I do do um well I'm back didn't take
long to come back because you can't get
enough of me and I want to talk about
this fun little sideshow that's going on
some of you may have noticed that
there's a little dust-up on Twitter
right now over some ancient history
about candidate Trump long ago said that
he said about McCain this is Trump
saying that hero he's no hero I prefer
people who didn't get caught now
this was initially tweeted by Soledad
O'Brien who and then i retweeted that
and said you know it's just a joke now
that was my short version of it and of
course the short version leaves out on
all the good stuff so I was roundly
attacked by I think Andy Richter Judd
Apatow few other Hollywood writers but a
lot of people who know what jokes are
weighed in to say that's no joke and
then I explained of course at a
different periscope how it is a joke and
not only is it a joke but Chris Rock
wrote it and performed it in 2008 so
Chris Rock does the joke years before
Trump in which he says of McCain I'm
paraphrasing you know Chris does it
better but I'm paraphrasing that you
know how hard it is it to get caught we
have prisons that are full of people who
did that
now when Chris Rock says it it's in the
context of a comedy situation and
everybody said that I is just a joke
nobody takes it too seriously when
candidate Trump said it he didn't
deliver it with the same you know crisp
punchline and he didn't do it in the
context of a comedy show so people said
that's no joke he's actually saying that
that's that's in a you know an offensive
insult well I think the fact that Chris
Rock said it first and
was clearly the context of a joke is all
the evidence I'm going to provide that
it was intended as a joke but then
people say but you're missing the point
Scott it was really an insult to which I
say yes it was an insult joke it was a
joke who his primary point was to
diminish an opponent and let me talk
about reality for a moment and then I'll
get back to this point all right so the
difference in the difference in
perspective here is as some people said
that's not a joke what they really mean
is not so much it doesn't they're not
saying it doesn't follow the structure
of a joke because it does it was
literally a great joke from Chris Rock
that meets all the definition the joke
what they're really saying is that it's
not funny
and it's really primarily a bullying
insult all right a bullying insult so
let me give you two views of reality
here and then we'll come back to that
point because until you see the context
it's hard for me to wrap up my my major
point I've been telling you for a while
that there are at least two views of the
world that at least relevant to this
conversation there's what I call the
common filter unreality which says that
what we're looking at is something
called politics and their politics is
made up of things such as you know
there's money influencing it and people
have facts and there's the old boys
network and there's you know the news
and all those things that are going into
politics so that's the common view of
the sort of the the two-dimensional view
of life I have introduced what I call
the persuasion filter and this filter
what politics is instead of the you know
2d version politics is an insult contest
in which the players are using such
things as flattery branding reframing
linguistic kill shots to build up their
side and to tear down the other side
now in the insult contest we see that
the anti choppers are insulting Trump by
calling him and orange-haired Crazy
Clown mentally unfit racist homophobe
missa misogynistic xenophobic cheeto
Jesus and not enough all insults now
there are functional insults because the
whole point of them is to win the insult
contest that the people over here would
call politics or getting elected
now the funniest thing about flattery
and do you remember each time President
Trump goes overseas the news this news
the two-dimensional news will say oh my
god President Trump doesn't see it
coming these countries are using
flattery to control him they're gonna
play to his ego they're gonna flatter
him and then he's going to do anything
that they want they're using the
flattery against him and then what
happens is they they roll out the red
carpet and they make a big deal about it
that look at look at Israel right now
Israel they've got a soccer team that's
naming itself after Trump literally that
was yesterday's news
they've got signs up you know about make
Israel great again they're they're doing
everything they can to flatter our
president and you say to yourself oh
look at what mr. president you don't see
this coming
they're centering the flattery at you
it's going to change you you're going to
do anything that want now to get more of
that flattery because you love the
flattery that's how it looks over here
let me tell you how a professional
persuader would see this same situation
and this is based on some of the work of
Robert Jill Dini
who wrote the books influence and the
newer one pre suasion which you should
absolutely read both of those to
understand your world you have to read
both of those books period and while he
would tell you is that the research
showed
that when people act a certain way they
adopt it as if they believe it in other
words when when Saudi Arabia ramped up
their welcoming ceremony from whatever
is normal to extra normal for Trump
these people said ah they're using
flattery it's a trick
but Trump and everybody who has a
similar skill set such as me said this
isn't working quite the way you think it
is when they roll out the super red
carpet and make a big big deal about
Trump as leader and and they honor him
and flatter him what they're doing is
talking themselves into it in other
words however important Trump was before
they put on their own ceremony they
themselves the Saudis in this example
elevated their own opinion of him
because of the ceremony they put on to
flatter him all of this is working in
Trump's favor the world is trying to out
flatter the last country that talked to
Trump
I mean Israel's really putting it on
their putting on the flatter fest like
you've never seen they think this is
good this is good this is really gonna
influence Trump to be our friend
and it does it definitely does that but
what it does even more than that is it
influences the country that's doing it
that he's a better more important leader
than they thought before they started
flattering him all right they're
convincing their own public of the
importance of Trump
so it works totally in his favor so
that's what the world looks looks like
through the persuasion persuasion filter
and flattery I include in the insult
contest because what you're right we're
trying to do is contrast you're trying
to get as many people to flatter you so
you look good while you're insulting the
other team as functionally and as
effectively as you can they're calling
Trump a racist he's calling them his
various linguistic kill shots from you
know
crooked Hillary - lyin lyin Ted Cruz -
low-energy Jeb now here's the
interesting part two views of the world
quite different I have said for now a
couple of years that if you're trying to
sort out which is the more accurate or
functional or a useful way to look at
the world you should look at which one
predicts the best so if this one gives
you the best predictions use that one
that should be your filter on life and
if this one does use that one I would
argue that this view of the world is
experiencing prediction complete
breakdown this view of the world
predicted that you could never have a
president Trump this view of the world
predicted that if you did get a
president Trump it would be the end of
the world that would be you know there
would be a Hitler like situation there
would be you know the economy would
crash that he could sort he might cause
a nuclear war this is complete
prediction breakdown complete breakdown
and prediction and it might break down
again at the midterms because this is
also predicting a good day for the
Democrats in the midterms don't know how
that's going to turn out yet but this
side has been wrong about everything for
two years this side the side that I I
live on has been right about all the big
stuff for two years and I would suggest
that if it continues being right you
have to watch in a while that you might
want to adopt this as your better way of
thinking about the world yeah and
somebody just put a little hashtag
Golden Age in there when you move from
this world which is dysfunctional and
non predictive completely useless and
just makes you angry the people living
in this world are in deep cognitive
dissonance they can't explain their
world because the things they think are
true they're filter around the world
doesn't predict anymore
and therefore you have insanity an
actual type of we hope temporary but
it's an actual type of insanity because
nothing makes sense anymore you move
over here everything makes complete
sense it's all it's all backed by
science everything that happens on the
persuasion side of things is is is well
backed by plenty of science there's not
really any real debate on this stuff and
as you saw right in front of you from
the earliest days those of you who have
been with me for a while you know that I
said as clearly as possible and often
back in 2015 that I was going to make
predictions right in front of you that
would be that would come true and would
validate this view of the world and then
you watch them come true let's go back
to and then the the one thing that these
two views have in common is the policies
right so if some if if one side says
we're gonna lower taxes by 10% well they
both put a different spin and what that
means is dealing from the poor to give
it to the rich no we're boosting the
economy but they would both agree that
10% is 10% so there's this little bit of
overlap in these views in the world
where it comes down to that the details
of what the actual law becomes all right
let's take us back to the John McCain
story I said the John McCain joke that I
prefer people who didn't get caught is
both a serious point you know an insult
he is trying to diminish McCain who is
his critic who started at first
McCain started the insults he didn't you
know he wasn't the victim he started it
Trump insulted him back so do you get do
you get crazy because you saw somebody
who was in an insult contest insult
somebody would you get mad if you were
in a bowling tournament and you saw
somebody bowling it's a bowling
tournament people Bowl
it's an insult contest McCain is
insulting Trump Trump is insulting him
back it's a frickin insult contest if
you live over here
your world has fallen apart this big
orange cheeto Hitler is insulting our
respected cherished sacred cows the
world is falling apart we don't know
what's happening what happens next will
society fall apart we can't predict
anything we're confused were we're
off-kilter we don't know what's
happening over here very simple what
were those people doing president
candidate Trump at the time and Senator
McCain they were too important
participants in an insult contest where
they were trying to brand the other one
negatively while each of them were
trying to brand themselves positively
they were trying to reframe things Trump
was trying to reframe McCain from the
respected senator to somebody you've got
lucky with being called a hero alright
so these are the two were views of the
world I would I would propose that you
watch these to see which one predicts
better I'm pretty sure this one is
always going to predict better but you
can watch and find out on your on your
own now
you will be amused and amazed watching
the people who live in this view of the
world how angry they get at me because
they don't quite understand what I'm
saying if you saw any of the Twitter
feed the exchanges what you saw is me
continually saying things that probably
made sense to you if you've spent some
time with me in this world but over
there they kept being confused it's like
are you are you saying X and I'd say no
no I'm now saying that I'm saying Y and
then they would say oh I see what you're
saying you're saying W let's say no no I
just said I'm saying why okay so you're
saying X no I just said on
why so what your watch is that they
actually can't hear you talk and process
it like language or communication it's
actually just noise that's coming in and
then they just translate it into some
other weird thing and then tell you why
it's wrong but they're not telling me
why I'm wrong they're telling me
something that happened just in their
own heads confuses them makes them angry
makes them frustrated makes them anxious
and then it comes out as insane hatred
yes so certainly there's nobody in the
insult contest who is clean you know
everybody who's in the contest entered
the contest
yeah when when when McCain decided to be
a politician did McCain say to himself
oh great I'm gonna be a politician
thank God I entered the business where
nobody's gonna insult me no nope he did
not say that he said I think I'll enter
the insult contest I wonder if there
will be any insults in the insult
contest yeah there will that's all there
will be reframing rebranding insulting
flattery if you can get it insults on
the other side that's all it is and that
is your politics all right that's all I
have to say for today
let me give give me a little feedback
did this help you at all sometimes some
of these topics are sort of recasting
things I've said before about when when
they when they're more about the
headlines it just makes it a little more
relevant brings it home
somebody's saying what's an lks you're
looking at this probably a linguistic
kill shot so that's my little name for
the low-energy jab and crooked Hillary
in the the Trump nicknames
yeah somebody said it's good but for
only for those who already respect me
that's probably true in general yes
people people are going to agree with
whatever they already respect now you
can see why it you know took me a
whiteboard to describe this and you can
see why my critics on Twitter are
confused and angry because you know I've
got this much text to make my point so
I'll say it again I say that the Trump
comment about McCain getting captured
was a joke because we know that because
Chris Rock wrote that joke
in 2008 and performed it now was it just
intended to be funny no I don't mean it
was a joke
as in it was only intended to be funny I
mean it was joke as in a really good
insult joke it was intended to demean
McCain exactly as it did and it was
successful I think because it did
actually cause some of us to say oh
that's sort of a good boy
even though it's not really a good point
that's how jokes work a joke works
because it's sort of feels kind of true
but if you think about it for even half
a second you realize it's not really a
good description of what's happening
that's what makes it funny
alright it was said and anger and
revenge that doesn't make it not a joke
imagine if you will that Trump had said
without the joke part of it this imagine
if he'd said you know I've looked at
I've looked at McCain's record and I I
don't feel like that was you know worthy
of being called the hero couldn't do
that that would have been the biggest
mistake in the world so he tried to
soften it he tried to reframe McCain but
he tried to sort of you know soften it
with a joke format now he didn't deliver
the joke well and people didn't take it
as a joke so he failed so when people
are saying stop defending this president
do you defend every single thing he says
no I don't here's an example this was
just a mistake candidate Trump should
not have touched that joke or tried to
cast him as as a non hero because it
would just come back to bite him so in
other words it didn't work it was
mistake it wasn't the worst thing to try
because if he'd gotten a bigger laugh
and and people repeated it it might have
worked and by the way it might have
actually worked in terms of diminishing
McCain's reputation so it might have
been effective but I don't think it was
worth all the trouble that caused him so
it was it was kind of an expensive move
that he might take back if he had the
chance
after he said it he thought so too
correct here's a perfect example of
where I'm agreeing with you and you
can't hear it okay so some of the people
who are you know set in their ways they
can't hear me agreeing with you he did
Trump did literally mean to diminish to
diminish McCain he did mean to do that
that was intentional we agree but it was
also in the form of a joke because he
was softening it and he was in the
insult contest delivering an insult all
right that's all I have to say that and
talk to you later