pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
hey come on in here everybody I see you
gathering around reaching for your
vessels of which beverages will soon be
contained in which beverages will be
contained well you're probably here for
the simultaneous tip and for my analysis
of Iran because who better channelize
the Middle East and a cartoonist but
first uh you're here for the
simultaneous hip and all you need is a
cup or mug or glass a tank or cello sir
Stein a canteen Joker flask good vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure the dopamine
did of the day the thing makes
everything better
the simultaneous ed go
[Music]
shivers total shivers so yesterday there
was news in the afternoon I guess about
some major attack in in Iraq and today
the news is nobody's aware of any major
attacks in Iraq what the hell was that
what the hell was all that news about
some major air attack on some some some
group it looks like maybe it just didn't
even happen that's the world we live in
crazy let me say more about what Lindsey
Graham has done for the country and for
the world sometimes the smallest things
are the most important things because
they it's just the exactly the right
thing
I think Lindsey Graham has done
something really important they'll look
at it doesn't look important but it's
something really important like so
important
it's civilization all
that important and you may maybe you
didn't even notice it and this is what
he did
and I'll control contrast this to what
is normally done right what is normally
done when two countries are at each
other is that you make vague threats
about wiping the other one off the map
you saw with President Trump when he
said to North Korea there will be fire
and fury well what the hell does that
mean well it just means some kind of war
we kill a lot of your people kind of you
know kind of generic now in the case of
fire and fury it was really good generic
because there's fire there's fury yeah
really really making him sort of
visualized the carnage that's coming but
Lindsey Graham did something so much
smarter because Iran is a different
situation they don't have nukes yet so
you can handle it differently
he said now a couple times or probably
several times in public that Iran's next
the next targeted in Iran will be the
refineries no he didn't say it as
directly as I said it next target but he
said it clearly and he said a few
different times and a few different new
shows if Iran causes you know more
trouble or retaliates the refineries
could be blown up and here's the beauty
of it do you think that Iran believes
they could protect there are three
refineries I think there are three I
doubt they think that there's no way
that the Iran thinks that if the United
States wanted to destroy their three
refineries it would take more than a few
hours to do it so the threat is specific
and here's the good part because we took
out Saleh money is credible if we had
said last week hey we might somebody
saying there's 11 refineries so we'll
have to fact-check that but whatever the
number is we can we can certainly take
care of 11 or 3
so so here's the thing he's got this
very specific threat there would not
have been credible even one week ago am
i right
one week ago if we'd said hey Iran if
you if you do anything else against us
we'll take out your refineries which
will end your economy one week ago that
was not a credible threat today hundred
percent credible president Trump created
a situation where the next threat is a
hundred percent credible Lindsey Graham
has I think is probably the architect of
the idea that we should be in this
specific you've never seen this before
have you historians in fact check me
when was the last time you saw that
something this specific as a here's your
price you know here's the menu here's
the menu and look in the menu right here
says you retaliate
that's your menu choice and then over
here is the price of it it's all of your
refineries no no human deaths so Lindsey
Graham is not promising will kill even
one person and Iran why because we like
irradiance the the pure of fact of it is
that if you put in an American and a
typical you know westernized Iranian in
the same place they're gonna have a good
time we love ratings we we we want to
kill zero irradiance
alright we're talking about the public
and so Lindsey Graham even tells them
where the bombs are gonna be you know if
Iran attacks you know something let's
say there's some damage from an Iranian
attack some kind of revenge attack and
let's say the even comes from a proxy
but we know it's Iran behind it wouldn't
you think that the people working at the
refineries would say ah
break time and get out of the refinery
now we can't guarantee that every person
will get away from the fizzle
or refinery so you might have casualties
but we certainly told them as
specifically as we possibly could those
refineries will disappear under these
very specific conditions there's some
retaliation that's it it's very clear so
here that here are the things which are
special about this clarity you've never
seen this kind of clarity before clarity
is very persuasive
compared to something vague will happen
you better watch out because vague
things will happen to you that doesn't
necessarily stop anybody but if you're
that specific and again I've never seen
this so I need a historian to tell me as
as somebody says wikipedia says or 14
refineries will figure out how many
refineries but it's also is probably
true that there are three big ones if
it's like everything else in the world
there there are some of them that are
the important ones so probably if you
took out the big three you you know that
would be the end of the economy just
guessing but that would be a typical
situation so so Lindsay's got the
specificity it's a non human target
assuming that the humans who work there
are smart enough to get out of the way I
think we'd probably even give them
warning its non-human its economic it's
an economic attack so we've just told
them that we'll attack them economically
in a nonhuman place we have we ever seen
that never before now here's the other
beauty of it a refinery is a visual I've
told you too many times the persuasion
works best when you can put a picture in
somebody's head when the picture you put
in somebody's head is there will be
consequences well that's not a picture
or what are the consequences but if you
tell me your refinery will blow up I can
picture that now
I don't know exactly what a refinery
looks like but you've got a picture in
your mind right you see the buildings
and the pipes and the you know the the
big pipes going everywhere and you know
you've got big tanks and stuff so your
brain automatically sees a refinery and
sees it blown up that's really good
all right amazingly good persuasion and
here's the best part
Lindsey Graham is the only one of the
few people maybe Marco Rubio also but
Lindsey Graham was golfing and advising
the President on this solemn Annie
attack and so I ran when they hear
Lindsey Graham say your refineries are
next do they think that that's pretty
reliable yeah yeah Lindsey Graham was
just sitting in the golf cart with the
president United States we just killed
Salah many yeah if Lindsey Graham says
your refineries are next
that's pretty reliable so you have
everything going right and this threat
you've never seen a threat this good I
would say am I wrong about that that
we've never seen a threat this well
constructed it's a well constructed
threat specificity it's visual there's
no Iranian people who have to get killed
I mean there might it could happen but
you don't want that you want them to you
know get out of the area and it is
credible for the first time I've never
seen anything this good now let's get
into the heads of the Iranian leadership
okay now I've introduced the idea which
is starting to catch on and not
necessarily because of me but the idea
is starting to grow in popularity and
the idea is this Salamone might not have
been so popular within Iran certainly
not within Iraq he might not have been
so caught
and there may have been elements who
were happy if he left so that's sort of
a growing thought have we seen massive
demonstrations of the Iranian public now
we saw mourners who were chanting death
to America who are actually part of the
funeral procession so of course you can
get you know a few thousand people who
are part of the mourners procession to
chant death to America but what is the
what is the let's say the average public
saying right now what what is the
average Iranian to think about this do
you think the average Iranian who does
not want war thought that solemn any who
is doing nothing but creating war do you
think that they were happy about him I
have a feeling that Iran behind closed
doors is saying well maybe we wouldn't
have chosen this path but now we're here
now we're here it might be an
opportunity so I was looking at again
the the threats from Iran here's another
one so here's the newest threat now keep
in mind that since this is the biggest
news all of our news organizations are
actively looking for Iranian officials
to say threatening things so if there
were any high-level Iranian officials
saying threatening things we'd probably
know it because we're looking for it
right so here's the latest one so Abu
Hamza Abu Hamza this is CNN's reporting
commander of the Revolutionary Guards
I think it's seeing them in the southern
province of ker man foreshadowed a
possible attack on core to vital
American targets located in the Strait
of Hormuz in retaliation so here's what
this commander of the Revolutionary
Guards and the southern province did he
get that he's a command
of one part of the Revolutionary Guard
he is not an Ayatollah he's just a
commander of one part just one area of
the Revolutionary Guard and that was the
best we could get for an authoritative
Iranian revenge opinion right it's kind
of weak isn't it he's just he's just a
local commander of the rep of the
Revolutionary Guard and here's his
threat he says quote the Strait of
Hormuz is a vital point for the west and
a large number of American destroyers
and warships crossed there Abu Hamza
said according to a Reuters report vital
American targets in the region he goes
on have been identified by Iran since
long time ago some 35 US targets in the
region as well as tel-aviv
are within our reach that's it the
closest they confined to an Iranian
threat was a local commander who says
that we know what assets the United
States has in the area
with that said he just says that we know
what assets you have any meaning what
ships are in there that's it that's the
best threat this is sounding a lot like
no threat am i right it am I am I
misjudging this that the Iranians are
really really holding back on the
rhetoric why would they hold back on the
rhetoric I think they're reassessing the
situation possibly as an opportunity now
an opportunity for peace says now I hate
to be the now now let's say that you go
inside the Iranian decision-making you
know behind closed doors all right let's
say you're in the meeting presumably
there are meetings right so I think
we're getting together and they're
trying to decide what to do how does
that conversation go imagine the
conversation the private security
conversations at the top of the Iranian
leadership and they say you know Lindsey
Graham just credibly said that if we
retaliate we're going to lose our
refineries which means we'll lose our
economy which means that the public in
Iran is likely to overthrow the
government do we want to take that
chance
now people people this is a perfect test
of your worldview I've been saying very
unpopular ly very unpopular ly I've been
saying for years that the Iranian
leadership is not insane I've been
saying that they're actually pretty
smart about pursuing their self-interest
and indeed even all the stuff that
you've seen lately if you're being if
you're being objective Iran is killing
it lately
meaning that Iran has spread its
influence to completely dominate Iraq a
country that was a war with them you
know just a few decades ago Iran has
completely expanded their influence
they've got all these proxies they're
the biggest problem in the Middle East
to us which means the the most powerful
thing so the Iranians have not only
acted rationally in my opinion from the
start but successfully to successfully
and rationally so my worldview is that
the Iranians are rational decision
makers and everything they do they've
done so far back set up now we have a
situation in which they either can act
in revenge or not act in revenge which
of those two is the rational path well I
would argue that the rational path is no
response or
maybe maybe they have some proxy do
something just a just a test and then to
you try to deny that they had anything
to do with it oh they were rogue maybe
they could find some gray area where
it's not obviously an Iranian attack
maybe but my here's my prediction the
Iranians do believe at this point and
they should Lindsey Graham's threat is
credible would you agree that would you
agree with that that behind closed doors
the Iranian leadership is looking at
what Lindsey Graham is saying and
looking at what Trump just did killing
so many and they believe it's credible
that the refineries are next and that
anything they do is going to trigger the
end of their economy
don't you believe they think that's true
so I think they're rational decision
makers we're going to say oh crap this
is definitely not gonna work
our next move is just not going to work
so if they're crazy this is what will
happen next a rocket attack on Israel
all right so if you want to test your
worldview see if there's a rocket attack
on Israel now I'm not going to count a
few stray Rockets because you can't
discount the fact that there's just a
local you know local Hezbollah person
who shot some rockets and maybe didn't
have you know the blessing from Iran so
you might see a few but if Iran is crazy
which many of you have said many of you
said it's a death cult they're
irrational
they're crazy if that's your view you
should expect their next move to be a
military move against the United States
am i right
that would be the most irrational thing
you could do if I'm right and the
Iranians are rational people who have
always been rational never left that
path
they will act rationally again because
that's who they are and they will not
attack because they believe they will
lose their refineries and that's too
much all right so so put down your bet
all of those who have you been on the
side of Iran is irrational I would think
you'd be willing to bet again that
they'll act irrationally once again and
and you could be right right this will
be this will be the test of the theory
of whether they have an irrational death
cult and and everything and that
everything is all about dying as long as
they get is real - and so if you put
yourself in the Iranians position the
only way I can see something like a
major retaliation again I'm going to say
major because I do expect it seems
likely there's some individual Hezbollah
commander who's gonna fire a rocket and
that just feels like that's going to
happen but from the top like a big
attack like on a warship an attack on
the homeland an attack on a major US
base an attack on Israel proper I don't
think so
I do not think so
alright let's talk about something else
let's talk about oh and then the other
thing to look for is the missing outrage
from Iran and Iraqi citizens
now you may some of you I'll bet you had
the same experience I had yesterday so
yesterday I was getting private messages
from people people were privately
telling me that they know people in Iran
or Iraq and that the people that they
know personally were behind closed doors
celebrating the death of Solomon a did
any of you get messages like that I got
zero messages from people who said
they'd heard people they know are
unhappy about it but I did get several
messages from people who said yeah I
know
I know somebody over there I see one yes
oh actually a bunch of yeses look at all
the yeses going by yes I did yes all
that yes yes saw on Twitter some people
saw it on Twitter oh I think most of you
probably just saw some tweets on Twitter
but I don't know how many of you heard
it privately but privately I heard they
were celebrating
I heard zero stories of anybody who was
unhappy except for like mourners but you
expect the mourners to be unhappy of
course look at all the yeses I don't
know if that's really meaningful because
you may just see them on Twitter all
right one of the things that the
administration is saying is that killing
so many was really about stopping future
attacks can you explain to me why
killing the top guy would prevent future
attacks like now threatening the oil
refineries might prevent future attacks
but if you if the only thing you're
doing is killing the leader and he's
replaced five minutes later do we think
that the replacement didn't know what
the plan was is the replacement not on
board with the plan and how does that
work so I think this is one of those
cases where I'm gonna be honest I don't
trust the official story so the official
story is that we knew there was some
specific credible large-scale attack in
the Middle East against US assets and
they're killing this guy stopped it I'm
gonna go on record and say I don't
believe that I just don't believe that's
true now I'm not saying it's false I'm
saying that it falls into the category
of things you should not automatically
think is true so just because people you
like and respect and most of you
probably you know most of you were
probably Trump supporters and you think
that Mike Pompeo is doing a good job I
do I to me it looks like Pompey was
doing a great job actually
and but just because you think he's
doing a good job and you trust him this
might not be one of those situations
where your government feels a necessity
to tell you exactly what's going on in a
perfectly accurate way now I've said
this before we'll say it again
your government doesn't owe you the
truth when it comes to national defense
you might not like to hear that but I'll
say it again your government does not
owe you the truth on the topic of
national defense they do owe you a good
national defense they do owe you that
but if they have a choice between lying
to you which gives you the best national
defense or telling you the truth
which puts you in trouble which do you
want them to do if Mike Pompeo is your
guy you trust them to do what's good for
the United States do you always want him
to tell you the truth I do not I do not
ask of Mike Pompeo or President Trump or
the next president or the one after that
I do not ask them to tell me the truth
all the time I want them to tell me what
keeps me safe as long as they they have
a good idea that that's the case all
right a little bit of a little bit of
shading the truth might have a National
Defense purpose and I'm okay with that
it doesn't matter what party is doing it
all right
Gallup had a poll about trust in the
media we assume that means trust in the
news and here's the results of the
Gallup poll by party affiliation of who
trusts the news all right 69% of
Democrats trust the media 69% to more
than two-thirds of Republicans is only
15% and
36% of Independence now 15% of
Republicans say they trust the news now
what's funny about that is I always
laugh that any poll 15% of people don't
know what day it is you know it doesn't
matter what the question is or who he
asked 15% of people just don't even know
their own name so the fact that 15% of
Republicans trust the media it's like
zero it's a lot like zero because
remember 15% will say it anything
I'm sorry slipped out fifteen percent of
any group will say anything just
anything you know fifteen percent will
believe they are ghosts fifteen percent
will believe they died yesterday I mean
anything so Republicans basically have
close to zero trust in the news whereas
Democrats have been as high as like 76
percent I think at one point and they're
still pretty high as 69 percent now what
what explains that difference can you
explain the difference well part of the
difference is they're Republicans see
the news on both sides isn't that is
that the big difference I would say the
big difference is that the Democrats see
the news only from their own silo of
news so if they turn on CNN and then
they switch to channel two MSNBC it's
the same news so why wouldn't they think
it's pretty reliable every time they
turn on the news they turn on NPR same
news as CNN
same news as MSNBC you think that one of
them would be saying something different
if it were wrong so all the news they
see their entire silo New York Times you
know Washington Post it all agrees why
wouldn't they
if if all the news you saw agreed with
all the other news you saw wouldn't you
think it was probably credible I think I
would but most of you watching this
periscope and most Republicans also
watch Fox News also read breitbart
also you know see the Drudge Report also
see other stuff and they also see social
media which is also somewhat but not as
much siloed by political preference yeah
in that case itself siloed I guess in
both cases itself siloed but Republicans
see both sides of the news Republicans
know that the fine people hoax is a hoax
Democrats don't even know that and Matt
imagine if you lived in the world in
which you didn't know that the most
important story of the entire of the
presidency was actually fake suppose you
didn't know from the start that the rush
occlusion thing was was BS it would be
so easy to imagine that the things that
are being reported and then left are
actually true if you never saw the
counterpoint because they look true in
isolation anything looks true if there's
no counterpoint so I don't know how
Democrats can possibly defend trust in
the media other than they're not paying
attention to both sides now what's also
interesting about the Gallup poll is
that they show the the graph lines over
time and the graph lines the Democrats
have apparently for years and years the
Democrats have had more trust in the
media makes sense because Fox News has
existed for years and years and not
everybody is watching it so but but if
they are they're gonna have a different
opinion than the people who are not and
what happened in 2016 is that the lives
that were the lives were sort of always
this far apart it's like every year it's
about this far apart
Democrats have more more trust and then
his 2016 and it goes opposite directions
I mean just grossly opposite directions
as soon as 2016 hit why of course
president Trump's election and
specifically the fact that the that the
news on the Left became complete fake
news I mean it just turned into nothing
but
as soon as the president was was elected
and I've invested exaggeration but it'd
be got it got a lot worse once the
president was elected all right so let's
talk about some of that BS news have you
heard that there's an impeachment going
on have you heard about that the yeah
there's an impeachment and there's some
more news on it I know a lot of you
didn't didn't even know it because the
Iranian thing just wiped it off the news
but CNN is desperately trying to keep
this thing alive and I'm watching their
opinion columnist online it was actually
kind of funny I mean it's actually funny
like literally I bluffing because I'm
thinking about their situation I'm not
just laughing at what they're writing
I'm thinking about their situation
imagine if you're the official CNN
opinion person like this this Collinson
guy whose job it is to write an
anti-trump opinion piece every day and
yeah they're focusing on the impeachment
because that's what's big in that
category so imagine the poor guy having
to write in another impeachment article
when absolutely nobody cares this week
because because we've forgotten about it
it's old news we've got this Iran
situation and poor guy has to write an
article all right so here's who's the
best he can come up with here's what
from one of the opinion pieces on CNN
the praise or condemnation president
Donald Trump is drawing for the latest
us actions in the Middle East and no way
diminishes the power of the legal
bombshell that just exploded the United
States with new evidence of his behavior
regarding Ukraine
so some emails have been discovered of
the staff talking about stuff that makes
it look like Trump knew or ordered that
withholding for personal gain that's the
CNN version of it not the real version
that's a CNN version and but the this
poor guy who has to write an article to
keep people's attention
he has to say he starts off with saying
that you know the stuff in the Middle
East with Arab in no way diminishes the
power of the legal bombshell that just
exploded to the United States to which I
say yeah did yeah
it totally diminished that bombshell
your bombshell was like a dust bunny
that's under the bed and stays there
that's your bombshell bombshell is a
dust bunny onto the bed that just stays
ER because nobody cares am i right
if it feels like literally nobody cares
I'm not even sure if the Democrats care
anymore it just feels like they don't
care but there's a new category that
they've invented all right so in another
opinion piece by another CNN opinion
person they're talking about the emails
and and the decision to withhold funding
from Ukraine and this would rights as
the clock tick toward a disbursement
deadline aids increasingly raised the
legality of the issue legality my god
there's gonna be something in here about
somebody breaking a law that's where it
looks like it's heading right bombshell
time are you ready here comes the
bombshell and rightly so the decision
didn't just run against the national
security oh here comes it violated the
law and like shoot wait what violated
the law and then you dig into it a
little bit and when the article says it
violated the law they don't mean
something that actually happened the it
violated the law was the possibility
that they would have withheld it passed
the Congressional deadline so once the
money is once money is just distributed
or once it's proved I guess there's some
deadline in the future months in the
future in which if you haven't done it
by then you violated the law now here's
the key part
it didn't happen in other words they did
not go past the deadline going past the
deadline is the only thing that would
have turned the legal actions into
illegal actions and they didn't do it
so the CNN has created a new category a
criticism wait for it here it is past
potential crimes I'm not even making
this up so the president is being
criticized today on CNN for something
that happened in the past that
potentially could have been a crime if
they had done something else instead
it's a past potential crime it didn't
happen but if it had happened it would
have been in the past a past potential
crime that's all they have they have a
past potential hypothetical past
potential crime my god can you get lower
than a past potential crime because up
until now they've been focusing on we
think the president might do something
in the future that's bad that's a future
potential crime a future future
potential crime could happen that's
that's the big difference between a
future potential crime and a past
potential crime a past potential crime
can't actually happen cuz it's not the
past and the deadline for that crime to
even happened is gone because the
situation's gone right the money was
already just distributed so someday I
want to have critics whose only
complaint about me today is a past
potential crime that didn't happen all
right what else we got going on here
I think that's about it I believe I
believe we've covered it all so put down
your bets on Iran I'm going I'm going to
double down on my bet that Iran is
rational so I see no major military
action by Iran based on the theory that
they're rational and we'll see what
happens now let me give you the ultimate
optimistic thought are you ready
here's the most optimistic thing you'll
ever hear in your life probably
optimistic to the point of being crazy
peace in the Middle East is impossible
right we'd all agree there's nothing
it's just impossible to have peace in
the Middle East because you've got
thousands and thousands of years of
fighting you know the the people are on
teams and you just can't imagine that
changing here's something that's also
true there's only one person who needs
to change their mind to make peace just
one person it's actually down to the
Ayatollah I would have said last week if
I'd known it I wasn't as smart last week
but if I had been smarter last week I
could have said well they're probably
two people one of them is Solomon a if
he if he wasn't on board because it
looks like he had a lot more power than
any of us thought as we're learning more
about him in my opinion he was actually
running Iran because the guy with the
gun you know the one who has the
military yeah that's the guy who's in
charge even if not officially on paper
my guess is this Alemany
was really the last person preventing
peace in the Middle East because Iran is
the big problem and their support of the
proxies is the other problem but if you
if Iran suddenly today said you know
what how about just peace in the Middle
East
it would only take one person think
about that thousands of years of
fighting in the Middle East and it's
come down to this is real thousands of
years of fighting and it's down to one
person the Ayatollah
he just has to say you know maybe not
that's it
that's the end of it we have never been
this close to complete peace in the
Middle East as somebody says naive now
I'm not naive in the sense that you know
there wouldn't be smaller disputes and
stuff forever but in terms of countries
at war we're kind of down to just Iran
if Iran decided to be good now that
wouldn't obviously that's not going to
cause everybody the Palestinians to be
happy with the Israel etc but it would
be down to local terrorist acts and you
know murderers here and there rocky gets
fired that sort of thing but you're down
to just one country one guy one person
and that one person just got the path
cleared right because Solomon he was
probably the biggest obstacle to array
on doing something peaceful because
there's no way he was going to be okay
with that maybe they you you may have a
situation where Iran can do something so
historically meaningful it would be just
crazy just crazy
I don't think Turkey's gonna cause a war
there's some questions about Turkey I
think heard Awad is be happy just
running Turkey all right
yes adopt about the one man theory yeah
so he did get he did get whacked that's
the truth but we're close all right
that's it for now that's my optimistic
thought for the day and I'll talk to you
later