oh that's better
do you know it's hard to put on a
blanket when you're already sitting in a
chair well now you do you come here to
learn and learn you did well this is the
part of the night where all of your
worries and cares will be draining out
of your body back into the earth where
they belong
don't push them down into your stomach
and try to bury them with food I'm just
kidding that works too but stick with me
and by the end of this you're gonna feel
so much better so much better it's just
gonna be crazy so let us begin talking
about all the things number one I hope
that all of you are learning a new skill
or working on your fitness or learning
to cook or bonding with your partner is
everybody here have you all made it a
point to just at least pick one thing
that's just gonna be better because it's
the one thing you can control you can
control if you learn something you can
control if you try something etc and in
times like this it's good to get our
mind off of things and it's good to just
try some stuff so one of the things I'm
trying I'm trying lots of different
stuff you're working on my drumming
working on my weight training and stuff
but I signed up for a cameo do you know
what that is it's the it's the app where
you can you can add me leave a message
for somebody as sort of a gift so it's
like a 30-second message from
semi-famous b-list celebrities like
myself so you do the cameo app and you
just find be there that's what you need
to know
I have I have a feeling that the
zeitgeist is changing this is what I
feel like the zeitgeist is changing
meaning that the way that the country
feels it's almost you feel like you're
connected to the whole country right now
in a way of that you haven't quite felt
before because I find that what I think
about you know the big decision of how
to go back to to work and how do you go
back to normal the risks and stuff I
feel that because I can't make that
decision without literally thinking of
everyone else in the country like it how
do you do it because it's all connected
right so you know anything you think of
it's like well we could do it this way
then do you think oh well that would be
really bad for restaurants or whoever so
there's there's pretty much no way to
guarantee that anything you do is going
to be good for everybody so you just
feel sort of connected because you're
worrying about everybody you're
wondering what you can do how you can
help it's very connected feeling and
because it's connected I feel like maybe
you feel this too it's almost like you
can feel the the pulse of the public you
know in a way that you don't normally
feel and let me tell you what I'm
feeling and then maybe you can validate
how that feels in your end there's
something about one month that makes
anything doable
meaning if you say we only have to do
something for one month people will
complain but you can do anything for one
month if it gets pushed out to six weeks
you'll complain some more but you'll say
to yourself it's only two more weeks if
it gets pushed out to what would be the
second month there's going to be some
serious conversation
and you know where we are right so so
we're right in that point where the
where the flexibility of the country has
reached something like a limit now let
me give you the good news
if our leaders are doing everything just
right it might be that the perfect place
to you know start getting back to work
is when it seems like it's too late you
know to just take it right up to the red
line
you know you get into the red zone and
just push him more into the red zone red
zone sort of like Captain Kirk trying to
do you know warp 12 the ship wasn't
built for work 12 so it could be that
we're heading right into the optimal
best we could've done you just don't
know and that's the big problem is that
nobody really knows it could be that we
should have going back to work three
weeks ago which could be that the only
thing that makes sense is to you know
stay stay locked out for longer nobody
really knows but I'll tell you some
things we do know you here are some
things we know okay number one I
probably have the best situation of
almost anybody you know in terms of you
know getting through the social
isolation because I'm in a really nice
environment and it's where I would be
anyway you know most of the time so the
suffering at all but I gotta tell you
today I lost a little bit so just you
know those days where you're getting
really mad at stuff and you're getting
really bad if the people online and you
say to yourself I don't know if I would
have been this mad about what somebody
said online and they make up excuses and
I say to myself alright it's not that
I'm getting too mad it's because it's so
important you know the people need to
think right about the the crisis to get
it right so I feel like no no I'm not
overreacting I'm reacting just right
because it really is important and
somebody could get killed if if we get
it wrong so but I realize that's a
rationalization I've completely aware
that I'm just pissed off and I'm
starting to take it out on objects and
you know nothing right here was my first
revelation I'm a pretty chill guy and
I'm writing this out better than just
about anybody really and if it got to me
if it got to me I mean I was ready to
stage a revolution today and honestly I
don't know what it's like to be anybody
else and I don't think anybody else does
either right you don't know what it's
like to be me I couldn't possibly know
what it's like to be you but I do know
this it's way worse it's way worse to be
most of you because you're not in as
good a situation so if it got to me
today I got a real like just a glimmer
of how bad this must be for other people
and of course you knew it you know it's
not like you didn't know it
intellectually you know you hear it on
the news it's obvious but to feel it is
a different there's all different
experience
and this gets me to Michigan what would
you say is the most American state if
you had to pick one you know out of all
the states what's the most what's the
one that just is the most American and
I'm not saying that's good or bad you
know you can leave your judgments out on
them but I think you'd agree that you
know Michigan is pretty high on the list
right I don't know if it's number one
but when you think of you know what
makes America the sort of traditional
way right so sort of the you know salute
the flag and eat the apple pie kind of
way and watching Michigan stage of
revolution today you most of you saw
them do
where they they got in their cars so
they wouldn't be you know infecting yet
each other too badly and they clogged up
the streets around the Capitol to make a
point and I thought to myself you know
if the revolution is starting Michigan
why not
Michigan's pretty darn American and
Americans were flexible we're very
flexible but we have a limit and what
I'm saying is if I felt I was near the
limit I can't even imagine how you feel
you know some of you so I think that we
all we all buy into the idea that in an
emergency it's better to have order and
if you have at least a little bit of
trust about the people at the top it's
better in an emergency say okay it's
emergency just tell us what to do but as
time goes by that authority gets you
know pushed down so that the states have
more control when they tell the cities
and the cities do their things maybe
your neighborhood does something so that
the control is being pushed out but
ultimately as I like to say ultimately
the public has all the control yeah we
have a government and then you know they
have police and they have armies and
stuff like that
but they're not going to use them all
right yeah if the public just said you
know what let's just pick our own date
we'll just pick our own date and we know
the risk we watch TV well wear the mask
we'll do the thing if some people don't
want to we'll work it out that maybe
they'll be shunned and maybe they just
work in places where it doesn't matter
maybe people take the risk we'll just
work it out so ultimately I guess what I
was feeling today is that that zeitgeist
powershift in which the government is
still in control but only barely do you
feel
that that I mean in a bad way you know I
don't think they got room it's gonna be
overthrown I'm not talking about that
I'm talking about just on this question
of when we go back to work I think the
public is ready to decide for the
government because I don't think the
government has a better plan than we do
do you do you think the government can
give you a more detailed plan that works
for you and your family do you think
they can you know prescribe that better
than you could probably not right now I
also read the the mood of the country
that if a few hundred thousand people
die because of this that's what it's
going to be they could happen fast it
could happen slow but probably there's
no way to get to the other side without
that and I think the country is ready
and it took you know if you have to say
there's a silver lining it's really dark
silver lining in this case but the the
fear and the the real pain of this
economic upheaval probably was necessary
to get the citizens of the United States
to say effectively what I was saying
over earlier today which is I'm in the
higher risk group because of my age and
asthma and I'm ready to take the chance
so you know if I'm ready I don't think
an 82 year old should be ready but you
know I'm close enough to the gray area
that I'd take a chance because you know
my actual odds of dying are really kind
of small so I think people are ready
here are some good news can you believe
that we have too many ventilators and
and way too many that's pretty good and
the only stats that I care about out of
New York City because I think today the
number of deaths went up but the only
one that I'm really watching is the
number of hospitalizations you know how
many people are admitted to the hospital
and that keeps dropping
so lately day after day the number of
people who went in the hospital at all
is dropping and in terms of getting back
to work that's got to be the most
important one so there's that I found
out I keep seeing stuff all over Twitter
that I didn't understand so I dug into a
little bit and Candice Owens was saying
this and also emerald Robinson from
Newsmax they're both making comments
about Bill Gates and his involvement in
you know health care decisions and
vaccinations and stuff and I didn't
realize how much hatred there was for
Bill Gates I had no idea that's why I
decided to you know sample a little of
what is it that they did indeed Candace
called him a vaccine criminal and I
thought that's that's pretty that's
pretty direct accusation what does that
mean so I looked at it so I asked her
and you know we messaged a few times if
she said be some links to show me the
the sources that word they would show
that Bill Gates had done horrible things
and I read them and I just didn't see it
so I don't know I mean I read I read two
sources that she sent me one was Snopes
saying that there was no evidence of the
thing and so when I pointed out to
Candice that Snopes
this the source she sent me says there's
no evidence of this charge against Bill
Gates and Candice said but they don't
have any evidence that it isn't true
essentially Bob not sure that's the
thing
you know if there's a weird accusation
it's not Bill Gates's job to prove it
didn't happen somebody can ask too you
know if Snopes says there's no evidence
so that was one of them
and the other one was I think it's true
but it doesn't mean anything in terms of
Bill Gates being a bad guy and it was
this that I guess there was some
situation I don't know all the details
but I'll give you the broad strokes so I
guess it's cheaper and easier to test
test some meds and vaccinations in
Africa because in part everything's
cheaper there but probably more than
that they have relaxed standards for
things so you know right away your your
alarm is going off it's like wait a
minute the pharmaceutical companies go
to Africa because they have relaxed the
standards I don't know what that means
exactly and I don't know if those right
the relaxed and ERDs are ones that
matter because you can easily imagine
that the United States has too many and
you know maybe it's just it's just
easier and maybe everybody has good
intentions but let's talk about their
intentions so there was some kind of
something got tested I think Bill Gates
invested in a company that did some
testings of vaccines and it looked like
there were some pretty bad outcomes so
some of the people in the trial and
Africa had bad outcomes like death and
just really bad outcomes and so it's
good so here's the question is that Bill
Gates fault that a company that he
funded did a study and or did a trial
and it ended up hurting some people
because that's actually why you do the
trial right that's the whole point of
the trial is that you don't know if
it'll hurt anybody and then it does so
you stop but then there was also
something about a lot of the people were
in the trial seem to be young and not
really knowing they were in the trial so
that was another another issue and but I
think that almost certainly has more to
do with their parents or guardians or
whoever signed the paperwork because I
guess
some of the girls couldn't read or write
you know so you know they didn't read
any kind of agreement so that part is
super sketchy but I don't know if that
was Bill Gates's fault I mean it's kind
of a stretch to connect those dots you
could say that the thing is horrible and
should never happen if if the facts are
accurate there's something horrible
there that needs to be fixed never
happened again probably but did Bill
Gates know that the company he funded
would hire somebody on the ground who
would talk to a guardian who would not
have the proper motivation maybe they
should've but anyway in Africa is a
tough country a tough continent all
right then there's a you know the small
business loads so all the small business
losses are coming out and I wanted to
see what the paperwork look like so I
downloaded it and here's the here's the
economic argument you have to have in
order to apply for a loan which would
turn into just free money you wouldn't
have to pay it back if you can meet the
requirements of using that money to
retain your staff so it's meant to
retain the staff I'm not sure if that's
the SBA part or something else but
anyway it's that's what the moneys for
and here's the only sentence that you
have to satisfy to say that you need the
money here's the exact sentence current
economic uncertainty makes this loan
request necessary to support the ongoing
operations of the applicant so you only
have to check the box you know and then
sign the document
this says that you're current economic
uncertainty makes it necessary to get
this to be sure that you can do retain
people now thinking to myself that's
pretty open-ended that is pretty
open-ended
looking all the anti anti bill gates
people I'm I'm fairly certain that that
all of the Bill Gates stuff well I don't
know I can't say 100% it depend it's
almost all so ridiculous that I don't
even know if you need to research it
it's in the clearly ridiculous category
of things because you have to start with
who is Bill Gates and yeah the only way
you could believe any of this stuff is
if you'd never see the you know
documentary you never read about him
never had his biography never read his
predictions so if you didn't know who
Bill Gates was those would be pretty you
know pretty reasonable conspiracy
theories but if you know who he is
they're all ridiculous alright are
people gonna hate me for liking Bill
Gates probably so here's the point where
you can check your prediction
awesomeness are you ready everyone said
well the news will report something with
enough certainty they you should stop
and say okay now that we know what the
situation is what did I predict it would
be and you should make a note of it
because you don't want to lose sight of
the fact that you were right if you're
right or that you were wrong because
that will teach you if you're good at
this or in what situations maybe you're
good at it so that your how orders get
better so what we found out last I'd say
two days is that there's a lot of
reporting that the the virus came from
the lab in Wuhan but was not intentional
and was not a bioweapon probably just a
natural virus that they study typically
in those labs and got it had that China
covered it up now who among you said
early on before we had I think he feels
confirmed at this point the quality of
the extent of the reporting the way the
United
is talking about it the way China acted
it looks like it's confirmed so how many
of you thought that it was a bio weapon
if you did I think you can mark that
wrong at least according to the best
reporting and according to the United
States right now some of you make linked
to that and say yeah it's not 100% wrong
yet but it's probably wrong now I
predicted from early on that it wasn't a
bio weapon so I think I got that part
right
how many of you said it came from the
wet market and not the lab because if
you said that you were wrong I think I
get partial credit because in the very
earliest days I said yes yes yes I hear
you that there's a lab nearby and yeah I
get it that that's pretty suspicious but
it's not outside of the kind of
coincidence that happens all the time so
it wasn't such a big coincidence
assuming that there really were bats
there which at the time we thought there
were bats but turns out maybe there were
no bats for sale at the Webb market but
what we thought there were bats into
what market well it was pretty
reasonable to think we have two
hypotheses something got out of a lab
yeah very possible or something got out
of that web market and there were some
you know wet bats they're also very
possible seem very possible so I was you
know I was saying hey keep an open mind
until you know we know a little bit more
but as of I don't know several days ago
so before this latest round of reporting
I had commented that when China reopened
the the wet markets that that was China
basically telling us that it wasn't the
wet markets because they wouldn't have
opened them if they thought that the
world would be you know looking at them
and oh my god those well
markets they would I don't think they
would have just reopened the very thing
that almost destroyed the world
so it was kind of almost a public
confession that it wasn't the web
markets because it's just it's hard to
hard to imagine they would have just
opened them up because it's not like
they contribute that much to each gonna
be overall so I had said that that was a
signal that definitely wasn't the web
markets so that left the obvious which
was something accidental from the lab so
I would say that I eventually eventually
got pretty close to what it looks like
is gonna be the answer so check your
predictions how many of you predicted
that Christine is texting me up the
order will be here in ten minutes so we
have 10 minutes before by door dashes
here so I wanted to talk to you about
models because I've been explaining this
social media until my face is blue and
this is the thing that people didn't
understand until maybe this month so I
used to do a lot of prediction models
for a living back to my banking days and
my phone company days that's what I did
so I would do these complicated many
variable models just on usually just on
down spreadsheets but adds lots of
variables and stuff so I learned
firsthand that they're never accurate
but sometimes you can find a range of
your risk so this is the thing that
people learn today if it's a complicated
model which is different than something
simple a simple model that could work if
you have a really simple model that says
oh every every year for the last thirty
years we went up five percent
so we predict next year will go up five
percent I mean if it's really simple
sure might work but as soon as you get a
bunch of variables such as we had with
the coronavirus and here's the fun part
we didn't know any of the variables
accurately and we knew we didn't know
them accurately so we were guessing
about the lethality
with allottee we were guessing about
which variables really you know made a
difference we thought that smoking made
it worse but maybe it makes it better we
thought it was something about I don't
know humidity intensity and something
you know age and then maybe it wasn't
the maybe it's in the blood so we had
these intense unknowns and then on top
of that nobody really knew how well we
would do social distancing nobody really
knew how well it would work this had
never been done in this scale no but
nobody really knew how well the master
work nobody really knew any of that so
here was this complicated model with I
don't know how many variables but had to
be at least dozens maybe hundreds and
here's the thing they didn't know any of
them it's not as if they had a few
assumptions but the rest of them were
you know pretty good estimates would
they don't know any of them and they do
they didn't know him because they knew
that you know the information was
evolving isn't even as they watched so
in the situation where you just are
guessing and most of the variables
because you can't really know them what
are the odds that it's gonna predict the
future zero it can't do that that's
another thing if he hit the future it
would only be an accident which could
happen I mean it could accidentally
predict the future but it couldn't do it
intentionally it's not for that and you
don't even use them for that they're
only for these things they can size your
risk so you try a bunch of variables and
you say well these variables are here
well that's not so bad
let's try it again these variables are
here now that's not too bad let's try a
little tweaking of the variables again
oh my god if I tweak those variables
this way it's the end of the world I
better run that again uh-oh there's a
whole bunch of situations that are the
end of the world that you could just
tweak different variables and get there
so that's how you use a complicated
model to size the risk it's not telling
you what the risk is it's not predicting
the risk you can't do that you can't
predict a future with that many
variables it's simply telling you it's
it's this big now here's the key part
that every
guess wrong if it's sizing it this big
and it turns out that it's just beyond
it was the model wrong
no that's the part everybody gets wrong
if it's just outside of that big range
that have said it's going to be almost
certainly in this range and it's just
outside which sixty thousand deaths is
really just outside of a hundred
thousand if you're looking at a hundred
thousand to a million or to that range
that's actually a bull's-eye
yeah it's about as good as you can do
and of course the models are used to
persuade because the scientists the
experts have a hard time communicating
so the because the complexity of what
they know can't really be communicated
so they need a simplified way to tell
the people who are not experts here it
is and here's how it usually goes in a
the exaggerated form the scientists will
say all right here's this model but I
have to tell you we have a lot of just
estimates there's so many variables I
mean it's you know there's just no way
to know what the actual answer is but it
was somewhere in this general area we
think this model sizes the risk so
that's what the expert says and the
expert tells let's say that you know a
low level person in the government
person the government takes the takes
the graph that came with all of that
hedging and takes it to his boss or her
boss and says we've got a problem here
leave this graph it looks like it looks
like you know some terrible it's gonna
happen and all the hedging will be gone
by then because as soon as the graph
gets into the wild all of the well we're
guessing on this it could be this we ran
a lot of models we had to throw ten
models out we think we feel pretty good
about this it turns out that a
complicated model is usually just the
expert opinion consensus hammered into a
model so that they can communicate it
but what they're communicating is just
the the bulk of all their testing and
things that are hard to explain it the
only way they can explain it and say
look at this pretty pink
hey hey let us see that graph goes up
you see goes up that's all you need to
know
look graph goes up goes up remember that
I don't want to overwhelm you so when
people got mad because they said hey we
thought those predictions were going to
be accurate or at least far more
accurate and now we're disappointed and
now all the experts are liars and idiots
to which I say well you only had
yourself to blame
and now that you know that complex
models of that type are not even
intended to predict the future they
don't have that it's not even an option
now that you know that you have advanced
to the next level so in this simulation
game your challenge was to understand
this and now that you do you may advance
to the next level experts with
complicated graphs are trying to
persuade you now that doesn't mean
they're wrong and it doesn't mean
they're dishonest it only means the only
way they can communicate their awesome
intelligence which could be right could
it be wrong but it's still awesome
intelligence the only way they can
communicate it is by lying with a little
graph and if you know what I mean
it's the only way you can get from here
to there so if you if you're if you feel
like you want to blame the experts for
lying to you give them a little credit
it's the only way they can communicate
with people who don't know what they
know haven't seen what they've seen
haven't haven't you know lived and
breathed the full you know scope of the
thing so they could be pretty sure that
there's a big problem ahead but they
might need a little bit of a lie a
little bit of a graph that's a little
too neat to sell it to the public so
once you know that you go to the next
level congratulations you've gone to the
next level and by the time we get out of
this coronavirus situation I expect you
will have advanced several levels up and
aware
in the simulation congratulations and
your reward will be an extra good
night's sleep tonight
when you're drifting off you're gonna
remember my voice and you're gonna
remember that I told you that it was
going to be a really good night's sleep
and as soon as you think that you're
gonna think wow it's like I'm just
sinking into the mattress I'm just
seeking into the pillow and you'll feel
momentarily heavy and then you'll just
boom right to sleep
have a great night