hey everybody come on in oh you know
what we're not taking questions because
I forgot to push the button that allows
me to take questions so this is gonna be
the world's shortest periscope but
probably the best yeah it's probably
going to be the best because on days
like this when you start them with a
simultaneous sip well what could go
wrong nothing nothing and all you need
for the simultaneous it is a cup or a
mug or a glass tank or chalice or Stein
in the canteen juggler flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
beverage I like coffee and joining me
now for the unparalleled pleasure of the
dopamine's it is the day the thing that
makes everything better these
simultaneous sip go mmm tastes like
Russian interference and by that I mean
spicy yeah so is it my imagination or
have Democrats just give it up
have they given up is there anybody in
the professional Democrat world who is
saying to themselves we've got that
president now with our strong candidates
and our policies and whatnot I'm not
sure anybody's saying that are they it
feels like maybe nobody's saying that so
just to keep things interesting what
would be the one thing you and want most
after Russia collusion and after the
Ukraine perfect letter what what kind of
story could be hatched in a situation in
which you realize that none of your
Democratic candidates have any chance of
whatsoever against the sitting president
who is crushing it and the longer they
compete against each other the more
obvious it is that whatever Trump does
is better case you're watching you're
watching the Democrats debate and you're
just thinking to yourself why are there
light bulbs so dim why are they so
relatively uninteresting what is wrong
with all these people and the answer is
while you're comparing them to Trump and
it's easy it's easy because of all the
controversy and stuff to forget just how
talented he is you know it's easy to
lose that because we're arguing about
other stuff but once you see talent to
talent you know what you do when you see
the Democrats debate you see them in
that in that pure political mode and you
compare that to what we've been watching
with Trump and it just it just
disappears in boring this all right so
what would you do if you were the
Democrat oriented ruling class or wanted
to be you're not ruling as much as you'd
like to but you'd like to be ruling what
would you do you would you'd have
another plot another conspiracy theory
all lined up right ready to go
but what if let me just put this out
here okay what if you'd made the
following mistake what if you had
hatched up a plan sort of a last resort
plan to get rid of President Trump but
you hatched it up before you knew that
Bernie Sanders was at a dominant
position in the Democratic primary
because you
if you knew that Bernie Sanders was the
likely candidate to match up with Trump
would you have hatched up the following
plot that goes like this if you followed
the news yesterday you know that the New
York Times broke another story
they've got leaks leakers I say leakers
who say who tell us that there were
let's save some briefers in the
intelligence community briefed members
of Congress including Adam Schiff yes
that Adam Schiff and he was briefed
among along with other members of
Congress but not the president he wasn't
in the room I think he found out about
it later and what the briefer said was
that Russia is added again oh yeah
they're at it again
and not only are they added again
they're hacking they're trying to do
stuff on social media again again say
our best and brightest completely
credible intelligence services they're
at it again
but here's the best part here's the best
part why are they at it again do you
know why Russia is hacking and using
social media and maybe trying to break
into the elections machines themselves
do you know why they're doing it well if
you don't then you're not in our
intelligence services because our
intelligence services have informed this
small group of Congress people that it's
because they'd like to see President
Trump get reelected now do you see the
problem yet because the people who
thought up this new conspiracy theory
they don't see the problem or they might
have held this one back do you see it
yet this was a plot that you come up
with before Bernie Sanders is the
alternative because the people trying to
sell you this plot you know this new
conspiracy theory the people trying to
sell this to you
they didn't realize that this was the
plot you have held back in case it's not
Bernie Sanders because if it looks like
it's probably Bernie and and certainly
you would sort of hold back in and wait
a little bit because it looks like it
probably is you would say to yourself
are we so sure that President Trump is
the best person that we would like we
Russians let's say would like in the
White House versus Bernie Sanders so the
the pranksters who bring us this latest
hoax they forgot something but the most
important part of the hoax is the why
why would they do it and they wouldn't
do it if Bernie Sanders is in this
commanding position or even looks like
he's you know in the top two you'd hold
back because is there anybody on this
periscope or any indeed anyone in the
world who doesn't believe that Russia
prefers Bernie Sanders as the president
of the United States are you are you
kidding me there's not any chance that
Russia prefers Trump over Bernie so you
can see that there's a mismatch between
this new fake news the conspiracy theory
and the obvious reality that Russia
would never make that choice it just
couldn't happen so and then so what does
President Trump do when he finds out
that his briefers his own intelligence
people have briefed Congress including
Adam Schiff sworn enemy to the president
and told him exactly what Adam Schiff
would want to hear more than anything
else let me tell you that when Adam
Schiff heard this I I think there was a
laundry problem is what I'm saying
I think the Adam Schiff was happier than
then a that a man should ever be
and he probably just said and I'm gonna
do an impression out of Adam Schiff
hearing the news from the intelligence
agencies Trump's own intelligence agency
that the Russians are interfering on
behalf of Trump here is my impression of
Adam Chef hearing that news well back to
work
time to a beach but it gets better what
did the president do he fired the head
of the intelligence agencies replaced
them with Grinnell ambassador from
Germany in a temporary way so it's a
temporary spot somebody else will
presumably be picked as the new head now
does that seem like that's just more
proof for chef proof I say that the
president must be liking this Russian
interference he must be trying to throw
the election - he must be working with
Putin because he fired the messenger the
messenger who came in and said that
Russia prefers you over Bernie Sanders I
would like to present to you now I want
act play in which the President of the
United States will be played by me he is
learning for the first time about this
news that our intelligence agencies say
that Russia is once again interfering on
his behalf gives being me because I'll
be playing the president
I'll also be playing the part of Dale
Dale will be informing me as the
president of this sad news mr. president
mr. president we have serious and dire
news it's very dark it's free it's very
solemn and it's very serious
and it seems that the Russians led by
Putin Putin you know him he's your best
friend
Putin is a rascal and a rapscallion and
it seems that they are up to their old
again and we have caught them red-handed
hacking away into our interpreting
machines and in trying to rake our
social media they're buying a heads yes
ads memes memes I say they're byte memes
and it's all designed to to help you get
reelected because Putin's your your best
friend Dale can you did I hear that
wrong well what am I missing here I'm a
little confused you said that Russia is
trying to help me get elected you said
help me get it reelected by doing the
worst thing that they could possibly do
in exactly the way they got caught last
time and therefore they know that we can
catch them so they're doing the worst
thing that they could possibly do is
that what you're telling me Dale the
worst thing they could do is try to help
me when I already have a commanding
position and I'm gonna win on my own and
they're probably going to be running
against a communist is that what you
tell me
democratic socialists not a communist
you know what I mean well yes so it's
quite obvious that Putin loves you and
he's trying to interfere on your behalf
it's QED very logical that's what I
would do KGB the deal that doesn't make
others make any sense that doesn't make
any sense at all but if if Putin wanted
to help me President Trump get reelected
the best thing he could do is nothing
don't you think he knows that or are you
suggesting that Putin has an IQ of what
65 well you bring up a good point we've
never studied this IQ but um it's
obvious that all Russians love Donald
Trump and Donald Trump loves all
Russians why are you such a traitor
Dale do you work for me I'm not sure
well you're fired get the hell out of my
office
I think I'm gonna look around and my
administration and see if I can find
anybody who can who can answer this
question this will be the test of your
IQ to see if you could be the head of
the US intelligence services one just
one question that give me an ambassador
any-any ambassador Grinnell he's fine
you know and ask him this question
ambassador Grinnell do you think that
Putin is trying to help President Trump
get reelected by doing the one most
obvious worst thing he could ever do to
get president Trump reelected but also
doing it in a way that virtually
guarantees being caught an ambassador to
Grinnell would sit back and say that
doesn't make any sense if Putin wanted
you to get reelected he would just stay
out of it because it looks like it's
heading that way well you got the job I
guess I guess now you're the head of all
of our intelligence agencies because it
wasn't one of those dumb who
could figure that out and and let me let
me say this you may know that I wrote a
book called loser think soap there in
the shelf it's a great book you should
get it it's available everywhere books
are sold and one of the points of that
book is that one example of loser think
that you see all the time is
mind-reading mind-reading and this is
one of those examples because apparently
there's some disagreement about what
Putin is wait for it there's some
disagreement about what Putin is
literally thinking
literally what he's thinking because
apparently somebody in the
administration the Trump administration
countered the idea that it's obvious
that Putin is interfering on behalf of
Trump and this person who is unnamed
says a quote a more reasonable
interpretation of the intelligence is
not that they have a preference meaning
a preference for Trump it's a step short
of that it's more that they understand
the president is someone they can work
with
he's a deal maker but not that they
prefer him over Bernie Sanders or people
to judge or anyone else so it may have
been mischaracterized by Shelby the
intelligence official now that is
literally a difference in mind-reading
now I think the Trump administration is
is making the the less mind-reading case
which is to say what we have is evidence
that they're doing stuff what we don't
have is knowledge of what they're
thinking right so since one of their
intentions is just a mess with our
system it's alleged so it's alleged
they're one of the things that Putin
wants to do is just make our system seem
less stable I would like to go on record
as saying maybe maybe that's true but it
doesn't make sense to me I mean I don't
I don't quite understand why they would
do that it just seems like a dumb thing
to do risk reward wise but anyway let's
say it is let's say they are doing that
but why why would they do that
when they don't even know for sure who
the other person running is anyway so it
doesn't make any sense so shift now has
a new cause I guess you'll probably want
to impeach again and this will be a big
story but it all comes down to this
interpretation
and I would say that a reasonable
interpretation is that they know that
they can work with Trump but he's got
some you know he's got a rough side
meaning he gave lethal aid to Ukraine
that's a pretty rough side right meaning
that he would take away all their
natural gas business if he has a chance
and he probably would make a chance to
do that so so Trump could cost them a
lot of money but Trump is an expensive
president but I think it is also true
that they think they can work with him
because they have so is that the same as
saying they prefer him over Bernie who
would probably let them do whatever they
wanted I don't think so I think Russia
would prefer Bernie wouldn't they
wouldn't you but in any kind of in any
case we can't read their mind and that's
the problem the president fired the head
of intelligence for mind-reading that's
actually what happened the president
fired the head of his Intelligence
Agency for essentially putting an
interpretation on Putin's inner thoughts
and it's not in evidence I would have
fired that person too right I mean
that's a fireable thing if you caused
this much trouble and and this trouble
is based on an assumption of what a
stranger is thinking and that assumption
doesn't even track with the obvious
facts the obvious facts that if Putin
were thinking I want Trump to get
elected he wouldn't be doing this this
is the last thing he'd be doing it's
literally the last thing if you made a
list of a hundred things all the things
that Putin would do from the from the
top thing he'd do to help get Trump get
elected to the bottom thing the bottom
thing the last thing he do was hack in
this ham-handed way or do these stupid
social media memes again and get caught
because I'm not going to make much
difference but you could get caught just
like last time so it's literally the
last thing you do unless he's got an IQ
of 65 all right
a or C has some competition
from a Democrat so CNBC anchor a former
CNBC anchor Michele Caruso Camaro is in
that district and she's looking to run
against AMC in this year's primary now
do you all recognize the name
do you recognize Michele Caruso Cabrera
if you do you just said to yourself huh
that's a fair fight maybe maybe more
than fair because Michele Caruso Cabrero
is not only a seasoned TV personality
who has a big following from CNBC days I
was fan and I met her I've met her on
set but I didn't know her personally and
I think she has all the tools because
she has the economics and finance
you know credentials and credibility
running against somebody who's got some
pretty aggressive socialist ideas and
the exact / and let me put it this way
if you were going to start with a blank
piece of paper and try to design a
candidate to run against a or C I think
it would be Michele Caruso Cabrera
because you'd want a woman so you don't
want somebody who's you know voting
because of the gender thing so you'd
want a woman you'd want somebody who
knows more about economics and somebody
who has as much or more media skill
that's sort of exactly what do you want
now imagine she'd be super
well-connected to people who could fund
her campaign because again she was on
CNBC it's the money Channel she probably
knows more billionaires than then a or C
does anyway just guessin I was going to
take questions but before you do that
one must push a button before going live
I failed to push that button
and therefore I cannot take questions
but I can take them in your text so let
me check something here all right let me
see your questions have you been eating
some good-quality yogurt well I've been
eating a lot of yogurt I don't know if
it's good quality but I was up much last
night in screaming pain again you know
I'll tell ya I've learned to hate
sleeping because every time I go to
sleep I wake up in a few hours and
screaming pain I don't know what it is
it's only a night next book project not
thinking about it yet well I'm thinking
about it yet but nothing to talk about
my story by using hypnosis to prevent
getting mugged yeah I've told that story
before but wow this is this isn't the
time for that
did I see rolls-royce and nuclear plants
well you know if you follow Mark Snyder
who you should on all the nuclear stuff
there's a whole bunch of stuff happening
and I get confused with the various
companies and technologies and stuff but
the nuclear energy field went from
winding down to suddenly one of the most
dynamic industries out there and a whole
bunch of exciting stuff is happening so
I think nuclear energy is just coming on
strong tips for testosterone in your 50s
somebody asked me well that is an
interesting question to ask me but I'll
tell you the obvious if you get the
right sleep and the right diet and
reduce your stress and drink water and
do all the normal things your
testosterone will be fine and lifting is
good so if you if you've got a good
fitness plan including lifting and
you're sleeping and eating right you're
not drinking a lot of alcohol
that's what you need it's also good to
win is there an economic benefit to
society in the co2 removal industry you
know what I'm gonna predict you know
there's there's something that might
happen that's that's kind of dangerous
because I've mocked people who say that
if we build these big machines that suck
the co2 and at the atmosphere then if we
were too good at it
the people fear then we would take too
much out and the plants would die and I
laugh and say now if the only point of
building these things the only point of
it is to get rid of the co2 to bring
down the temperature then when when
you've done that you'll turn them down
and we're chopping them off and so I've
always laughed at that but there's one
scenario in which they don't get turned
off and then we all die and it goes like
this
and you can see it developing some of
the companies that can suck the co2 out
of the air and this is already thing
number you know it's not hard to suck it
out of the air but then what do you do
with it it's the what do you do with it
part they get the worth people get
creative and apparently there's a lot of
chemistry that can be applied to it to
to change the situation now what happens
if somebody breaks the code and makes
one of these devices that sucks co2 out
of the air and concerned it into a
product that you could sell for more
than the cost of running the machine
because we're right on the cusp of that
meaning that we already can take stuff
out of the air and we can already turn
it into I think some of the things are
plastics or jet fuel I think those are a
couple of things so there might be other
things coming down the pike so what
happens if people start buying their own
co2 mining machines I'm gonna call them
mining because they would literally be
mining the co2 out of the air and then
turning it into a sellable item what
would happen if we could someday to pull
the co2 out of the air
put it through a chemical process and
make it and make it the what would you
call it the materials for a 3d printer
so that you could pull stuff out of the
air and then print any home goods with
it you could make your dishes by sucking
co2 out of the air and just say okay
make me a dish there's a new dish so
that can be dangerous because then you
would have to get everybody to turn off
their machines and how do you even know
who has one anyway I can tell I'm losing
my audience and I should because there's
not much else going on today so he says
North Korea is being devastated by
coronavirus but we would never know you
know that could easily turn it into the
biggest story couldn't it
you know if North Korea because are they
gonna let anybody in to help because if
they don't I don't know what the heck
they're gonna do
yeah North Korea could be in a world of
hurt over there I did see the first
story of somebody who I believe is not
who is neither ethnically Chinese or
Asian who died of the corona virus I
think it was somebody in Iran it was 40
years old so they weren't immune immuno
compromised and they weren't Chinese so
it looks like the the virus can you know
can jump and affect other people we
don't know at what rate because that can
also be a one-off you don't know yeah
yeah Iran has no break right now
any cou indictments at all I'm thinking
no you know I'd love to think that there
would be some indictments for the all
the essentially the coup attempt against
the president but I just don't think
it's going to happen you know logically
if you connected all the dots you would
say to yourself well these people did X
and X is against the law and we caught
them and so logically connect the dots
they'll be indicted but I just don't
there's just something about it that
makes me think I don't think so I don't
think so all right
Taliban peace deal I don't think there's
going to be a Taliban peace deal that
works necessarily but I'm not sure we
care do we do we care because there's
nothing we can do over there to make it
better so we might as well not spend
money I mean I think at this point it's
just a budget question you know and
reducing our exposure as targets is of
course even higher higher priority but I
think we're in heading in the right
direction here somebody's asking me
about the photo that I tweeted so I
tweeted yesterday a photo of me flexing
a gigantic arm so I had one arm that's
that's big and one arm is small now the
small arm was holding the camera and the
big arm was you know it forward
you know flexing and and I thought it
was a deep fake arm I just wanted to see
what people would say because here's the
joke it wasn't it wasn't photoshopped it
was my actual arm but because of the
just the angle just holding my arm in
front of my body to flex it made it look
unusually large so so it was a fake
picture but I didn't I didn't use
Photoshop all I did was take advantage
of the fact that what's closer to the
camera looks bigger so it
it was just a fun illusion but it's
that's my actual arm but it's it's not
that size yeah it's just a perspective
thing all right do I own any gold no
I've never owned gold sometimes I get
tempted but I don't know there's just
something so irrational about gold that
I can't my rational mind can't be
irrational enough to act rationally and
diversify with gold I I just have some
kind of rational barrier there New York
Times headlines we need to let the
elites decide who governs the US well
whatever we're doing now is it's feeling
kind of random what are my thoughts on
Elon Omar's brother marriage scandal
don't care don't care at all so I try to
become I try to be consistent you know
if I don't care about stormy Daniels and
I didn't care about Monica Lewinsky I'm
not gonna care about you lon Omar's
personal life now if any laws were
broken
let the course figure that out you know
if the court decides that there's some
something that shouldn't have happened
well you know that's why we have Louis
I'm just not just not too engaged in
that personal stuff
preferred yeah you know I see some
questions about cannabis I will tell you
that it's the only thing that stops my
pain so if I be if I may be blunt the
reason I've been a little a little out
of it in the morning is that literally
the only thing that stops the pain and
it's it's it's a really bad pain it
lasts a long time but there's only one
thing that will stop it and it stops it
right away will the summer or Tokyo
Olympics happen oh that's a good
question I would say that's a that's
probably a 50/50 proposition after Trump
both sides will compete for their
citizens you know does that feel to you
that one of the things that Trump is
doing right with the the black vote is
there there's a rule in sales that one
of the things you have to do is directly
ask ask for the sale it sounds kind of
weird and obvious but when people sell
they often forget to ask somebody to buy
so they'll just be describing their
product but at some point you have to
say you know would you like to purchase
this can I write up an order you know is
this the one you want you need to you
need to you know close the sale I'm
sorry why did all of your all of your
comments suddenly went to that alright
what was I even talking about I'm glad I
don't get embarrassed anymore oh let's
talk about the Bernie and I'll get back
to whatever that held I was talking
about before so Bernie Sanders has an ad
in which there's a I wish I knew his
name or I'm guessing he might be some
kind of a pastor or something but
there's a a large african-american man
who is the most incredible orator who's
talking on behalf of Bernie and they
interposed over the the guy's oration
you have various inspirational images
and stuff and wow it was really good it
was really good and I thought to myself
oh oh that's a little too good now if
this had been not primarily based on the
talent of this one speaker who I wish I
knew his name because he's amazing well
I was suddenly saying it's killer Mike
who is killer Mike people are telling me
that says I guess that's his his name is
killer Mike but I don't know what he is
or is he he's a rapper are you kidding
me my goodness he's good huh well I'm
very impressed so I'm gonna actually
look into a little bit more him because
you know he was talking it was on behalf
of Bernie but by the time he was done I
was thinking to myself what can I vote
for that guy I'll vote for the I'll vote
for the guy who was talking that guy's
great so I use an activist and rapper
well he's good at both apparently so
here's what that commercial was somewhat
easy to make in the sense that you had
this great oration and then they just
put pictures to it so it was a little
bit yeah they were starting with
something that was pre-made and and
known to be good so that doesn't tell
you that there's some expertise that has
been added such as Godzilla now you know
who I mean by Godzilla if you read my
book win big Lee it's a nickname I gave
to shel Dini the I would say the Oh
probably the world's most famous
influencer who I believe worked for
Hillary Clinton and he's I know he and
some others influencers worked for Obama
so if there are some Democrat experts on
influence you would expect that they
would look they would look to join
whichever team emerges from the
primaries if there are people who
believe that it's Bernie and it's
already obvious that it's going to be
birdie
you'd expect that they would have
sometime around now the professional
influencers would have said it you know
a I'll be your advisor and those are the
influencers who would make your your
memes and your tweets and your your ads
go to a whole new level
but Bernie's ad is already at that level
I mean that was a trump like super
powerful ad but like I say it might not
be the product of the highest level
expertise because it was really based on
just that one for Asian and if you had
that it would have been obvious what to
do with it so we don't we don't yet have
signs that Bernie has a Godzilla level
talent working for him but I would
expect one to join I would expect there
Bernie's persuasion you're gonna see a
step jump if he if he gets to the point
where everybody just says yeah it's
obviously gonna be Bernie at that point
watch his persuasion just take a leap it
would be because the experts got
involved once they knew who really to
back all right I'm gonna go do something
else you know we'll talk to you later