fun
today whether you like it or
[Music]
not good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
I think it'll be the best time you've
ever had in your life but if you'd like
to take it up to level that nobody can
even understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need for that is a
cuper mug or glass a tanker cheler Stein
a canteen suger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine h of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens now
go oh now if you haven't the
simultaneous sip it is a replacement for
human touch it will get your oxytocin
going that's part of the magic because
you can feel the connection now it's not
as good as hugging somebody cute but it
was better than
nothing speaking of better than nothing
wouldn't you like the 2025 dilver
calendar which is now available for sale
made 100% in America for the first time
you might hear this from me a few more
times because you know it's a long time
till Christmas if you know what I mean
but if you want the link the one and
only place you can buy it is go to
dilbert.com and you'll find the link to
it it's right at the
top it is not available on Amazon
because there was no affordable way to
do that and also Make It in America they
take a lot of it it turns out so and
this time it's a double calendar there's
a There's a comic on the front and the
back so you can see the the secretive
only available by subscription
normally dber reborn Comics those are
the edgy ones all
right let's talk about some science
there's a report that there's a a
gravity defying scientific breakthrough
there's a plasma physicist Dr John
brandenberg he says they have
successfully in the laboratory
demonstrated gravity modification using
electromag magnetic fields to which I
say
nah do you do you ever read a science a
story about science and you just look at
it and go I don't know what's true but
nah no I don't I don't think that they
found a technology that's
anti-gravity now what they might have
found is if you use a tremendous amount
of electricity you can do something that
makes something look like anti-gravity
but it has no use whatsoever because it
takes a lot of energy it's it's going to
be one of those well did I say
anti-gravity what I meant was in the in
the laboratory you can do a thing that
you could never use in the real world so
I'm not making any claims based on any
knowledge whatsoever it'd be awesome if
they'd actually figured out how to how
to solve
gravity but I'm going to say that if I
if I were forced to make a bet sobody
put you know gun
and so you have to bet you have to bet
whether this is going to be an
anti-gravity device that makes
everything easier or it's interesting in
the lab but can't really be used in the
real world in any practical way I think
I'd bet that it would not be useful in
the real
world don't get too excited about your
anti-gravity device
coming did you know according to s poost
that spending time in nature can
increase how much we see others as fully
human well that's interesting now we
knew that going in into nature is good
for you in a whole variety of ways for
your health and your mental well-being
but apparently it makes you feel like
you're connected to other
people which made me instantly
wonder if looking at a screen makes you
feel like you're God did you ever have
that thought and so I kind of understand
this uh when I'm done with my live
stream in the morning and you know I get
get ready for my day usually the first
thing I do is take my dog to the park
and the dog doesn't do much just sniffs
the grass and I stand there while she
sniffs it but I am so addicted to the
physical and mental feeling I get for
what is really maybe 20 minutes just
standing in a nice place Outdoors you
know with nice trees and grass around
it is so obviously good for me like when
I miss it for a day if something comes
up I really feel it so I could not be
more enthusiastic about make sure you go
out before noon this is the the Andrew
huberman thing go out before noon and
just stand there for a few minutes in in
some nice
treelined grassy place you'll be amazed
how how different it feels but it does
make me wonder if I'm looking at a
screen which I do all day when I'm
indoors does that make me feel like I'm
not connected that people people are
little things on
screens and you you start to think that
you're not really connected to them
they're just images on the screen and
then when you walk outside you realize
oh wait I'm the image on the
screen n nature is the screen and I'm
just a thing on it and then you feel
connected to everything so I don't
believe that this kind of science is
necessarily reproducible or accurate but
it fits
observation I I do feel like I'm more
connected to the world after I go into
nature you might
too well there's yet another study this
will sound like a story I've told before
because they all start like this the
details are different but they all start
with there's a new study that says the
correlation between
CO2 and Atmospheric temperature is not a
real correlation well it's a correlation
it's just not causation so there's
another one from climate Depot canth
Richard so they did another study and
said that the main factor governing the
increase in
CO2 is the ocean
temperature so rather than CO2 causing
the temperature to go up uh the
temperature causes the ocean to release
more CO2
so so basically there have been multiple
studies recently showing that the
correlation between CO2 and temperature
isn't as strong as a bunch of other
correlations you know one one was about
the Sun and one now with this one about
the temperature of the uh the water but
I'm going to I'm going to lump all these
together into one larger
point you ready for it one larger Point
that's sort of above all of these
studies that can't find the correlations
and they disagree with what's correlated
with what and well you is CO2 driving
something here's the overarching
point humans can't measure the
temperature of the
earth that that's never been a thing and
it probably never will
be it's way too hard have you met humans
now again I'm not questioning the
accuracy of a device so if there's a
device that's me measuring some
temperature it's probably reasonably
good and we may have lots of those
devices and lots of places but we don't
have them in enough places and we don't
have humans who can accurately collect
them and we can't be sure that there
isn't a heat island we can't be sure
that something hasn't changed with the
device since we put it in we can't
really compare it to the devices we used
to use and say well it's all the same as
if they were the same device no humans
can't measure the temperature of the
world
not even there there's not the slightest
chance the humans can measure the
temperature of the Earth on average and
then predict it into the future you
don't need to know anything about
science it's not even a science
question it's really just a complexity
thing if you put humans into a Jesus a
complexity
situation
wow uh okay I just saw a funny meme all
right so who knows about I I'm not
saying you should believe the new
studies that are trying to debunk
climate change I'm just saying that
science is just a pretty sketchy domain
in general and we were taught to worship
it but that was always uh brainwashing
it was never based on what was real well
here's some good news the US nuclear
regulatory agency just approved their
first Generation
4 nuclear
reactor now if you've been with me since
oh 2016 or so how many times have I said
you know the future is these Generation
4 nuclear reactors the current
generation is Generation 3 if you were
to build one with the standard
technology Generation
3 is still capable of melting down now
as Michael shellenberger will teach you
none of them have there there's never
been a meltdown of a generation three
did you know that did you know that the
current technology if you were going to
build a a power plant with the let's say
the established technology not one of
them has ever melted down it's all the
pre prior versions that melted down you
know the the Fukushima and the you know
basically anything that melted down was
a prior generation now that doesn't mean
that you could never have a generation 3
meltdown but it's never happened and
there are quite a few of them so
generation four takes the risk of
meltdown completely out of the equation
so it's built so that even if everything
went wrong it just turns
off so that's not what the current
design is the current design is if you
don't have electricity you can't run the
cooling the water cooling and if you're
not running the water cooling it melts
down so basically you need an external
energy source in case there's a power
failure that's a big
deal but the new ones if the power goes
off it just turns off there's like no
risk of meltdown at all so it's the
first one ever approved and they're
going to start building this darn thing
and uh let me give the Biden Harris
Administration
Credit Now to be
fair this is a continuation from the
Trump policies
that I also give credit to somebody's
going to be the president when you get
one of these built right so I mean you
could EAS you could also imagine that
two presidents from now this will go
online you know might even be after the
next president and that President will
say look what I
did and I will say yes you did you know
your your policies were compatible with
this coming online but so was the last
president and so was the president
before that
so it turns out that nuclear power is
the most unifying thing in the United
States it it is one thing that the
smartest Democrats and the smartest
Republicans agree on
100% there's no disagreement among the
smarter people now there's a whole
there's a whole layer of citizens who
are not up to dat and they don't know
the actual risk they don't know that
we've solved the nuclear waste Problem
by just storing it on site it's
basically
solved and nobody's really got a problem
with it it's
solved so if you're not up to date
you're still with the you know
1970s scare scare brainwashing then you
think it's a bad idea but this is one of
the very few things where I will give
full credit full credit no restrictions
to the Biden Harris uh
Administration but also Equal Credit to
the Trump Administration that got him to
that Point as well it's the one thing
that I have no complaints about I do
think the government is doing all the
right stuff they're trying to remove the
the regulations that were too burdensome
building the right kind of models
funding it uh they built a test
bed it's all good stuff all right uh
other good stuff is that the xplatform
is coming to a TV near you I saw just a
demo online and I have to admit it looks
like it's going to be a little bit of
addictive so if you haven't done this
already on the xplatform if you're
looking at one video you can just scroll
from that video to whatever is the next
video I don't know how it gets served up
but once you get in that Loop of just
going from a quick video to a quick
video One topic to the other usually
stuff you care about because the
algorithm does that it is really sticky
I'm completely addicted to reels and and
uh you know all these little short form
so yeah put that on a TV and I'll be
interested I don't know the details of
which TVs will have them maybe it's just
new smart TVs with a built-in feature
can I ever get this on Apple TV will it
ever be
available on anything except a brand new
smart TV I don't know so I don't know
the answer to that
question Wall Street Journal says
teachers are burning out on the job
biggest problems are student behavior
and their mental health and their cell
kids using cell phones and you know the
pay isn't high enough and the kids are
cheating using AI but the biggest one by
far is the student behavior problems and
I said to myself how could you possibly
have a classroom of 20 kids raised by 20
different parents in
2024 that's really a helpless
situation now I do not approve of
violence
so let me say that first but let me just
describe something when I grew up all
the kids were raised the
same if you got in a line too far
somebody hit you they hit you you'd get
hit like in one way you could get
punched you might get hit with a a blunt
object you might get you know spanked
depending on what age you are but you
would get physically abused if you got
that line now I'm not I'm not in favor
of that I'm not in favor of that I'm
describing it I'm simply describing it
but what it did have is this one feature
as a system as a system it created 20
people who would go sit in a room and
when the teacher said you better do this
or you're in trouble all 20 of us knew
that we would get this beat out of
us if we didn't do this
thing like physical Danger
now it wouldn't necessarily be the
teacher it might be your parents when
you got home not every parent of course
um but sometimes it was actually the
teacher in the school I went to the
teachers would actually beat up the kids
or spank them or pull down their pants
and paddle them in front of the class I
mean just grotesque
stuff so I'm not in favor of it I'm just
saying it it caused the system to work
because the teacher could scare the kids
with physical violence
W without ever saying anything about
physical violence it was always implied
but now it's
not how in the world could you control
20 kids raised in 20 different
systems it doesn't seem even doable on
paper if I wrote If I wrote this down as
a system all right I got an idea
everybody we're g to have all the kids
come to one place and then we'll have
this one poor
bastard uh try to control them but
they'll all be raised in different
systems with different incentives and
different risk rewards so that nothing
the teacher says will connect with the
kid as something they really need to
do if you just wrote that system down
and said we're this is what we're going
to do nobody would say that was a good
idea but it was when I was a kid it was
totally workable system but was also
based on some violence so you can't
recommend
it here's what I think is the likely um
future is it's clear that AI will be
part of the teaching process it won't be
all of it but it'll be part of it I
think what you're can have is much
smaller
classes like groups of four to six
people that were raised similarly enough
or they're similar enough to each other
that you don't have to work too hard to
get their obedience to listen to the
class so the first thing you do is make
the AI part of it so that people are
interested that's the first part make
them interested
and the second part is make sure you
don't put all the like a bad person with
some people who are willing to listen
but then if you have a half a dozen
people who never listen to anything
there might be a way to control them
differently then you would control the
other group I don't know what it would
be uh bribery or threats or something
but I think smaller classes are in
necessity of the future because kids are
too hard to control in a number if you
have 20 kids there's just nothing you
can do in the modern world smaller
classes that's what I say well there's a
indication that speaker
Johnson might uh combine the next
spending bill which would be required
for running the country um even though
it's a short-term one um might combine
that with the uh the voter uh there's a
voter what do you call it security
Integrity an election Integrity thing
which basically would require the states
to make sure that only citizens are
voting so they would have to make sure
only citizens are voting now who would
be against that I mean who in the world
would be opposed to making sure that
only citizens
voted Democrats Democrats why would they
be opposed to
that for the obvious reason they think
there's not really a second reason well
I can't even pretend there are two sides
to this
Lots you know you've watched me and
maybe sometimes much to your uh
displeasure I often try to steal man the
other side and say look you need to
understand what the other argument is
otherwise you're just being absurd I
mean you can still be right but if you
don't even understand what the other
argument is you're you're just living
some absurd existence you got to
understand the other side
so what's the other side there really
isn't another side on this one this one
is one side's trying to get away with
something that's cheating in my opinion
and the other side is trying to stop it
I don't see anything else happening here
there's no second argument to this but
still they're trying so good good job
speaker Johnson if you get away with
this I don't know if this is confirmed
and we don't know if it'll work uh I
would expect that the Democrats would
prefer um not funding the
government so I believe I believe
literally that the that the Democrats
would say you know what it would be
better just to not even fund the
government just close the whole thing
down because we need the
cheat we we need the illegal votes I
think they'll choose closing the
government and then we're going to watch
it we're going to watch it like we don't
understand what's happening what why why
are they closing the government over
just making sure the Voting is done
appropriately there's one reason and
we're probably going to be staring right
at
it all
right you might remember that back in
probably was 2016 or
so um I started seeing that with the
Hillary Clinton campaign that it was
becoming a boy versus a girl's politics
and that the Democrats would
increasingly become the party of women
and that the Republicans would
increasingly become the party of men and
now there's an article in axios that uh
that's exactly what happened and uh they
they actually say it's going to be the
boys against the girls and Harris has a
13-point lead among women and Trump has
a um what says it only has a fivepoint
Advantage among
men how's that
possible that doesn't sound right I I
think the actual fact is that uh Trump
has a bigger Advantage with men and um
haris has a bigger Advantage with women
but here's my question
for you
historians has there ever been a
successful civilization in the long run
there was a
matriarchy um the iroy nation was a
patriarchy there there were a lot of
male Chiefs but the male Chiefs would be
sub um subordinate to the the the
females who were running the
operation but has there ever been a
country that was clearly identified as a
matriarchy and became a world power
because China is not a matriarchy is
it Russia is not a matriarchy is it
um but there are some countries that are
leaning in that
direction are they
not and I'm wondering what what is the
country that became a matriarchy and
then everything went well after
that is there one because the US is has
a decision about whether to be we should
be a matriarchy or a patriarchy now you
could say but the patriarchy starts Wars
and does all that yeah yeah it does I
don't like that at all so I'm not going
to make a claim that everything about
the patriarchy is better than everything
about the matriarchy that would be
ridiculous but if you could find
somebody who would run a patriarchy who
is unambiguously opposed to
war well now you're talking now you're
talking give me the patriarchy that's
unambiguously opposed to war but is
willing to absolutely destroy anybody
who wants to with us I'll take that
I'll take that all day long and that's
Trump trump is unambiguously opposed to
war there's no doubt about that I mean I
don't even I don't even think I don't
even think his opponents disagree with
that statement they're worried that he
would end Wars they're worried he might
end the Ukrainian war in a in a way they
don't like I
guess so he's unambiguously anti-war but
he's also the scariest most
unpredictable one that the uh the other
countries are very clearly worried about
because he will drop a mother of all
bomb on you if necessary I mean the
ultimate patriarchy is you know dad's
coming home but that doesn't mean he's
going to beat you with a belt if he
didn't do anything
wrong it just means if there's a big
problem dad's home it doesn't mean he's
going to create one
so I wonder you know it makes me wonder
if you had a
poll that said uh all things being equal
if the United States could become a
patriarchy or a
matriarchy which would be better for
success in the long run what would
people
say I think Democrats would actually go
for the
matriarchy I don't know that but I think
by at least a majority like over 50% %
of Democrats would say you know what
it's time for a
matriarchy I think Republicans would be
8020 or 9010 against
it so I would just be so
curious
uh yeah okay I'm just looking at a meme
but I'm going to skip that all right so
the boys versus the
girls uh I've I've told you this before
but the uh the political talk about who
flip-flopped I wonder if anybody's
everever changed their
vote because they found out a candidate
flip-flopped that might be the weakest
persuasion the the whole hypocrisy thing
and the flip-flopping I don't think that
moves any votes because it's it's sort
of
conceptual and people care what you
think
today like do you care that Trump used
to be a Democrat is there even one
Republican who's going to vote against
him because he used to be a Democrat
because that's like a
flip-flop right no no
so uh I was listening to uh who was it
Whitmer Governor
Whitmer talking about Trump and listen
to this flip-flop accusation quote uh he
has praised his appointments to the US
Supreme Court he was happy when Rover
Wade fell but here's the flip-flop she
says now now he's trying to pretend he
wants longer than 6 weeks before an
abortion even though he's flip-flopped
even on that you cannot trust them when
it comes to Women's Health to which I
say okay the question of which part of
the government decides on the
laws is not related to his personal
opinion that it should be at least six
weeks or longer those aren't even the
same topic you can't flip-flop on topics
that aren't the same topic just because
it's generally in that same category as
abortion no who makes the decision is
completely different than what the
decision
is and and to make everything sound like
a flip-flop or an inconsistency it just
has no persuasive power at all so it's
it's it's just something people want to
say on TV basically it's TV fodder it's
not anything beyond that well according
to uh let's see a report
from I forget who says this might have
been the Wall Street Journal or axios uh
I forget but it says that uh there are
lots of Chinese
trolls getting involved in the
election but interestingly the
accusation is that the Chinese trolls
are not taking sides so they're not prot
Trump or anti-trump or Pro haris or
anti-h haris they're just sort of saying
whatever gets us fighting so the more
about stirring up
divisiveness um here's my take on this
story complete
 I I don't think there are any
Chinese trolls of any circumstance
remember when the Government tried to
tell us in the news tried to tell us
there were Russian trolls in 2016 that
affected the
election and they kept reporting it and
Reporting it and I kept saying well but
can you show me some of those tweets at
the time I I'd like to see those memes
that affected the election because if
Russia knows how to affect an election
with memes and trolling well that's
something I want to learn I want to
figure out how did they figure out how
to do that and then when we were finally
shown what it was that the Russians did
with that one little troll Farm there
were these memes that looked like his
sixth grader made them with no
understanding of how anything Works they
couldn't have possibly in in your
wildest imagination they could not have
changed anybody's vote and they too were
sometimes anti- Hillary sometimes
anti-trump and I'm going to say that
this is the same thing I do not believe
that China has an effective effective is
the key word here trolling operation in
the United States for the
elections do you do you think do you
think that you've seen something that
looks like Chinese trolling that's
changing
anything I don't now it could be that
the Alor ithm is on X is improved so
maybe it's a problem on Tik Tok and so I
don't see it but I don't really see
anything that looks like that and I'm
going to go even further remember I
complained that I was definitely getting
trolled every time I would do a post
about politics the first or maybe
sometimes the second comment would
always be the paid troll just obviously
a professional paid Troll And I
recognize them because in 2016 I was one
of the people that they just
continuously pestered and they were
later confirmed to be David Brock paid
trolls so I wasn't guessing it was it's
all been confirmed by the news they were
paid Democrat trolls they were
definitely on me all the time but that
stopped and it was just this one troll
that would come in every time it wasn't
the same troll it was a different troll
but they acted the same they were all
they're all obviously paid but here's
the
thing they just went away it just
stopped so whoever was giving the order
that I'm on the list of people to troll
either they rescinded the order or they
stopped getting
funded or the xplatform got better at
weeding them out so I don't see
them I don't know which happened but
it's quite obvious that I stopped
getting trolled there are still people
who disagree with me but you know there
often they show their identity and
they're obviously not trolls so I've got
a little mystery what happened to my
trolls and I don't believe at all that
there's an effective Chinese trolling
operation I do believe there might be
some Chinese Trolls but if you're
telling me that you know president XI
has ordered a effective trolling
campaign in the United States I don't
think so it doesn't look like it to me I
mean I would have seen one of them
so maybe someone else is getting trolled
so I'm not going to say there's no
chance it's
true I'm just going to say when
observation doesn't match
reporting you should put up a big
skeptical question mark until you know
more so that's where I'm at Big
skeptical question
mark maybe but it's
possible all
right let's say you wanted a peaceful
transer of power in this next election
it's the thing the Democrats say they
want the most well I've got an idea for
how to improve the uh odds of a peaceful
transfer of power no matter who wins no
matter who
wins and at least a million people have
agreed with me so
far yes so I'm going to repeat a
suggestion I had from yesterday because
when I posted it on social media it got
a million views
which by the way is not that common a
million views now I do have a million
subscribers or followers on X but
typically one of my posts would
get 25,000 views that would be sort of
normal so to get a million means you
really H you hadit a nerve all right so
this is why you had a nerve with enough
people that a million people viewed it
um so you heard this idea yesterday
suppose Trump asks Harris to join him in
announcing that no matter who wins the
presidency all claims of election fraud
by either party will be vigorously
pursued and and prosecuted to the full
extent of the
law now the idea here is if if Harris
and the Democrats said no we don't want
to threaten people with prosecution for
rigging an election well it would kind
of look like they were in favor of
rigging an election so that's no good
but it at least clarify things and if
she
accepted um that would be good for
everybody because it would put a fear in
any potential cheaters so you want the
cheaters to think that their personal
risk of jail is higher than they think
it is you know hypothetically should
they exist you want to think that their
their risk is higher than they think it
is right now and you combine that with
large whistleblower
Awards so if you got lots of threats the
threats are coming from both sides
Democrats and Republicans they're just
raising the the threat level in your
mind uh if not in reality and the
whistleblowers are there so that you
know you know your cohort is going to
your cooworker is going to turn you in
that's a pretty good place to
be however I'm going to add a new
wrinkle to
it this is the price for a peaceful
transfer of power
if you give me a president Harris who
says look here's the deal I know there
have been accusations of rigging we
can't have that I will join with
President Trump in telling you that if
anybody rigs this thing we're gonna hunt
you down and put you in freaking jail I
don't care if you're a Democrat I don't
care if you I don't care if you rigged
it in favor of me we're going to hunt
you down because that that can't be the
case now now you give me that and I can
guarantee you a peaceful transfer of
power would you
agree if you tell me that the Democrats
really really are serious about getting
rid of election
cheating I will also guarantee that
there will be no crowd at the capital if
Trump
loses but you got to sell it you you got
to you got to make me think you mean it
and you got to make sure that you're
actually looking for those bad guys if
they exist right they're going to be
claims of it no matter what so you've
got to really be serious about it here's
what I'd
love to pick an independent uh group to
investigate election claims even before
the
election now suppose Harris came out and
said look Donald Trump you you know we
want to make sure that everybody thinks
the election was good will you join with
me in picking a bipartisan group that
will definitely look into every claim
and they'll do it right away you know
with full authorization maybe I can get
Biden to agree with this and uh and
we're going to make sure that we put
maximum legal legal legal attention on
stopping cheating will that be enough
for you president Trump to guarantee
that there will not be any riot at the
capital well Trump would probably not
guarantee anything because that's a bad
idea just guaranteeing anything is a bad
idea it's just bad strategy so we might
not do it but I can imagine I would be
completely
satisfied if they sold to me that they
were serious about ending cheating I'll
I'll take I'll take the uh I'll take the
result as a result short of
that it looks like you're trying to
cheat so if you're doing everything you
can to look like you're trying to cheat
as in resisting asking for ID and
resisting the idea that illegal should
not vote and letting people in the
country and giving them ballots and
registering them with your NOS if you're
doing that stuff you're really asking
for uh a little bit of trespassing in
the capital if you're going to beg for a
revolution I don't think you should
complain about getting one and right now
they're begging for it they're doing
everything that would decrease your
confidence in the result so if you want
to go the other way and increase my
confidence
result I can largely
guarantee that Republicans will be
swayed by that but it's got to be
serious it's got to be real and I don't
see any movement in that direction at
all anyway here's a update on the Trump
pirate ship as I call it the group of
people who you would not expect to be
all in the same ship and maybe people
who don't always conform to the expected
Norms I call them Pirates because it's
fun not because they're dangerous
they're just fun fun
Pirates and uh Trump was reported
looking at uh putting Elon Musk in
charge of what they're calling auditing
federal agencies to look for things to
cut and Elon Musk said about that report
quote I can't wait uh there's a lot of
waste and needless regulations in
government that needs to
go it it looks like this is real
uh apparently both Trump and Elon Musk
are completely on board if Trump gets
elected that musk will get the look at
where you can just cut
stuff this is probably the best thing
that's happening anywhere about
anything because in in my
view let me tell you something from the
business world so in the 90s or so there
was this idea that business should be
re-engineered not tweaked now what that
meant was instead of you know
continuously improving things the way
they are sometimes the world has changed
so much or your company has drifted so
much you know without your intention
that you really have to almost treat it
like you're starting over so the idea of
re-engineering was not just tweaking
what you have but saying okay what if we
didn't have anything and we had a chance
to build the thing what would it look
like so that's reengineering that's
rethinking it from the ground up if you
needed to do that to our government and
I would argue that's exactly what we do
need what skill needs to be brought to
it do you need a
lawyer
nope do you need a
historian
nope do you need a a finance person
because it's going to be about money
nope there is one skill that you need
and it's
engineering because it's literally
re-engineering because the government
can be thought of as a machine it's got
moving Parts this part has too many
moving Parts maybe we could do this with
three moving Parts instead of 100 this
one is an unnecessary feature it's
causing us trouble why don't we just
remove the feature it's an engineering
task just just consider this thought for
a
moment if you're not feeling enough
optimism lately just just hold this in
your mind
the biggest risk to America is that we
don't re-engineer and that we just keep
tweaking things and that we become
bloated and Divi divided and overspend
and just kill ourselves with with just
drifting in One Direction it is our
biggest
risk it and I could argue it's what
destroyed almost every civilization in
the past unless it was a natural
disaster that they needed to stop doing
what they were doing and do a whole do
thing or else they're going to they're
all going to die we're in that situation
we're in the existential risk our
current system will kill us all really
like actually really if we just keep
doing what we're doing we will die we
will all be dead and the only way to fix
it is to somewhat radically change how
we operate as a country in other words
replace the machine but you need to keep
the Constitution you just want to keep
the Machinery right so you want to keep
the rules of the road so you don't want
to change the fact that you know
Vehicles need to go under the speed
limit and stay on the road and stuff
that's like the Constitution but the car
itself needs to be completely redesigned
now if I said to you pick the one person
on the entire
planet that you would want to
re-engineer anything whether it's a
government or a car or a
spaceship it's it's musk it's musk all
day long all day
long you try to give me the second best
person for
that good luck who's the second best
person for that job you can't even come
up with
one you're my you you know you can think
of lots of smart people but you can't
think of anybody smart enough who would
be willing to take the level of
pain that would be required to get it
done right the thing that Elon brings to
every situation is you think that a
level of pain will stop
me well watch this pain doesn't stop him
threats don't stop him he he's got the
threat of jail right now doesn't stop
him it's the only person who could do
this and we're lucky enough that that
person not only is willing to do it but
enthusiastic about
it do you know how lucky that that
is I mean just think about how lucky
that is yeah and he would have a JD
Vance and a vake um he would have you
know brilliant people you know the on
his side to
help this is really really really lucky
Elon Musk could have easily
been
Australian right he could have easily
been you know if we're all reincarnated
Chinese
but we got him the number one person to
do the number one most important
thing I feel pretty good about it but
only if Trump gets
elected there's a video that I can't
believe is true of it doesn't say what
city it is but some Sanctuary city in
the United States showed a conversation
of some people in the hallway some
citizens who were asking the police to
arrest somebody in the apartment
building who had committed some serious
crime and they were also undocumented
and the police said that uh they
couldn't call ice and have them deported
because it's the sanctuary City and then
the citizens said okay well can't do
that but you can't arrest them because
they did a terrible crime it's you know
obviously did a terrible crime and the
police officer said no I can't arrest
them because it's a sanctuary City and
then the citizens thinking they weren't
quite understanding or maybe the police
officer was wasn't is understood they
clarified now we we know that you can't
call ice and have them deported but
we're saying they've committed a massive
crime in the United States so you can
arrest them for the crime they did in
the United States and the police officer
said no I cannot arrest them for a crime
they did in the United States because
we're a sanctuary City there was
somebody who was accused of like a
double murder or something said I
couldn't arrest them because we're say
uary City and he said it clearly and
multiple times and I said to myself Is
that
real so I'm coming down on I don't think
it's
real it's a little too on the
nose and it didn't show the city and it
was in Shadows so you couldn't see the
lips
moving
so it might be real so I I have great
curiosity about it but I'm not going to
tell you that's real I think un
fortunately we're it's
2024 and you see something where you
can't see lips moving and you don't know
the city and you don't know where the
video came from just automatically you
got to put a put a pin in that one and
say we're GNA wait on this
one likewise this brings me to the uh
the the story of the Venezuelan gangs
who are taking over Apartments in
Colorado I can't tell if that's
true so apparently there's a discussion
where some people are saying it's
definitely true of course it's true and
other people are saying but the police
can't find them and there's nobody in
any apartment who's
complaining now they that can't both be
true ether Venezuelan gangs are
literally taking over apartment
buildings or they're
not and as of this morning I can't tell
there are competing stories and I
literally can't tell if Venezuelan gangs
are taking over apartment buildings in
the United States
now you might think you know but it's
because you saw one news
story if you see the other ones maybe
you change your mind I've seen both and
I I have no signal that would tell me
which one's real because there's no
video of
it let's put it this
way you show me a video of some orange
Venezuelans you know that was taken
recently and everybody knows where it is
and the person who gives you the
identifies
themselves maybe maybe I'll believe that
and I don't believe it's impossible and
maybe there's some you know some in
between situation that people are
exaggerating whichever way they want to
but think about the fact just think
about the fact that the news in America
is so
untrustworthy I can't tell if Venezuelan
gangs are taking over apartment
buildings I don't have a way to know
that's pretty
bad anyway Elon Musk continues to be
controversial he said uh he posted the
reason the Democrat Party is so soft on
criminals is that criminal votes the
criminals overwhelmingly vote Democrat
and they don't want to offend their
customers and he says Democrat Party is
literally the party of
criminals well I think that's going too
far now usually support Elon musk's
opinions because I agree with them but
this is too far I I don't think you can
say that the Democrat Party is literally
the party of
criminals not literally it's not
literally the party it's it would be
more accurate to say it's the party of
criminals plus the mentally ill women
who love the
criminals so if you leave out the
mentally ill
women who love the
criminals it just doesn't sound honest
to me
so Elon didn't go far enough you got to
talk about the women who love those
criminals and worship
them but uh I saw somebody else saying
that musk was ruining his brand Tesla
and I have to I have to admit I am
concerned that Elon musk's political
stuff will sour some number of people
from buying tesl I don't know if we've
seen it yet
but I don't know how it doesn't happen
because people are pretty prickly about
their politics and their cars
and so I should tell you that I I do own
stock in Tesla so I'm not I'm not being
unbiased I'm totally biased in favor of
Tesla uh but my investment in Tesla has
less to do with cars and more to do with
the
robots one
possibility is that the reason we don't
understand why Elon Musk could take such
a risk with the stock price of Tesla is
that he told us exactly what's going on
that robots are going to be you know
maybe 20 times bigger than cars and
Tesla is going to be a robot company and
they're going to be rolling them out in
a year or so it might not matter to him
what happens with
cars it might be the smallest part of
his business in less than a year so
maybe he's just ahead of us and he knows
he can say what he wants to say and
promote free speech and uh if something
happens to the car stock he'll just make
it up with robots and people want robots
because it'll be the best
robot and there you go so who knows he's
taking a
risk
um so com Harris has come out directly
in opposition of freedom of
speech which doesn't sound true does it
when I say that you're going to say oh
that's a you know you're you're
exaggerating what she
said right but can we agree that the
definition of free speech is that you
can say things other people don't want
you to
say that's the definition the definition
is not that you can say things everybody
likes to hear that has nothing to do
with free speech free speech is
specifically Limited to things that
other people really really don't want
you to say because they think it's
dangerous or whatever and haris says
that uh social media has no oversight or
regulation and talks about musk and says
uh there has to be a responsibility to
understand their power they're directly
speaking to Millions without oversight
or regulation and then she said of musk
quote he has lost his privilege it
should be taken
down what she thinks the xplatform
should be taken what should be taken
down you mean just taken down a notch or
just taken offline I mean either way
it's
terrible but if you say that somebody's
lost their privilege because they don't
understand that they should be censoring
the way you want them to censor because
you don't like the things they're saying
I would say that is directly opposed to
free speech directly and it doesn't feel
like an interpretation to me to me it
feels like a direct statement I do not
like freedom of speech it's too
dangerous when you boost it by social
media and by the way it's not a crazy
argument it's one I disagree with here's
why it's not crazy when the Constitution
was written social media didn't exist so
if your crazy neighbor had some crazy
ideas he could talk about it all day
long it wasn't going anywhere so he he
had real free speech he could say
whatever he wanted using the best
technology of the day he could write a
letter one letter so free speech was
really easy then because it didn't move
the needle you know except in the
longest you know timeline it did but at
the moment social media is so powerful
it can change the needle overnight it
can turn a uh the least the least
popular candidate into the most popular
candidate and we watched it who you know
if you had the news the news to social
media now does she say the same thing
about the
news because whatever you say about
social media it's not regulated it can
say whatever it wants it's dangerous
wouldn't they say the same thing about
Fox News and breitbard and just the news
and Gateway
pundit doesn't it come next they have
great responsibility if they have
misinformation it's
dangerous you know none of this existed
during the uh time of the Revolutionary
War
so this is the most dangerous possible
thing you could possi think uh Michael
shellenberger goes further and he says
in a post today people think Brazil
style censorship couldn't happen here
but it could indeed K Harris Tim ws and
Barack Obama have all called for
heavy-handed government censorship like
that of Brazil and Europe complete with
Banning disfavored individuals across
platforms and he's right I mean he he
backs it up with examples Etc
so we were actually at a point where
freedom of
speech in my opinion could be the only
topic of the
election it seems to me that Trump is an
unlosable
situation because if he starts hammering
on this freedom of speech stuff
and he does a better job which he's not
done so far on handling that bodily
autonomy thing he has a stronger
argument on bodily autonomy by a mile he
just has never put it together the
minute he puts together that bodily
autonomy argument which is hey I took
abortion away from the federal
government and away from me I moved it
closer to you and there are more women
in every state you women can vote in any
bodily autonomy law you want I don't
oppose that a bit and then say but I
don't want criminals to take your bodily
aut autonomy I don't want undocumented
people to take your your jobs everything
that happens is your bodily autonomy can
you walk outside with safety can your
children go to school
safely it's all bodily autonomy
everything the government does from the
legal system the Department of Justice
but the Democrats are T trying to take
Trump's bodily autonomy away and put him
in
jail the there is one side that is
massively trying to control your bodily
autonomy they're going to make sure you
don't have a gun Etc the only argument
they have the only argument is on
Reproductive
Rights and Trump has not done a good
job in simply explaining that they do
have everything they want and he's not
the one opposing any of
it they have everything they want in
terms of they have the political power
to vote in any state law that they want
if the women are largely in the same
team they just have to be on the same
side so convince the women what you want
not Trump he's out at the
game and and by the way that sentence is
super powerful imagine Trump saying look
it's move to the States you need to work
on getting women to agree with you
because if they do you can have anything
you want that's what our system is I'm
out of the
game I'm out of the game is a kill shot
I'm out of that game I took myself
out anyway um yeah freedom of speech
could be the only topic of the election
and it would be a trump Victory I think
because he can he can make the bodily
autonomy and freedom of speech argument
if he chooses
to Nate silver um humorously is saying
in a post today the number of high
status posters who think the New York
Times is out to get Kell Harris is a bit
disturbing to be honest
can you imagine reading the New York
Times and maybe has a slightly negative
slant on KL Harris and thinking that the
New York Times is trying to take her
out
well there are quite a few headlines
including the New York Times in which
they've started to question the
usefulness of the constitution in the
United States and wondering if the
Constitution isn't a bigger problem than
it is a solution
that that's what reporters are actually
saying that the constitution stuff like
freedom of speech might be more of a
problem these days than it is a
benefit yep that's your
press all right I have divised and I
just ran this on uh on X I don't know
what the results are yet but I devised a
foolproof test to see if you're
brainwashed would you like to do the
foolproof test to see if you're
brainwashed it's just one question I'm
going to ask you one question and your
answer to the question will tell me if
you're brainwashed do you think I can do
it just one question here's the
question which candidate is the biggest
threat to your democracy and your bodily
autonomy if you think Trump is your
biggest risk to your democracy and your
bodily
autonomy you're not participating in an
argument you're not in a
debate you're not a person with an
opinion you're a
victim you're a victim you have been
brainwashed into a belief that is absurd
and it's not in your
advantage no no non-b brainwashed person
would have this
opinion you want another example of
brainwashing I thought of a good one the
other day So after talking to Jason from
the all-in
Pod um he brought up in our conversation
yesterday that when Trump was giving his
speech at the capital on January 6 he
used the phrase we need to fight like
hell and he asked me you know does that
not suggest something uncomfortably
close to physical violence I mean it's
not a call for physical violence but
does that push too close close to line
and become Reckless and and therefore
something he should answer
for and I thought to myself huh you know
I have to think about that it's a good
point and I think to myself there are a
lot of people who have that
interpretation that that meant maybe you
know get a little bit forceful and that
would be too far and I thought if so
many people had that opinion hearing
those words he's got a good point would
you
agree I if it's true and I think if you
ask people they'd say it's true
Democrats mostly if you ask Democrats do
these words give you the feeling that
it's gone too far it could become
physical most would say
yes now let me break your
head why did they say
yes because they were
brainwashed I contend that there is not
a single person not a Democrat or
anybody else if they had simply been at
the event and they heard him use those
words we got to fight like hell I
believe that not a single person not
even one would have interpreted that as
anything but ordinary political talk
about try very
hard the only reason that they interpret
it as called to violence is because the
first time they heard it that's how it
was
reported what they're reacting to is the
way it was framed by the press as as
dangerous speech so if somebody says
well the President says something
dangerous that get people doing
dangerous things and you could see that
a dangerous thing happened here's the
dangerous thing he happened right before
the dangerous thing happened you know
the actual protests themselves if you
tell me the story that way and I'm a
Democrat and I'm you know I want to
believe my side Etc I would totally
think those words meant some kind of
potential
going too
far but if you'd never been
primed by the
brainwashers you would never have that
thought you would simply see that as
ordinary common language that people use
in every context that you've ever been
in business context anything
else yeah to put forth a determined
effort is how you would see it so you
don't have to wonder if half the country
is brainwashed that's a pretty clean
example right there pretty clean
example but I would say that which
candidate is a threat to your democracy
and your bodily autonomy is so
obvious that if you get that wrong it
could only be because of brainwashing
it's not because you have a different
preference it's it's not because I I
grew up as a Democrat it's not that you
would have to be literally brainwashed
to have the opinion that one of them is
worse that that Trump is the one who's
worse for your
freedom so I mean that's
amazing uh Eric Eric Weinstein was on a
podcast recently I wish I could remember
the name of the podcast host so I
apologize for that
um and he's worried that neither Trump
nor RFK would be allowed to be president
because they don't match the uh they
don't match the criteria of being
harmless to the International System
and he had this interesting reframe I
hope I can do it justice um I would
recommend you see the long form because
it's just so well done the the wienstein
brothers are really like a
treasure I know that sounds too far but
the ability that both of those Brothers
have Brett and Eric to explain
complicated things in a way that makes
you go oh well thank you now now I feel
like I could explain it in a simple way
because you did uh they're so good at
this but listening to Eric describe our
illusion of choice and now the primaries
are to create the illusion of choice but
really they're to make sure that both
candidates are the acceptable kind for
the system but his reframe is that we
used to think of democracy as being the
will of the
people you know if if the people want
something that's your democracy but the
current form of democracy
as Eric explains that is uh keeping the
Democratic institutions
strong and that if Trump challenges the
Democratic
institutions that that's against
democracy even if the individual people
in the Democracy agree with him by a
majority that that there's a new kind of
so-called
democracy that's being foed upon us
which is not about the will of the
people bit about the will of the the
Democratic
institutions
now I like that reframe that that gives
you a whole other way to to look at
things because and I'm not sure that
anything about this was 100% new I mean
you've heard me say that the difference
between uh Bush and
Gore uh didn't look that big to me or or
Dole and Clinton it just didn't look
that big a difference because in both
cases in all those cases they were
willing
to you know allow the main institutions
to run as they are now the main
institutions would be everything from
you know the way Congress operates to
the um military industrial complex to
the way elections are run to everything
really but it does seem to me that the
system and all those institutions are uh
almost alive and trying to protect
themselves from
Trump meaning that if you take an
institution I don't know pick any pick
any group that would be attacked by
Trump the military-industrial complex
that if you put a bunch of people
together with a common interest profit
for example they will act collectively
like a a person trying to defend
themselves and so there are a bunch of
Institutions that are formed around
defending themselves against Trump yeah
so that's a pretty good model attorney
general Ken Paxton in Texas he has
warned two of his counties in Texas that
it's uh uh quote unlawful and Reckless
for counties to use taxpayer dollars to
indiscriminately send voter registration
forms with no consideration to the
recipients
eligibility without any statutory
authority to do so so first of all they
don't have the legal authority to do
what they're doing and secondly if they
did have the legal Authority it would be
the wrong thing to do because they're
indiscriminately sending voter
registration forms without knowing that
they're people who should be able to
have voter registration forms so it's
basically two wrongs that didn't make a
right they were just two wrongs that
made each other
worse and he threatens
uh I urge you to abandon this proposal
uh if you do not I will see you in court
well that's
close that's close in this case I think
CU in court is the right level of threat
because it's not like they're not
necessarily going to go to jail for
anything they're doing but CU in court
might slow them down um but I think you
need to go all the way to showing a
picture of a jail
cell if you want the people who are
going to cheat now and I'm not sure how
illegal this is whether that would be a
jail level offense probably not but
there will be people who will be tempted
to do jailable offenses they will be
tempted to do things with ballots that
they know are illegal but they don't
think they're going to get caught if you
want people to think more about the
issue of getting caught you're going to
have to go visual you're going to have
to show a picture of them in the
jail right yeah show them the jail cell
like an actual picture of the jail cell
and say this is where you'll be living
if you in this
election that's it just that Meme this
is where you'll be
living this is your new home if you
participate in cheating in the election
now I think you got to get people to the
point where they're physically afraid of
rigging an election because they're
going to spend the rest of their life in
jail or years in
jail so got to ramp it up
besides it's real it's not lying if you
catch somebody rigging election I assume
Jail's on the table and you could take a
picture of a jail cell and it probably
looks like jail cell so there's no lying
involved it's just making sure it's top
of mind and top of mind is just
repetition and ideally Visual and fear
so
fear and a visual
persuasion with repetition is really
really powerful fear visual repetition
show me the jail cell this is your new
home if you rig the election or your new
home if you vote
illegally and if enough people see it
you can have the fear you can have the
visual and you'll have the
repetition well um the Attorney General
of Minnesota Keith Ellison who was Tim
walon's attorney general coincidentally
he just thanked Brazil
for destroying free
speech at least on the xplatform so as
you know Brazil has been going after
musk and the xplatform and they're
banning X in Brazil they were Banning
people using vpns to access it but it
looks like they reverse that so you can
still use a VPN in
Brazil I think they knew that there was
no way they could enforce that without a
revolution um but what do you think
about the fact that the attorney General
in
Minnesota came out publicly in favor of
banning Free
Speech now they're all using the
disinformation thing it's like no no
we're not Banning Free Speech we're we
just don't like all the disinformation
and the the talk of violence and stuff
uh nobody believes that so yeah they're
they're openly in opposed to free speech
which incredible
so I posted on X that uh Harris has
several policy positions that could end
civilization as we know it big claim I'm
going to give you several policies that
Harris is in favor of that in my
opinion um could end
civilization not just America you could
take out the whole world because
if America goes down you don't know what
happens after that right I'm uh I'm
taking this assumption that if America
crashed there would be a a ripple effect
that would be just devastating for the
rest of the world you know China might
be okay for a while no even China would
wouldn't have anybody to sell to
so well they'd have somebody obviously
but the if America goes down we're in
trouble I think you'd all agree with
that so here's one they want to censor
Free
Speech Can America survive without free
speech I don't think so
how about uh the open borders that they
might call being nice to Asylum
Seekers not really we can't really
survive that at the current rate
indefinitely how about uh spending to
Oblivion running up the debt yeah that's
an existential risk is is Trump going to
do the same thing well I worry about it
but at least Trump has an Elon Musk to
look at government spending at least
Trump doesn't want to start War that are
expensive for no
reason at least Trump is you know knows
that growth is one of the ways to go at
least Trump likes crypto so I would say
that neither of them satisfi me in terms
of a plan to get rid of the existential
threat of our debt but Trump at least
has some tools he's showing he say well
I don't have a complete plan but I have
an Elon Musk okay that's a pretty good
start that's a pretty good start I don't
have a complete plan but we know growth
has to be bigger and one of the ways we
can do that and bring down uh bring down
prices at the same time because if
growth is high you end up getting
inflation but you can get growth without
inflation if you're
simultanously uh boosting the supply of
energy because then the energy costs go
down those costs spread into all
products so you can keep prices down as
long as energy keep keeps going
down so again I wouldn't say Trump has a
plan but he shows all of his
tools and you know if the if the uh if
the Handy Man shows up at your house and
he hasn't quite looked at the problem
you don't know that he has a plan but if
you see he brought his tools you're like
okay well that's better than somebody
who didn't bring tools so at least I'll
give him
that um how about restricting gun
ownership you see where that could go
how about the tax on unrealized capital
gains
economists pretty much say that's the
destruction of the United States and how
about the uh the racial discrimination
which is pretty much anti-white all the
time these are existential
threats I don't think that Trump is
doing
anything that you could sort of game out
in your mind and say okay if this keeps
going it's the end of
civilization like what would be an
example now I I get that I'm biased so
there might be an example
if somebody has an example of something
that Trump is proposing an actual policy
that looks to me like it you know in the
worst case scenario it could end
civilization what would that be name
it I'm open to the I'm open to the
conversation there might be but I don't
I can't think of anything but Harris
says 1 two 3 four five six different
policy
preferences that are that look like
existential threats am I wrong about
that all right here's a question this is
just me being a
troublemaker why would a political
campaign hire internal
pollsters if the free public polls are
accurate and you have more than one you
got you've got a you know dozens of
different public
polls that will tell you how you're
doing in every state
and they'll tell you how you're doing
with every demographic group and they're
updated pretty often so why does every
campaign at the presidential level hire
their own internal
pollsters isn't that a waste of
money now I get that the internal
pollsters might ask different
questions but really if you know what
demographic group is is doing what and
there's also polls on on issues you can
tell what demographic group supports
what policy issues this is all public
it's public and it's multiple
companies so why do they do internal
polling the only reason I can think of
is that they they know the external
polling is
fake what's the other reason they like
spending money that they don't need to
spend
I'm open to the other reason is it
because the internal polling only checks
things that the public polling doesn't
look
at
no because they also poll about how
people are doing in each state by each
demographic they they reproduce the
public stuff except they get different
answers what's up with
that I I somebody on Rumble is saying
the wi the Weinstein Brothers along with
Jordan Peterson are
grifters talk about a word that has lost
all
meaning if if somebody is a public
personality and they appear on a podcast
or they have their own podcast in which
they give their opinions and they get
paid for
speaking is that a grift or is that a
perfectly transparent addition to the
conversation well how broken do you have
to be to call that a grift they are the
most transparent people in the public
view they tell you exactly what they
think why they think it they show their
work and they're
using economic
models that are completely transparent
Jordan Peterson charges tickets for his
appearances where where's the trick did
did you go to a Jordan Peterson event
and then when you showed up they asked
for money and you said what what what
kind of grifting is this you're
going to fly to my my town on your own
dime and give me this speech damn
it I'm not looking to pay for
it I I I think the people who call
public figures
grifters if they're doing transparently
what they're doing in this case you are
so lost you're so lost there are
grifters I I would say there are some
race grifters that may not completely
believe the things they're saying but
they know they can you know sell a book
that way now calling them
grifters feels
fair but if somebody's completely
transparent and it does look like that's
their real opinions in those cases that
look they all look like real opinions to
me yeah that grifter thing you need to
retire that
people call me a grift or
two could I be more transparent you know
exactly how my business model works and
you know my
opinions what's the grifty part get over
it all
right
um so the wayo taxis are becoming more
of a thing so wh MO is that company
that's trying to make driverless taxis
um so that's a big deal now so you can
see more of
those I've got real questions about
whether the driverless vehicles
are you know going to work out in theory
they would be way better than people but
I would still be scared to death getting
in a driverless car I I don't know that
my brain can adapt to that I maybe maybe
it's my generation maybe if you're
younger you get it's
easier but we'll keep an eye on that
anyway
um so Netanyahu was asked for the
millionth time you know why doesn't he
end the war and ceasefire and somebody
asked the question like what would what
would it take before you would stop you
know blowing things up in uh in Gaza and
he had this answer which I don't know
why this made
news he said we'll be done when
essentially I'm paraphrasing we'll be
done in Gaza when we get rid of
Hamas and I thought to
myself well you mean exactly the thing
that you've been saying from the
start why are people still asking him
that question there seems to be some
assumption that's so
dumb but we keep treating it like like
it's a an
opinion if somebody says they should
stop the fighting in Gaza now and
rebuild they are saying to leave Hamas
this you know deadly terrorist
organization in place and reconstitute
them do they even know they're saying
that the the one and only answer that
makes sense is that we'll stop fighting
when Hamas is gone meaning all the
leaders and all the you know
military you know officers
probably they're very clear about what
they're going to do and and then he used
the analogy you know uh would you leave
Hitler in
power just because you you won the
war suppose you won and Hitler just all
right all right you win you win quit
fighting if you quit fighting I'll quit
fighting no no you had to get Hiller
because otherwise Hiller would just
reconstitute and become Hiller again so
to imagine the that Israel has a second
path these are not opinions we're we're
acting like there's a difference of
opinion there isn't there's only one
thing that makes sense just one thing
Hamas cannot be your
neighbor that's
it that's it you imagine if this were
you and some literal terrorists moved
into your next door they were literally
your neighbors and they were literally
terrorist and they told you that they
were going to kill you as soon as you
went to sleep so you call the police and
the police say good news the terrorists
say uh that today they won't kill you
and you say um what about
tomorrow and they say well I
mean you can't guarantee anything in the
future okay but you're letting you're
letting the terrorists who said they
want to kill me live next
door uh that doesn't
work yeah so there is no other argument
it it is very simply if you're Israel
and if you were America you do the same
thing everybody would do the same thing
if you were China Russia America Israel
every country would do the same thing
exactly you have to get rid of every one
of them and if that requires that
there's nothing left in Gaza but
dust then you do the
dust there's not a second
choice not a not one that makes sense
and askans them to do something that
doesn't make
sense doesn't make sense right there
there's not enough benefit for the
United States that you can ask them to
live with this as a permanent situation
yeah it's a little bit of homas you can
put up with it no there's no such thing
as a little bit of Hamas anymore there
there's none and then there's the job's
not
done that's it two
choices and that ladies and gentlemen is
my show for today best thing you've ever
seen I went on too long I'm going to
talk to the uh subscribers at locals
privately but thanks for joining on X
and Rumble and uh
YouTube and I'll see you same time
tomorrow but for now supporters only on
locals coming at you in 30
seconds
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for