bump bump bump bump bump um hey
everybody come on in here you know why
you're here and I know why you're here
as a little something to do with coffee
and if you'd like to enjoy this
simultaneous if I don't you do I know
you do that's why you're here you don't
need much all you need is a cup or a mug
or a glass of snifter Stein chalice
tanker thermos flask canteen Grail
goblet vessel of any guy and fill it
with your favorite liquid you know what
I like and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hand
of the day the thing that makes
everything better the simultaneous it go
oh yes that's the good stuff right there
all right let's talk about the Democrat
or democratic debate I never know what's
the correct way to say that is it the
Democrat debate because there are all
whole Democrats or is it a democratic
debate because it's the Democratic Party
I never know which one is right
so the coup by hypnosis continues to go
strong if if you don't know what that
means there's a there's an active coup
attempt happening but it's not using
weapons it's using actually the most
modern and powerful methods of hypnosis
to convince the country that nothing
like that is happening so the hypnosis
is convincing at least half of the
country
there's no coup there's nothing to see
here
no there's there's just terrible crimes
by President we can't really enumerate
them and by the way you might be
confused by the fact that the president
is not already in handcuffs and in jail
how do you explain that have you
explained the fact that he
not already being arrested and taken to
jail with all those crimes well it's
because they're not real it's a hypnosis
coup and it's working really well I
mattered often we'll succeed in the long
run but they have definitely set their
sights on the brainwashing the public
into changing the form of government
amazingly and then actually they
actually have a good chance of pulling
it off I don't think they will I think
Trump will prevail but you gotta say
it's a heck of a try I don't know that
we've ever seen anything like this
before we have certainly seen politics
and persuasion and lies and hyperbole
and all the the usual stuff but but at
this point at this point it's more
obvious that it's a legitimate attempt
by some combination of unhappy Democrats
who may or may not be called the deep
state and the media you know we saw the
project Veritas undercover recordings
about CNN and it's pretty clear that
Jeff Zucker just cares about impeachment
and maybe not about not much else so I
don't think we can call this anything
else at this point
it's a coup by hypnosis and it's it's
moving along pretty well if you like
coos president Trump's comment about the
Democrats debate last night this is such
a great tweet so his entire summary of
the Democrats is in this tweet our
record economy would crash just like in
1929 if any of those clowns became
president you know he's probably not
wrong said one of the reasons that it
works is because you're first
your first impression is well that's
that's not true the economy is not gonna
crash just because you elected Elizabeth
wart
oh oh yeah I guess it would crash if
you're elected Elizabeth Warren but
she's just one of the candidates I mean
things would be fine if you elected
purty
well okay if you elected Bernie the
economy would crash but she always have
Biden
no that would crash the economy damn
he's right if any of those clowns get
elected we can't even the economy might
actually just crash
that's not funny but it's just funny
that he summarizes things so succinctly
I've noticed a trend
and it looks like this Republicans hate
bad systems such as socialism it's a bad
system Democrats seem to hate people
have you noticed that go after people
they go after personalities they go
after individuals it seems entirely
hatred of people whereas the Republicans
don't do a little bit of going after
people the - of course yeah the
president is his own thing but it
doesn't seem generally true that
Republicans talk about systems and and
Democrats seem to just hate people if I
go onto Twitter and the the anti-trump
errs come after me they almost never
come after me for anything that I've
said or any point they almost never
criticize my opinion they almost always
criticize me personally and that's what
it's what the Democrats have started to
do with Trump so it seemed to me as I
was watching the Democrat debate that
they all looked small because their
focus was just on one guy's personality
and here's the kicker they couldn't say
much about what he's doing wrong they
can only talk about how they hate him
did you notice that because it was
conspicuously missing so here's why you
would have expected to hear the
president has all these bad character
flaws according to them and therefore
what we've observed are all these
problems because remember he's had three
years to create problems they must have
plenty of things to talk about where's
the problem sure they don't like him I
get it
message received you don't like him you
don't like his character his personality
you don't like his ethics so you don't
like his style I get it now
now finish the picture and because of
that character and because of those
problems what what would be an example
of something that we wanted to do but we
couldn't do because of his personality
what was something that went all wrong
because of his character can you think
of anything economy is roaring you know
what whatever you want to say about
Syria let's take Syria for example the
closest that anybody got to an actual
complaint meaning that the things about
the president's personality translated
into the real world was Budaj I think he
was the only one who actually even took
a stab at it and booted judge spoke
entirely speculatively even he didn't
have an actual problem to talk about his
best point which I consider invalid but
his best point just argumentatively is
that he said that the soldiers were
demoralized by having to pull out of
Syria and leave their their allies to to
destruction
here's the thing here's the thing can
you think of any situation in which our
we have a volunteer military so this is
important to the story so the volunteer
military so everybody who who is in the
real fighting forces you know the the
Berean the Marines and said are the ones
who are actually seeing combat they they
joined voluntarily and probably had a
pretty good idea where they were going
to be deployed and who they were gonna
be fighting because you know the
al-qaeda things been going on for a long
time or some version of al Qaeda Isis
etc so what would you expect would be
the attitude of the military the
professional military volunteers when
they're asked to withdraw what what
would their under any condition you
asked this set of the bravest people in
the world who volunteered to put on
uniforms train hard and go over there
and fight fighting not only against the
enemy but fighting for their comrades
fighting for their allies fighting for
their people what do you expect them to
say when the civilian leadership asks
them to withdraw only one thing we're
not done if if the military said
anything except no we don't want to
withdraw we will because we respect the
you know the chain of command we'll do
what you order but no we are not happy
about leaving a fight if we had soldiers
who under any conditions were happy
about leaving the fight we didn't do a
good job of training them or selecting
them or they're the wrong people
our soldiers should want to stay in the
fight and finish it no matter what the
civilian leadership says
the better idea as long as they go ahead
with the civilian leadership if they if
they were bucking orders I would say
that would be a big problem but I would
say that as a class of people I think
the military is always going to say let
us finish the job let us protect our
allies let us finish the job
so that doesn't change the fact that
there may be situations in which a
somebody's asking me if I serve the
answer is no so I'm open to correction
if there's somebody who served who has a
more clarity on this but I think it's
fair to say that the the the hero type
personality who volunteers to go over
there and fight they mean it they're not
just punching a clock
they went there to fight and I think if
you pull them off the fight I don't see
how they could ever be happy about that
because it's just too much baked into
who they are
so what's your perfect situation let me
describe a perfect military / civilian
situation the perfect situation is when
the president cares more about the
troops than the troops care about their
own safety that's the perfect situation
do you want it the other way around
would you want the president to care
less about the troops then they cared
about their own safety I mean obviously
they care about their safety but these
are people who are not like regular
people
these are unusually brave people these
are people who signed up to do this so
they're not like us right not like me
anyway it might be like you but it's the
perfect situation a civilian leader who
cares about the soldiers enough to pull
a man of harm's way if there's not an
overriding you know national interest
and what you would want is that those
soldiers obey number one yes they are
obeying
number two don't want to leave that's
your perfect situation you can't get
better than that
you can't describe a situation that's
more perfect than what you just saw now
there's it's not perfect in terms of
impact because one of the bet the
downsides is that the curds are at the
mercy of the Turks and of course the way
the Democrats explain that as they say
we've abandoned our allies well did we
or were there two sets of allies and we
had to choose there were two sets of
allies that Turks and the Kurds we
didn't have a choice of abandoning an
ally you get that right there were two
choices and both of them involved
abandoning an ally you could either
abandon Turkey NATO ally or abandon
Kurds ally in our fight against Isis
those are the only choices you couldn't
back both of them and if you just got
out of there you left one of them to the
mercy of the other I saw an interesting
video yesterday that I would not say as
credible so take this with a grain of
salt but I'll put this in the form of a
question we haven't seen that much
damage or military fighting coming out
of the area some of it might be that
just the lack of reporters maybe it's
just too dangerous but I have a sneaky
suspicion that there is poor Kurds that
were left to be slaughtered number one
the most effective fighting force in the
region everybody agrees right that's it
that's a fairly standard opinion from
everybody that the Kurds are the most
effective fighting force in the region
and they're tactically strong as well as
just brave and willing they're
tactically very good do you know what
else they have do you know what else the
Kurds have I'm just gay
now this is speculation my guess is that
the Kurds have some really good weapons
do you think we left them without
weapons do you think we took all our
good and just loaded in trucks and
took it away probably not how long do
you think a Turkish tank with lasts in
Kurdish territory about 10 seconds I
don't think the Turks can control the
ground I think they can bomb forever but
we know that bombing bombing doesn't get
you to controlling the ground you know
it's it's good stuff if it's in support
of ground troops but bombing doesn't get
you to control the ground you got to do
that on the ground and I don't know if
the Turks even with their full military
can beat the Kurds who are dug in really
good fighters and they might have some
really good weapons right now like I'm
talking about the really good stuff
things maybe you don't even know we have
I'm just guessing I don't think we left
them unarmed that's that's my guess now
that's pure speculation but wouldn't you
expect by now there would be a lot more
reporting about how Turkey over in a
Kurdish unit Turkey has captured 300
Kurds turkey has slaughtered these
curves it's kind of missing isn't it
isn't isn't sort of today the day we're
supposed to be hearing about how turkeys
crushing the Kurd military I might not
be going the way the the way the Turks
expected might not be going that way
there is some chance that the Kurds are
kicking the Turks ass right now on the
ground now you know in terms of the air
I guess the Turks probably control the
air I don't know that's just speculation
that maybe that fight is not going the
way everybody thought it would go
because Kurds
curds seem to just defy the the military
calculation because they just tend to be
good all right here's let's talk about
the Democrat to me I thought that the
biggest story of the debates is the
stuff they didn't talk about which
includes Russia collusion wasn't much
about Russia collusion was there how
would you feel if you were a Democrat
and a voter and you've been watching
your team push Russia collusion for her
two and a half years and then just stop
talking about it
yeah it just doesn't come up would you
say to yourself wow my team was really
wrong for two and a half years maybe I
shouldn't trust the next thing they
bring up what about the fact there for
three years or more the primary attack
from the Democrats is calling this
president a racist
where'd that go did you notice that that
was just missing last night
it used to be their primary problem if
the Democrats believed that this
president was an actual racist which is
the things that they claim or they used
to claim all the time
wouldn't that be grounds for impeachment
I mean really if the if the Democrats
had in fact anything like the obvious
evidence that they claim is all over the
place that the President of the United
States is an actual racist and doing
racist things and obviously signaling to
people know that if any of that were
true isn't that grounds for impeachment
because impeachment is full political
act it doesn't require a crime
impeachment requires that the
politicians just decide you know you're
being all racist we got to get rid of
you so if you're democrat what do you
make of the fact that the biggest
complaint from your team racism just
sort of they
stop talking about it wouldn't it make
you wonder if it were ever real in the
first place now to his credit President
Trump has been chipping away at that let
me talk to you there's something about
funding the historically black colleges
there's the first step program prison
reform he's always bragging about
unemployment being great for the
african-american community so an easy
sell defense with just you know scads of
of black people who seem very happy
about the president then there's Kanye
West who's saying he still loves the
president even if he doesn't like his
policies in some cases so I've got a
feeling that the whole racist complaint
wasn't getting traction they must test
this stuff the Democrats so they must
have figured out that the public was
over it
it was the biggest thing and then they
just let it go moving on
what about they don't really talk about
President Trump destroying the economy
do they where's that that used to be a
big problem right he's destroying the
economy don't have that anymore
what about climate change now I realized
that climate change they had CNN had a
whole seven hours of just climate change
topic with these these candidates but
wasn't it conspicuously missing from the
questions I think some of the candidates
mentioned it but it wasn't even part of
the question I don't think that climate
change works anymore as a as a topic why
do you think it doesn't work as a topic
anymore
yeah and Biden didn't mention the
Charlottesville hoax why do you think
the Charlottesville hoax and climate
change stopped being good targets for
the Democrats I don't know but I'll give
you some speculation I think the racist
thing wasn't working and I think that
the that the fine people hoax being
consistently debunked by
by people like me and others
Steve Cortez and Joe Pollak doing a lot
of the heavy lifting on that I think
that maybe we made that look like it
wasn't valid anymore
now how about climate change I think the
fact that there are at least two no
there are three Democrats running who
are pro nuclear it makes the topic not
work anymore because if you start asking
about it you kind of raise the question
of nuclear and this administration is
pro-nuclear so it kind of makes it kind
of makes climate change look like not
the wind topic because the best thing to
do about it
is what the administration is already
doing or trying to do which is promote
nuclear as one of the many things that
you do it's not the only thing I think
the the Bill Gates brain special on
Netflix may have actually moved the dial
because if you think about it how many
people in the let's say the the press
are likely had to have seen a Netflix
special about Bill Gates and you know
there's big things he's doing for Africa
and the fresh water and sanitation and
and nuclear all of them I mean that's
the sort of special that you would
expect in due time that nearly a hundred
percent of the people who work in the
press would have seen so what happens
when a hundred percent of the press gets
informed for the first time that there's
something called generation four nuclear
and that people as smart as Bill Gates
and some of the smartest people in the
world say yeah we just we just need a
place to do this we already know how to
build it we already know how to solve
some of the biggest problems in the
world just let us build it just figure
out how to get past the red tape so I
think maybe the combination of
of people like Mark Snyder and Michael
Shellenberger and all of you and talking
about nuclear and Bill Gates I think
it's just making climate change look a
little bit solved now not solved as in
we already know how to do it but there
seem to be so many good approaches to
handling it that it went from this big
problem that we don't know what to do
about it
- oh okay I guess we sort of know what
to do about it but we we kind of do and
then there wasn't much about China so
with all those Democrats on stage they
mostly were focused on the coup by
hypnosis and the coup by hypnosis says
that you just keep saying things about
Trump personally until people think it's
must be true so how many people just
said well he's obviously corrupt
president Trump how many times was he
was the president called corrupt okay a
lot right now give me the best example
of that what is it what's the best
example that would support the claim
that he's corrupt
was it a phone call that he did in front
of witnesses that happened to be
perfectly the top priority of his actual
job description which is to make sure
there's no foreign interference or
influence on the Biden family because
they were leading in the polls that was
his top priority so I know it to me the
the the slaughter meters at the about a
thousand percent right now I don't see I
I can't imagine the president losing to
anybody who was on that stage and I
don't see anybody else joining the fight
let's go down some of the individual
performers
I thought Warren looked weak in the
vases Buddha judge sort of nailed her
down on health care and he totally won
that extreme
because by pointing out that she didn't
really she couldn't even speak to her
own plan well and her own plan was
actually Bernie's plan so first of all
it's not even her own plan and second of
all she was unwilling obviously I'm
calling Buddha judge really brought that
out she was unwilling to even talk
honestly about her own plan which is
actually Bernie's plan it means she died
a thousand I mean I thought that was a
dagger I I thought that she can't
possibly win by having you know that
being her signature I would say that's
probably her signature policy and she's
not even willing to describe it in
public
yeah that's that was a hard fail let's
say Buddha judge talked about him he was
the closest thing to the adult in the
room and it seemed to be that's the the
channel he's trying to carve out is the
one who doesn't say crazy stuff so he
was saying that for health Claire health
care since we already know the public
will never go for a solution where they
lose their private health care that they
like Buddha judge is saying exactly what
I said a few months ago what I did a
whiteboard thing which is what's wrong
with keeping the private ones for people
who want it well making a public option
short of the Medicare for all or the
Medicare for the ones who want to sign
up for it let's say as the most
practical way to get to something like
full coverage that's maybe hard maybe we
can't get there but it's a reasonable
thing to say so Buddha judge is carving
out this this reasonable sound and he's
carving now in guns and health care so
I'm guns he looks at Beto and he says
you're not going to go to people's homes
and get all their guns the best we can
do and this is best meaning if you're of
this political persuasion not not my
personal opinion best but the best you
can do
is to stop the sale of new ARS
you know the new assault rifles as they
would call them and I thought to myself
you know that might be a good idea or it
might be a bad idea but it's an adult
idea so Buddha judge took the role of
the adult by saying it's great that you
love candy before dinner but you can't
have candy before dinner right so he's
that he does that on both guns and
healthcare I thought it was very
effective so I'm seeing some people
saying that there was no clear winner
last night and there was nobody who who
stood out and I disagree I would say the
Buddha judge if that didn't move him
into the top three and I doubt it moved
him that much you should put him in a
solid fourth place if he's not already
there maybe he's already there as the
top three started to falter so somebody
says when pet repeat echo Scott's got
things highly of him well of course
that's exactly what I'm doing when he
agrees with me I think he's smart that's
not that's how it works that's how it
works for all of us so I think Buddha
judge had a great night I would be
surprised if he doesn't at some point
get into the top three and it depends
which of the top three falters first I
think let's talk about burning burning
once again impressed
Bernie looked healthy and vigorous damn
it Bernie you're impressing the hell out
of me with your your vigor and your
fight and I thought he had a good debate
too
now I don't think it matters and I don't
think it matters that a OSE and three of
the four squad endorsed him that that's
the other news because I think the hard
problem and the fact that he is so
completely unelectable in a general
election I just I don't think Bernie can
get to the across the finish line but
his performance was great health look
great yeah he had a good debate
be enough let's talk about Biden Biden
is being chided by both sides so even
the liberal pundits are mocking him for
his word salad so whoever used the
phrase first it might have been Bret
Baier who said that Biden was talking in
word salad
now that's especially word salad about
somebody who has a cognitive decline in
their old age now I don't know that Bret
Baier was intentionally trying to make
that connection but in my brain that's
automatic if you hear the somebody of a
certain age is talking in a word salad
your brain automatically goes to a
cognitive decline and it looked like
cognitive to decline to me have you
noticed that brought the Biden smile is
upside down have you noticed that here's
what a smile should look like
here's Biden's smile I know I can't even
do it but he somehow looks like he's
smiling
while his smile is actually inverted I I
don't know how to do it like I somehow
he makes it look like a smile while he's
frowning it's that it's the freakiest
thing I don't know if that's because of
all the facelifts or what no but Biden
still looks like they get off my lawn
guy did it seem to you that he looked at
too angry for the situation especially
when he um there was a moment when Biden
turned to Warren and he got angry and he
was sort of gesturing and there were two
camera angles on that one camera angle
was straight on and with a straight on
angle you could tell that there was
enough distance physical distance
between Biden and Orrin that when he was
gesturing toward her with his hand it
wasn't getting right in her face he was
gesturing toward her but he wasn't
really in her personal space or anything
but
instantly changed from that point of
that camera angle which was fairly you
know innocent looking to one in which it
was over the shoulder of Warren as she's
looking at Biden and from that camera
angle you see Biden's hand coming right
toward the camera which is toward Biden
and it looked like he was right in her
face so from that camera angle he looked
like a yelling old man getting in the
face of a woman and it looked it looked
too much but if you saw that exact same
camera angle from the front and you
could notice the distance between them
it doesn't look like that at all it just
looks like he's making his point so
beware of camera angles I would say that
maybe CNN's choice of that camera angle
could have been just a producer's choice
on the fly I'm not going to say that
there was any intention and that but it
certainly made him look bad he had no
answer for the hunter Biden thing that
made him look like he's already given up
his dentures were slipping he was
fumbling his words he was rambling there
is not the slightest chance he will be
the nominee there isn't any chance now I
was wondering how Biden would get out of
the race in a graceful way why what
would he claimed there was a health
issue would he say you know maybe he
would just fall in the in the polling
and that would be enough because if he
if he were no longer polling a solid
number one then his argument that he's
the only one who could be Trump but just
doesn't have the same power so the I
think what's gonna happen is you saw the
reporting about his fundraising so Biden
has less than ten million dollars the
other candidates are like 2030 million
so there are three candidates who were
just way outperforming him in
fundraising I think that's the answer to
how Biden gets out
I think Biden will be starved of money
and that's all it will take so in other
words Biden will not choose to leave the
race and he might even be a
leading in the polls when it happens
which would be the weirdest thing he
might run out of money at number one in
the polls that actually happened it
could easily happen because he's number
one in the polls for name recognition
among the general public who is not
really even paying attention
at the same time that the people who are
paying attention and want to win the
general election know that he's not the
guy to do it so I think the funding
since it's mostly big donor funding I
think the funding will shrink to nothing
and then Biden will just have to quit he
just won't have any money so I think the
big donors are gonna starve him out of
the race
what do you think it looks like that's
where it's at it right they're just
gonna start them out of the race all
right here's the other thing that Biden
said I was just shaking my head because
he does these old timey references there
sometimes don't make sense like the
record player he mentioned last time and
he said why should someone who's
clipping coupons in the stock market
blah blah blah something about tax rates
it doesn't matter but you don't really
clip coupons in the stock market that's
not a thing if you have bonds there's
something called you know clipping
coupons when it comes to bonds but
there's no such thing as clipping
coupons and the stock market that's not
actually a thing but he doesn't know now
I have a guilty pleasure watching the
Biden campaign have problems and I
probably shouldn't even admit how much I
enjoyed this but prior to Biden running
CNN had an analyst who was one of their
most frequent guests Symone Sanders who
is now I think the senior advisor from
the Biden campaign so she's either the
top or among the top of his advisors and
I was watching her be interviewed after
Biden's performance oh my god it's fun
she is in such pain because she's
watching her candidate just die right in
front of us I'm he's literally just
lying on the floor decomposing and she's
on television trying to trying to put up
appearances that maybe everything's fine
and watching him decompose wall she's
trying to defend him and you could see
in her face that she wishes she were
doing anything else in the world now I
may be reading too much into it I'm not
a mind reader but she looks like she's
really uncomfortable supporting a guy
who can't put two sentences together it
must be a terrible place to be because
she can't really leave you know that
would be bad for him but you can't win
so I confess to a guilty pleasure
because she was my least favorite pundit
on CNN she was the angry one who just
thought that President Trump was the the
devil and anything he did was bad all
right why is it that we care if Russia
has more influence in Syria oh I let me
talk about some of the other candidates
just to rounded up
I thought yang was interesting got a lot
of attention but I just don't think he's
not he's not gonna catch on with the
general voters so I don't think that
mattered I thought that tulsi gabbard
has her fans and if we're being honest a
lot of her fans are just sort of in love
with her I mean I think that's a real
thing tulsi gabbard has male fans ooh
just sort of want to see more tulsi
gabbard
I'm not I'm not I'm not promoting that
and I'm not giving you my own opinions
on the situation I'm just stating as a
fact that I hear from a lot of men
including Republicans who say I wouldn't
mind seeing some more tulsi gabbard on
my TV screens
now I don't think she's gonna win but
it's interesting that she has almost a
cult-like following of people but I
think we're in love oh that's not my
Harris so my biggest complaints about
Harris's performance were that she
laughed at her own jokes and she had
unpresidential body language did you
notice that during the campaign she did
not laugh at her own jokes and there was
a moment where she smiled like like she
could have laughed but she she kept it
down and her body language was pretty
good I thought she fixed her body
language she fixed her presidential
let's say mannerisms and she didn't
laugh at her own jokes
now remember what I've been telling you
from from the beginning that what's
different about Camilla Harris is that
as big as their flaws have been they're
the easiest ones to fix how hard is it
to fix your body language you just
watched her do it you just watched her
do it she fixed it now I don't know if
she'll be able to do it consistently but
in the context of the debate she fixed
it how hard is it for her to remember
not to laugh too hard at her own jokes
not hard right that's not hard she did
it last night now I don't know if there
was really a trigger for laughing at her
own joke but I thought she had enough of
a trigger and it looked like she had
learned to hold back now let's talk
about her main topic she got attention
for saying that the president should be
kicked off of Twitter my first my first
impression was oh god going you know you
don't run for president arguing against
freedom of speech I couldn't think of a
worse way to run for president you know
I think freedom of speech is overrated
maybe my political opponent should not
have freedom of speech and I'm thinking
that might be the worst attack anybody
ever thought of and then I watched it
get a lot of attention and it's the
second time she's done it because she
did it online and then she brought it to
the debate and I thought she's actually
getting attention for this and then I
thought I wonder if this could work I
don't feel like it's a good idea you
know my first impression but then she
got attention and what do I always say
half of persuasion is just getting
attention and I think she was four
through fifth and how much time she got
to talk
you saw her push Elizabeth Warren on the
question of whether Elizabeth would join
her and ask you for Trump to be banned
from Twitter and Elizabeth Warren simply
was avoiding the question which allowed
convolute to sort of press her and make
her look weak because she wasn't even
answering the question no could be that
both of them lost in that exchange Kamla
may have lost because the the issue is
so weak and there's literally there's
nobody in the country who thinks the
president should lose freedom of speech
there may be nobody it might literally
be nobody in the world who thinks a
president should lose the ability to use
a major communication platform I just
don't think that's the thing but but
Elizabeth Warren looked weak as well so
I think they made each other look weak
that said if Connell Harris can figure
out how to have some policies that
people care about she may have fixed her
two biggest problems the laughs and the
body language
those are big deals that don't seem like
big deals but they really are so I'm not
going to change my prediction somebody's
asking me about her little catch for his
dudes gotta go so that's the second time
she's used that in public
dudes got to go I think every one of us
who heard it were almost said some form
of
that's not presidential that's that's
just that's just not presidential and
you know of course we watch president
Trump do non-presidential things all the
time
but he seems to do them in a way that
makes you laugh where you can tell what
he's up to who or there's some hyperbole
involved or something or he's just
punching back you know as he does so
somehow it's it just feels different
when the president when President Trump
acts non-presidential he makes it work
when Camilla did it because that's not
her brand her brand is not I can do
anything and be done presidential if I
feel like it
her brand is more prosecutor
straight-laced on the senator so when
she uses that phrase it feels a little
not genuine to us I think that's how
you're feeling it's like didn't feel
genuine but what are we talking about it
made news right it made news so both
times she said dude's got to go she got
attention for it and if there's one
thing you can learn from me is that
never underestimate getting attention
it's not nothing so it's not enough but
it's not nothing all right next question
on Syria why do we care that Russia has
more influence in Syria I would care if
Assad were in charge in Syria but I
don't know that he is right doesn't it
seem like Putin just sort of owned Syria
because Putin's military is the dominant
military and if you have the dominant
military you're sort of in control you
know even if you're not the one doing
the garbage pickup and stuff you're sort
of in control here's the thing are we
worse off with the United States or even
the Middle East worse off because Russia
has more control over Syria are we worse
off because it doesn't feel like it to
me does Russia want the Syrian army
to use chemical weapons again probably
not probably not because that can't be
good for Russia does Russia want Syria
to get a nuclear weapon of their own
probably not probably not to Syria want
Isis to get in a fold in Syria probably
not probably not so and then does does
Russia want Iran to have a greater role
or more power in the Middle East well
their allies ish sort of sometimes but
probably not so if you if you look at
you know the United States objectives
and Russian objectives you'd say oh
they're all these places where our
objectives conflict but in the Middle
East and in Syria do they conflict do
they is there anything we want out of
that area that is incompatible with what
Russia wants there might be I mean I'm
speaking kind of ignorance because there
might be something we care about now
I've heard of said that Russia is big
play is about a pipeline and warm water
ports and all that and access to you
know through through Syria to which I
say do we care do we care if Russia has
a good pipeline do we care if Russia has
a reliable warm weather report really I
mean do we care I just don't know that
we care so do we care if Russia or
turkey is controlling the safe zones on
the border with Turkey not really don't
care now I think we do care a lot that
Russia doesn't invade turkey because
then it activates NATO we don't want
that but does it look like Russia is
going to invade Turkey no this last
thing they'd want so the idea that
Russia has more influence in that area
it looks to me like their their
interests are pretty compatible with
ours and at the same time it's gonna be
their expense not ours the best
situation is to have somebody else pay
the tab and do the same things that you
would have done destroy Isis keep Syria
from getting a nuclear weapon it looks
like it's all the same stuff but maybe I
just have a gap in my knowledge there
all right
in the debates and then asked directly
and then they kept at it about age and
health if CNN along with the New York
Times who co-hosted if they're focusing
because remember they didn't ask
anything about climate change I don't
know if they asked anything about China
I don't remember maybe they did but CNN
gets to influence how the public is
thinking by what questions they ask and
one of the questions was about age what
does that tell you what it tells me is
CNN is not too excited about the three
leading candidates because they're all
too old because I don't think they would
ask the question unless they thought
that it mattered and that their own team
would be better off wrestling with the
question so it seemed to me that they
were that they were painting a little
laser target on the top three candidates
because they're the older ones so what
happens if the top three go away who's
left
if the top three fail what do you got
got your booty judge you got your comp
lares you got your clove char but she
doesn't seem to be catching on there's
something about clove Achara that just I
know it's not connecting with people
even though I would say objectively
she's the other adult in the room with
Pete Buddha judge good a judge now let
me ask you this if you had a choice
let's say you're the demo
that you're a kingmaker on the Democrat
side so you're a big-money person in
your big let's say your Pelosi you're
somebody who wants the Democrats to win
and you're given this choice you only
have two choices hypothetically and your
choices are calmly Harris or Peter Budaj
and you can have one of them as your
candidate which do you pick and don't
don't tell me about vice presidents
because nobody votes for Vice President
which of those two if you're a Democrat
which of those two do you say is the
better choice Buddha judge or Connell
Harris go into comments tell me stop
saying Tulsi we're not going to talk
about her all right let me just say I
don't have any interest in Tulsi Gabbard
because she doesn't have a chance of
winning and there's just no point in
talking about her okay so just forget
about commenting about her for a while
so I'm looking at your comments I'm
seeing Pete Kamla Pete Camilla Harris
Pete Harris neither stay home Pete Pete
Pete Stu young something homophobic
mayor Pete hard pass comma comma
somebody says Harris you persuaded me
Harris Harris Harris Harris Harris
Harris booed a judge so it's pretty
split and so I'm looking at your answers
and from and most of you are probably
Trump supporters and Republicans so
you're not really the voice of the
Democrats you'd be guessing what they
would want yeah it looks like it's
pretty split between Harris and Buda
judge all right let me let me give you
this you ready for it
Kamala Harris for president Pete Buda
judge for vice president huh think about
it butI judge
president we might not be ready for and
when I say we I don't mean to me I would
love a gay president honestly it would
be it would make me happy every day if I
woke up with a gay president I honestly
it would just make my day better because
I'd be thinking I can't wait till he
meets with Saudi Arabia I can't you know
I can't wait till he you know meets with
foreign leaders just just see what
happens what do they do
what does Saudi Arabia do with our gay
president so I would love a gay
president I'm the most Pro gay guy
you'll ever meet
Pro LGBTQ in general but just in the
same way that I thought that it was good
for the country to elect Obama just to
get us over the hump you know just to
say this is who we are
you know you can you can be anybody in
this country if you have the qualities
will elect your president so I think
Obama's election was way bigger than
just the administration that he presided
over way more than whatever the
performance was it was just historically
it was important and we had to we had to
get to that point I'm glad we did same
thing with Pete Buddha judge I love to
get to that point where we had a gay
president if not him someday I'd be all
be all in favor of that but are we ready
in 2020 are we ready for a gay president
because we're still largely a homophobic
country right there's there's way too
much of it and especially if the
question is leadership because the
people who are most homophobic are
probably also gonna have a bias it's
like wow is that the brand we want to
lead with will other countries take us
seriously and other homophobic thoughts
I don't think any of them really matter
so I think people a judge would be a
great president if the public elected
him you would do a great job I don't
think any of that would be an England
and it would be great to you know crack
that ceiling and finally just get past
that but I think the public doesn't
believe we're quite ready now let's let
me ask you this
suppose you seasoned mayor Pete with
four or eight years as the vice
president after being seasoned he's
older he's experienced in the executive
branch of the government because right
now he's a mayor and we have eight more
years to just grow as a as a society is
he ready then yeah yeah Peabody judge
plus four years or plus eight years is a
whole different people to judge remember
he's just practicing right now he's
really young and he's already gotten a
whole lot better on the campaign trail
he's getting better he's got some
serious game and he would have a lot of
rich backers some of them would be gay
which helps you know it's good to have a
like an enthusiastic base that has money
so here's what I'm suggesting the
strongest package for the Democrats
which they might come to believe on
their own is it's a top three in the
polls Warren Biden and Bernie are too
old and too extreme once you've gotten
rid of them and I think that the people
with money and influence will work on
doing that
should they be successful in getting the
top three end of the mix Oh
Kamala Harris Buddha judge team wouldn't
look bad that would not look bad and if
you were trying to attract women people
of color LGBTQ can you beat that
seriously could you beat Harris and
Buddha judge as just a package that
describes the democrat party in the way
that the democrats say oh yeah that is
us that you know that combination gets
everything like we've got we've got some
straights and gays and males and females
some person to call it or some white
it's at all and they're young enough so
I don't think I've convinced you that my
prediction of camel Harris as the
nominee I don't think she'll win against
Trump but as the nominee doesn't sound
so bad now doesn't sound so bad does it
again look he got pretty quiet when I
said that didn't you because it's the
first time you could imagine somebody
who would be competitive with Trump
Harris Plus Buddha judge would be pretty
competitive compared to the others who
would be not competitive at all alright
that's about all I got for now I would
like to remind you that my book lose I
think which is already screaming up the
best the bestseller charts is number one
in its category and it's not even on
sale yet that's just pre-orders its
category being business and political
humor and also most most anticipated I
think I'm number one on Amazon so
yesterday I did some some personal
signings of my book if you're wondering
how I did it I just had people call me
on my app let's see if you can see this
I can't see it but on my whiteboard I
had a drawing and I would just add
people's name to it and let them take a
screenshot there so they were using the
interface by when Hub app contacted me
personally and I would just write their
name on the whiteboard and hold up my
selfie phone and they would have a
selfie of me with their autograph and
they can just print that out and stick
it in a book now here's why this is
great you could get my autograph for the
book without actually having it on the
book and then you can read the book keep
the autograph and give the book as a
gift yeah
yeah best of everything I think of it
all alright thank you for pre-ordering
all of you who pre-ordered that makes a
big difference and I appreciate that the
most because the pre-orders are what
give it its buzz when it starts and and
what buzz it has when it starts tends to
be very predictive of how it's going to
do you just said the vice-president's
don't matter nobody votes for the
vice-president but as a package it gives
people a reason to show up and what's
different about Budaj
as a vice president candidate is that I
think people would understand that he
needs to get seasoned in that kind of a
job he's the only thing that Pete is
lacking is seasoning and I feel like
everybody sees that so you seasoned him
you get you get him as an eventual
president later it's a strong play
that's the way I'd do it if I were a
Democrat all right that's all for now
I'll talk to you later