a look at the stock market
oh stock market's doing okay bitcoin's
up I like that all right we've got a
show today that will knock your socks
off so tighten your socks I'm just
giving you a warning tighten your socks
they going to come right
off soon as I got my comments going
here here we
go all systems functioning
[Music]
perfectly good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and I'm pretty sure you've
never had a better time but if you'd
like to take this experience up to
levels that no body can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a cup or muger a
glass of tanker chalice a St a canteen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopamine end
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens
now oh so good so good
so apparently if you're a
gamer one of the ways you can tell that
your video game as a video game is that
you'll see what's called a server line
in your landscape so if it's one of
those games where you can explore large
territories um your your video game you
know back office might not be able to
handle all the complexity on the same
server so you might have to go from a
part of the game that's handled by one
server to a part that's handled by the
other server and sometimes you can see
the line it's like a straight line like
say in a forest or a desert or the ocean
or something and it would be this
unusual little straight line and then
there' be a little game lag as you go
from one server to the
other so one way you could tell if we
live in a simulation if our reality is a
simulation is if you could find one of
those server lines so if you could find
a huge straight line in
nature that didn't seem to have any
explanation then that means that we have
a a server line a different server
handles it if you walk over the line
well it turns out we found one of those
in the Amazon there's a 10 m straight
line through the forest that nobody has
an explanation
for looks like a server
line
so
maybe now this is in my recreational
belief category you know up there with
UFOs and other fun stuff like that I
don't necessarily think that we found a
server line in the
Amazon but maybe maybe wouldn't that be
fun all right well the bomb Cyclone is
hidden that's a a bizarre and unusual
weather situation that is so dire that
they call it a bomb it's a bomb cyclone
and and uh I'm at the edge of that bomb
Cyclone so far not so bad but if the
bomb Cyclone gets
me I've already prepared my backup plan
turns out that according to CNN travel
there's an Italian Village that's
offering homes for $1 to Americans now
non-americans can also go there but they
they say they really want the Americans
and the reason the dollars reason that
the homes cost $1 is that they're worth
um
they're worth
$1 they're just they're just dilapidated
crap homes that you wouldn't want to
live in so you'd have to fix them
up so I guess theyd rather have
taxpayers than have bunch of dilapidated
empty $1 homes so there you go that's my
backup plan if the bomb Cyclone gets me
I'll be heading to Italy and I only need
to take $1 to get myself a house
well there was a study scientific
America is writing about it where they
put a little electrical stimulation on
the corner of people's
mouths and they would turn it on and it
would make them artificially smile
because they'd be activating the little
smile muscles on the side of their mouth
and guess what they found that if they
make you smile you will get happier
that's right your mouth can control your
brain now you know what's interesting
about that I wrote about that phenomenon
in 2012 or so when I was writing my book
that came out in 2013 had a filled
almost everything still went big and at
the time uh I considered it common
knowledge the science has found that if
you tell yourself to smile if you're not
happy it will improve your happiness
chemistry in your brain so if you just
you just face fake your fake a smile and
just you know make your will do it it
might be able to uh you know improve
your
brain but then later um I saw a story
that says that was
debunked and uh so science said no those
studies are fake there there's no
there's no science that says if you do a
fake smile it can make you actually
happier and when I redid the book I said
to myself I wonder if I should take that
out and I left it in do you know
why because I think I know more than
science my my experience as a
hypnotist is that that would totally
work like I don't I don't need a
scientific study if you force somebody
to smile because as I tell you often
your body and your brain are the same
tool we we only artificially think
there's a brain and then there's a body
they're connected it's part of one
machine so it's not terribly
surprising that it's a two-way machine
you know happiness makes you smile
smiling makes you happy because there's
a whole bunch of mechanisms like that in
your body that work that way I I was uh
telling you the other day that if you
were not aroused
sexually but if somebody gave you a a
Viagra and it just did its thing and
suddenly you look down and you're like
hey what's going on here you would start
having sexual thoughts so your body can
make your brain feel a certain way your
brain can make your body feel a certain
way it's just always been that so what
was the result of the test just what I
thought it would be which is that
artificially making somebody smile makes
them actually happier their their
happiness chemistry
increases now there might be something
else going on in this test because this
is also a hypnotist Insight if you do
something that makes somebody feel
unusual it will also make them uh smile
and be
happy so when you're a hypnotist and
you're putting somebody under in in what
they call a trance um when a person
feels something happening that they know
they're not causing directly but rather
that it's being caused by your
suggestion for example if you said and
this is a common thing to do with
hypnosis if you said you're your arm is
getting light and it's starting to
float if you start if if your hand
starts going up you can't get the smile
off your face under hypnosis because
you're you're reacting to your body
doing an action that you didn't control
it would just make you
smile likewise I would imagine if you
put stimulant on my mouth and said hey
we're going to test your mouth and then
the stimulant turned on and then my
mouth smiled like the
Joker how in the world would that not
make me actually happy in the real world
of course it would
it would be just like the hypnosis if
you felt your body doing something that
you didn't do your first just automatic
reflex would be to laugh and to get
happy so I'm not sure that the science
is you know airtight in this case but I
do feel that uh fake smile probably
makes you happier probably
does well according to James O'Donnell
in the MIT technology review uh AI can
now create a replica of your personality
just by talking to you so a 2-hour
interview where the AI ask you questions
According to some research from Stanford
and Google Deep Mind is enough for it to
recreate basically a virtual replica of
you uh with your values and your
preferences with stunning
accuracy
hello cuz you all know what I'm waiting
for right um I'm already ring my uh
trust my state to have a trust to
maintain the digital version of me in
perpetuity now I've been saying it for
30 years that this was always my plan
it's real I'm actually going to preserve
myself in a digital form now what will
become of it I don't know well my
organic body will not know because my
organic body will you know be gone by
then but yes I'm absolutely positively
going to recreate myself in digital
form and this is telling me it's all
possible because this is the part I was
waiting for I I wasn't sure if I could
train it well enough that it could
reproduce something like me but now
imagine somebody like me who has who's
you know interested in putting in a lot
of time so they did this in two hours
how much better would it be if you talk
to it for two days or two weeks just
imagine how good it could get that
reproducing you then imagine it could
read all of my
books so it would know everything I
thought was important enough to put in a
book then it reads all then it reads all
of the text anyway from all of my
YouTubes and all my live streams two
hours a day for 10
years it's pretty much every thought
I've ever had and yes you'll be able to
reproduce me in scary detail so that's
coming uh there's article in the
Federalist by Grayson
g um says how can Trump make the
nixonian dream of a thousand nuclear
power plants a reality did you know that
Nixon once said he wanted a thousand
nuclear power plants and then Nixon
despite being the disgraced X president
who had to leave office for his Shifty
behavior in many ways he was one of the
SM hardest presidents you know sort of
History has sort of got this grudging
feeling about Nixon well he did some bad
things had to leave office but he also
said some really smart things and one of
the things he said is uh we would get in
fewer Wars if we had our own secure
energy and he was right now we didn't
get to that because of just tons of
problems with approvals and technology
and whatnot safe all that stuff but
those things are
largely solved or solvable so the real
test would be can we can the federal
government under Trump and by the way
Trump does like nuclear he doesn't think
it's the only thing but he likes it uh
do you think that the Trump SL musk SL
ramaswami government can figure out how
to cut
enough of the of the regulatory burden
from nuclear power plants so that you
could somehow make this all work I don't
know but apparently there's a group the
uh Texas public policy foundation and I
think that's what graceon G is part
of and they came up with an idea to
accelerate nuclear in the United States
nuclear power um and they they recommend
that the US military with its uh
significant energy demands and presence
in Texas uh should lead some kind of
nuclear technology development through
micro reactor pilot
projects so uh while Texas streamlines
the permitting and centralized contact
blah blah blah blah blah so Texas under
this plan would um would consolidate
regulations so you have fewer entities
to deal with and fewer reg maybe fewer
regulations and the military would take
the lead because they already do nuclear
and they need a lot of it themselves and
it
um I I saw the a really old video with
uh was it fredman a economist from years
and years ago who when he was asked
about the department of energy whether
you should get rid of it um his
immediate reaction was that energy is
military and he thought that energy
maybe should be part of the military
Department that you do keep and he was
in favor of getting rid of as much of
the government as you can right so milon
Friedman was basically get rid of as
much government as you can the less the
better but even he said that you want an
energy department and you roll it under
the military because that's how you stay
safe we think of energy as keeping us
warm and powering our cars but way more
important than that is it you know keeps
the Wolves Away so yes I I'm I'm not
100% sure that this is the best way to
go but I love the
thinking the the thinking that went into
it just tracks so I like
it according to new Atlas publication
and Michael Franco regular nck
consumption after the age of 70 WS of
dementia and
disease so I eat nuts and coffee every
day because you I believe everything I
read so yeah it's good for your
nuts so if you want to be a long lasting
people eat a lot of nuts now
interestingly and this is a probably a
coincidence most of the news today is
about
nuts I don't know why maybe it's the
it's the curse of that peanut squirrel
that got executed for politics so I
think Peanut the squirrel is maybe
haunting us and making of our news today
about nuts for example the next story is
from
cost and it it says that they they
tested that chronic alcohol consumption
reduces your sperm quality by altering
testicular proteins now they only tested
it in
rats um but it was not good for the rats
nuts so if you want your rats to have
really really good testicles like I'm
talking about the good stuff not just
ordinary testicles like who cares about
them but I'm talking about like a big
bag of nuts I'm talking about so if
you've got a pet rat and you want your
pet rat to have the healthiest sperm
producing balls don't let it
drink you probably shouldn't drink
either because I I'm just guessing it's
bad for your balls too but they only
tested it on the rats so keep your rats
balls healthy stay away from
alcohol um speaking of nuts Instagram
has a new
feature to keep people from going nuts
uh you can now reset your algorithm so
you know how your algorithm slowly
learns who you are and then it starts
feeding you more of the things that it
thinks you like until you're just
watching you know the same thing all day
which happens to me a lot uh apparently
now they have a thing where you can give
it a fresh start they call it and
especially for team
you could just clear all the user
recommendations and it will act like
you're a brand new user who had never
used it before now I'm going to give uh
meta and Instagram a big thumbs up for
that does that answer all of your
questions
now but to have that
option that feels really good like I
would think that this is the kind of
option that probably saves lives I'll
bet there are some people who if they
didn't reset their
timeline it might actually kill them you
know because they'll take a bad it'll
put them in a bad you know frame of mind
or who knows what so I'm very up on this
there there's a lot more that we need to
do to protect People's Health I think
from social media but yeah a button to
get rid of the get rid of the
algorithm why not now I would go a step
further I would rather see a checklist
of what the algorithm has decided I
would want to see more of and then I
would just deselect some things right
because there might have been that one
day there was something in the news and
you looked it up but it's awesome it's
it's awful like you don't want to see it
ever again but you were curious that one
day I want to deselect that I want to
never see it again so let's do
that MIT news says the MIT is going to
be giving away their education for
basically
free um if you're below a certain income
level so if your family income is below
200,000 you can attend MIT tuition free
starting in
2025
MIT
free what now if if you don't follow
college things MIT is where the smartest
of the smart go MIT is literally the
college that my Dilbert cartoon
character graduated from it's the Thomas
Massie school it it's the school where
if somebody says they graduated from
MIT then you should listen to everything
they say after that because it's going
to be smarter than whatever dumbass
thing you were
thinking right MIT is the real deal like
I I I once gave a speech at MIT early in
the the dilbur
ear and I remember looking into the
audience and I've never seen so many
people in one audience that wore
corrective
lenses now I'm sure it's different now
because of lasic and and everything else
but I looked into the audience and it
was just a a sea of people with
corrective lenses looking back at me
with my corrective lenses I remember
standing there and saying I found my
people I I found my home like if I could
just go live at Mat you know if I didn't
have to take classes that I couldn't
pass just hang out with all the nerds
with their corrective lenses it'd be
like my heaven so very very pleasant
place to be anyway so if you're under a
certain income under 200,000 you will
pay nothing for tuition you'd still have
to pay to um You Know cover your cost of
living
but um if you're even less well off uh
under let's see if you're under 100,000
that's that's combined you're both of
your parents if they make Le than
100,000 year you pay nothing at all
toward the full
cost how is this even
possible how do they do that you can
actually attend and go there it's just
free
so now if this were not MIT do you know
what I'd say about
it I would say I'm not sure they thought
this
through but it's
MIT so I'm going to say the opposite oh
whatever I think is a bad idea is
probably stupid because everybody who
thought about this at MIT every one of
them is smarter than me every one of
them like 100% of the people who worked
on this policy every one of them they're
all smarter than me so it would feel
weird for me to say it's a bad idea so
I'm not going to do that it's probably
brilliant and it's probably getting
ahead of what is obvious and here's what
I think is
obvious the cost of higher education is
going to approach
zero so they're probably just getting
ahead of it in in the way that's best
for society you know helping the
lower-end people first now of course
this doesn't help everybody because
getting into MIT at all is just about
the hardest thing in the world so it's
not like it's free college for everybody
is still very
selective but if you said to me Scott uh
under the ER of trump what's he going to
do about Dei and CRT and ESG and I would
say get rid of all those things and then
you would say to me but but that
wouldn't be fair and I would say you
know what look what MIT is doing there
there are now
zero zero poor people of any color who
if they could qualify for MIT and which
would be very hard
free
education so that's one way to get
there um cblog has a study written by
Jeremy Dean he's talking about it um Dr
Jeremy Dean apparently if you think that
your ideas are better than other
people's you might be
right so they did a study to find out if
smart people can tell they're
smart what how do you think that turned
out you think that the smartest people
in the
world are aware that they're smarter
than other
people well they did a study to find out
and it turns out they did know do you
know why they
knew I may have mentioned this they're
the smart people so let me think could I
have predicted this ahead of time is it
possible that smart people get the smart
answer more often than dumb people smart
SM people versus dumb people smart
people I don't know it's a toss up but
I'm going to go with smart people are
smart and they can even tell that
they're
smart when I pet my
dog um I don't need to give her any
calculus tests because I know she cannot
solve a calculus problem now I also know
that I can't but if it were an easier
problem than that I might be able to
solve it and she couldn't so that was a
bad example but I'm just saying that
neither NE my dog nor I can do calculus
that's the
point
anyway um I saw a
study uh so there's a some some study
that says that I I'm going to call it a
study but then I'm going to insult it so
you won't think it's a study when I'm
done um that the co vac saved 20 million
lives does that sound right to you do
you think the vaccinations saved net you
know some people obviously would die
from any chemistry put it put it in
their body there's always going to be
somebody who's going to have adverse
effects but do you think it netted 20
million does that sound right to you
here here's a better question how would
they how would they calculate
that would they would they count all the
people who died from
it and would they have accurate data do
you think they'd have accurate data and
if they compareed the data from let's
say different states and from different
hospitals and from different countries
do you think all that data would be
apples and apples do you think there
would be any assumptions involved do you
think that the assumptions that are put
into the study would drive the study
entirely or do you think that um the
assumptions weren't important well it
turns out that this thing you think was
a study
was nothing but somebody came up with a
 algorithm that if you plug in
your assumptions it'll tell you how many
people lived or
died that's right it's just a formula
like a like a climate
model it's like a climate model that you
make your own assumptions about what was
true and then you put your assumptions
in it and then it tells you based on
your assumptions and a climate model
that presumably is not accurate uh what
no this is complete now uh
Professor Norman Fenton does a good job
of explaining why it's complete
and uh you you have to you have to see
the degree to
which I'm going to say science is
laundered it's almost like money
laundering so they they launder science
through these weird algorithms and
project projection models and if you're
not if you're not sort of you know tuned
into what is science and what is
 you would think it's just more
science it's like oh they did some
science and they made a vaccination then
they did some more science to study how
well it did and now we know save 20
million good job science no that's not
what happened they used some science and
they made a vaccination and then they
have no way to know if it worked
basically you wouldn't need the
algorithm if you could just count
it so apparently you can't count it the
data doesn't allow that there's no data
from the pandemic that's
good I'm going to tell you this a
million times until everyone of you
knows it there's no
data related to the pandemic that you
should trust none none not if it says it
killed everybody not if it says it saved
everybody not if it says it's somewhere
in between there's nothing there's
nothing that's even a little bit
believable about what came out of the
pandemic and I I honestly I don't even
have
I'm not even leaning One Direction or
the other I I would say it's obvious at
this point that there were there were
more you more damage especially to young
people than was told the public so that
that part is pretty clear but I'm still
not entirely clear if even super old
people got some extra years of life I
don't really know because I don't
believe anything I read about the
topic all right
so there's a story RFK Jr was talking
about his voice issues called spasmodic
dysphonia but what he added to the mix
was he thinks it's possible he got the
condition as a result of taking a flu
shot because it happened
apparently around the time he got a flu
shot and then he looked at the list of
just I think there were just hundreds of
possible side effects and it's actually
listed as a side
effect I'd never heard of that before I
mean I had I had spasmodic dysphonia I
had it for three and a half years and I
got rid of it with surgery it's
incurable but I cured
it well let's give the surgeon some
credit for
that but um so do you think given that
it's one of the side
effects and that he he got the shot and
then he got
that are you
convinced well here's what I do know so
the people who are deeply into this
world of spasmodic dysphonia as I am and
have been know that almost every person
you talk to will tell you that it came
to them after a normal respiratory
problem so they got a something like a
normal cold or a normal
flu and then they used their voice
incorrectly so this is exactly what
happened to me so I got some kind of bug
that gave me laryngitis so I got a
normal laryngitis you know laryngitis
where you just go I try to talk I can't
talk now that doesn't sound like
spasmodic dysphonia at all spasmic
dysphonia is where you're you're
clipping words this would be spasmo
dysphonia if you're trying to order a
Diet Coke you might say
oh c right that doesn't sound anything
like laryngitis which is I want to do
this
but normal laryngitis if you keep trying
to talk through it as I did cuz I was on
a vacation and I kept trying to yell to
step kids and you know yell over noise
and talk in
restaurants by the time I was done it
had
triggered a full-on spasmodic dysphonia
that lasted for three and a half years
until I searched the planet and found
the one surgeon in the world who had a
surgery that could fix it and he did
now um I also got the condition at age
49 and unless it's changed it used to be
the age 49 is actually the um the most
normal age that it happens it's the
median age yeah I I got it exactly the
median age that the uh that the
literature says that's when it happens
exactly then yeah and it also came after
a respiratory problem and then when I
checked with other people who have it
because you know you end up meeting a
lot of other people with the same
condition they all had the same story I
oh yeah I had this respiratory problem
and next thing you know I've got
this so you've got two possible
hypotheses and there might be more than
that um I guess RFK junr was
42 so 49 is sort of the most normal
place that happens he was 42 so he was
definitely within that range of when it
happens no matter what you're doing now
could it be that it's caused by more
than one thing I think so to me that
seems reasonable there there's no reason
that only one thing could cause it and
his doesn't sound exactly like mine um
and there are a few flavors of it so
maybe but the only thing I want to add
is that if you think that it's all
caused by vac
injury um I'm close to certain that
that's not
true if the question is could have
caused it in one case because spasmodic
dysphonia you know existed long before
the vaccinations
did
so or did it h actually you know I need
to check that I don't know when the name
spasmodic dysphonia was first introduced
to the public H what did come first the
shots or the oh I guess I should look
that up anyway uh it is uncertain what
is the cause but there might be more
than one and uh for those who are
looking for the surgical cure I posted
on X um the contact that cured me Dr
Gerald s Burke MD at
UCLA's head and neck surgery so if
you're listening to this and you know
somebody who has spasmodic dysphonia and
you want to get them help you would go
to Google and you would search for Dr
Gerald Burke Gerald is spelled g r a l d
Burke is spelled with an e on the end b
e r ke if you just search for him um and
uh you could probably search for head
and neck surgery he'll pop right up
there's a phone number there you can
call the office and book A book your uh
interview all right U according to Zero
Hedge 63% of Voters in my area my County
demanded a recall of our Soros Spa Bay
Area District attorney Pamela price and
she has just now conceded that she lost
and she's stepping
down
wow talk about the Golden
Age what could be better than having a
Soros funded
da removed by the
public by the
public the the government was never able
to do this the government failed us
completely
but you know who who did not fail us
apparently the
founders cu the founders created a
system which allowed this you know
direct recall thing to become a law and
then the voters decided we're not going
to put up with this and they got rid of
they got rid of
her by
63% now keep in mind this is the bluest
of blue we're talking super blue here
we're in
California the blue the blue almost
2third of them said you got to get this
 out of here this is no
good and they
did now what could make me more
optimistic and what could be a bigger
deal than finding out that George
soros's da thing might be crumbling
under its own weight oh I got something
for
you I'm now get to tell you the most
important story in the world that maybe
you haven't heard yet now you're not
necessarily think this is the most
important story in the
world but I'm going to tell you with
that complete confidence that we heard
about earlier you know where smart
people think their opinions are better
than other
people this is one of those cases yeah I
think my opinion on this is better than
maybe yours unless you agree with me and
then you're brilliant if you agree with
me you're brilliant right this is the
biggest story in the
world and uh Fox News reporting
it Elon Musk expressed interest in
meeting Alex
Soros and Alex Soros said on X I believe
quote uh oh so musk said to Alex I would
be curious to meet and understand your
goals better so that's what musk wrote
to Soros on X and Alex Soros said quote
also an X I often learn most from people
whose views are different from my own
open to
meeting there it
is Elon
Musk just searched the world to find the
keyhole to stick his
key and he just found
it he found the keyhole to the
world you know I've been telling you for
a while that if the sorus organization
is so
influential why are they not on the news
every single day why isn't Alex sorus on
The View why isn't he on Fox News
explaining what he's doing if he's if
he's the one who's his money anyway is
one of the biggest influences in America
don't we need to hear from
him but here's what's
different if I said Alex Soros do you
want to go on a tough hard-hitting
interview for Fox News I would expect
him to say no there's not much in it for
him if I said but how about we send
Michael shellenberger to ask you some
tough investigative journalist questions
I would expect him to say no again
because what's in it for
him yeah because you know it's not going
to go his way so you've got this Keyhole
that basically is the thing that turns
on the engine of the world apparently it
seems to be affecting everything we care
about and nobody can get near the
keyhole unless you're the richest guy in
the world you're Elon Musk and you're
everyone's dad and it's very clear that
you don't have bad
intentions you're not trying to be the
dictator you're not trying to be the
next president you're not trying to win
any election he's not going to run for
any election he simply is one of the
smartest people we know and he's looking
to solve problem and there's a mystery
to it and Alex Soros is the center of
that mystery why are you doing this Alex
and this is a question I've been asking
you know on his ex account and other
places why are you doing this to us
because he's doing something to us he's
not really doing something for us or at
least it doesn't it doesn't strike me
that he's doing something for me it
looks like he's doing something to me
and I think you know I I don't want to
read elen mus mind but he seems to be as
puzzled to understand his motivations
because usually you understand people's
motivations you might not know their
strategy but you know what they want
right Alex Soros is the only person that
I can say un unambiguously I don't have
a
clue I have no idea why he does what he
does or why the source organization does
what it does the only thing I can
imagine is that they're captured by the
intellig
intelligence entities and they just do
what they're told to do but would he say
that and if and if he were asked
directly would he would he admit
it this isn't the fun part
yet you want to get to the fun
part probably nobody has more dad energy
than Elon Musk and if I were Alex Soros
I don't know how much Dad love I'm
getting you know what I mean does does
Sor Senor give a lot of dad love to his
children does he look like he's a full
of empathy and I don't know I've got a
feeling that Alex Soros may have been
under underp
parented it's just a
feeling and if you introduce uh Elon
Musk the ultimate well-meaning
smart credible dad figure what happens
to the two of
them do they have one conversation and
then and then that's
over I don't think
so I think they stay in
touch I think they touch bases
often and then I think Alex
realizes that he can't defend some of
his actions to his good friend and Dad
replacement Elon
Musk here's what I don't think anybody
fully understands about Elon
Musk he apparently has powers of
persuasion that are
unbelievable like I don't know exactly
what tools and techniques he uses but
he's clearly studied it you know as he
has many other domains and mastered them
he has kind of mastered
persuasion now he'll still still say
things that get people buzzing but even
those work because they bring energy to
him and then we listen to him blah blah
blah so he became so credible that he
could become partners with the elected
president of the United States and the
entire country goes hey you can't just
oh yeah yeah why
not who else could have done that who
else could have pulled off Doge I mean
it hasn't been pulled off yet but the
fact that it's you know maybe the top
thing that the country is looking at
who else could have done that nobody
else that's not just being able to do it
it's not just having the capabilities
it's not just being smart or patriotic
you've got to be really
persuasive the level of
persuasion that uh the Elon has now
because because part of it is based on
his credibility of doing things that are
good for the world you know if he hadn't
built Tesla if he hadn't built SpaceX
he'd have a lot less credibility
but you take his level of
credibility you take the
persuasion powers that I know he has
accumulated his talent attack for
persuasion is probably incredible now
you put him in a room with Alex who in
my opinion is
lost now I'm seeing it from a distance
and I can't read any Minds so I mean I
could be way off but Alex sorus looks
like somebody who could use a big
brother
you know uh maybe it's a father figure
maybe it's big brother but he seems like
somebody who could use some good
advice and I don't think we can fully
predict what happens when the matter and
the an Matter meet because they couldn't
be more
opposite but if you put them in a room
and wait two hours and then they leave
the room do you think that Elon Musk
will have adopted some of Alex soros's
beliefs or will Alex Soros leave the
room saying you know what I got to think
about
this you know the answer to
that Alex sorus will walk out of that
meeting saying I really have to rethink
this Elon Musk will walk out of the
meeting Elon
Musk he's not going to change a
bit why because he already got to all of
his opinions from you know first
principles start at the bottom how does
this make sense he he didn't have any
opinions given to him
like nobody gave him an opinion that
they uncritically accepted and then got
surprised later right but I've got a
feeling that Alex Soros grew up in a
environment in which right and wrong
were just sort of assigned and he's just
taking the Legacy forward so the the oil
and water of that is incredible but
here's the other thing that might be
important what if they're both nice
guys I I don't know if that's true I
mean I've never met either of them
personally but what if in
person they they just get
along that that would change the entire
world everything would change if they
just like each other and they might
because when I see pictures of Alex
Soros just hanging out and partying and
stuff I I I have two thoughts number one
I don't want him controlling my country
because he looks like he's having a good
time and the good looks like it's more
important to him number two I think he'd
be fun to hang out
with he it looks like he's just like a
fun just a fun guy you know I I've Got a
Feeling if you were partying with him
you'd be glad you were so what happens
if they just like each other and they
just get along it could change
everything but let's talk about some
more personalities so that's the biggest
story in the world right now can't wait
for them to
meet um Do You Remember remember when we
were told by the news that Trump is a
dictator with dictator personality he
wants to do dictator things and the only
thing that matters is what's good for
Trump and it's Trump Trump trump
dictator a narcissist dictator does any
of that sound familiar like everything
we heard every day now here's your
reality he just put together a team of
pirates most of which were not even
Republican until
recently so
he's the one who has the most people who
are opposed to him working for him
that's your dictator they all
volunteered he said yes it's the first
time I think in
history that we've ever seen a
politician win the presidency and then
say by the way this hugely credible
powerful smart influential person named
Elon and this amazingly talented
brilliant force of nature called vake
are going to do two of the most
important things that need to be done
which is get our debt back in control
and you know tame our government size
Etc and and he's going to let these two
unelected people do it
why because they
can because they can because they want
to because they have the skills and
we've never seen this before which
dictator gives that much Authority away
do you know how much credit Elon and uh
VI will get if they pull this
off
unbelievable unbelievable how much will
Trump get he'll get he'll get a big
share he's sharing credit on his biggest
play he's sharing credit does do that
what the dictator does do you ever hear
Putin say you know I got to be honest a
lot of the good work was done by my
general over there I'd like to give him
a call out no does uh president shei say
you know honestly a lot of this work was
done by other people you know I I was in
charge so I get some credit but really
really the other people and here's this
private citizen who did so much that you
know if he could run for president I
think he'd get
elected dictators don't do
that so you're you're watching this
dictator who is bringing people into
into the power structure in a way we've
never seen and who else is in the Inner
Circle of his power
structure Baron
Baron so we've got the president of the
United States this this this guy who
only wants what he wants and everything
about him and he will not listen to
anybody he's taking great advice from
apparently a very bright teen I guess
you know
18ish he's taking advice from the
smartest people we've ever seen in in
the public domain you know V and Elon
he's got a pirate ship full of people
who didn't agree with him until recently
and realize that they can work with him
to get some important stuff
done he could not be more opposite of
whatever that that idea is that
everything's about him and only his
ideas matter and it's all
narcissism he is he is already delegated
more power than I've ever
seen so there's that let's talk about
some of the people there's a lot of uh
there's a lot of talk about the nominees
so it's a lot of people heavy today so
Pete Heth I guess his uh the criminal uh
I guess the criminal report became uh
public now no charges were filed and as
somebody smarter maybe it was Megan
Kelly said this that uh part of the
original complaint was that there was a
woman who went to a hotel room with him
allegedly and had some what we think was
probably consensual sex but later she
said it wasn't and then um she said she
might have been drugged now did you see
what the result of the toxicology
was did anybody see that I think they
did confirm that she had you know DNA in
her so that there was something physical
that happened now but she claimed that
she was drugged you know like a rape
drug so do you remember what the
toxicolog report said about that no you
don't because there was no toxicology
report do you know why the why the
charges were not
filed because the police didn't believe
it
happened that's
why yeah the police weren't convinced
that happened now I don't know if they
did a Toxicology test that it came back
negative I don't know that but if it
came back positive don't you think you'd
heard about it by now
no it didn't come back positive so
whatever her excuse was for not being
consensual apparently the police just
said you drank a lot and you just went
and had sex with a really good-look
celebrity
okay cuz your husband found out
right
maybe so you had to tell your husband
that it wasn't because you were
attracted to a super attractive
celebrity it was because he may maybe he
drugged you right well I don't know I I
felt something maybe maybe you drugged
me okay if you can't if you can't
convince the
police and I think that they're they
want to be convinced
right I feel like I think the weight of
evidence leans toward Pete so um you
know you and I can never know what's
true but if I if I had to give him the
benefit of doubt I could give it easily
um I can go further than innocent to
appren guilty I can go all the way to
there's no
evidence yeah that's that's even better
than no proof there's not really
evidence except one claim that even the
police didn't
believe let's talk about some other
people did you know that the uh there
are Governors that are organizing and
some people organizing to be anti-trump
so that Trump is met with resistance no
matter what it is that he tries to do
are you surprised to find out that
there's a specific billionaire behind it
of course not because every organized
thing in in politics that looks like
it's you know the people getting
together is never that there's always a
billionaire behind it and according to
Gabe Kaminsky and the DC
examiner um who looks like he got a
scoop on this it's billionaire
uh Pierre omad Omar founder of
eBay who doesn't like Elon
Musk but
interestingly when he was at
eBay that's the company that bought
PayPal did they buy it from Elon Musk
and his
Partners so I wonder if they have any
bad blood because of some past
transaction about PayPal I've not I've
never heard of that but never know
sometimes these things are personal so
apparently this billionaire is maybe
behind some of the mark Elias legal work
might be behind organizing these
Governors that are going to be
anti-trump but
uh and apparently he also organized the
corporate boycotts against X so you got
a billionaire who really really doesn't
like Elon Musk or
Trump right so it does and he owns the
intercept isn't The Intercept where
Greenwald is is the The Intercept was
founded by Glenn Greenwald right and
then Greenwald left because they turned
into a something he didn't want to be
associated with is that because it was
bought by this eBay billionaire guy om
omed so all of these uh all these rich
people connections they always have
multiple connections don't they it's
like there's always more than one thing
that they've clashed on so it makes you
wonder how much of this is just
personal you know anti
Elon then there was a very strange post
I saw from Mark benof founder of
Salesforce now you might know Mark benof
as being very Pro Harris and
pro-democrat big you big funer um and
also a great guy so I met him once and
uh I was impressed
I what I say about Ben off is he's the
real
deal so when he talks about you know
helping helping people but also making
money and stuff he sells that completely
like that that seems completely sincere
to me and that's rare so he's he's more
like a almost like a Buddha but an
entrepreneur he's got a real a real
incredible energy about him that um uh
and and I've told you this story before
he's he's one of the first maybe one of
the only people who ever told me to my
face I did a bad job at
something I gave a speech for a
Salesforce when I wasn't doing speeches
and I wasn't really prepared but their
their speaker had canceled so I said I
I'll sub in I wasn't prepared and I did
the best I could but afterwards he told
me it was
bad and the funny thing was he was right
and you know I don't like hearing that I
did a bad job normally my speeches were
quite good but I would I gave had the
same opinion actually I thought oh that
didn't go too
well so the the fact that he gave me
that honest feedback it kind of made me
like him also because it was just honest
and it was right well you know he wasn't
lying I did a bad job so he's uh got a
comment about Ray Delio Ray Delio is one
of these famous investor guys writes
books people think he's a he's quite
brilliant mind in in addition to being a
brilliant investor and he wrote In Time
Magazine which is owned by Benny off you
need to know that so he may be boosting
the magazine or he may be agreeing with
the writer it's unclear but uh Delio
said quote it is now clear that Trump
will reform government and Country like
a corporate Raider engaging in a hostile
to takeover of an inefficient company
making huge reforms by changing people's
slashing costs and infusing infusing new
technologies now correct me if I'm wrong
isn't that a huge endorsement of what
Trump is
doing is there a second way to read that
because it's not an insult right he's
not saying it's an insult because you're
like a corporate
Raider he's saying that he's doing to
the government what what needs to be
done in an efficient free market which
is come in and fix things but what is
amazing
is that uh it was re reposted by benof
who owns Time Magazine which was it was
in the article and uh and he just said
amazing Ray Delio exclamation
mark is he
agreeing did that really happen I don't
know what's going on now I'm confused
did Mark benting off who again is the
real deal
did he just back Ray Delio saying that
what Trump's
doing is necessary and good and
important and it's like the biggest
thing he's
doing or
or or am I misreading
this because you know what would be a
good sign to the Golden
Age would be Mark Benning off saying hey
people we had an election we got a
winner and there's some things that this
president wants to do that we all want
is he doing that because that would be
incredible you you just don't see
important
people being this directly
useful you know I mean Elon Musk is
useful of course but I hope that's what
I'm seeing because this would be like a
huge thing in my world that would seem
like a huge symbol of the Golden Age
coming together but we'll see I don't
know I still have a question mark on
that
one Rand Paul says that Trump using the
military for Mass deportations would be
a huge mistake uh justtin news is
reporting that um I'm going
to slightly disagree with that uh I will
I will agree that if the citizens see
the military on the streets taking um
The Nanny away oh that's a big
mistake if you you see the US military
let's say the you know National Guard
take somebody out of their home who is
just a citizen who maybe even has been
working if I ever see that I'm going to
go
nuts because I don't want to see that
that that's not the country I'm living
in not good right but nobody's going to
do
that why why why does Rand Paul think
any of that's going to happen my
understanding is the following the
military would help
transport so you wouldn't even see them
on the streets they would just be you
know after the the people get rounded up
they might guard them some facility that
there's no public around so the military
maybe helps guard them military helps
transport them back to the country and
you the citizen never know that the
military was involved unless the Press
tells you because they're they're just
staying in their own domain and you know
letting the ice and those guys do their
job
would you be okay with
that you'd be okay with that right you
know as long as are just like doing a
support thing and you don't see them on
the streets definitely don't want to see
them knocking on doors I don't I don't
want to see anybody in the in the the
real military knocking on doors now I'm
going to completely change my opinion
you
ready unless they're going after the
Venezuelan gangs if there's a Venezuelan
gang
in an apartment building and they have
numbers and they have weapons bring the
military please bring the military all
of it bring as much as you want bring a
heavy
equipment whatever it takes I I want as
much muscle around that that place as
possible and I want the public to know
that these are not your regular
immigrants this is a criminal gang but
what I don't want is to artificially
restrict how much uh Firepower we bring
to the gangs right if I ever
hear that there's a shootout with let's
say you know ice and the Gang and
somebody in ice gets
shot and I find out that they could have
brought the military but they didn't
want to make it look
bad I'm going to be so pissed I think my
head will
explode no don't put the ice guys at
risk anymore and they have a dangerous
enough job if you need backup and you
need it to be the military bring it
all bring it
all bring 10,000 soldiers I don't
care but no we we got to do what we want
to do and do I think that the public
will object if we bring the military in
to solve a military problem on our
domestically no I don't think anybody
serious will complain about using the US
military to get rid of the the
gangs and if they do I don't care I I'm
willing to listen to their complaints
blah blah blah blah blah just do it
anyway you got to do what you got to do
right I mean let's not be idiots
right the the smart way to go is to get
rid of the criminals first if you need
the military because it's the gangs you
use the military don't be stupid right
this is supposed to be the common sense
government you know what we're looking
for is more common sense and less
wokeism common sense says you bring the
muscle you need for the
job bring the muscle that you need for
the job just don't overdo it it's
simple so ran Paul I agree with him that
there's a wrong way to do it so I I like
agreeing with Rand Paul because he's a
straight shooter and he's smart and you
can rely on him to disagree with the
powers of the be if if there's a reason
to do it so I I like to be on the same
side with him whenever I
can all right we're hearing more push
back about the idea of Mike Rogers being
head of
FBI um J Michael Waller who's a senior
analyst for
strategy uh an author on Intel subjects
and stuff
um he he thinks that uh that Chris Ray
the current FBI had is the what he calls
the palace unic meaning he doesn't run
the bureau the bureau runs him and he
thinks that Mike Rogers at best would be
more the same meaning sort of a
figurehead but the FBI would run him and
then he says his key claims does Jay
Michael Waller that Mike Rogers um
covered for Hillary on Benghazi promoted
the Russia collusion conspiracy theory
and as part of the surveillance
industrial
complex now you can't get much more Miss
unqualified than that
I mean those are all hard NOS you know
for Republicans I I'm I'm a little
confused why he's even in the mix but
then here's Glenn
Greenwald on the same topic he said
there's literally no worse appointment
possible than choosing Mike Rogers for
FBI director or for any government
position he's the single most devoted
loyalti loyalist to the US Security
State and all of its multifaceted abuses
it doesn't get worse than Mike Rogers
now also Mike Ben has been weighing in
with a similar opinion that it's a
absurd choice now here's my
question does Trump not know
that by now of course he knows it I mean
if he didn't know it on any day one he
obviously knows it
now why is he still in the
mix it is the whole thing that he's he's
going to tease that it'll be this guy
but then he'll slot in somebody that you
know maybe like cash Patel or something
is he is he really just
positioning because I don't think so I
mean it would be kind of a ballsy play
to sacrifice this Mike Rogers guy and
not really be serious about
it so I don't know about that but I'm
going to if I see that green Weld and
Benz and I don't know Michael uh Michael
Waller but if I see green Weld and have
the same
opinion I I'm convinced so remember I've
been telling you that you know we used
to watch the news and then if the news
said something we thought it was true
but now we know that watching the news
is not really about the truth so you
have to get your truth somewhere
else I I'm finding that the most
persuasive elements in the world are
podcasters
uh meaning that
um that if I hear somebody who is high
credibility in general you know it could
be Elon or VI it could be Mike Ben it
could be Greenwald it could be Mike
shellenberger could be you know I can
name 10
more those are the people I trust so
those are the people who change my
opinion in real time like if I have an
opinion and I read any one of those
names that I just mentioned and they
disagree with me I I almost changed my
opinion in real time like I don't even
have to go think about it and that's
because they've earned it that's
something they've earned
through um they've earned it through
pure pure work
delivering not falling for
hoaxes um covering the important stories
and having good sources and good takes
so
I'm uh I would have to say that I'm
solidly against Mike Rog for FBI but not
based on my own reporting based on the
credibility of the people who
are Nikki Haley took a run at tulsey
gabard Jim SKU at CNN is reporting this
so Nikki hilly had what's called a
blistering critique of Tulsi gabard and
he calls her a a
sympathizer with I guess some variety of
Putin and Putin like people and she's
not qualified says says uh Nikki Hy
because of her close ties to Russia and
quote other foreign
adversaries uh she says quote this is
not a place for a Russian Iranian Syrian
Chinese sympathizer dni that would be
the job that TL's up for Director of
National Intelligence has to analyze
real threats Haley said under her radio
program are we comfortable with someone
like that at the top of Our National
Intelligence agencies all right here is
is one of my tips for
BS so write this one down this is a BS
detector tip if Nikki Hy had said I'm
worried that she is a sympathizer with
Russia I would say to myself H maybe
maybe that's something I should look
into that's a pretty dire claim you know
I'd like to see if maybe there's a
counter to that but you know if Nikki
Haley who's well connected and C
experienced if she thinks that if she
thinks that that that Tulsi having a
what she calls a close tie to Russia is
bad I'll take that seriously oh wait but
also the
Iranians oh wait but also the syrians oh
wait but also the Chinese and now you
lost
me do I believe that Tulsi is a
sympathizer with Russia Iran Syria and
China seriously
I mean seriously does that sound like
anything you should take
seriously no literally nobody has that
opinion these are four different
countries with four different
challenges it's kind of
absurd and uh so this is sort of the
laundry list tip when you see a laundry
list of problems it means that they
don't have one problem that they can
rely on to make their case they're
hoping that you look at the list and you
go oh well I'm not sure she's a Russian
asset but I didn't know about this
Iranian thing or now the Syrian thing is
just more of the Russian thing and I
don't believe that and she doesn't
really have any connections to China and
China but but wait a minute what if the
Iranian thing is real so that's how the
that's how the uh laundry list
persuasion works it relies on you to say
well a few of these aren't true but if
if even one of these is true that would
be disqualifying
probably none of them are
true right and when you use words like
sympathizer what are you trying to
do well that leads me to my next
Point um do you think that Democrats
have learned their
lesson about what messages they can sell
what they can't do you remember you've
seen a bunch of Democrats say recently
and they all act like they're the the
first ones who thought of it hey I don't
know if anybody's thought of this but
maybe we should have concentrated on the
price of eggs and then you'll see
somebody else say it like it was also
the first time they thought of it hey
you know
what I'm starting to think we should
have concentrated on the price of
eggs but
instead they they tried to sell Trump as
Hitler and a fascist and the public just
said seriously we just keep keep hearing
these words they don't mean anything
anymore um but did they learn their
lesson so are we now seeing that the
that the Democrats are solidly looking
at the price of
eggs
nope uh they're calling uh various Trump
people sympathizers they're stealing
democracy U maybe the gase nomination is
about humil humiliating Republicans
because Trump is that kind of a
personality uh broad-based tariffs which
of course will not be used this just a
threat that you got to worry about those
broad-based tariffs uh he's going to
deport 20 million people that's never
going to happen and uh he going to use
the military to deport him which means
the military will be knocking on your
doors none of these are
true the these are the biggest
complaints about Trump none of these are
true they just went right back to where
they were now in this case you've got
two Republicans Nikki Haley and and the
case of Rand Paul in the military use of
the deportations you've got even a
couple of
Republicans who are veering into the not
the price of eggs territory so let me
try to explain
it in a way that every Democrat can
understand it you
ready there's the price of eggs very
important now here eggs are a standin
for things you need to buy to stay alive
eggs
the price of eggs very important here's
what's not
important sympathizers stealing
democracy humiliating Republicans
broad-based tariffs that will never
happen 20 million deportations that will
never happen the military knocking on
doors to get rid of your your nanny
who's worked for you for 10 years never
happened all the Trump critics went
right back to where they
were because he's not doing anything
wrong
if they had real things to about
do you think that they would be coming
up with this stuff no th this is the
sign of the
emptiness this is total emptiness maybe
if I make up a word I saw I could tie it
to him with a a laundry list and you
know some I I'll do some mind reading oh
yeah yeah I got it now I can see his
real intentions oh yeah yeah he's really
he's not just trying to get a an
attorney General that will be loyal and
get the job done he wants to humiliate
the Republicans who are against
him it's all Basia
crazy they they're not even real things
nobody's stealing your democracy there's
no dictators happen there's no fascism
happening there's no humiliating
Republicans there's just he wants
and he has a good reason for wanting it
a really good reason to get a loyal FBI
guy on his side a really really really
good reason that that's not and though
so you it's almost the imaginary world
versus the real one it's just this
complete
imaginary almost theatrical fictional
world of
trump here's the funniest story of the
day you know David hog um he's a
anti-gun activist he was one of the ones
who survived the famous school shooting
whose name I don't remember but you do
breart is reporting that uh David hog
met with quote researchers and activists
and they're trying to figure out how to
lure more young men back to the Democrat
Party and uh Breitbart was asking uh
what advice would you give
them um I feel like this is uh Parkland
yes the Parkland uh school shooting so
David hog was a survivor of that became
a uh very effective activist um I
believe he went to Harvard and now now
he's out Harvard so he's a smart guy
anyway so he's going to try to figure
out how do we figure out how to lure the
young men back to the Democrat
Party
well ah anybody got any
advice anybody got any
ideas uh How to lure the anti-gun Guy
back to the Democrat
Party all right I've got some advice
yeah it has to do with the definition of
a
man now everybody has their own
definition you know what what's a man
like a man does this and a man does this
here's my
definition a man is what you get when
you stop telling people how to
be yeah let that sink in a man is what
you get when you stop telling people how
to
act what's left is a
man I just let that sink in for a little
bit a man is what's left when you T when
you stop telling people how to
act yeah just just think about that one
for a while and what do the Democrats do
most they tell you how to act we're
going to tell you how to talk no he
can't talk like that we're going to put
a vaccination in your arm now Trump is
part of that as well of course uh we're
going to uh we're going to tell you that
you should be a Democrat even though
we're offering you
nothing um we're going to uh take away
your guns your free speech
your um and we're going to let
uh we're going to take away your
children yeah your children won't be
yours anymore if the school says they
should be taken away from you to be
transitioned we're going to do
that so if you want men to come
back how about letting them be
men so if the only people who can be
Democrats are people who are willing to
uh cosplay as
women then that's what you're going to
get in my opinion the the biological
males who identify as Democrat are just
cosplaying as women because they found
it
easier and and the Republicans are
mostly people who said you know what how
about I am a
man and you're not going to take all my
 and we're done with
that that's a man the man says no you're
not going to take all my you're not
going to take my free speech you're not
going to take my gun you're not going to
take my child you're not going to take
all my taxes tax money you're not going
to take my job and ship it to another
country you're not going to take my
adult child and ship him to some dumb
 war that we shouldn't be in how
about you just leave me the alone
and then I'll show you a
man so that's my advice David
hog leave men
alone don't try to take all the
 then you'll find the men they will
be what's
left well Joe Biden is apparently doing
something called Trump proofing his uh
Hall Market chips act now that was where
he was going to spend spend billions of
dollars to bring chip building to
America Shores so that we're not
vulnerable to taiwan's specifically so
Taiwan and their biggest chip company is
going to um build um chip makers in the
US and that's part of a big deal there
and I guess the Trump proofing it part
is I don't know just making sure we've
committed to the expense but why is this
Trump
proofing what am I
missing does Trump not want uh highly
important
security
military chips to be made in the United
States was Trump going to cancel this do
you think Elon Musk was going to say nah
let's make all of our most important
stuff in
Taiwan who exactly was going to be
against this th this is one of the very
best thing that the Biden Administration
did I remember being completely on board
when I first heard it it's like ah yes
yes yes Joe Biden that is correct you
you should incentivize the chip makers
to come back to the US even if it's
really expensive because this one's
military like we we can't really
survive if we have to depend on Taiwan
forever for
chips so I'm just going to give a Pat in
the back um now we have to be careful
about waste you know there obviously
there could be a bad way and a good way
to to do it and maybe there's some bumps
in the road but no this is exactly what
we should be doing I can't criticize
Biden for that so apparently enough
votes been counted that Trump did not
get a majority of the votes he got more
Trump got more votes than K Harris but I
guess when you throw in the third party
people both of them were below
50% so Trump did not he got really close
but he did not win a majority of the
voters he won he w won the popular vote
so it's still fair to say he won the
popular vote but he didn't get over 50%
and the the Democrats are just going to
ride that horse forever well you know it
was a tie basically that's what they're
going to say and they're not completely
wrong
um so let's talk about uh
Ukraine as you know Biden has
uh approv the use of the more dangerous
long long range uh missiles to be used
inside Russia which is the red line that
Russia said don't ever do that if you do
that we're at a war with the United
States and so apparently we're at war
with Russia uh but the part I that
bothers me the
most is that the name of the
missiles is
attacks
really now I get that they probably
tried to make the uh so it's an acronym
you know a t a c Ms or something um I
get it that's an acronym and maybe they
they put some work into making it sound
clever
but don't make your weapon sound
cartoony don't make your instruments of
death like kind kind of
light-hearted I don't need that no I
don't I don't need them to be attacks oh
and then all the people in the news are
saying it it's like ah sent the
attacks it makes them sound like they
understand something military well we'll
use the attacks but if the attacks don't
work we'll use the
shums and then if that doesn't work
we'll use the
bombam you just Chang the name that's
all I'm
asking um I'm going to say again that I
believe that the risk of nuclear war
with Russia is exactly zero because
they're not crazy they don't absolutely
have to create a nuclear war there's
there's no there's no rule or law or you
know there's no law of physics that says
they have to do it they don't want it um
and all all they have to do is wait a
few weeks and Trump will come in and
then they'll be talking and then they'll
fix it up so literally we've never had
less risk of nuclear war now your news
wants to tell you you do have a risk cuz
then you're going to click on it but no
this is the lowest risk you'll ever have
in your life of nuclear war with Russia
because everything every single signal
says oh we have rational people in
charge now let's
talk and you know Trump's the big dog
and when the big dog gets off the porch
the other dogs say oh big dogs here
let's act
differently
meanwhile um I do think that Putin might
destroy much of
Kiev um just to position himself for
negotiations so that's a
problem
um meanwhile in Israel the uh not in
Israel but the international criminal
court which is not in Israel um issued
arrest warrants for the Israeli Prime
Minister Netanyahu and former Defense
Min Minister Galant alleging that they
committed war crimes and crimes against
humanity during the offensive in Gaza
now if it makes you feel any better the
international criminal court
also um went after the October 7th
people so they don't love
Hamas but they're not loving um
Israel's response does that make any
difference in the
world because I don't think it does it
but does it make it dangerous or
impossible for Netanyahu to travel
anywhere except the United States so the
United States of course is not going to
buy buy into this but what if Netanyahu
just took a Trum trip to
Denmark what what happens if he just
goes to
France can he be
arrested and then what would
happen somebody is saying that Jesse
smollet's conviction was overturned by
the Illinois Supreme Court that doesn't
sound
real Is that real did something happen
with Jesse
smle I'm going to say not real unless I
see a confirmation of
that yeah so I don't know what's going
to happen with that
but sort of awkward if you're
traveling uh and your name is oh
international
criminal uh and by the way I'm not
saying that any I'm not saying that
they're International criminals as you
know my view on my view on Israel is
that I don't support the Israeli
government's position on any of this I
simply observe it and as an observer I
think everybody would say h pretty much
anybody would act the same way in that
situation so you don't have to approve
it or not approve it they're not
listening to me they don't care what my
opinion is I just I just observe
it what's this happening uh mayorcas and
Ray skip Senate
hearing huh so I guess they know they're
don't have to stick around too
long uh oh looks like that's real that
uh Jersey mullet's conviction was
overturned I wonder why we'll find out
about
that Ukraine cannot fire the missile
without direct involvement of the US or
other nations
well um yes it it's possible that the
whole who's firing those attack of
missiles they might be gaming it a
little
bit because Le let's say let's say
America makes the
missile but there's nobody in Ukraine
that knows how to I don't program it to
fire properly so let's say they also
program
it um but somebody still has to approve
it and push the button do you think the
NATO person pushes the button and
approves it
I say no I say the Ukrainian military
pushes the button so I don't know does
it matter that the Americans programmed
it feels like the person who pushes the
button is the one who's firing it
because building it in the first
place is more involvement than
programming it programming it is just
another minor thing you do to make it a
functional
missile but you don't blame the person
who made the missile and made it
programmable don't you blame the person
who fired
it so I'm not entirely sure that the
they can't fire it without the us or or
NATO they can't fire it without NATO
involvement NATO involvement might be
just to say here it is all set up push
this button when you're
ready so I don't know I don't think I
don't think Putin's going to launch a
nuclear weapon over a technicality like
that I think he'd be far more like to
say if you fire one more of these
attacks I'm going to level keave with
traditional weapons and then just do it
now if he did that I hate to give him
advice but you probably should do that
in anyway if he wants a good
deal uh again I hope he doesn't but if
he wants the best deal he can get he
probably will turn up the pressure with
Conventional Weapons as high as he can
turn it
up all right
Trump thinks the money should go to
American corporations I don't know what
that's
about all right um are going to go talk
to the uh locals people
privately my subscribers thanks for
joining and I will see the rest of you
tomorrow thanks for joining on YouTube
and Rumble and
X always a
delight
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e