pom pom pom pom pom hey where's
everybody oh there you are hey Harry
come on in good to see you
the rest of you come on in you seem a
little slow this morning what's going on
what's going on but I do notice that you
all look a little bit sexier than usual
I think that's probably just from the
exposure to coffee with Scott Adams you
have that effect but before we get going
I think you know what you need you need
a little thing called the simultaneous
sip and you can do that without much
preparation at all all you need is a
copper marker glasses snifter Stein
chalice tanker thermos flask canteen
Grail goblet vessel of any kind solid
with your favorite liquid I'm partial to
coffee and join me now for the
simultaneous sips the dopamine hand of
the day and the thing that makes
everything better go better than ever
oh well let's talk about a few things I
mentioned in the title of this periscope
that the simulation is talking to us
every now and then I feel as though
we're just as sort of a simulation where
as the writer is writing hackneyed sort
of obvious plot parts where you say yeah
that part's obvious I saw that comment
that's exactly the way I would have read
it here's an example kim jungeun has
decided that the resort that he built
with the help of South Korea some some
years ago is too shabby it was to tear
it all down and start over and build
himself a new better resort do I have to
even
finish the rest of this kim janggun
needs help building a luxury resort come
on are you telling me that this stuff is
randomly happening there's got to be
somebody writing this this reality
because what could be more perfect as an
opening for President Trump than to say
you know I know a guy
let's just get together and talk about
you resort would it be the coolest thing
ever this is not going to happen but
just you can imagine it in this weird
world would it be the coolest thing ever
if the president invited kim jungeun
over to the White House just to talk
about the resort and then just then
that's it yeah we just wanted to talk
talk about the resort see if we can help
now you're saying to yourself wait wait
wait that would be a waste because what
about nuclear weapons is everything but
here's the thing you don't have to worry
too much about a company or a country
that has nuclear weapons if they like
you that's how it works people point
their weapons at people they don't like
so if President Trump just continues to
like kim jeong-hoon
as long as he's president we don't
really have much of a problem now the
next president might be a problem but
what are the odds that kim jongwan needs
to wants to build up a quality resort
that's just too perfect steven crowder
YouTube personality I don't know what to
call him but he's got a youtube show
with a lot of lot of followers and he
claims that he has discovered that
Google is restricting searches for tulsi
gabbard
but only in the United States so
apparently if you search in Europe you
get lots of results if you search in the
United States you get fewer here's my
problem with that I do not for a moment
doubt that the allegation is true but is
that the only way
this could happen the answer is maybe
not this is one of those situations
where the other explanation could fall
into that big gray category of things
you couldn't have imagined things you
never thought of things that are caused
by other things you didn't know were
things so it's certainly completely
feasible and fits all observed
everything there Google would be
intentionally suppressing some
candidates
none of that would be surprising none of
that would I think even be new but is
this one of those cases the trouble is
for every one of these situations where
you're sure you use you've caught them I
got you now now there's there's no way
you can explain this away sometimes
there are ways to explain it away
they're just not obvious now I don't
know if there is one in this case I'm
making more of a general statement that
when you see some specific claim about a
social media platform might be true it
might be true but you don't know all the
variables at all so it might not be true
let me give you an example where I can't
imagine anything but bad behavior being
a reason I recently got a DM from
somebody who follows me on Twitter both
of us are let's say names you might be
familiar with so the person who TM to me
is somebody you may have seen on Twitter
or would know of the person from that
person's other work and informed me that
he or she had to just keeping some
privacy in the conversation there told
me that he or she has had to repeatedly
follow me on Twitter I think three or
four times now and each time gets
unfollowed automatically now I say to
myself well first of all this same thing
happened to my brother and my brother
only follows one person
my brother only follows me that's it
it's the only reason he's on Twitter
just to follow but he is one person he
follows and after months of following me
one day got automatically unfollowed now
do you think there's any chance that
that was a fluke or a random accident
with Twitter maybe you know maybe but I
I can't I can't see it as being possible
and then when the the newer one reported
it's the same thing when I did a little
Twitter poll some time ago in which I
asked how many people have have been
automatically unfollowed from me and I
think I got 1500 people or something
whatever was was a big number so it
seems to me that twitter automatically
unfollowing is a thing but I don't know
why it doesn't necessarily mean
anybody's intentionally doing it because
if you've ever worked with software you
know that unintentional consequences are
the most common thing in the world so
for example let's say the algorithm
couldn't handle I don't know a certain
volume of things you you would only
notice that with some users who have
high volumes of activity because it's a
volume related bug so I could I could
certainly see that somebody like me as I
guess 342 thousand followers and maybe
if I've got a tweet that's getting a lot
of attention this is just a hypothetical
I'm not saying this is likely I'm just
giving you a hypothetical could it be
that there could be a bug that would
only affect larger accounts and because
I tend to be looking for problems and
people reporting them to me because
they're looking for problems could it be
the Conservatives hear about the bug
while it's happening at the same rate
with large you know left-leaning
accounts but they're not looking for it
because they don't expect there's any
problem could it be just selective
attention
that it's a universal bug that affects
some people under some circumstances but
the people on the Left have no reason to
suspect the platform's are doing
anything wrong so I've just never
noticed is that possible totally
possible it's it's completely possible
that what looks unambiguously like it
has to be bad behavior could have some
other explanation
so to avoid loser think always remind
yourself that the most likely
explanation for an event you can't
explain is something you haven't thought
of
it's just something beyond your
experience but it's not that unusual by
the way if you have not ordered my book
looser think it's available now for a
pre-order and it would help me a lot of
you with that
so please do because sooner is better
all right
let's talk about Germany so here's
here's more of the the simulation
winking at us
I I thought this was a fake story when I
first read it but I think this is a real
story because it was on a real news site
was it on Fox News I think Germany's so
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel said
that the country's attempt at building a
multicultural society have utterly
failed can you believe that so Angela
Merkel one of trumps biggest critics and
of course everybody in the world is a
critic of Trump for wanting to limit the
amount of or at least amount or even
types of immigration because it's a
drain on the country it's you know a
burden on the country if if it takes too
much the simulation takes away from jobs
etc you know the arguments but Angela
Merkel has just come right out and said
that the immigration and the
multicultural society utterly failed
is that the most mind-blowing thing
you've ever seen now she does go on and
say that they're committed to continuing
immigration and their continued and
they're committed to making it work even
though it has not worked yet so she has
said fairly unambiguously I mean utterly
fail this as clear as you can say
something she's saying that the thing
that has been my primary policy one of
my biggest differences with the
president who's doing it the other way
my biggest policy almost a signature you
know event is that utter failure and I'm
gonna keep doing it that's actually what
she said it's mind blowing and the thing
is that with Trump I think Trump
supporters have always had the following
feeling that Trump would be excoriated
eviscerated and criticized more than
you've ever seen anybody criticized for
most of his decisions in the short run
but that time would vindicate him in
other words he's making Trump often
makes what I would call adult decisions
that really really hurt when they
happened but the whole point is that
later you'll be better off so I would
say that Trump is vindicated on trade
negotiations with China for example
wouldn't you say he's been vindicated
meaning that every the critics said no
no you can't have a trade war the
economy will plunge didn't happen
Trump was right I mean it had a big
effect on some segments which we can do
what we can do to help ease them such as
the farming segment but apparently it
didn't hurt our economy at all
Trump was right and as we learn more
about China's bad behavior the country
has been persuaded by Trump from hey
leaves China alone it's just business
- oh my god China is a real problem on a
lot of different levels from fentanyl to
you name it and stealing our IP - bad
bad trade negotiate
so now I think Trump has been completely
vindicated no matter what happens with
China if we get a trade deal he'll be
vindicated and if we decouple he'll also
be vindicated because remember the
starting point is that we don't want
those old deals which I know they're not
a good partner he's right I would say
he's been totally vindicated when Trump
became president even before he was
sworn in the experts said the economy is
going to crumble crumble I say did it no
it did not the all the experts were anti
Trump we're all wrong here's another one
just to blow your mind
it looks like things are gonna work out
in Syria as of this morning so maybe
that'll change by tomorrow but as of
this morning
it looks like Russia and Turkey have
decided to work together to patrol the
the the safe zones which will allow
Turkey to repatriate people it will
create a much more stable situation and
it killed exactly zero American troops
to get it done none how many Kurds got
killed
have you heard because my news sources
don't tell me I don't know if even one
has died do you I mean I assume people
have died because it's military action
bombs are going off
I don't know how nobody would die but
why if we heard zero estimates reliable
ones you know from some kind of entity
that you would trust zero estimates of
death maybe there weren't many maybe
there weren't many because that looks
like they've worked it out and it looks
like the president is gonna be totally
vindicated again meaning that shaking
the box and just saying all right we're
out if you can't make a deal with us in
make a deal with us out so he took us
out I think history is gonna love him
for this let me ask you another question
this is for the historians historians
please weigh in is there any American
president who has had fewer military
troops for our country died during his
first three years as any president had
fewer military deaths for his own
country in his first three years
probably there must be some periods
where we weren't fighting much but he
might have the record yeah you might
have to go back to the silly Senate Van
Buren Calvin Coolidge you might have to
go back a while you might have to go
back a while and if you do go back you
end up with a lot of accidental military
deaths I mean my guess is that if you go
back you know 100 years you had military
people dying from all kinds of things
that they didn't need to be dying from
that were not necessarily military
related so somebody says Jimmy Carter I
don't know maybe tell that second
simultaneous it without the simultaneity
was great too
so it looks like we're heading toward a
situation where the Trump might get
impeached at the same time he may have
the best record of any president for
preserving life you know military life
on in our country he might have the best
economy of all time the best policy
about trade negotiations and then I
talked about this before even the left
is agreeing that Trump made Mexico pay
for the wall even those critics agree
that he made pact Mexico pay for the
wall now what I'm talking about is
actually paying for their own troops to
guard the southern part of Mexico to
keep the caravans from coming up which
effectively is a big explanation there's
a big expense
so I don't know it just seems like one
thing after another Trump is being
proven to be correct in the wrong in the
long run what do you think of this story
that Hillary Clinton's email server
there were a bunch of improprieties by a
bunch of people but none of it raises
the level of you know a legality I guess
so there won't be any legal anything for
Hillary Clinton based on her email
server now let's all check our
predictions what was your prediction
about the outcome of the Hillary Clinton
email situation once you knew that
Republicans were going to be looking
into it all right remember it's not
Hillary's own inside her team that was
looking into it it was Republicans and
Democrats too but what did you think was
going to be the outcome well I'll tell
you what my prediction was does anybody
remember what my prediction was for the
emails no big deal that was my
prediction my prediction was it's no big
deal
it'll never turn into anything because
there's enough there you know there are
some things they shouldn't been done the
way they were done but there just isn't
enough there that no law would become a
legal now was that your prediction
because one of the things I recommend
didn't loser think is they you track
your predictions even if you didn't make
them even if you didn't make them in
public as I did track how many times
you're right and how many times you're
wrong
because if you find out that your
predictions are consistently wrong maybe
do something differently I would say
that this is the situation in which my
prediction was exactly right yeah it
wasn't perfect people did some things
there were some things categorized wrong
but not much there just nothing there
now what do you think will come of the
Ukraine phone call situation well for
those of you who say I never criticized
the president or this administration
let me criticize the president
and the administration right now and
this will be a pretty big criticism so
again
store this away when you when you're
tempted to say Scott only agrees with
the president and says whatever he does
is right it's all good
I am starkly going to disagree with how
the president and his staff have handled
the Ukraine phone call situation all
right
here's what they're doing wrong they
should have gone directly at it they
almost did the front the president has
said it was a perfect phone call and
then Mulvaney did his confusing thing
where he thought he was talking about
one thing but then he tried to clarify
it and made it worse so I would say that
the administration has completely blown
an easy layup here's the layup now there
might be some lawyer who tells me that
this is a bad idea but this is my
opinion for now the president should
have said and still can and his
administration should have said and
still can and the pundits who support
him should have said this and still can
that it was absolutely the president's
job to look into any problems with the
Biden's and the Ukraine's it's his job
and here's the here's the key part its
his top priority so you need to throw
that in don't don't just say well it's
the president's job to make sure that
there's no foreign interference in our
political system Biden is still leading
in the polls not just against other
Democrats but against Trump according to
all objective major measures if you take
your subjectivity out of it for a moment
Biden is the most likely next president
does Biden have some things which needs
some explaining it may not be illegal
but certainly we need some visibility on
it with his connections with Ukraine yes
unambiguously yes there's no question
that because hunter Biden had an
association there was a lot of money for
we can't tell what
presumably political connections that
alone the stuff that we know the public
knows is by far enough for the president
to say can you look into Joe Biden is
there any Joe Biden anything that we
need to worry about with Ukraine and
look into his son in particular now have
you heard the president say that
somebody said he said it I have not
heard the president say these two things
it's my job it's my top priority that's
the key part the top priority part is
the making you think past the sale part
if you just say it's my job they'll say
I know it's not maybe that maybe the FBI
should be doing that they'll argue it
even if their argument is bad so if you
just say yes my job to look into these
things that's not enough take it to the
next level level - it was my top
priority because you want them to argue
not whether it was your job yes or no
because you know they'll say no it was
his job but they'll say no you want
alright you want them to argue past the
sale of whether it was his job and into
the sale of was it his top priority or
just something important
top priority or just something important
top priority or just important if you
can bring their minds there then you
have them exactly where you want them
because it's either top priority or just
something important but to hear them let
me say I've got a little quote here from
somebody on the other team talking about
this in the worst possible way so who
said this was it in some political piece
today somebody said that bomb doesn't
matter that that the Trump supporters
are being forced into a fallback
argument right so this is what the the
anti-trump are saying saying that what
he did was inappropriate talking about
the Ukraine phone call and asking them
to look into Biden agreeing that it was
inappropriate but falls short of the
state
for high crimes and misdemeanors needed
for impeachment is that the fallback
argument to say yeah okay he did it but
it's not that bad it's not impeachable
bad that's not the fallback argument
that's a terrible fallback argument how
about using the argument instead of a
fallback argument it's not a fallback to
say it was his job to look into foreign
interference there was plenty of
evidence that says that should be looked
into and it was his top priority it's
not a fallback argument it's the
argument it's never been made why am I
the only person saying this but does
anybody by the way I've set this now a
number of times in public maybe not as
clearly as I'm saying it now I've not
seen it anybody argue against what I'm
saying is there any legal reason that he
can't claim that keeping the country
safe from foreign interference
especially when it's so blatant it's so
blatant in the sense that there's enough
there that you need to look into it
which is different from saying it's
blatantly illegal or it's problem don't
know if it's problem do know I want to
look into it it is his job to ensure
that foreign aid is not wasted in
corruption correct but off point so
those people were saying but he was
doing his job by asking them to look
into CrowdStrike and the 2016 election
that's not the part anybody's arguing
about so you don't need to defend the
part that nobody's talking about
that part's fine it's only the part
about looking into Biden that the left
has been allowed to define as digging up
dirt on your political opponent as long
as you allow them to define what
happened as digging up dirt on your
political opponent well that's never
right alright then nobody's going to be
in favor of that but here are some words
that mean exactly the same thing and are
100 percent accurate he was protecting
foreign against foreign interference
he was doing his job and it was a top
priority and we have a deal with with
Ukraine that we cooperate on this stuff
there's no way that my approach isn't
the kill shot on this and I am puzzled
why the Trump administration doesn't
take it unless there's some kind of
legal reason that's not obvious to me I
don't know how it would ever be illegal
to do your job and also work on your top
priority with an ally who has an
explicit agreement for this that we have
a coordination agreement on judicial
stuff so it blows my mind that the
administration has completely I would
say completely messed up on their
response to all this stuff they had a
clear kill shot still do not using it
they're letting the kill shot just lay
there how about it was my job and it was
my top priority
and you would be mad if I didn't do it
I'm loving the Republicans response to
this guy Taylor who apparently was one
of the secrets testimonies so secret
meaning that some of the Congress people
know what was said but not the public
it's all secret secret secret
so because it's secret the bad people
can define it any way they want so the
Democrats can say AHA you would not
believe the secret stuff we heard about
the president today I can't tell you but
man he's so impeached based on what I
heard that I can't tell you now what are
you going to do with that
there's nothing you can do with it
because you can't prove your case you
can't show the facts you just have
somebody making an opinion so the
Republicans have gone with this they're
saying that his his testimony was
totally dismantled by somebody else's
questions is that true
there's a totally
that the witness tailor and the case was
totally dismantled by a few questions
from a Republican who knows who knows we
weren't there so it's actually
diabolically clever to simply make up a
lie that woof sets their lie because I'm
pretty sure it's a lie that something
was said that's you know just as
impeachment is your thing I'm sure
that's a lie from the Democrats it's
probably a lie from the Republicans to
say that the testimony was so dismantled
and discredited it's all done that's
probably not true it's probably some
gray area in between that's exactly what
you thought it would be a big gray area
in between but it's a good strategy
because nobody can check it all right
the president started calling the
Democrats that you do nothing Dems and
people have asked me is that good good
branding does that effect a good
persuasion bad persuasion and it's sort
of a mixed bag do-nothing Dems rolls off
the tongue really well easy to repeat
you know what it means it's on target it
looks like they aren't doing anything
except resisting the president but
here's what it doesn't have it doesn't
have a visual and it's not scary your
two strongest persuasion techniques are
fear this doesn't really have any fear
they're the less you're the less that
Congress does you know may be the better
way off we are right people are not
afraid of Congress not doing stuff
that's just business as normal
maybe they prefer it and there's nothing
visual about the concept of Democrats
doing nothing doing nothing is literally
the opposite of a visual there's nothing
there so the president's usual
persuasive genius I would call it often
has something in there that some fear or
a visual the wall etc and he doesn't
have that this was but he does have it's
got a good sound to it you know it rolls
off the tongue do-nothing downs
do-nothing Dems it's just that I don't
know what you would call that in musical
sense but it just the words work well
together now that's something he does
really well I've talked about that with
make America great again makes America
great a man almost almost has a
percussion beat to it make America great
again it almost has drum beat I mean
that is seriously good stuff make
America great again do nothing down do
nothing Dems it's got a good percussion
what I'd say it's not it's not here's a
plus material because it needs a picture
or some fear it doesn't have either Joe
Biden is I don't know what to make of
this but he's he's going up in the polls
Joe Biden is actually going up in the
polls he's basically a walking
advertisement for dementia and he's
still the top Democrat now one way to
look at it is well he's got good name
recognition another way to look at it is
gosh I guess they really want to win
because they think he's the one who can
win and that's all they care about
that's one way to look at it here's
another way to look at it how terrible
are the 16 or whatever people running
for the Democratic nomination how bad
must they be that Joe Biden who I don't
even know if you'll survive the
primaries I mean God knows he may he may
just fall apart what does it tell you
that he's like has a commanding lead and
and what's what's the other news the
other news is that even the Democrats
don't think that Biden can win against
Trump they just don't think he has the
basic capability of you know showing up
and performing and so they're talking
about all these speculative people
jumping in like Michelle Obama and
Hillary Clinton and Mike Bloomberg and
some governor if your team is talking
about canning every person who
actually is running in favor of someone
who hasn't even decided to run you are
in panic mode the Democrats are clearly
in maximum panic mode what would be the
worst possible thing for the Democrats
Joe Biden getting the nomination can you
think of anything worse for the
Democrats because first of all even if
he wins they get an old white guy who's
got some troubling you know racial
comments in the past he's not a racist
but still you know he's got a little
baggage there what would be worse for
them losing I don't know it feels like
winning or losing they wouldn't care
either way they're both bad so the
Democrats have to be in panic mode
there's got to be in panic mode so I've
said before that none of the top three
are viable candidates against Trump
certainly not warned certainly not by
Bernie Bernie's keeps falling so what
happens if one of the top three drops
out
let's game this okay let's say one of
the top three drops out and it depends
who it is and when right let's say that
Bernie's poll numbers keep going down
let's say Bernie decides that he can't
recover from his lower poll numbers
people are too worried about his agent
his health and let's say he decides to
throw all of his support to Elizabeth
Warren would that put Elizabeth Horner
than the lead and if it did would that
be enough for the Democrats to
completely panic and say okay we got it
we got to get somebody else in the air
because there's no way Elizabeth Warren
can win so what might they do well one
thing they might do are you ready for
this they might talk to Joe Biden and of
running
they might get him to quit because if
Joe Biden quits his more
middle-of-the-road supporters are gonna
have to go somewhere will they go to
Warren I don't think so I think they're
gonna go down to Boone a judge and
Harris and depending on whether
Democrats think that either Buddha judge
or Harris have some chance of winning
or maybe cloture but she's even down at
3% or something I feel as though a a
possible path is that Bernie goes first
and that puts warned in the lead because
she would pick up his voters and when
Warren isn't the lead over Biden he's no
longer the the presumptive winner that
he will find some excuse with the help
of other Democrats to leave the race and
when he leaves the race all of those
voters have to go somewhere and if they
wanted Warren they would already be
there if they wanted Bernie they would
already be there so I think all those
votes go down to the fourth and fifth
players and suddenly they're gonna be
strong number two one of them will be so
could become lares you never know all
right this is something that Matt Lewis
who's an anti-trump er who said he goes
think of it even for a professional spin
Meister
there is no intellectually honest way to
defend pressuring a foreign government
to dig up dirt on a domestic political
rival did you see what he did there he
said there's no intellectually honest
way to defend pressuring the foreign
government to dig up dirt as a domestic
political rival to which I say well
that's true you could not intellectually
defend digging up dirt on a domestic
rival through a foreign entity could you
defend a president doing his job and
pursuing his top priority which involves
finding out more about Biden through a
foreign it
sure you could could you intellectually
support that not too hard since that
would be the president's job so every
time somebody says he can't defend
digging up dirt on Biden you should stop
them and say but could he defend it
doing his job is that defensible about
doing his job
can somebody ever defend just doing
their job how about everybody can defend
that it's easiest thing to defend all
right here's some more word thinking of
the day
quid pro quo we're all talking about
what it means and whether it applies but
you're seeing more people start to say
and I think did Marc Thiessen said this
today see more people start to say quid
pro quo is every conversation that
leaders have the quid pro quo part is
ridiculous because there's never not a
quid pro quo there's no situation where
leaders talk to each other and there's
not some implied at least in two or at
least indirect quid pro quo so the whole
quid pro quo thing is trying to win
clever latin words because if you can
convince people that because it has some
words because what the President did
falls into the category that those words
describe he must be guilty that's a word
thinking so the logic was not what is
his job was he doing his job
that would be good logic the bad logic
is we're gonna label it with these at
Latin words we're gonna say what he did
has these three words quid pro quo and
then will you say that the words
themselves indicate something bad
happened there's no logic there they're
trying to use words to replace logic do
you see that we're just gonna label what
this is as quid pro quo quid pro quo and
then we're gonna use quid pro quo as
something that's clearly obviously bad
and then say it's bad because the words
we used to label it or what you use for
bad things so there's no thinking there
but the public is
letting him get away with it I saw a
word today a made-up word from user
lurched spun teller you are CH SP UN if
you want to follow lurch spawned it was
clever calling the impeachment a sham
Pietschmann mrs. sham impeachment it's a
sham Pietschmann it's pretty good isn't
it
sham Pietschmann because remember people
are very influenced by words we don't
have a word to describe an impeachment
process that's illegitimate well now we
do sham Pietschmann
hashtag sham Pietschmann and giving
words to things actually is good
persuasion as you can see with the
quid-pro-quo example it's not logic
using word thinking but it can be
persuasive that's why people do it let's
talk about the word Lynch it's all in
the news so president said that lynch
mobs were after him to try to impeach
him and then his critics said how can
you use such a racially charged word
don't you know the bad history of
lynching of African Americans in this
country and so they accused him of his
racist dog whistle whatever and I feel
as though I need to make a ruling on
this are you ready here is my ruling
with a little context if there's a group
whether they be an ethnic group or any
other identifiable group and there are
some specific words used to describe
them that they object to I believe we
should listen to that
for example the n-word is offensive it's
a word used to describe you know a group
of people and I think that we should all
honor that that people hate that word
there's a good reason for it I accept
that I will not use that word in any
kind of a
you know and they got it away what about
other words here's another one
Rhonda Santos once called his opponent
who was an african-american man and
still is by the way he's still an
african-american man he said that he was
articulate now when he was called an
African American citizen articulate
would you know that that's an insult and
the answer is some people would lots of
people would it says it's considered a
backhanded compliment because you you
rarely hear used with anybody else right
so it's like suspicious you're like huh
I don't hear anybody saying P Budaj
is articulate but I just saw somebody
say it just yesterday literally that
Cory Booker was articulate do you see it
I gotta admit I gotta admit you know
when I first heard people saying you
shouldn't use the word articulate my
first reaction was it's just a word yeah
you should be able to use words that are
just common words that describe an
observation but it is a fact that people
tend to gravitate toward it more often
when they're talking about an
african-american public figure and I
can't not notice that
so my ruling on articulate is the people
will use it usually are doing it
accidentally I think because they don't
know that it sounds wrong to other
people so I think there's a genuine lack
of knowledge that other people are
offended by that word but I agree that
if you do know that it could be
offensive don't use it so don't use a
word that is associated with basically
an insult because articulate is used as
kind of an insult in a roundabout way
now let's talk about Lynch Lynch again
is a common word meaning everybody knows
what it means and it
applies to a variety of situations of
which most recently the the worst
possible situation with african-american
citizens being lynched in this country a
horrible stain on our history but it's
also a common word and I think this is
where I'm gonna draw the line I don't
think you get to reserved words because
this word was very clearly not being
used in any sense directly or indirectly
about black people
the president's use of lynching was
about himself I believe that in all
cases you should be able to use common
words about yourself had President Trump
called himself articulate well people
might argue that point but would anybody
say it was racists no because he's
talking about himself
if he uses the common word Lynch in any
kind of a context that would suggest
that even somewhere in the topic are
black people wrong wrong wrong wrong
wrong I I would not support that in any
way because then you know you should
have known better right but if you use a
common word about yourself and there are
no black people in the story whatsoever
my ruling is approved so of course it's
just a fun political thing and of course
the Republicans that took them all of
the few hours to produce endless video
of Democrats using the word exactly the
way Chompy use the word right so it
turns out everybody uses this word but
not everybody gets in trouble for it so
people said well it's because the
president has this you know this
reputation of of trying to stir up
trouble racially I don't think that's
enough because that reputation was
assigned to him it's not something you
went out and got
so my ruling is that you may use if you
were a white person any kind of white
person and you use the word Lynch about
yourself totally approved if you were to
use that word in some other context
talking about other people and there was
any connection to the black population
of this country not approved that's my
ruling all right let's see what else we
got
so the Hong Kong government formally
withdrew its controversial extradition
bill do you think that'll stop anything
apparently not now that was the thing
that got things rolling in terms of the
protests but now they have other demands
so the protesters have kind of got you
know a little taste of blood and now
they're not going to be happy with just
that one thing being changed because
they want they want the people who were
arrested to be released as few other
things but in the long run I said it
before China will win
they didn't win right away but they'll
win and they will get what they need and
of Hong Kong because they're there for a
thousand years let's see what else we
got here all right I see the critics of
president Trump's decisions about Syria
saying some version of this that the big
winners are turkey Russia Iran Isis and
Syria beating Assad now does that does
that feel true would you say that the
big winners of the u.s. pulling out of
that safe zone are these other countries
that maybe you don't love so much Russia
Syria Isis not quite a country and then
Turkey who is sort of a frenemy these
days does that sound fair that there are
the big winners well let me ask you this
it's not exactly free those countries
are going to be dying so so their
citizens will die ours won't they'll be
paying a lot of money we won't and they
will have endless entanglement issues
that might last forever now we won't
does it look to you like they're winning
that's a weird way to win the so it
turns out that the winners are getting
everything we didn't want we don't want
entanglement expense and dead soldiers
but apparently they do for some larger
strategic reasons now I don't see Isis
thriving in the situation where Russia
and the Turks are doing joint patrols in
that region and I'm pretty sure Assad is
no fan and of Isis I've kind of feeling
that Isis is gonna be in worse shape not
better especially since we're still sort
of over there yeah we'll still help Tim
pin them down so to me it looks like a
big victory at least preliminarily we'll
see I was laughing I was just watching a
clip on YouTube this is pretty random
which comedian writer actor Larry David
was telling the story about his mother
was suggesting he'd make a good mailman
when he was young so she was trying to
talk Larry David into becoming a mailman
she thought he should go down there and
take the civil servant pass them get
himself a proper job that's what he was
saying that maybe he wanted to be a
comedian and that didn't look like much
of a career why this is funny is that my
my father also gave me the same advice
at the same age so when I was about the
same age my father was telling me maybe
I should take these civil servants test
and work for the post office as he did
because I'd always have health care and
the hours are good and the pay was okay
so I asked myself what is the value of
parental support
you know in many ways I got plenty of
parental support certainly educationally
and confidence wise and otherwise but I
also have a father who suggested I go
work for the post office same as Larry
David had a mother did and so it just
makes me wonder you know what how much
does the environment affect people's
trajectory and how much of it is just
some people are gonna make it happen and
some people are not because I always
felt like I was gonna make it happen
I didn't know exactly how but I figured
I'd make something happen and so far so
good all right that's about all I have
for today it's another fun day the
anti-trump errs are sure that President
Trump is on the verge of impeachment I'm
gonna go all the way to say I favor the
impeachment not for the reasons that
maybe the critics do my favor
impeachment because it will give
Republicans the power of Investigation
and that my friends will be more fun
than anything you've done in a long time
so impeachment sure if you want to
impeach the most successful president of
all time good luck with that I'm good
I'm good with that I don't mind that he
gets impeached he still is gonna be if
nothing changes he's already on a
trajectory to be the best president
we've ever had by far I mean it's not
even gonna be close my guess is if you
could fast forward today to the
historians assuming nothing new happens
right there's always gonna be surprises
but if nothing new happened he'd be the
best president we ever had by far
historians will say economy war trade
deals border everything you'll just be
the best president we ever had that's it
for today and I will talk to you later