hey everybody come on in come on it's
time for another episode of coffee with
Scott Adams today will be the best one
ever
hmm best one of all time
some people accused me of hyperbole but
I think those people are so wrong about
everything all the time yeah there will
be whiteboard I'm saving it for the end
because it's sort of a big finish well
you know if you would like to get in
here early like the early birds you get
a little extra something that the people
who come in late don't get it's called
the simultaneous sip and all you need is
a cup or Margaret glass a tankard
chalice or stein McGinty and rubber
flask a vessel if any come fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee then
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine for the day the
thing that makes everything including
the pandemic better it's called the
simultaneous if it happens now go mmm a
little bit later I'll be tweeting about
moving some of my content to the locals
platform have you heard it locals calm
local with an S in the end locals it's
Dave Reubens platform in which creators
such as myself who do not like to be
captives of the algorithm can put their
materials and you don't have to worry
about the algorithm hiding it and you
don't have to worry about getting about
me getting cancelled and you don't have
to worry about me getting censored you
can also send me messages and you can
support me so I'm going to ask people
who were
putting me on patreon do you just stop
doing that and if they want to keep keep
supporting me to do it on the locals
platform I'll Google something about
that a little bit later so you know
where the links are and everything just
because I know you're wondering I know
you're wondering it won't have any
effect on the periscope so sorry I
didn't mean to worry you so the
periscopes will be just the same you can
watch them here just like always but in
addition in addition to me putting them
later on YouTube and I also put them on
rock fan and bid shoot I think at this
point I will also be putting them on
locals but locals will have also extra
stuff so you can get all of my normal
periscopes of normal way but if you want
extra stuff you'll know where to get it
and if you want to support me as a
creator that's the place to do it
alright I'll tell you more about that
later bill de blasio mayor of New York
City now I have to admit because I don't
live in New York City I have a hard time
getting interested in a mayor a mayor of
anything yeah any kind of mayor just
doesn't interest me usually and people
on at least TV shows pundits and stuff
have been calling de Blasio dumb and I
thought to myself well is he I mean
really I mean he made it to be mayor of
New York City ran for president he's not
dumb right and then the news comes out
that he decided to tweet to I don't know
if he tweeted or announced it he was
singling out the Jewish community for
for potential you know harsher treatment
for not self isolating as well
I guess it was some of funeral and too
many people got together and de Blasio
got mad about that and I thought to
myself okay okay it can be it could be
true
that these people caused a little bit of
danger by getting together so it can be
true then maybe they shouldn't have done
what they did at the same time it might
not have been the best play from a
political standpoint to single out the
Jews for special law enforcement
treatment how do you think that went
over now if you think that the Jewish
community said huh looks like we're
being singled out for special law
enforcement treatment do you think that
the Jewish community said that's okay
what's the worst thing that could happen
no no didn't go that way it went exactly
the way you think you were good but the
funny part is de Blasio didn't see that
coming there was nobody who warned it
hey hey hey Bill um I know just give
this another thought I know you're mad
right now
but maybe just rest this until the
morning maybe write it down and before
he hit Send maybe just read it out loud
maybe read it out loud to somebody just
to get a second opinion I don't think
that happened which is hilarious to me
now I don't think this story has any
real legs because obviously de Blasio is
not anti-semitic I don't think there's
you know nobody really thinks that it
was just sort of inelegant and it's
always worth I always think it's worth
the brush back you know if you're
Jewish you're not gonna let that go
right and I think that that's
appropriate so but I would say it's just
a brush back nothing of real
consequence in the long run the Center
for Disease Control the CDC indicates
that the current average u.s. overall
death rate even during the corona virus
pandemic is lower than it has been for
the past seven years and well below the
long-term average
so we're experiencing an unusually low
rate of death in the United States who
predicted that no I should I shouldn't
say who predicted that because it sounds
like I'm saying the World Health
Organization predicted it but they
deduct I did so I'm still predicting I'm
gonna stick with my prediction as I like
to do even when they're apparently going
to be wrong because I like to call out
when I got it wrong as well as what I
got it right because the whole point is
we're tracking our predictions right you
so I do it in public if I get it right
I'll brag about it so you don't you so
you don't forget about it you'll get mad
but you won't forget it and if I get
wrong I will make a big deal about that
too because I think that's equally
important certainly I make no claim that
my predictions will all be right I hope
nobody thinks that right does anybody
think that I think my predictions will
all be correct because that would be
crazy nobody thinks that I mean no
matter no matter what you think yourself
you couldn't possibly think your
predictions are all gonna be right so
we'll keep an eye on that
you know my old joke about the cat is on
the roof you know that it's from a joke
the cat is on the roof is sort of a way
to tell you that there's not trouble yet
but there's trouble coming I'm just
softening you up for the bad news it's
coming because from the joke the cat is
on the roof is somebody is softening the
message that the cat died so they're
they're trying to break it to you slowly
Alyssa Milano tweets yesterday I think
or day before she says I'm aware of the
new developments in terror reads
accusations against Joe Biden a war
terror like every other survivor to have
the space to be heard and seen without
being used as fodder I hear and see you
Terra hashtagged me too and of course
you know Alyssa Milano got tons of grief
for being a strong backer of
Joe Biden but also being a strong backer
of me to which are hard to be it's hard
to be on the same team as both of them
because of Joe's credible sounding
accusations of me talking and I feel
like the cat's on the roof don't you
because when by then loses Alyssa Milano
and of course he's not saying that she's
not saying that but that's what I'm
interpreting because I don't think she
would even bother making this statement
unless the cat was on the roof if you
know what I mean yeah maybe in her own
mind you know since I can't read your
mind let me make sure that I'm not
interpreting her thoughts but I'm saying
that if you're trying to read the
breadcrumbs the this is sort of a tiptoe
in the direction of yeah we should
listen to her should we should
definitely listen to her and maybe in a
month or so you'll hear you'll see
Melissa Alyssa Alyssa you might see her
say you know I was just with Joe Biden
and I think he said he's got the flu or
something I feel like Biden is gonna
have to fake a health problem to get out
of this way I don't know how else you do
it the speaking of that did you watch
the the so called town hall which was
really a digital interview split-screen
at least part of it was between Joe
Biden and then he was being endorsed by
Hillary Clinton so it's a split screen
with Hillary and Joe Biden now the first
thing which is obvious is if if you're
accused of me doing do you want Hillary
Clinton to be in your split-screen
endorsing you I don't know it's a it's a
bad Association so yeah I don't think
you won by the Association at least in
terms of the the me to stuff I'm seeing
in the comments that a number of people
thought that Joe Biden fell asleep odd
wall while Clinton was talking I didn't
see that meaning I looked at it it
didn't look like you fell asleep to me
it's funny it's funny big
you could imagine he was falling asleep
but didn't look like that to me so so I
would call that fake news if he thought
he actually fell asleep but it looked it
looked enough like it then it was funny
but I think that's all it was but what
was far funnier is I don't know who did
it but somebody you know the meme
I think carpi donkey dunk them did most
of these where you see Joe Biden he's
been photoshopped into other pictures
these he's behind somebody's sniffing
their hair well the the best version of
that yet was a screenshot from the
split-screen with Biden on one side and
Hillary on the other and that and the
side that normally would that Biden was
empty it was just the background and he
and he was photoshopped into the Hillary
the Hillman tree picture yeah sniffing
her hair from behind I didn't I didn't
think that meme could get funnier
because when it first came out and you
saw the memes of you know Biden peeking
out from behind people every one of them
was funny I think I laughed at every
single one of them but you think okay
you know now we've we've seen them all
you can't take that any further there's
no place that could go it's really just
the same thing you know it's just biden
smelling air and then you see the empty
frame I'm the digital townhall that was
really funny
so somebody needs to tell me who did
that because I'd like to give him a call
out because that little extra of the
fact that it was you know magically he
magically disappeared on video and
appeared in her video that's really good
that is good me making that is so we've
got to call that out so I've said before
that the most worthless people and the
coronavirus situation are the people who
act as though nobody thought of
increasing testing have you seen these
people they're like the NPC's of the
coronavirus they don't have any thoughts
that you just say what do you think of
the coronavirus well
we should increase testing yeah that's
something nobody thought of speaking of
which Elizabeth Warren says in her tweet
once again if we're only testing people
with symptoms who make it to the
hospital that we are far from
understanding this crisis and then she
gives us a helpful advice keep in mind
this was yesterday yesterday she goes we
need to drastically ramp up testing what
we do it's the first time I've heard of
this why where has she been this whole
time did you know that increasing
testing would help who knew my god we
should elect this woman president
immediately because she's come up with
this out-of-the-box idea of increasing
testing and I love that she says it in
public like nobody freakin thought of it
nobody thought of it come on Elizabeth
Warren are you trying to be the most
useless person in the United States
because you're succeeding all right
speaking of that Biden town hall with
Hillary one of the one of the
interesting things about watching all
the famous people broadcast from home
the way I am right now is that they're
having a tough time with their hair and
makeup
have you noticed that I just watched a
clip from Chris Chris Cuomo show it
looks like Chris Cuomo is giving himself
a haircut dude it didn't go well I hate
to be unkind about people's and
appearance except when it's funny so and
I could say this about Cuomo because
he's a he's an unusually good-looking
guy all right so you can't take that
away from he's a good-looking guy but
whoever cut his hair I could it's all I
can look at I was looking at a clip for
some other purpose because I was
interested in the topic now I didn't
know what the topic was I just looking
at his hair it was like how do you even
do that like if you had a contest to
ruin somebody's hair
I guess it would look like that that
would be the winner so hope so he looked
he just looks at Rochas the other thing
is that the people who don't know how to
do you know online stuff so so the one
thing you'll see is the people who are
too close and and they're fish-eyed yeah
there's something with the lens that's
that makes them look distorted so
they're way up close by the way that's
something I learned the hard way from
input from you guys whatever what I
first was doing that the periscopes I
would disturbingly do this because I
thought to myself well obviously don't
you want me to like fill the screen with
my face of course you do and then I
looked at my face I said hmm I think we
can improve on that better better better
better nailed it yeah distances your
friends let's take that to the bank if
you don't have a professional makeup
artist go with distance make sure your
background looks looks a little
interesting all right
anyway I was going to say that Hillary
Uther had really bad makeup or the room
was too warm or she asked coronavirus or
she was having a hot flash I'm not
making fun of that I'm just saying that
I'm saying that health-wise I mean I I
know that I this seems like I'm just
regurgitating the same rumor from when
she was running for him office but she
didn't look well she looked flushed did
anybody see that Scott his right camera
needs to be even with the face yeah and
then and that's the other thing is you
need to this needs to be on the same
plane but most of the TV people are
doing this they're doing this view and
they're looking down it's just terrible
so anyway a lot there's a lot going on
today all right so here's an idea for
you just just Mull this a little bit so
we've got all these airlines it doesn't
look like they have a business model
because nobody wants to be on an
airplane packed in little seats next to
people who might be infected so let me
throw out this suggestion suppose you
removed all the middle rows from coach
so let's say coach has no middle middle
seats well of course now you've lost a
third of your income right so could the
airline's find a way to make back a
third of their income if they get rid of
the home all the middle seats so that
people have some separation and the
answer is I'm just speaking for myself
but I would definitely pay 20% more than
the normal tickets cost for a coach to
have a seat that isn't next to somebody
else to have a little room and I would
pay that
coronavirus or not and wouldn't you pay
20% extra now keep in mind you're paying
20% extra but so is the person on the
other side of the aisle right so you if
you've got two people who are willing to
pay 20% extra then you're you're at
least you're getting close to the 30%
that you lost now throw on top of that
the fuel is really cheap right fuel is
historically cheap now throw on top of
that that a third if your human cargo
has gone include yet including your so
your cargo load goes down by a third so
if your cargo goat load goes down by a
third that won't reduce your fuel by
third because you know the plane has
weight as well but if you were to add up
a little 20% extra ticket cost on each
side of the of the missing aisle and
then the savings from fuel somebody's
saying oh my G with a oMG with a little
eyes looking up
and somebody says they're already empty
they're already empty in the middle of
the middle row well you wouldn't
necessarily have to remove them I mean
you don't have to physically remove them
although that would be cool
somebody says you're rich well that is
correct you are a correct do you know
who flies not poor people poor people
don't fly if you go to the airport you
won't see any and you know I'm not
saying it's good or bad I'm just saying
poor people don't fly so probably the
people who fly I would say represent the
top 60% of income maybe in the country I
would guess that if you're in the lower
40% of income it's just off the top of
my head probably if you're in the lower
40% of income in the United States
you'll literally never fly in an
airplane I'm guessing you know
fact-checked me on that but I'll bet
that's close to true now that doesn't
mean you wouldn't fly once in a while if
you had to you know it's just a death in
the family or something well at the
bottom 40% of income just don't ever fly
so could the top let's say the top half
of people who fly could they afford 20%
extra on a coach ticket most good most
good and who knows if they have to even
increase that much it could be that the
reduction in fuel costs is so much that
you don't have to increase the ticket
costs maybe only 10% would even know the
difference let me ask you this given
that given that flight costs are all
over the map you know you can buy a
ticket today and then the price tomorrow
drops by $200
nobody even knows what a ticket is
supposed to cost right does anybody even
know if you paid 10% too much for your
your ticket would even though because
what are you're getting compared to so
first of all you wouldn't even know if
they raised it all right
there is a something called the
epidemiological model sometime at about
the time that this crisis is over I'll
be able to pronounce that on the first
try
but we're not there yet so it's a
different model for predicting the
deaths and this this model has been
updated and the current best prediction
and I think this prediction takes into
account that going back to work so the
loosening of the social social
distancing and their model says the
predicting that there will be a total of
150 3,000 deaths in the United States
with a predicted range of from 87
thousand to three hundred and two
thousand so the current updated model
and this is a model that's used in 40
countries so has some credibility with
model people doesn't have any
credibility with me of course but but it
has credibility with model people I
guess so what would happen let me ask
you this so a few weeks ago I asked
people who were saying that the corona
virus is no big problem I asked them
what would be the number of deaths gross
not net what would be the total number
of people that were identified as dying
from corona virus that would make you
change your mind after the fact so at
the moment you skeptic think that the
corona virus is not that much bigger
deal than the regular flu what would it
take for you to say I guess I was wrong
that is bigger than the regular flu
what's that number it's somewhere around
200,000 I think most people would come
in at about that range right if it's
over 200,000 yeah maybe that was a
bigger deal now that doesn't mean that's
different from saying that we should
have handled it the way we handled it
that we shouldn't open up the places
that don't have much of a problem I'm
not making any kind of argument about
whether you should open up or how I'm
just saying that if it comes in at
200,000 people died because we opened up
it still might be the right choice but
it'll be interesting to watch these
models converge now the total number of
dead might be negative or zero because
of all the fewer people dying from other
purposes and even the irregular flu I
guess came in that the the lowest death
rate in a while all right what happens
if this model is correct let's say comes
in to 87,000 deaths would you then say
that the yeah I think that would be
wrong than 87,000 because that would be
with without mitigation yeah well that's
just a wait and see all right so you've
you've heard me talking about these two
doctors the Erickson and IC and the
viral video the YouTube took down
because they said it wasn't accurate and
there were two medical boards who
rebuked these people and the back story
which you've already heard I'm gonna
give you an update so it's not the same
story Verdi heard but the back story is
that people asked me before this was
debunked by medical people to give my
opinion on it and I looked at five
minutes of it and says complete
horseshit it's it's not credible there's
a whole bunch of math mistakes there's
comparison mistakes there's lack of
knowledge it's just completely worthless
so that was my hot take having no
medical training whatsoever within the
day that was completely backed up by
medical professionals who said well
these guys are not even doing the math
right and basically the same thing I
said to just it was reckless so here's
the interesting part at the same time
that tarkir carlson was showing the
video as valid and something that we
should listen to at the same time over
at MSNBC I'm Chris Hayes show they were
debunking so literally you could see the
two movies on you know on different
screens it's the same screen but you
have to change the channel and literally
at the
same time the same news was reported as
true on one and completely debunked at
the other somebody says show your work
don't have to don't have to show my work
because all the medical professionals
have debunked it and I would defer to
them so you can ask them to show their
work but and let me let me take a page
from my book loser think now when people
said to me Scott you're saying that this
is all BS but you're not giving us any
examples and I talk about that in my
book you should never fall for the trap
of arguing all the examples all right
it's better to pick the best one and you
just say can can you send your champion
instead of having our armies battle does
there a whole bunch of different points
and you don't want to get into them
arguing every one of them why don't you
pick your best champion and I'll have my
best champion fight and we'll decide it
that way now best champion in this
context means what is the strongest
argument that you think the doctors made
just pick out one point and I'll tell
you why it's wrong or I'll agree with it
and say yeah but we already knew that so
there's a whole bunch of stuff they said
that falls into the category of we
already knew that which is it's bad for
the economy to stay closed we already
knew that some people might die because
the economy is shut down mMmmm that's
not new we kind of knew that so if
anybody wants to debate me don't just
tell me any specific claim and then I'll
tell you what I think of it the main
claim of course is that he had done his
own samples and then he said based on my
samples I predict that this is true
about the country and that's just crazy
because his sample was not in any way
representative and nobody imagines that
it could be so it all sort of started
with that and if you you know if you
take that error and then you
worked from there everything else was
nonsense which is what it was now I
guess Tucker also talked about the fact
that this video was taken now which
which creates a whole new interesting
topic because separate from the question
of whether it was accurate do you remove
inaccurate claims from the internet and
who gets to decide who gets to decide
what is inaccurate enough at what point
is it a violation of free speech and at
what point is it just good common sense
that you don't want a bunch of
conspiracy theories mucking up things
during a crisis well of course the the
standard we all compared to is yelling
fire in a crowded theater or the you
know the most classic comparison and I
heard people argue that you know data
should always be allowed on the internet
because you always have the opportunity
for the commenters to say it's not true
so you can get the claim and you can get
the counterclaim and then the reader can
make up their own mind to which I said
yelling fire in a crowded theater is
also data that's what it is it is
somebody who stands up in a crowded
theater and has information to give the
rest of the people in the theater could
be right it might actually be a fire it
could be incorrect maybe there is no
fire but you see it doesn't matter
because if the if the point is that you
should always just present the data and
let people decide would it matter if
there's no fire it's just information so
the point is that there is information
that can kill people and we do make very
rare very rare exceptions because the
yelling fire in a movie theater is less
about transmitting data and more about
immediately causing a panic that gets a
bunch of people killed so that's the
most immediate obvious clear danger
that's why that example is so good is it
the same in a coronavirus emergency
that you put information out that people
might take is true might act upon it and
what would that cause well in this case
it could cause oh I don't know the
collapse of civilization the death of
hundreds and billions of people that's
the downside right if you get the
coronavirus thing wrong
the downside is one hundred one hundred
million people die whatever it is so
it's pretty big stakes speaking of that
Jay Rosen who I believe is a journalism
professor somewhere a group of group oh
and he tweets that a group of professors
including him have written an open
letter to the heads of ABC CBS NBC at
Mississippi CC and then put it
petitioning for an end to live coverage
of the president's briefings and the
reason given is because the president's
briefings in in his opinion spread
misinformation now number one is that
true is it true that the president's
briefing spreads misinformation totally
true right totally true
it's totally true that some of the
information that comes from the
president is is wrong later gets
corrected but how unusual is that in a
pandemic given that nearly a hundred
percent of our information is wrong in
the earliest ages almost all of it and
yet we expect our politicians to tell us
what they know and keep us up to date
even if it's wrong just tell us why you
know you know we'll understand if it's
wrong but tell us why you think you know
keep us informed so under those
conditions would it be reasonable to
expect that any president would be
giving only accurate information and my
my answer is no no it's not it's not
reasonable to expect it would all be
accurate but is there some line beyond
which you say okay we know it's normal
to have some inaccuracies but is there
some line that gets
Krauss that's just crazy talk and I
would say that light has not been
crossed in my opinion because this is
just subjective right but I've watched
most of the president's briefings and
I'm pretty sure that when Jay Rosen is
talking about you know dangerous and
reckless information he's really talking
about what the press does not what the
president does because was it the
president who suggested in public that
that maybe we should think about or
consider injecting Clorox and Lysol into
our bodies with a hypodermic needle did
the president suggest that no he did not
know that fake news came from the news
that came from ABC News CBS News NBC
News MSNBC CNN and as of today Fox News
Fox News has an article we'll talk about
that in a minute
which also claims without any context
given that the President of the United
States suggested I don't think the use
were suggested but wondered aloud
according to even Fox News today there's
an article today on the Fox News site
saying that the that the president
talked about injecting disinfectants
with no context given what is the reader
of that article going to think
disinfectants means well they're going
to think it means Clorox and Lysol
that's the fake news the real news is
that the context he was talked about was
UV light which is a disinfectant and is
inserted into the body in a variety of
ways can go through a vein can go down
your trachea can go into your lungs but
in each case is injected it's a
disinfectant
it's what the president was talking
about it's real it's being tested the
cedars-sinai there are commercial
products already built around it that
disinfect hospitals using the same
technology and this guy Jay Rosen thinks
that the president should not be allowed
to talk because the following entities
completely misinterpreted I don't know I
don't even know who was willful but they
completely got the wrong information
who got the wrong information ABC News
CBS News NBC News MSNBC CNN and Fox News
do you know who got that story right
Breitbart Breitbart got it right all
right so it's obvious that you can get
it right you know on Fox Fox channel Fox
News Channel if you watch the five they
got a right
they knew the context they talked about
the context so it's not like you can't
get it right it's not like this is hard
to get right this is easy to get right
it's really easy and so you know this
Jay Rosen thing this is just a violation
of free speech and it's based on a
complete misinterpretation of what's
happening because the fake news is
coming not just from the president yes
he's it's in facts that don't match the
fact-checking
true but there's the worst parts of it
the reckless parts the parts that are
actually dangerous lately they're coming
from the press they're not coming from
the president but they both have some
stuff to explain all right and if we
were to ban organizations who give us
fake news that's also reckless would you
have to also ban the Surgeon General of
the United States because he told us
masks don't work how about the World
Health Organization who is information
is pretty much all all right
should the World Health Organization be
banned from reporting except the report
that they said silly stuff maybe I don't
know here's an idea that I was thinking
about and it turns out that others are
thinking about it too I was planning on
talking about it maybe it's just obvious
but the Belgian government is
considering allowing
people deform what they call social
bubbles of you know 10 people or so
meaning that rather than having a full
end to social isolation if you could
identify 10 people that could be friends
and family whatever combination and you
just agreed to mostly hang around with
that 10 people that you would get a
little extra freedom to which I say you
know in the short run I'm willing to
listen to anything in an emergency
willing to listen to anything but I
don't know if this will work that's the
reason I didn't talk about it I like I
like the thinking behind it but I don't
think it's practical let me explain to
you how a normal family would manage
this idea
hey normal family family let's say two
kids two adults two kids and they hear
that they they can form a pod of of 10
there's four people in the family and
they can only be in a pod that has a
maximum of 10 now those of you who have
been parents gained this out it's a
disaster isn't it it's a disaster band
Scott for being a sociopathic liar some
reasons I'm glad that the Chinese have
decided to join us I'm not done with
China by the way oh oh I'm not done with
China there's more coming on that
so yeah the way it would go in any
normal family is that the kids would say
all right great
so I'll have my my friend Brittany and
my friend Bob and and you know they can
bring their two friends and then the
parents say um no because that would max
out our whole 10 with just one kid
because you know we adults won't have a
few of our friends and it just becomes
this big shootout in the family so I
think this social bubble idea well it's
well intentioned and one could imagine
that there would be some situations
especially with young people where it
works yeah if you're single it's
probably a pretty good deal if you could
find 10 people who only want to hang out
with each other but for families this
would be a nightmare
trying to
negotiate them I would like to I would
like to correct a framing of something
which snuck up on me so as you know I
like to pro about my successful
predictions especially when the experts
have predicted otherwise and you've
heard all the examples but just you
mentioned quickly when there was a Cuban
sonic weapon story and I said no that's
not true and there was the the masks
don't work and I said now that's not
true
and there was the the video of the
doctors that I just talked about and I
said that's all and quite
reasonably and these are just a few
examples of which there are many many of
them you already know so you've seen
quite a few examples in which I have
taken the opposite side of experts have
you not so let's first establish that on
many occasions you've seen me take the
opposite side from experts and the the
consensus of experts and you've seen
that that's worked out extraordinarily
well for me the whiteboards coming out
to somebody else about that it's worked
out really well and I've had weird
success going against the experts and
then being right it includes in my
personal life too because in my personal
life I you know found a solution for my
my incurable voice problem when my
doctors couldn't and I tracked down the
one place in the world I could get it
fixed so I have a long track record from
childhood on in which I have gone
against experts and it works out way
more than half the time way more than
half closer to 90% I would guess and I
can't even think of any time it didn't
work out but I'll say 90% just because
there must have been times it didn't but
here's the framing that I think
everybody gets wrong and that's
completely my fault
because I've never framed it correctly
so let me do that now all right allow me
to do that now the framing of this
incorrect is a
that I allowed to spontaneously pop up
because of the poor way I talked about
it and that frame was that I'm against
the experts and that and that naturally
makes you think Scott how much medical
training do you have none
how much legal training do you have none
I know you majored in economics but did
you get a Nobel Prize like the person
that you're criticizing no I did not
how about your technical expertise did
you get that at MIT no I did not
so that's the wrong frame and I let that
I let that happen so that's all on me
all right so I'm taking full
responsibility here's the frame I should
have presented from the from the start
I'm an experts I'm an expert but I'm a
special kind of expert because of my
studies of persuasion etc because of my
experience which is fairly broad in
terms of my talent stack I've been in a
lot of places seen a lot of things from
finance do you name it and my my claim
is this that my pattern recognition for
 is better than the the
layperson in other words I do claim
expertise but not on the topics I'm
talking about I don't claim medical
expertise
I don't even claim financial expertise
and I could probably I mean I could
buddy I don't even claim that I claim
that I have a special skill and other
people do too I'm not the one person who
can do this but there there are people
who have similar skills that I do who
can detect from other experts
and I should have always framed it that
way because when I was looking at the
doctors I was not saying to myself Oh
doctors you got it wrong this is what
you should prescribe because that would
be me being an expert I didn't say I
could be a better expert
than the doctors I was just saying I'm
listening to him and my filter is going
my filters just going crazy I
mean I don't think I've ever had
you know more flashing lights for
 than I did when I was looking
at those doctors now here's the
interesting part there's a book called
blink by Malcolm Gladwell and he talks
about the fact I don't know if this has
been debunked but it makes a good story
anyway
he talks about the fact that experts
make decisions before they know why and
the example given is that an art expert
can often identify a fake you know
painting by the Masters but it's a fake
one they can usually identify it right
away
but they don't know why in other words
the answer comes first and then they
have to say um and the reason it's a
fake is because and then they think
about and like I don't know maybe it's
because of the brush broke over here it
looks different or or he never you know
he was born before the iPhones no that's
a bad example so they couldn't be at
iPhone so they got the table anyway the
experts know is something's wrong before
they know why I would argue that I have
that same sensation so when I looked at
the doctors I knew it was
before I knew why and that's part of the
reason that when people said give me the
reasons I was doing I can give you a
reason but it's sort of an
after-the-fact reason is me it's me like
the art expert saying okay I already
told you is but now I guess I
got to give you a reason of why mmm well
I guess it's that brushstroke thing
right there so you should judge me that
way so the way I would like to be judged
is not that I'm an expert or pretending
to be an expert because I'm not an
overruling experts
I'm simply my own expert and identifying
that's it likewise when I look at
climate change I'm not a scientist but I
can tell that the odds that the
scientists got the the temperature part
right that there's something happening
with co2 and temperature I can't
guarantee that's right
but if I had to look at the pattern of
my life and the odds and how many ways
they looked at it and measured it and
how long they've been correcting it I
would say they're probably probably
right on the temperature part but not
the models to say that the prediction
models are accurate is just crazy there
there's no such thing as that they might
tell you that there's something you
should think about and they do but they
don't tell you what the temperature is
going to be in the 80 years that's not a
thing
so my my filter on climate
change says can't be sure about the
temperature part more likely true than
not but it doesn't mean that we're
doomed
because that's that's in the models that
part's ridiculous could be doomed
maybe not doomed but using those models
to determine it is ridiculous in my
opinion alright because in large part
because they can't predict human
achievement and human ingenuity and then
he changes that happen you know which
which climate models predicted that the
pandemic would remove pollution in three
months yeah it's not going to make a
difference in the long run but there's
so many things that the model can
consider all right
funniest political story of the day is a
former Democratic Georgia gubernatorial
candidate Stacey Abrams is embarassingly
campaigning to get the vice-president
nomination for Biden and she recently
said she totally believes Joe Biden's
denial totally believes Joe Biden that
that me too thing didn't happen and I
thought to myself whoever gets the
nomination is gonna have to say that
aren't they think about that whoever
gets the nomination is going to have to
say what Stacey Abrams said they're not
going to be able to get away with its
unproven they're not going to be able to
get away with you know she should be
heard they're not going to be get able
to get away with you know women should
be believed
let's look into it there's not going to
be able to get away with it was a long
time ago you know let's not dredge up
the past
there's just nothing they can get away
with the vice presidential candidate
will have to look in the camera a whole
bunch of times and say I believe Joe
Biden didn't do that how is anybody
gonna do that really that was anybody
gonna do that even even Alyssa Milano
who it was clearly as in Joe Biden's
camp as you could be I mean she said it
publicly issues and Torsten she's she's
hugged him in public she tweets about
him all the time and even she can't go
all the way to say I believe Joe Biden
is telling the truth even she won't do
that all right but the vice presidential
candidates gonna have to do it and I
think that Stacey Abrams I have to give
her a credit because um I've
consistently under I guess under
appreciated her talent because I haven't
seen much of her so I didn't know what
kind of talent she has or not I don't
think she's necessarily a great
persuader but look at how close she is
to being president of the United States
for somebody you know for somebody who
somebody says Stacey Abrams did that
already did one already is there an
update to this but what's funny well the
whole thing is funny but what's funny is
that Stacey Abrams is closer to becoming
president of the United States than all
the people who didn't do this so all the
people who are not willing to blatantly
lie about this are not really in the
running for Vice President
they're not and given that Biden himself
might not last and given that President
Trump you have to assume he's I'm at
least a little bit of shaky territory
because the coronavirus this stacey
abrams by this you know bald-faced lie
is it a bold-faced lie or a bald-faced
lie I never get that right but this is
clearly a lie Stacey Abrams you know I
don't think you have to be a mind reader
to know that the most you could know is
that you don't know what happened
that's the most you could say but to say
you believe Joe Biden well that's just a
lie that's just a lie right I mean do we
agree I know I'm not I always warn you
against mind-reading but in this case
this one sort of simple simple right I
guess we can't rule out the possibility
that she's the most gullible person in
the United States as possible can't rule
it out
all right remember I always tell you
that I've often complimented Mike Pence
not for being a force of nature like the
president but rather for being for not
making errors and the president and the
vice president has violated that that
pattern so he go the vice president goes
to the Mayo Clinic and he's the only
person who doesn't wear a mask and he'd
been told to wear a mask and I thought
to myself that is so Mike Pence
because really Mike Pence is all about
not making unforced errors and that was
just an unforced error now I don't think
it's important you know it doesn't rank
up there and the things that are gonna
move the election but it has to be
called out because he's so consistent at
not making that kind of error just is
worth noting Hillary Clinton's getting
pushed back from the right because she
said during the the Biden thing that you
don't want to waste a good crisis and
maybe this would be a time to get health
care everybody who is complaining about
Hillary Clinton saying don't waste a
crisis you're all hypocrites you're all
hypocrites because every conservative
has quoted that and used the same
sentence in different contexts don't
want to let a good crisis go to waste
it's something everybody says is just
smart it's not bad and if you're tried
to find something bad about Hillary
Clinton saying a common political
that literally everybody says left and
right and exactly in this context it's a
real crisis maybe you can find something
good out of it I've said it everybody
said that most common thing in the world
and the dumbasses and the news the
pundits are like oh we got one we got
one Hilary come she said a common thing
so that must be bad it just makes me
want to throw up in my mouth
when I see people wasting their time on
that criticism here's a good story so
China's a puppet you could say but
China's puppet the World Health
Organization they quote accidentally
publish some negative negative data on
the drug Ram disappear so this was a
while ago this isn't brand-new news but
not too long ago World Health
Organization accidentally they say
accidentally published negative
information on the rim disappear now of
course a lot of people saw it and then
the World Health Organization said oops
oops we didn't mean to do that and they
took it down so hold that in your head
hold in your head that the World Health
Organization who is China's puppet
accidentally put negative information
about REM des appear on a public website
at the same time China was actively
trying to steal gilli ads Gilead is the
maker of REM dezerter their intellectual
property by trying to patent REM des
aver in China I'll bet you didn't think
that was possible right if you don't
follow intellectual property and patents
and copyrights you're saying to yourself
wait a minute when I'm des affaires
already patented obviously because it's
a drug that Gilead has had for a long
time
clearly patented which I that can do
anything they want
because patent law is made by a
government and apparently the government
of China is going to let China or
somebody in China patent guilty ads drug
after they told the world that didn't
work through that clever little
leak on the World Health Organization do
you see how bad this is now I can't
automatically say this is all part of a
large plot and that the leaked data was
all part of the same scheme as stealing
the intellectual property of the REM des
aveer but given our recent experience
with China I think you have to assume
it's at least likely it's probably more
likely than not given the recent
experience you can't know for sure but
I'd say more likely than not can we do
business with the country that would lie
to us about a promising drug that could
cause a hundred thousand deaths in this
country because we didn't have the right
information if it works at the same time
that they're actively stealing the
intellectual property for the drug can
you do business with that country no no
you cannot you cannot do business with
that country so I think we need to kick
out every student Chinese student in
this country who's in any kind of a stem
job especially because mostly there
there are the elites children and they
really really do care about getting an
education in the United States for
status etc but also for stealing our
stuff the you know the Chinese students
over here are stealing stuff so I think
we should ship them all back Howard
Stern doubled down on his statement that
the president's followers should all
drink disinfectants and and die and and
of course it's an outrage but it is
Howard Stern don't you have to keep it
in context you know if a politician said
that I'd say outrage how can you say
such a thing
but Howard Stern is literally a shock
jock if he says something like that why
is that news except that he seems to
believe the fake news I think Howard
Stern who I used to think was smart
turns out he's not because he believes
the fake news that the president
suggested drinking Clorox and Lysol so
if you believe that if you believe that
you're just you just you're just dumb
there's no way around it if you believe
that the president suggests that
injecting or drinking Clorox and Lysol
you're just dumb there isn't any way to
soften that I'm sorry there's no way
around that I wish there were let's see
pom-pom poem and Thursday there's an
account on Twitter that I follow up
called kovat 19 crusher so it's all one
word covet 19 crusher I don't know who
this is and I'm a little concerned
because I don't know who it is because
it mostly tweets promising promising
therapeutics and and things that could
crush the makovan but it seems to
concentrate on hydroxychloroquine and it
publishes a number of graphs and stuff
in which it's starting to compare
countries that are using
hydroxychloroquine with countries that
are comparable in some way but or not
now here's the part I need a fact check
on if you are to believe the charts
coming from this Twitter account and
they're public so I suppose you could
check and check the math they allege
that they can show say the curve in
Ireland where they're not using
hydroxychloroquine versus the curve in
Morocco for example in which they are
and the Morocco numbers shows a drop
exactly where you'd expect the drop in
severity at the time they introduced the
the drug you know a few weeks after that
so I got my questions about whether this
account is real or not so if anybody if
anybody can look at any of those graphs
and tell me if they pass the sniff test
because there might be some context left
down or something
Elon Musk's giving
in trouble because there's an old tweet
of his back in April I guess maybe early
April or March he eat I'm not sure when
he said it but early on he said based on
current trends probably close to zero
new cases in US by end of April and that
prediction is not coming true but I
would like to reiterate I don't think we
can blame people for making bad
predictions based on bad data you know I
just don't think we should go back and
start slaying people for that just
wouldn't work all right here's my
whiteboard presentation I'll make it
quick and this will blow your mind all
right this is what we're looking to do
this this is not drawn to scale right so
the the desks we're going to go up in
the United States and they would have
kept going up except for the mitigation
we say that should flatten it some
people say it's not because of the
social distancing maybe it just would
have done that on its own I don't think
that's supportable but that's what
people say and then at some point I
don't know when maybe 21 and 21 or
something it's supposed to drift down
towards zero now that's our plan right
wouldn't wouldn't you say would you say
that this represents our plan except how
does that happen
now you're saying to yourself oh this
Scott that happens because of the the
herd immunity
to which I say no it doesn't no not
really
because if you get all the way to 2021
you're going to have hundreds of
thousands of deaths before you get to
herd immunity so you need somebody to
answer this question what exactly would
make that go down because I've not heard
anything in the plan that even proposes
to do that I've not heard somebody say
herd immunity would do it and there's
even some question of whether it even
this this one even has hurt immunity
I'll put the odds of 70
percent that there is her there is such
a thing this is before we get a
vaccination and most people will have it
anyway therapeutics might be working but
which ones so here's my point is that we
have a plan in which the most important
part of the plan which is something we
do here that makes the virus trend
toward zero is unstated is it not now
people are saying what about vaccines
what about therapeutics and what about
testing and what about vaccinations
those are all the right things to ask is
that our plan and the answer is I don't
think so so if you can get some expert
to answer this question and say okay
what exactly is driving it down because
that our current rate of testing will
never get there it looks like we're
never going to be anywhere close to
having enough tests yeah I don't think
we'll ever get there
and if we did get there how often would
you have to test each person I don't
know so is the idea that we don't know
exactly what will happen but we think
it's some combination of testing and
herd immunity and social distancing etc
therapeutics my only point is that there
is an assumption in weather patterns
yeah weather patterns - but doctor foul
Qi is assuming that there's going to be
a second bump so that tells you that it
doesn't die in the summer and if it
doesn't die in the summer it just comes
back in the winter no vaccine from your
evil buddy Gates says somebody thought
you get a block for that
would never submit to a test somebody
says 40% get a flu vaccine
how many will get covert vaccine good
question all right so that's I'll leave
you with that thought the thought is
that we have a plan that things will go
down but I don't believe we have a plan
that actually that actually shows why it
goes down it's just sort of a hope I
think all right
somebody says mutations weaken it maybe
but I'd like to see that in the plan so
I'd like our press to ask that question
now don't don't assume that it can't
happen because I think the odds are
happening are very hot I think the odds
of us getting on top of it are basically
a hundred percent just depends on
morning things the only thing I'm adding
is that I don't see a scenario where the
cost in lives is not in the few hundred
thousand I guess that's all I'm adding
to this we don't have a plan that would
keep the death deaths under a hundred
thousand we do have a plan that I think
even if the plan goes according to the
way we wanted to I think the plan is to
lose a few hundred thousand people but
that's my question
all right that's all for now I will talk
to you it's a night you know you know
we're