come come come come pom pom pom hey
everybody come on him it's a sleepy
Thanksgiving week here in America and
well thank you good day to all of you I
think you would like to enjoy a little
thing called the simultaneous end and if
you would like to play along I know you
do
all you need it's all you need is a cup
or a mug your glasses snifter stein
jealous tankard thermos / canteen Grail
goblet vessel of any kind fellow with
you favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine today the thing
makes everything better
the simultaneous sip go so first I would
like to clarify update that that
excellent meme we saw the president
tweet where it looked like Chris Chris
Cuomo mom was with Trump
that was a carpe Noctem meme so carpi
duncan duncan has another home run there
i would like to update you on my
predictions remember i told you that
your filter on life is probably
subjective like everybody else's but you
can tell if you have a good filter but
whether it predicts well so I like to
make predictions in public and then see
if they're right or wrong which I talked
about in my book loser think one of the
ways you can tell if you're in a bubble
is by making predictions and then
putting those predictions out in the
real world to see how they do and
therefore your predictions are always
wrong well maybe you should rethink your
a world view but if your predictions are
often right maybe you're onto something
so track your predictions let me let me
update you on mine
so unpredicted the online betting market
I have one two three four I have five
bets so I'm going to tell you what the
bets are now all of these except one
that I updated recently by adding to it
are all ones that I've had for months
and months so you have my word
then nothing on this list was recently
bet so these are all older bets with the
exception of one that I added to so one
of the best I have and I've had for many
months is who will be the 2020
Democratic nominee a year ago I thought
it would become Lee Harris and I had a
bet on that that bed is not looking good
but it's the bet that I doubled down on
because the price of shares is so low
and I had some extra cash in the
accounts there wasn't use so I thought
what's this throw some more money in
there now the thing is when you say to
yourself there's no way that she could
get elected remember that you're also
saying that about all the other
candidates if there were one candidate
that I thought was were likely to be
elected I would say well you know that's
a dumb bet because why would I bet on
somebody who's unlikely when there's
somebody in the race who's likely and
the answer is there's nobody likely
there's just nobody in the race who you
could say yeah this is the one so I'm
gonna I'm gonna keep my bet alright so
we don't know if that's right or wrong
it looks like it'll be wrong but all of
the reasons that I made the original
batter the same because she's still the
one who could bring together this
so-called Obama coalition maybe as well
as anybody else can so we'll leave that
will leave that bet and we'll see how
that does here's another bets ayat I
actually bet on whether or not Trump
will still be the president at the end
of this year which is you know a month
or so
so it looks like I'm gonna win that bat
I couldn't believe when I made this bet
I couldn't believe it was even available
as a bet
I had trouble believing that there was
an actual market for the question of
whether Trump would still be in office
and I think I did this bad in the
beginning of 2019 somewhere around there
so of course that bets doing well it
looks like he'll be president at the end
of 2019 that I also bet will Trump be
the 2020 GOP nominee he had like 95%
approval level of the GOP again I
couldn't believe that that was available
you know the the odds for this one in
the last one were not very high but I
just looked at it and I thought I think
that's free money I think I think all I
have to do is put some money down and
they'll give me more money back so I've
got a bet on that
that's looking good and now this was
interesting I had a bet again this was
many months ago
that's a 2020 Democratic nominee will be
a woman so you could bat whether it
would be male or male or female
I bet female so I will win if it's
Warren or Harris or Klobuchar or Tulsi
Gabbard now obviously I have more of a
chance of winning I suppose
Warren than the others but I'm keeping
that back then I had a bet you can use
your own judgment about why I made this
bet but there was a bet as to whether
NASA would record that 2019 was the
hottest year on record and I bet yes now
I don't know if it'll be the hottest
year on record but doesn't it seem like
they're gonna say so it just seemed to
me there whether or not it's the hottest
year on record
I feel like NASA's gonna say so I feel
like they're gonna say it is so
at the moment that bet is down its way
down actually so apparently the
temperatures have not been cooperating
so those are my bets you can see how
they're doing
apparently there's there are two two
polls out
they say that Trump has thirty four
percent black support what
so the Rasmussen and Emerson polls I
think those are the two separate polls
about the same time and they both came
to the same conclusion the Trump has
thirty four percent black support now do
you believe that now I don't know how
that translates does that translate into
anything like votes because it might not
translate into votes but if anything
like that's true and nothing else
matters do you remember you probably
remember that I was saying
way back when Trump first got elected
that if he could move the black vote all
the other variables don't matter because
that's sort of the big one if the
Democrats can't really really win the
black vote completely overwhelmingly
decisively they can't win so I just
don't know if this is true does it does
it feel true maybe and it's not
impossible but it's in the category of
things I want to believe is true so
therefore I'm totally you know subject
the subject to confirmation bias because
I want it to be true I say keep a little
skepticism on that one but it's fun to
watch so the Secretary of the Navy got
himself fired for apparently I'm not
sure if we know the details but he
either quit or he was fired for
disobeying an order or disagreeing with
the president something about the pardon
and so far everybody I've seen his
the same talent which is good I feel
good about the country because of this
it's weird that little things like this
make you feel good but the fact that the
Secretary of the Navy didn't want to
obey an order and it wasn't really a
terribly important order it had to do
with one person it wasn't about a war or
battle or something but the secretary of
Navy decided he didn't want to obey that
order for the commander-in-chief and so
the commander chief immediately fired
him he fired him for that
now you can't it's hard to think of any
other job where you would get fired for
what is a relatively small thing but
everybody I saw who commented on this
was happy about it and I was happy too
now I don't know if it's a good
Secretary of State whether he was doing
a good job in general I have no opinion
but I feel safer in a world where the
civilian elected commander-in-chief can
fire a top military commander at the
drop of a hat and for disobeying orders
even even though it was in the in the
larger scheme of things it was a small
order because it was about one person it
was a small order but I just love the
fact that even though even disobeying a
small order you're fired
nothing else matters don't you like that
there's something terribly encouraging
about that that that I don't know they
you know that there's an elected person
who has complete control over these
military people who are not elected so I
like that Mike Bloomberg is in the race
as you know I predicted you would not be
so there's another prediction that
didn't go my way
but I still think there's more we need
to know about this
I'm wondering if someday we won't hear
that Mike Bloomberg didn't expect to win
and that he got him for some kind of
strategic reason do you think that's
possible
Am I am I trying too hard to find
something where there's nothing there
because the simplest explanation is Mike
Bloomberg thinks thinks he could win and
thinks it's worth getting in and it's at
least worth a try so the simplest
explanation is it's exactly what it
looks like he just thinks he can win
doesn't think the others could win
thinks it's good for the country could
be that it might just be that what I
feel as if
yeah it's somebody saying yes you're
trying too hard and I can certainly I
could respect that opinion but let's
just speculate is it possible there's a
more clever play here because I think
one of the things that we'll do is take
Biden down at the race right because
Bloomberg is sort of that middle ground
reasonable person and so Biden should be
hurt the most now what would happen if
Biden is taken down would someone else
emerge I don't know Buddha judge
probably has a cap on his total support
he doesn't have much black support so
that's a losing proposition I feel as if
it's almost as if Bloomberg is coming
into some kind of a spoiler to make it
possible for someone yet maybe we
haven't even heard of to run I mean it
just doesn't make much sense to me I
can't quite figure it out it could be
that he's 77 and he's not making good
decisions anymore and it could be as
easy as that
you know I caution you in my incredible
book the best book you've ever seen in
the world everybody's talking about it
leaders I think
I I caution you about I forgot what I
was gonna say um but I'm sure it was
really good it was really good
see he's mayor of New York City why
wouldn't he want to be a politician
again while he's 77 that's that's why
anybody who decides at age 77 to run for
president
I don't know I mean that alone is an
indication of bad judgment isn't it do
we want a president who has a high
likelihood of not surviving the entire
term I don't know so let's keep an eye
on that that'll be fun
I'm trying to figure out what hoax will
be next because it looks like the
impeachment thing completely failed it
looks like the polls are moving opposite
shifts direction in other words the
president is picking up support is that
yeah he's got a he's got a record
economy and all-time high Republican
support I mean he's really in good shape
the president is really in good shape
for the re-election so the Democrats are
going to have to come up with another
hoax because the hoax is that they've
tried so far I've not worked amazingly
enough so let's try to predict what is
next and I'm starting to see some tests
balloons go up and I thought to myself
if you're a Republican how can you
explain your world based on what you've
seen all right so my world view is
completely consistent so my world view
says President Trump did not do anything
impeachable and therefore will not be
removed from office now if he's not
removed for out from office my world
view will be consistent but what if your
world view is that you're your Democrat
what if your world view is not only they
he the president did something that's
impeachable but several impeachable
things
and their worldview is it's all obvious
there's no question about the facts it's
just all obvious what would you think
about the president not being removed
from office
how would your world make sense in my
world he doesn't get removed from his
office because he didn't do anything
that would warrant that but if you think
he did plenty of things that weren't it
how do you explain it
yeah year from now when he's still in
office well but we're sick we're seeing
the answer to that you already know the
answer right the answer is that the
Republicans are a cult that's that seems
to be the answer they're looking for to
make their world make sense because if
Republicans are a cult and not looking
at reason then that makes sense because
the Republican majority in the Senate
will never vote to support impeachment
but not because there's not evidence
according to the Democratic view of the
world it's because it's a cult and I
think that most of us when we hear that
our first reaction was the laughs right
it was just laughs because it's on first
blush it's just sort of humorously
ridiculous but see then see then
actually had a cult expert on to
describe how Trump supporters actually
fit the definition of a cult now it's a
cult leader that I actually who actually
interviewed me recently a few months ago
and I think I'm in the book that was
mentioned or at least he interviewed me
as part of that I don't know if I made
it into a book or it was just for his
website I'm not sure but I did talk to
him so part of his evidence the this
cult expert part of his evidence that
the GOP is a cult is that they have an
all-powerful leader a leader who's you
know like got complete power that's
that's one of the definitions of a cult
to which I humorously tweeted I
- a call - whose leader is so powerful
that he almost got fired for making a
phone call that's how powerful Trump is
he almost got fired for making a phone
call
that's not exactly the most powerful
leader in the world do you know what
Putin never almost gets fired for making
a phone call do you know what President
Xi of China and never gets almost fired
for making a phone call do you know what
I almost never get fired for making a
phone call
Trump's the only person in the world who
could lose his job for making a phone
call
now of course I'm using a little
hyperbole but the point is in what world
does Trump look like he has all this
power he can't control the border on his
own he can't get a bill passed on his
own he can't get a trade deal done he
can't get the u.s. MCA signed he can't
do anything on his own it seems so the
thought that the GOP is a cult is
laughably laughably predictable and
funny all right because it's a slow news
week I'm going to challenge you - I
guess this is a challenge you know I
often say that well let me come at this
from a different angle I've been been
watching a lot of nerdy shows on YouTube
lately
and looking at different clips of new
studies about physics and and all these
weird things in physics so here are some
of the mysteries of the universe if you
will and I'll just list them and then
I'll make a point about them one of them
is do we have free will now without
getting into the details does freewill
make sense if we live in a universe
there's physics because the rules of
physics should apply inside our skull as
well as outside so how does it make
sense we have free will and yet we think
we do that's just one of those mysteries
of the universe
why is there no boundary to our universe
that we could get to have you noticed
you can't get to the edge of the
universe interesting we can't get there
what would it look like if we could have
you noticed that at the smallest level
if you looked at the subatomic level
that there's nothing there
there's nothing there only probability
what are the odds that if you drill down
into the smallest components of Earth
the building blocks of a reality that
you would find nothing there that's what
scientists have found there's nothing
there there's only probability and if
you and here's the other part reality
apparently is objective there have been
some studies to show that and subjective
what I mean by that is that your
observation of things collapses the wave
or whatever they call it but reality
doesn't exist until it's observed that's
actually a known thing at the small
quantum level until somebody observes it
it's only a probability how does that
make sense right I'll give you some more
dark matter 85% of the universe is made
of stuff that seems invisible and
doesn't and we can't identify 85% it's
just sort of dark matter whatever that
is why is that we can't see other see
intelligent life on other planets
because we would certainly expect we
would is it a coincidence that we
haven't run into them it's a mystery
did you know that scientists have shown
some studies recently that you can
change the past now it's on some small
level like the level of photons or
something but there have been some
studies in which they showed that they
could alter the past under special
conditions and what in what normal
universe can you alter the past
there can also be multiple histories
that can both be true and then there's a
Bell's Theorem where you have entangled
particles and if you if you make an
observation on one it collapses the
other one no matter where it is and it
does it instantly as in faster than the
speed of light so so you can change
something in one part of the universe
that makes an instant change to the you
know entangled particle on the other
side of the universe with no time no
time transpired it happens instantly on
the other side of the universe
how's that possible right it's a mystery
how about a magnetism I talked about
this one all the time
magnetic if you were to put a let's say
some kind of barrier between two magnets
magnet on each side and a barrier you
could not put any kind of a barrier
between them they would reduce the
magnetic attraction there's nothing you
can put between two magnets nothing
there even reduces it even in a
theoretical way there's nothing you can
do to stop a magnetic force how is that
possible it doesn't seem possible does
it
so now let me ask you this is there any
way to explain all of these I don't know
paradoxes and mysteries with one theory
yes there is
simulation Theory actually answers all
of these every one of these mysteries is
solved or could it be explained by by a
simulation theory that we're actually a
software world somebody asked about move
metal somebody is a good engineer new
metal mu metal is a magnetic shield but
it's not a shield in the normal sense
it's a diverter it diverts the force it
doesn't reduce it so you can divert a
force P can't reduce it are you
impressed that I knew that
I know my loot medals all right electric
field disrupter magnetism yeah you can
disrupt or add things to the magnetic
field that changed the whole situation
but there's no there's no material you
can put in the middle that reduces the
attractiveness well oh and the the moon
metal thing let me answer it better the
moon metal is attracted to the magnet so
it's actually just part of the magnetic
situation there's nothing that's
non-magnetic that you can put between
two magnets that has any effect on their
their attraction their attraction so
there you go every mystery in the
universe can be explained by us being a
software simulation all of them
somebody says mooo metal can conduct
divert or shield yes all those words are
correct but it's also magnetically
attracted to the magnet so I should have
said there's nothing that that there's
nothing that's not magnetic itself that
affects the magnetic field all right
because the simulation explained
Epstein's death well you know you heard
bill Barr
now what what did all of you think when
you saw that bill Barr believes that
Epstein's death was definitely a suicide
what did you think of that remember I
told you it was a suicide so I'm the one
person in the world besides Bill Maher I
guess um you know there are a handful of
us who think it was suicide what did you
think when Bill Barr said he looked at
the video and there was nobody else who
got in there I'm as certainly like year
the details of where that video was and
you know is it really to nobody else
could have gotten in there without going
through where the video camera was
I don't know so when you saw bill bara
say it was a suicide did it change your
mind
bar has conflict of interest I don't
know what that would be why do I have so
many people here is it because you're on
vacation today
now the Moon medallist is called
nu-metal
I'm very impressed too how many people
on your effort of Miu metal a magnetic
shielding material that's very
impressive
now that you sent it I'm good oh so
there's somebody here who's actually
convinced by Babar summer most of you do
think it was a suicide right oh no oh no
somebody just pointed out an obvious pun
so you've heard of epstein-barr or
syndrome we actually have in the news an
epstein-barr story one of the odds of
that and why did it take me so long to
realize the epstein-barr was the story
in the news oh my goodness so let's talk
about the cyber truck apparently there
are 200,000 orders for that thing and I
told you last couple days that I started
with a that that thing is ugly and a day
later I was starting to think well maybe
I wouldn't mind having one of those
cyber trucks and then the third day in
really what one I totally want one
so whatever magic Elon Musk uses to make
us want his products he's doing it again
you know he always was amazed at the the
old PayPal mafia that it was called so
Elon Musk and Peter Thiel
and other folks were part of the PayPal
startup years ago that's where they made
their first money and the thing I always
wondered about PayPal was yeah that's
great that you can make technology to
send money to people the technology is
great but how did he get people to use
it how do you get people to trust the
first financial app that a I'm sending
money through buying a little app well I
guess wasn't on the flour it was on
computer how did they ever get anybody
to trust it wasn't that the magic the
magic was getting people to trust it it
wasn't the technology they probably had
to talk big banks into you know working
with them and stuff there's some kind of
magic that all of those PayPal mafia
people have that they can recreate they
can make you want stuff and that is
really interesting people are agreeing
that the truck is growing on you no I
don't think the truck is ugly I think
the truck is just different than what
you expected and that's I think that's
what hit us all it's like oh I didn't
expect that and then apparently there's
a reason why it's so angular you know
sort of straight lines Musk tweeted
something about the the super hard metal
that they're using is hard to bend and
stamp so there aren't that many shapes
you can actually make if you want your
metal to be that strong so now here's a
question for you what happens when that
truck runs into a regular automobile if
you have a high-speed collision and
you're in the cyber truck and the person
that you have the high-speed collision
with is not do you end up like your
truck is unhurt and you're just like you
have to use the wipers to wipe off the
other person's body parts from your your
windshield and then you just keep
driving it's a serious question what
happens if you
an accident with a cyber trunk does the
car that hits the cyber truck get
completely destroyed because there's no
give on the other side it's just a solid
object that never dents I know could be
an issue all right
I'm buying the truck somebody says for
$100 refundable you can say you ordered
one it looks like explain novelty mmm I
don't know what that question means
so I guess PayPal was in the eBay thing
at first mmm okay all right you know I
don't have anything else to talk about
but I have two point seven thousand
people here say if I have any questions
any questions on my book by the way I'll
be on Tucker Carlson's show tonight so
look for me tonight I'm Tucker Carlson
refer to the law of physics
oh yeah Eddie get rescued yeah
suppose there's a jaws of life situation
and you're in a crumpled siper truck can
anything get you out maybe never
crumpled son I'm fascinated by all of
your comments that truck is a lot of
comments look how many people are
interested can you imagine any other
product that I would mention and
everybody still wants to talk about it's
kind of weird all right I'm gonna bore
you all to death because I got nothing
else it's such a slow news week can I
talk about Gemini's well I I am a Gemini
as you know there are many powerful
leaders who are Gemini's Kanye West
President Trump
John Kennedy but there are powerful
leaders of all astrological signs so it
doesn't mean much and I'm gonna go do
something else and I will talk to you
later