do you to do that but father I'm sorry I
just can't wipe the happiness off my
face sometimes oh my oh my
there's a new Susan new poll out oh
there's a new poll out on CNN I thought
I thought I'd share with you sorry
so you know they've been pulling the
what they call the generic election
between a generic Democratic Republican
and just a few months ago there was a
16-point gap between the voters
preferences for for a Democrat that was
way up here generic one versus a generic
Republican and a few months before that
people had been asking me what was my
prediction for how the midterms would go
and I said I would only commit to this
prediction that whatever people thought
was going to be the outcome around
January 1st of this year that the actual
outcome would be surprisingly better for
Republicans now Republicans are still
behind but they're but the gap has
tightened from 16 points just in the
last couple months to three to three now
toss in your usual shy Trump voters and
and the the independence and
now the generic battle doesn't really
tell you everything you need to know
about the individual battles that really
do depend on the candidates but for
those situations that were you know
closed the Republicans are still behind
but it went from here to here but that's
not why I was laughing when you first
signed on I was trying to I was trying
to contain myself and I was thinking
ahead
and I was laughing when some of you got
out here what I was laughing about his
election day for the midterms and here's
why so number one the Democrats are
depending on this to be true for them to
have a good midterm this is what they
depend to be true Republicans don't care
that much about guns good luck with that
number two that if Republicans smell
blood in the water
which you can kind of smell it now can't
you just smell that it's blond in the
water would they be inclined and I'm
just going to put this out here as a
suggestion
I'll put put it in the form of imagine
something all right so use your
imaginations with me
it's election evening for the midterms
and you're a Republican or you're
backing president Trump in in any case
and you're looking for a good result
imagine if you will that having watched
the Democrats like Charlie Brown with
the football well that's President Trump
he's never going to
elected soup well you know he got
elected okay but he's never gonna do
anything good North Korea poop
unemployment poop Isis OOP
so there's been a whole lot of losing
going on
on the Democrat side which to them is
terrible
their movie is a tragedy I feel bad for
them and I actually do feel bad for them
they're having a tough time with us the
Republicans have had a real good laugh
up to this point but hasn't everybody
kind of sort of assumed a little bit
that that was all gonna come crushing
down on the midterms didn't you sort of
think the party might be over and then
the midterms would you know sort of
start reversing some Trump stuff but
imagine if you will that it didn't go
that way so just put yourself in the
future and you're you're you're at home
you're with your friends you're having a
beverage and against all projections the
Republicans have a sensational midterm
how hard are you going to be laughing
okay I'm not wrong I'm not wrong the
Democrats really could win the midterms
just by falling off a log so it turns
out they're historically speaking the
very lowest bar is to have a good
midterms at this to have a good midterm
election after the other team got a
president right history says this was
sort of a gimme for the Democrats even
the Republicans think that's like well
yeah the first midterm you're always
gonna lose lose seats but what if it
didn't happen
forget about forget about policies for a
moment forget about who you'd want to
have in control of Congress forget about
that for the moment just think about
this one thing how hard you would laugh
if Republicans have a great midterm come
on you know that would be a wild party
at your house right maybe you have a
barbecue call some people over all right
now you could also be disappointed but I
want you to compare these these two
variables probably because it's going to
be close when it gets down to the line
the enthusiasm to go vote might be the
difference so which side has the better
enthusiasm well traditionally it's been
the Democrats because they get a lot of
angry energy but compare these two
motivations roughly speaking on election
day midterms Republicans if they decide
to turn out you know if they can
convince their friends to go if they can
make it a party what they're looking at
is the funnest party anybody ever had
yeah I mean is that evening to sit
around with or with their beers and
their barbecue it would be the funnest
party you ever had because I don't know
if you could stop laughing it would just
be so hilarious all right so that that's
what the Republicans have as a like a
prize now on top of that they get to
keep all the stuff that they that they
were afraid of losing you know they're
afraid of losing the president and
afraid of you know taxes going up all
those other things that they they think
they have solved so the Republicans have
the fear of losing something which is
far stronger than the then the urge to
get something right this is important so
Republicans are look
losing stuff that they just got the
other side is looking at trying to get
new stuff not really defining what that
is exactly you vaguely yeah right those
are even the team that's trying to not
lose the stuff they just got is more
motivated that team also is looking at
the potential for yet again another
surprise victory and the best party
they've ever had except for an election
night I suppose here's what the folks on
the Left have to motivate them and I'm
looking ahead now assuming this is
election day they have the chance to
impeach the president that gave them the
lowest unemployment rates in history for
african-americans and for most groups I
think the president who may have by then
denuclearized the Korean Peninsula and
maybe because it's several months from
now a Middle East peace plan that's
halfway done so that's what would
motivate the left is to try to stop all
of those things I just mentioned by
impeaching the president so do those do
those motivations seem like they would
be similar to you I don't know if the
only difference at this point is what
seems to be the motivation level you
just have to sort of think ahead to that
day and I think the Republicans may be
ready to do what I'm about to do now you
know it's coming you know it's coming
it's not coffee it's the tears of my
enemies
drink with me let's lift a glass to the
tears of our enemies to motivation to
winning
you know what's funny is i'm not even a
republican but this is so freakin funny
you know just you kid if you're not on
the left where it's not funny at all
believe me it's not funny over there
it's just really funny i can't help it
i don't i don't want to think it's funny
but it is alright did everybody enjoy
their enemy tears then the past i think
there's only one thing that this
periscope could have that it doesn't
have already that would make it complete
I give you the one man play an act it's
a play in one act
I call it Dale election night midterms
and it goes a little like this good
tears
alright salty salty somebody said
alright so I saw that news report and by
the way the only other thing I want to
show you is so I went to my app and I
thought well I'll call it up on my phone
the the CNN poll I'd seen it on my
laptop but I wanted to hold it in front
of me when I was reading it to you and I
thought well that's pretty big news so
that's gonna be sort in here at the top
right probably right at the top it's
brand new it's big news just came out so
it would be right at the top right no no
that's Cohen but you know it's it's
gonna be in the top three you know big
story like that top three top five at
least right so step three - four - five
well I mean it's it's in the top ten
this one I didn't I meant it's a chop
well top 20 totally it's it's definitely
gonna be in the top 20
okay I know it's here cuz I clicked on
well it's somewhere here well let's just
say it's not near the top all right
that's all I got for now go enjoy your
evening
start planning your party and have a
good night