bum-bum-bum-bum-bum
[Applause]
hey everybody come on in it's time for a
coffee with Scott Adams it and you're in
luck because for whatever reason your
schedule allowed you to listen to this
live yeah you're gonna get it better and
fresher than everybody who watches it on
replay oh I love my replay Watchers but
Wow
you know it's time for that excellent
part of the day the best part of the day
the thing that makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous sip and it
goes like this all you need this is a
cup or a mug or glass a tanker
Challenger side a canteen juggler flask
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine Ian of the day the thing that
makes everything better this
simultaneous sip that's right go well
the news is coming at us fast and
furious there's so much news I can
barely know what to do as you probably
know by now the president has announced
with with Netanyahu of Israel they've
announced their proposed peace plan for
the Palestinians and Israelis now this
of course obviously is one of the
biggest stories in the world so let's go
over to the CNN page and see what
they're saying in the headlines
okay okay cnn.com there's one little
story about Alan Dershowitz patting Mike
Pompeo on the back at the wrong time and
maybe sending the wrong message
what is really in the United States just
announced a peace proposal and the only
reporting on it on CNN's home page is
about Alan Dershowitz and his back
pathing ways apparently he patted Mike
Pompeo on the back at the wrong time to
thinking that the back pat was
associated with a different message than
what he was thinking when he patted him
on the back that's the story that's a
story but ok so see you then obviously
doesn't want to cover the story because
it's bad for President Trump
so we'll let's go over to Fox News and
we'll find out the major headlines on
Fox News nothing what what's going on
here I'm sure I saw this as news
yesterday are you oh you are you serious
the two top online news organizations
nothing it's not even a story are you
kidding me now I'm trying to swear less
in this coming year but it's really hard
to look at stuff like this and not do a
little bit of cursing I'm not going to
you don't need to turn down the sound
I'm going to over a comment but I don't
quite know why this gigantic story
didn't make the front page at least in
one one story let's talk about it so the
the peace plan shows a map in which the
so-called Palestinian state if it were
created yet let's say everybody agreed
and they created a an Israeli state
that's got revised borders and then
somewhere there there's a Palestinian
state this seems to be woven you know
and surrounded by the Israeli territory
according to the initial map which yeah
was really the first offer if you will
and the first thing you notice is that
they've figured out how to keep things
largely the way they are meaning they
they kind of just drew the map around
where people already are so there's a
practical element to it which is it
doesn't require people to move
too much yeah one has to assume that
there's gonna be somebody who has to
move but it's not a major element of the
plan so that's good so the first thing
is you're not making people move so
that's you know that's it reaches the
the practical level on that amazingly
the Israeli politicians seemed to be in
agreement about this the people who who
are violently not violently but
vehemently opposed to each other around
politics within Israel or actually on
the same side for this plan which is
kind of amazing it's kind of amazing to
get even Israel on the same side with a
peace plan but it happened even more
interesting is that Saudi Arabia has
already signed on now can we do a little
historical background on this what did
people say when Saudi Arabia and MPs
were accused of chopping up Khashoggi
with a bone saw well pretty much
everybody who is smart said her Saudi
Arabia you cannot be our ally anymore
you've done this terrible thing we can
no longer deal with you you must be
punished but interestingly President
Trump did not act that way he went very
very gingerly on Saudi Arabia definitely
treated them with kid gloves
on something that he could have easily
gone the other way and I said at the
time it was probably the right play
because later you would need Saudi
Arabia to to bless any kind of a larger
peace plan and there it is there it is
so what I told you was the smart reason
to go gentle with Saudi Arabia just came
through Saudi Arabia just signed on no
hesitation absolutely
you have to wonder is this a direct or
at least an indirect payback for
president Trump remaining allies and and
remaining a you know staunch supporter
of the kingdom if not that event
obviously not sporting the event
killing khashoggi but not dropping the
entire relationship because it you know
we don't know if this peace plan will go
anywhere but that's a very positive sign
so he got something out of it so here's
what's good about this plan and I would
go so far as to say this plan is
stealthily genius meaning that it's not
obvious why this is such a good idea if
you take the long view you say to
yourself there's no way the Palestinians
are gonna agree to this so it's a waste
of time it's like every other time even
if they made a deal they'd break the
deal Arafat promised he'd do it then he
changed his mind they can't ever have
peace what they really want to do is to
destroy Israel largely true I mean
pretty much all of those all those
observations would be based on unreality
that it's a tough thing and you would
expect that the odds would be deeply
deeply deeply against their working
accept there are some differences here
let's talk about the differences what's
different about this plan compared to
any other plan that didn't work in the
past and there are some differences and
they're worth Corleone number one it's
detailed apparently this is the first
time that anybody came up with a
detailed plan now you say to yourself
well that's a waste of time because if
you can't get them to even agree on the
concept of peace what's that what the
hell is the point of talking about the
details the details are a complete waste
of time because you're never going to
get to the details you can't get past go
right that would be the common sense way
to look at it but
turns out that this crew of people
working on this are not standard
thinkers and I mean that in the best
possible way Jared Kushner and avi
Berkowitz was called out by the
President and even Netanyahu and the
president they have special skills and
you see that in this deal and again if
you didn't know had to have a spot these
skills it would be invisible to you you
would say well it's just like the other
time we make an offer they say no back
to square one but here's what's
interesting there's something about this
that has master persuader written all
over it and the thing is that because of
the details
if forces people to think past the sale
have you ever heard me talk about that
before so instead of concentrating on
yes no to a peace plan he this forces
people to look at the map and to look at
there there's one place where they
cleverly are proposing to build an
underground well it's a tunnel so it's
underground a tunnel to connect the
contiguous parts of what would become
the Palestinian state so that they don't
have to worry about being you know
separated there'd at least be a tunnel
now what is that going to make people do
well at first they may say no no which I
think the Palestinians have already said
you know it took them 10 seconds to
reject it all on its surface but they're
still going to look at it because
curiosity alone is going to make you
look at it so you're gonna look at it
and you're gonna say to yourself yeah
that tunnel isn't the worst idea but
maybe it needs to be in a slightly
different place or a little bit longer
or or maybe it shouldn't be underground
because there wouldn't be enough
security
you'd be harder to protect if somebody
blows something up wouldn't it be better
if it's above the ground etc and maybe
maybe that's all true maybe there's a
better way to do it
maybe the tunnel would not be as
as you want it to be but if you can get
the parties to start debating the
details then you've already brought
their minds past the yes/no decision and
into the details that's new all right
making them engage on the details even
if they say they're not they're going to
engage on the details even if only in
their mind all right
so even if they say no no we're not
gonna look at even any part of this
they're still gonna think about it you
could just still look at that map and
they're gonna say yeah I don't like
where they drew the lines here if they
draw the lines differently I might react
differently but I don't like the way it
is now as long as you can make them
think about that you're way ahead
secondly the map itself because it has
details as the as the roads and bridges
and tunnels and and all the areas
selected they've turned a concept into
something visual now I don't know how
often we've seen this before
I think maybe in the past there have
been maps but just because it was a good
map it was visual that takes you that
takes you to a new place because now
there's something in the visual part of
your brain which is the most dominant
part that you can react to and again you
stick it in that visual part of the
brain and then you make people react to
the details and it gets you past the
sale the other thing they're doing is
they put a four year deadline on it
which coincidentally roughly matches
president Trump's second term and I
think that's smart because you know that
on day one they're gonna say no no no
but what about four years from now over
four years do you think anything could
happen all right now here's the best
part well I'll give you another another
couple of best parts there's more than
one best part
as other pundits have noted every time
there's a peace plan offered to the
Palestinians it gets worse
meaning that you know back in whatever
decades ago originally you know Israel
was going to give back something like
all of the land they want in the in the
1960 a war and then the next offer was
well we'll give you back most of that
land but we're using some of it and then
the next offer was well you know maybe a
fraction of that land because you know
we've got security needs and we're using
a lot of it we got settlements and stuff
so direction matters a lot to decision
making because they've created a
situation where the offer after this
might be no offer at all because you can
see the pattern now big offer a little
bit little smaller a little bit smaller
this one is sort of the last offer you
can get in which there's anything left
and during this time and I was talking
about the psychology of where things are
versus where they're going
our brains are far more affected by
where things are heading than where they
are and the this pattern that Israel is
created is that Israel gets stronger
every year the Palestinians seem to be
worse off every year and their potential
to get better off is also shrinking
every year so when is the best time to
make a deal if you have the Palestinians
well the situation that the Israelis and
I guess the US have created is that it's
really obvious now really really obvious
that the sooner you make the deal the
better off you will be but not the
better off of Israel will be Israel
wants a deal but they don't need it they
just don't need it because they found a
way to stay pretty darn safe from you
know incursions and terrorism etc
relative to what it used to be so if you
were in Israel now the odds of being
killed by a terrorist
thing in any given week pretty low so
the we've reached sort of an ideal
situation and then I don't know the the
the specifics of this maybe somebody can
help me on the on the fact-checking
but because Iran is at least temporarily
beaten down they they don't have much
money and they're not getting too
adventurous at the moment because they
lost their top adventurous general it
could be that Iran either by withdrawing
the support financially or or even maybe
more directly may be promoting directly
or indirectly maybe more of a positive
than at any time in the past so what the
what the Israelis and the US are asking
for sounds impossible from the
Palestinian perspective because you know
there are a lot of radicals there etc
but here's the best part yeah I saved
the real best part for the end here's
the real best part Israel does not need
the Palestinians agreement if he didn't
catch that you missed the best part
because what Israel is said is that you
know this this new map they're proposing
is what we think is really ballsy --all
can simply just adjust the borders
there's nobody will stop them from
saying well you can do what you want
with what's left over we're just going
to adjust our borders and then we're
going to call it good if you'd like to
be recognized as the state you know as a
as a proper nation there are some steps
that you need to take you know
denouncing terrorism and recognizing
Israel and not paying terrorists for
terrorist acts and a few other things I
guess but we also don't care that's the
important part
does Israel really care if the
Palestinians become a state not really
not really I mean they they think it
would be better to have a proper state
situation maybe that would lead to more
safety etc
but Israel can just make this a fact
they just have to readjust their borders
and say four years of now well how'd it
go how'd it go it's been working for us
so do you want to be a state yet because
if you say yes to a state you get fifty
billion dollars for development fifty
billion dollars that's a lot for that
little chunk of territory what they
don't have to they can just keep doing
what they're doing and not give 50
billion dollars they could not have a
state they have the option so what's
different about this plan is the
specificity the the visual element of it
the fact that it continues this pattern
of sooner you do it the better but we
were in no hurry but the sooner you do
it the better for you but it's not up to
us so everything about this deal is kind
of brilliant
now brilliant doesn't mean it's going to
work right if you're if you're a smart
better you always you always bet against
you know you're always gonna bet against
the deal in the Middle East right well
you've never seen one this good in terms
of the psychology of it the practicality
of it the fact that you can just sort of
implement it before anybody even agrees
with any part of it
nobody has to agree with any part of it
Israel can just start putting it into
reality build a fence here a border
there and wall there and it's done so
there's there's really a deep brilliance
to this that I don't know if the news
understands but we'll have to see here's
something interesting the CNN does all
the time I called them out for this but
and I'm sure FoxNews probably doesn't I
just noticed it more on CNN what they'll
do is they'll have an opinion piece an
opinion writer who will write a bunch of
opinions about usually Donald Trump and
embedded in the opinion piece is a
statement of fact that just isn't true
and I think to myself what is the
internal policy or rules for CNN when a
pundit does an opinion piece but
includes in a fact that's just not true
so here's one
so Zachary wolf writing for CNN so this
is on cnn.com writes this exact sentence
quote there is no evidence of wrongdoing
by either Joe or hunter Biden talking
about verismo right
there is no evidence of wrongdoing
stated as a fact there's no evidence of
wrongdoing is that of fact does that
feel like a fact so I ran a little poll
and I asked people on Twitter just
before I got came on here life I said
which of these words best describes the
hunter Biden Purisima situation choice
one was perfectly acceptable and about
two percent said yeah it's perfectly
acceptable then the next two choices
were criminal and legal but wrong
remember the thing we're testing is the
word wrongdoing CNN has stated as a fact
with it embedded within an opinion piece
stated as a fact that what hunter and
Joe Biden did collectively was no
wrongdoing no evidence of wrongdoing but
when I put it to a poll 47 I think
actually it's a above 50% now half of
the people said it was criminal now of
course almost all of the people
answering a poll on my Twitter feed are
pro-trump people but that's you know 60
million people or whatever so so of that
group not 60 million people answering
the poll but a sample of that group half
of them think is criminal to which I say
there actually is no evidence of
criminal behavior what are you watching
the half of you who said that what
hunter Biden was doing was criminal or
what hunter and Joe Biden were doing
collectively was criminal do you know
that there's not
there's not one lawyer involved with
Trump's defense
there's no TV lawyer who's ever said
it's criminal where are you getting this
I mean I'm on your I'm on your side
you know directionally I get what you're
saying that there's something deeply
wrong with this verismo situation but
where in the world did you see some news
or an expert opinion that there was
something criminal going on have you not
noticed that no TV lawyer says it's
criminal and I'm pretty sure the
president's people would say it's a
criminal act here's the code here's what
you violated what is making you think
it's criminal if the top experts who
certainly would say it's criminal if it
were they're not even saying it where
are you getting this where is this
coming from of computers but the third
choice was legal but wrong so I put the
word wrong in there because the question
is does it is there any evidence of
wrongdoing and something you know close
to half the people said it was legal but
wrong uh-huh then so that's that I'm
giving you my opinion based on ten
minutes ago but I've updated it I've
updated it so a twitter user dr. chris
or this crisis or something dr c HR x is
however you want to pronounce that
that's his Twitter handle reminds me or
or tells me sends me a link that JP
Morgan Chase settled two years ago they
paid two hundred and sixty four million
dollars to settle a case in which there
was criminal behavior in which they had
a program in which they were hiring the
sons and daughters of important Chinese
officials so that they could get more
banking deals in China and this was
found criminal to the point that they
had to pay a two hundred and sixty four
million dollar fine
that's a big big fine
two hundred and sixty-four million
dollar fine
that's not playing around I mean they're
a big company but that's that's a
serious find and and the reason of
course is that it it basically fits some
US law about bribery
so in effect JPMorgan Chase was found
guilty of bribing Chinese officials for
banking business now the bribery was in
the form of hiring their their
unqualified kids and just giving them a
salary for doing probably close to
nothing and now in this case there was
no doubt about what they were doing
because the investigation kicked up well
first of all the name of the program was
the sons and daughters program
internally at JP Morgan Chase they
actually called it the sons and
daughters program and they had
spreadsheets this showed you know which
son and daughter got hired and then on
the spreadsheet you could see what new
business they got related to that top
Chinese official whose son or daughter
was hired so in the JPMorgan Chase case
there was no doubt that they were using
this as bribes right the so the factual
basis totally beyond dispute and so JP
Morgan settled two hundred and sixty
four million dollars apparently they
made something like a or they got
something like a hundred million dollars
in new business so this didn't work out
for them at all now here's the question
we have a law in this country that you
can't bribe other countries to get
business but do we have a law that says
that we can't be bribed and and would
that law says say that we can't be
bribed for political access because in
the case of Hunter it's not the only
person making money was hunter himself
it wasn't wasn't the US making money so
is there a law that would make it
illegal for a hunter to do what he did
had given that we know if the situation
were reversed and we were bribing let's
say if we were hiring the sons and
orders of burries bow to get some extra
Purisima business for some US company
that would definitely be illegal but if
you reverse it is there any statute that
covers that the this is reminding me a
lot of you are saying yes but I'm
thinking probably no based on the fact
that the people who know the most about
this are not presenting it as an
argument don't you think that somebody
like Jay Sekulow or Dershowitz or
somebody don't you think somebody who
knows how these things work would have
said oh it's not just sloppy behavior
you violated this very specific law
about foreign corruption nobody's making
that argument so I'm gonna guess that
there is no four there is no domestic
law that says the hunter can't do that
it's just sloppy now here's the question
when Alan Dershowitz was talking about
what what makes something a criminal
enough situation to be prosecutable or
to be a teachable he made the case that
it doesn't have to be technically a
crime it just has to be at least crime
like in other words there could be some
technical reason why you can't prosecute
it but if it's exactly like a crime
that's on the books you still say well
it's not technically a crime but it's so
crime like we're gonna impeach this guy
anyway this is that situation it might
be that while hunter Biden and Joe Biden
did doesn't violate a specific law
technically but it is exactly what was
happening with JP Morgan and that was a
crime so I think you could say that
although there's no impeachment on the
table here that was as crime like as you
could possibly get now not necessarily
for Joe Biden there's no indication that
Joe Biden did anything illegal or even
crime like or even swampy because he
wasn't the one who made the decision
to go work for Brisbane that was untrue
so that's I guess the question I ask is
is it is it appropriate for CNN's
opinions pieces to have an embedded fact
in it
that's so obviously wrong because by
saying that there's no evidence of
wrongdoing it challenges our own
observation because we're looking at it
we're saying what do you mean there's no
evidence what you report about this
situation is the evidence CNN's own
reporting got a job wasn't qualified
overpaid clearly it was for political
purposes how was that not wrong during
all right even if it's not illegal Joe
Biden said that in a recent Town Hall
looking situation he said this he was
asked whoever he was asked about his VP
pick and he said whomever I pick for VP
must be capable of being president
common thing they always say that right
I'm only gonna pick a VP was capable of
being a president so it must be capable
of being president because I'm an old
guy no I'm serious that's what he said
because people laughed when he said
because I'm an old guy he goes no I'm
serious now I think he also talked about
somebody younger and so in his context
he said that there there are several
people people of color he would consider
as vice president running mate there are
some women who would consider and of
course because of his age
the implication is there has to be
somebody younger this is what I call
foreshadowing let me ask you this if Joe
Biden had a choice of getting a woman
who was also white is that as good a
choice for his purposes of running for
president as a Democrat would that be as
good as having somebody who is a person
of color which is better to have a woman
running mate
or a person of color it doesn't matter
because he could have both why in the
world would he not choose someone who
was both a woman and a person of color
there would be stupid right am i right
that would just be stupid you can't even
you can't even make an argument for
picking someone who is only one of those
two things either a person of color
let's say cory booker or a woman let's
say elizabeth warren so I think it's
just obvious that his first choice would
be a younger person younger than him
anyway and a person of color
now aoc of course is too radical and
she's too young so she's she's off the
list but it kind of comes down to to
Kabul Harris right so now I know you're
gonna say to yourself what about stacey
abrams well here's the next part and if
you haven't seen this yet this might
fill in some blanks when you're running
for president you want the person who
complements you the best and biden is
saying and actually i give him credit
for this there's a lot there's a lot
about Joe Biden that makes him
unqualified to be President in my
opinion but there's a whole bunch about
him that I just respect and one of them
is sometimes he does tell it like it is
right yeah he still lies about the
Charlottesville hoax but sometimes he'll
just say things away this and he says
he's an old guy and so he needs to make
sure he gets a proper vice president who
can step in that is really honest I
gotta say that was super honest and
maybe more honest than he should have
been it probably hurts him but I
appreciate it because it was so honest
so let me give you some examples when
Bill Clinton ran for president he was a
governor from a smallish state if you're
a governor you do not know where all the
where all the all the skeletons are and
where all the keys are in Washington DC
so if you've been a governor you have
experience managing you
an operation but you don't have
experience of operating in Washington DC
at the federal level so what Clinton did
to fill in that gap is he picked a
senator a respected senator who was also
easily capable of being president so he
picked Al Gore all right so keep that in
mind the the top of the ticket pick
somebody who's the best compliment now
Stacey Abrams has never won a contested
election she's won uncontested elections
and then lost for a governor but she's
only been involved in state politics and
not really that successfully compare
that to Carmel Harris who because Biden
is talking about his own age being a
risk factor I I appreciate the honesty
he's also saying that he could be going
on day one because it's true
he could get elected on a Tuesday and
already be you know incapable to do the
duties of the office by Wednesday it's a
real possibility you know I don't know
what the odds are but you have to plan
for it because it's the whole country so
could Stacey Abrams take over as
president with no federal experience
whatsoever and would not have a vice
president that at that point so it would
be sort of flying alone on day one and
the answer is nobody believes that
nobody believes you could take somebody
whose best experience is losing the
governorship you know losing the
election and so that's her best
experience nobody thinks that person can
step in to be the President of the
United States so Stacey Abrams just
doesn't she doesn't rise to the level of
serious enough that she could help him
she probably heard him more than she
helped him but Carmel Harris senator
experience senator from a major state if
Joe Biden became incapacitated the day
after the election could Kamala Harris
credibly credibly in other words with
the with the country look at her and say
okay we're okay we're okay we got
somebody who knows where the keys are
you know at least she's been in
Washington she
have that business runs she even ran for
president alright she's she's about as
close as you can get to being ready to
take over tomorrow the senator is a good
good choice for that so I would say that
the foreshadowing is now complete you're
going to see Kamala Harris this is still
my prediction from long ago will be
picked as a vice presidential running
mate because she has the most
connections to the old Clinton machine
and it would put Hillary Clinton back in
control so Hillary Clinton's play to run
the country without actually having to
do the job is to get cobble Harris there
and have her advisers advising komlin
all right so that's where we're going so
let's talk about the did you know that
the that the law against fentanyl in
this country the thing that makes it
illegal is going to expire in a little
over a week what did you know that our
law against fentanyl wasn't even a
permanent law and that because of
impeachment they probably won't get
around to it
holy cow you want to pick you want to
pick a topic that's gonna piss me off
you couldn't pick a topic that pisses me
off more than that if anybody's new here
I lost my stepson to a fentanyl related
overdose in 2018 so this is personal to
me
if this impeachment and these Democrats
cause that law to to lapse and fentanyl
becomes illegal even for a day you know
even if it only lasts a day I'm just not
gonna be a happy camper and you get to
hear about that
so Hong Kong is looking at closing its
borders or maybe it already did
Tibet closing its borders because of the
the coronavirus China of course is
closing more cities the number of people
affected is doubling every day or two
and I guess United Airlines is canceling
flights for lack of demand and British
Airways is considering or maybe already
did banned flights so the obvious
question you might ask is why are we not
banning all flights coming into China
coming in from China what you know can
we really control this thing
so reliably that we don't have to do
that I'm not buying it I think that
people who are bad at risk management
are saying that well it's it's fewer
people than will die in car accidents
and we allow cars the worst argument you
can ever make because there's no
correlation between cars which are
somewhat necessary for civilization at
this point versus a virus which is not
necessary for civilization so they
couldn't be more different situations
and anybody who compares the virus to
anything else even other flus is just
being stupid that is a stupid comparison
because it is its own thing
it's its own thing as soon as you
compare it to another thing you're just
going into stupid land because
everything you need to know about it you
can determine from just looking at it
you don't need an analogy if you go to
the analogy it's a sign that you don't
have an argument so we really have to
ask what's wrong with our government I
would say our government is failing us
on this topic they're failing us and I
think I think Trump has to take
responsibility for that you know he's
the book the buck stops there right if
Trump does not tell you why the airports
are staying open and he also doesn't
close them for flights coming in from
China if he doesn't say anything about
it he's failing you he's failing as a
president on that topic anybody no
matter how much you like his other stuff
that would be just an absolute grade of
F and that's what you said that's where
he is right now
he's had a grade of F
handling this crisis and by the way only
because of lack of communication right
if he did communicate and he said we're
looking at this really carefully and the
costs of closing the airports you know
all things considered could actually be
greater than the risk of this thing but
you know we'll we'll close it in a
moment if that changes if he said
something like that I'd say all right
well at least the smartest people are
looking at it they're watching it you
know maybe they know more than I do I
could be convinced but the lack of your
president saying anything about closing
the airports or even why it's still open
complete failure
that is a complete failure of government
you can't fail harder than that really
that's that's a hundred percent failure
there's nothing you can say about that
that makes that less failure you know I
don't know how much you love your
president there's nothing you can say
about this that absolves him from not
explaining this to the public in a way
that we can say yes or no
I hear the polls say that 75% of the
public wants to hear from witnesses and
the impeachment and what should you make
of that the politicians some of them
anyway are trying to say that that's
telling the politicians that the public
wants wants this
I don't think that's what's happening I
don't think that's what's happened I
think that the public votes for the best
spectacle there might have been a time
in the past when the public would vote
you know would answer a poll based on
their self-interest I just don't know
that that's today I think you know this
is something I've suggested before
they're one of the prediction methods I
use is that if you don't know how things
are going to go and let's say just to
simplify let's say there are two ways
the future could go one of them is
boring and one of them would be great
headlines and entertaining it feels to
me and this is just anecdotal I have no
science to back this whatsoever
but it seems to me that we almost always
go in the direction of greatest story in
other words if it were a movie one of
those stories would be a better script I
feel like we always go in the direction
of the better script what would be
better just for entertainment
no not what's good for the country and
not what's good for you now what's good
for the parties of the president but
what would be the most fun to watch
witnesses what would be more fun than
watching hunter Biden Schiff Joe Biden
you know Bolton what would be more
entertaining than watching all of them
testify not much not much tell me one TV
show or one movie that you immediately
say I would rather watch that TV show or
that movie than to watch John Bolton
testify to watch shift get grilled by
the Republicans I mean seriously we're
talking about some super entertaining
stuff really entertaining I I have mixed
feelings because strategically I think
the Republicans should you know let the
arguments play out and then before
considering witnesses they should have a
vote and they should have a vote
narrowly narrowly on the Dershowitz
argument that these things do not rise
to the level of an impeachable and
therefore even if everything even if
more came out about the details it
wouldn't make any difference it wouldn't
matter if there's a quid pro quo
wouldn't matter what the president said
so the most rational way to go here
would be for Mitch McConnell to say all
right let everybody have their say but
then before we decide our witnesses the
logical step is to have a vote on
whether there's any more information
anybody needs because if you could have
voted it away based on doesn't reach the
constitutional level for impeachment
don't need any witnesses because there's
nothing anybody is suggesting the
witness
this would say they would change that
fact it doesn't change the
constitutional argument at all so we'll
see if Mitch McConnell gets pressured
into getting these witnesses in here
well that would be another another
success for the prediction that says the
best movie wins the one that's the most
entertaining so you can't rule that out
so and here we have this is maybe a
clean case because what the Republicans
should do is have that vote in
dismissive on constitutional grounds but
if they don't then there's something
predictive about that best story idea
all right let's see what else we got
going on here just make sure I haven't
missed any big points you know don't
believe I have I think I had all the big
points
somebody says did Trump leak the Bolton
book details if I have to guess I would
guess it's somebody in the publishers in
the publishing printing area do you know
how many people see a book before it
gets published it's kind of a lot it's
gotten a lot so I'll just give you my
experience so I have I have a editor so
my editor would see the book the editor
is sort of a high-level editor that's
more directional and you know did we get
the book concept right you know that
kind of editing high-level and then
there's there are one or two other
editors who might get involved in the
details one of them would be about the
the grammar and the spelling and the
structure and that sort of thing so
you've got you know three different
editors of course the publisher all of
the assistants who work for those
editors they all have it and then what
about spouses and boyfriends and
girlfriends because I imagine I assume
that a lot of these editors take work
home don't you think that that
manuscript the Bolton manuscript has has
left the publisher at one point and you
know somebody took a
to work on it and edit it of course you
know why would they and then then it
goes to the printer how many people at
the printers office have access to
looking at the manuscript all of them
all of them the you know the entire
printing company could probably walk by
a big bin of books and just take one or
just open it up and take a photograph of
a page so there are probably something
like if I had to put a number on it
maybe 25 people who were in the
publishing chain chain of custody who
could have seen it at least 25 could
have been 100 but at least 25 had access
to it and that's not counting the
government so it could be anybody who
leaked it so could it could it have been
Trump maybe can't rule it out but a lot
of people saw it somebody said they
would think only four or five yeah there
are only four or five people who had
would have a direct a direct business
reason to have it but unless the
publisher had an unusual set of strict
rules of secrecy all of their assistants
had access to it it was probably just
laying on the desk in the office and
they probably took it home etc so there
you go and they also probably talked
about it don't you think that the the
people who edited it might have had a
drink at some point and said you know
I'm at it in that book don't tell
anybody but you should see page 12 128
and you know so it's easy to imagine
they're just tons and tons of people who
could've leaked that thing all right
this was timed yeah I don't think you
can rule out the possibility that was a
timed leak it's a little too
coincidental yeah somebody saying
vindens twin brother had access to it
true but you know here's the thing
the if you're looking at risk management
you wouldn't want to be somebody in the
government who
this because if it's somebody in the
government who leaked that the odds of
being discovered are pretty good and and
you're done
but if you're an editor's assistant just
as an example and you leaked it no
impact probably no impact them you know
especially if they don't find out who
you are probably no impact so the most
likely people that leaked it would be
the people who had the the least to lose
I it's Bernie Brothers yeah
so there's another project Veritas video
of our Bernie bro with some organizer
type person with long hair who can't
stop scratching himself I think he has
Felice unless you're saying that you
know there would be trouble with if
Bernie doesn't get elected so I can't
imagine Bernie having a chance of
winning this thing so if he does get
nominated it's sort of over
I think Biden would be the same
situation but Bernie would be over
faster uh somebody in the comment says
oh my god what kind of world makes to
f'ing vinda means well this kind of a
world
alright that's all I got for now I'll
talk to you tomorrow