doudou yes it's me again back for a
second periscope in the morning and it's
because I'm so excited I've got a new
topic something I just saw in the news
which I'm going to put together with you
put all the parts together and we're
gonna get a peek at the future I'm going
to show you a future that nobody has
shown you yet and it's a good one so
this is all good news on this periscope
nothing but good news and what goes good
what goes well what goes well with good
news
coffee coffee and good news hmm
let's have some good news coffee all
right so here's the setup the biggest
problem in the future given that a lot
of our other problems are solved is how
do you provide a decent life for all the
people who won't be able to make enough
money to buy the expensive things we
consider the necessities for life those
things would include you know housing
and food and healthcare etc so what do
you do when there are a lot of old
people a lot of people don't have the
skills for the modern age a lot of
people who just aren't gonna be able to
have a lot of money and there's nothing
that a Bernie Sanders a socialist
approach is gonna fix because even if
you took all the money from the rich
people still might not have enough so
Elon Musk is somewhat stealthily
combining assets to solve the biggest
problem right now I would have said the
biggest problem was North Korea until
recently but it looks like we might have
a solution there maybe the biggest
problem is climate change but as it
turns out Elon Musk you might solve that
to just sort of on the side without even
trying let me draw the you the full
picture
all right you know that Elon Musk owns
something called the boring company
which is a fantastic name for a device
which bores tunnels very efficiently
it's a gigantic boring truck sort of a
thing that literally just drives down
the tunnel and automatically creates
this great tow but it creates all this
dirt leftover because you don't need the
dirt in the tunnel what do you do with
the dirt well do you just move it around
turns out that today's news is that musk
is starting a brick company literally
making bricks and the stuff that they
take out of the tunnels now why is that
interesting well if you saw it in
isolation you'd say to yourself ah well
that's clever he's got a thing that
bores tunnels so why not make some
bricks out of it and if you stop there
you would not see the future so critics
say well that helps you a little to have
cheap bricks but the real cost is in the
land and the labour not for long because
the labor is going to be robots we
already have when I say we technologists
already have robots that can read plans
and assemble pieces right what would be
the easiest thing for a robot ever to
assemble bricks is it a coincidence that
the future is going to be robots
building houses at the same time that
Elon Musk is saying let's make some
cheap bricks so you got your cheap labor
you got your cheap bricks but it gets
better if you were going to build a
house your big cost is going to be land
right but you probably saw a story that
Bill Gates is looking at building sort
of an ideal futuristic town or city on a
green field where there's just no
there so there's nothing there but cheap
land so if you take this technology and
you go where the land is cheap
you've got cheap land you've got G
bricks
you've got cheap labor now the beauty of
this technology being able to bore a
tunnel easily is that tunnels are where
you can put your water delivery
utilities you might have some
transportation down there maybe the
transportations for people or bicycles
maybe it's for just package delivery but
if you've got nice tunnels you've got a
seriously good situation if there's
nothing in your way you can put the
tunnels wherever you want them so you've
got your transportation utilities truth
and everything else but you also might
be able to put gardens there because if
you put a light pipe if you ever heard
of that that word there there's
technologies that essentially mirrors
and glass that can pipe the Sun from
above to below and it's more than a
window there's some technology to really
spread the light so underground gardens
with no no pesticides needed because
it's indoors essentially your weather is
always perfect dish because you're not
outdoors do you what if you need some
extra dirt well you got dirt but it
might be hydroponic then let's say
you're off the grid because you're in
some godforsaken part of the world that
didn't have a town before and there was
a good reason because there was there
were no facilities no transportation or
whatever but those things were a lot
less important if you've got a Tesla
battery connected to your house and
solar palaver
you're practically off the grid and
we're not too far away from 5g superfast
speeds for cell phones and other devices
so if you're looking at fixing up let's
say
New York City none of this is useful
you're not going to use your boring
machine your robots your bricks to build
something in Manhattan but most of the
world is not Manhattan it's the Middle
East now look how big this is you know
suppose you could say to the Middle East
hey Palestinians I know you don't want
to make a deal but suppose we put you
first in line for you know inexpensive
housing that would be awesome how would
that be well so suddenly with this
package of stuff which isn't ready yet
but it's getting close
this package becomes something that can
bring peace the places that don't have
it it would transform lives transform
civilizations it creates jobs because
even though there are robots there's
gonna be a lot of new activity and a lot
of that will still require some people
so if you look at anything that musk is
doing in isolation it just looks like Al
that's sort of interesting he's got a
thing that bores the tunnel that's cool
I'm glad somebody did that hey he's got
a thing that makes bricks he is working
on some robot stuff he's got some
batteries it's only interesting when you
put it all together so this is probably
the future you have the ability to build
a build a build a place where there was
none and and make it right now what
happens if you're looking at some place
like Detroit
let's take Detroit for an example
there's a situation where you got to do
a lot of demolition I'll be talking more
about that in the coming months but
there may be places that are not
Manhattan where you could just take
advantage of the fact that the land
prices are already low and you could
just build awesome things that we've
never seen before they would take the
cost of living down to a trivial level
where people can have insanely good
lives now keep in mind that the stuff
doesn't make you happy
you know it's not that you've got walls
and a roof it's how you organize it to
to satisfy everything from the I'll save
Feng Shui even though what I'm talking
about is just how you feel right I don't
believe in Fung Shui exactly but I do
believe that different spaces make you
feel different ways and act in different
ways so you got to get that right which
most of our cities do not because most
of our cities were built piecemeal by
different people doing different things
if you started early and said all right
here are the rules of this town we're
gonna make sure that we have all the
things that people like here you could
build the most awesome place ever bomb
shelters what if the robots start
throwing the bricks all right so that's
that's the only thing I wanted to share
with you on this periscope that musk has
some interesting plans I don't know if
he's thinking of them all in one you
know as one solution to inexpensive
housing but he should and would be sort
of amazing if he if he weren't so I'm
assuming that he is vertical boring for
water wells well I think drilling
vertically we have technology for that
so you don't really need a boring
machine for that all right so that's the
news from technology and yeah some day
you'll fly all this to Mars and build
this stuff on Mars yeah you add
desalinization to this mix and suddenly
you've got you know additional places
that you can build
alright that's all for now
and I will talk to you all later