pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody
where are you Jonathan good to see you
where are the rest of you oh there you
are Sharona
good to see you Tyler Andrew if I don't
say your name it might be because your
screen name is weird and Caleb
good to see you grab your a cup your mug
your vessel your Stein your tankard your
container your service fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure of
the simultaneous imp if I seem sleepy
today it's because I'm sleepy today I
overslept so I'm just catching up with
things of course the big news is the
fire at Notre Dame or is it not row Dom
I don't know how to say that Notre Dame
or Nora Dom well whichever is correct it
was a horrible tragedy ripping out the
heart of the French and much of the
world it was really hard to watch I have
to say as fires go I didn't know that a
fire could have that much emotional
content but I've never really quite seen
anything like that
beyond fire before it was it was a
moment in which the entire world focused
for a little while and felt bad and
thought about the same thing
and we're for a while we're all on the
same page but of course like everything
it's got to have a political dimension
and are we surprised that people are
already asking the question who did it
now if you didn't see the clip of
Shepard Smith shutting down it was a
French politician he had on the air live
talking about the
the fire and when the French politicians
started to speculate about the causes of
the fire and he mentioned that there
were other other Church vandalization 'z
that happened recently so he was adding
some context that a number of other
churches have been vandalized recently
and Shepard Smith immediately shut him
down and entered the interview because
he didn't want to start speculating that
you know maybe it was some Islamic
terrorist act and I thought about that
and I thought to myself on one hand
those were just facts so the the French
politician was just adding facts it it
seems to me an important fact if a if
there's a church like fire and the
context is that there have been lots of
church evangelization recently it seems
like a relevant fact but at the same
time it's not it's not connected so I
think you know I thought about it all
night and I think I'm gonna agree with
Shepard Smith on this that it was
probably an act of for Shepard sparked
an act of character and principle and I
I think I appreciated it you know at the
time I thought to myself well wait a
minute this is information we should
have and you know I suppose we'll have
that information but just talking about
that context simply talking about noir
Shepard Smith for sure if Cavuto did it
also that was a separate might have been
separate but I have to appreciate that
point because simply talking about the
context makes it look like a story of
Islamic terrorism which would be a
horrible thing to put into the public's
mind with no factual basis as far as I
know there there's zero factual basis to
suggest that it was anything but an
accident
now you're saying of course no surprise
that you're already seeing on on the
social media there's a grainy little
video that seems to show somebody who
may or may not be wearing traditional
Islamic garb you know somewhere inside
the you know up upstairs and the in
Notre Dame and that you know and
everybody saying who is this you know
this means something well probably if I
had to guess without knowing anything
about that video if I had to guess it's
probably not even the same day it's
probably just completely out of context
so it would be a tragedy to make this
yet another reason for us to hate each
other at the same time reasonable people
want to know the full context but
unfortunately the context makes this
potentially seriously misleading so it's
one of these weird situations where you
don't want to put you don't want to put
context on it because actually putting
the proper context on the story in this
case is weird but in this case it might
make it misleading generally that's the
opposite usually you want to add context
to clarify in this case it's just a
weird situation that context would maybe
be misleading alright there's not much
to say about the fire that won't be said
a thousand times today so I don't want
to spend too much time on that let's
talk about some other stuff Michelle
Obama recently compared President Trump
to it's like going on the weekend to
visit with divorced dad she actually
said that
so Michelle Obama compared Trump as an
insult as an insult she called the
president like a divorced dad my god I
have you ever heard a worse insult to
men because I don't think any man gets
divorce because he wants to well there's
no man who says though my plan is to go
get divorced you know life happens
things happen divorces happen and half
of the people who get divorced or men
roughly speaking so for her to use as an
insult that it's like he's a man who got
divorced is a really deep insult I mean
that's a that's a nephew the insults
Michele a few yeah so let me just say it
hey Michele a few because that's a
direct insult to just Metin I mean
there's no other way that there's no
idea to characterize that it's sexist
and I personally find it insulting and
by the way I would not accept an apology
for that I don't think she'll offer one
but if she did offer an apology for it
insulting men I don't think I would take
it because the the insult was intended
as an insult
it wasn't something she said carelessly
it was a it was a considered statement
that men suck
and if they get divorced somehow that's
their fault I guess and that they suck
even worse because they got divorced I'm
trying to hold back because I want to
just completely unload on her right now
but you've got to be a pretty bad piece
of to say something like that in
public I mean that's that's low that's
really up alright sorry I
couldn't I couldn't I tried to not swear
because I I promise you I you know I'm
trying to do less of that but sometimes
you just have to and that's a messed up
thing to say really
alright what else is going on I put some
things in my title so you might have to
remember remind me because I can't see
the title of Williams podcast anymore
what else is going on Oh
cNN has once again used a deceptive edit
and
and once again CNN is spreading the fine
people myth and this time I guess it was
on Chris Cuomo show and he had a guest
whose name doesn't matter
I'm not even gonna mention the names of
people who spread this hoax because I
don't even want to give them attention
it I would hate to live in a world where
you actually thought the fine people
thing really happened
if you imagine it met what would that be
like to be in such a delusional State
then you believed you lived in the in a
country like right now that you lived in
the United States and to actually
believe that the president was a monster
you know who's like a racist monster
like an actual not trying to hide it
completely you know overt racist monster
she the the CNN guest appeared to me
sincerely like she believes she's living
in that reality when indeed we have
never been in as good a shape as we are
right now think about that the United
States has never been as good as it is
right now this is the best we've ever
been now and looks like it's getting
better and in some part of the country
thinks they're living in some kind of a
you know gulag hell so yeah somebody was
pointing out to Cher's comment which of
course made the news let's see if I can
find that
so cher came back I guess you didn't
like it that what if her tweets looked
like she was supporting the president's
immigration policies that's gone awry
well maybe it's over in Fox News I'm
sure it would be on Fox News they would
like that sort of thing oh no damn it
where is it cher cher cher I just
thought the other - airship era - cher
bless President Trump all right so the
the setup was that her prior tweet she
said I understand helping struggling
immigrants but my sunny Los Angeles
isn't taking care of its own what about
the 50,000 plus
American citizens who live on the
streets so in one tweet 21 hours ago or
longer share was saying that we should
take care of our own instead the
immigrants Trump cleverly retweets share
so Trump retweets it and says I finally
agree with Sher exclamation board which
of course she couldn't let that stand so
she has to follow up and she goes Sher
says I agree dot the Dems still don't
get that they're playing politics and
Trump's played and butcher your enemies
and create constant mayhem this is what
has Trump done lately that looks like
butchering your enemies and creating
mayhem well what what would fit into
that what the help category would that
be name something he did that would fit
into the category of butchering his
enemies giving them nicknames does
giving people funny nicknames now camera
as butchering your enemies and then she
goes on he's an ignorant thug with
lizard brain that guarantees his
survival above all else
if Dems are waiting for him to have an
epiphany good effing luck he has the
heart and soul of a skeleton or death or
something she says with an emoji and I'm
thinking to myself in what universe in
what reality is he acting like a thug
with a lizard brain with no soul
and he's butchering his enemies do any
of those words have any correspondence
with anything in your reality let's see
oh yeah he butchered his enemies with
prison reform he butchered his enemies
with good jobs he butchered his enemies
by literally reducing the military
presence of other countries
I'm unbelievable alright what else is
going on can somebody remind me what I
put in the title of my own periscope
because I said to myself I'll put these
things in the title and then I won't
have to remember them but I'm gonna have
to look up my own periscope oh yeah
so Nancy Pelosi refers to a OSI as a she
said that and a glass of water with a D
on it could have won the election in AR
C's district so and this is the second
time she's minimized AOC and her what
she called five people on that side that
was amazing areas not much to say about
that oh yeah I guess I covered
everything
how much don't screw around so once
again I'm gonna make the same yeah we
talked about divorce dad and and that so
I'm gonna make the same comment I made
for the last few days and I'm gonna see
how often this still works already
remember
so CNN of course the stated enemy the
enemy of the people
so of course their top page which
normally would be nothing but non-stop
anti-trump news the running Anna news
the president has taken all the news
away by doing such a good job that
there's nothing left to complain about
here's the only thing they had to
complain about it's about six headlines
down and it says Trump gives fire advice
see how French officials responded now
Trump also gives airplane branding
advice Trump gives advice to everybody
about everything and even Trump didn't
have anything else to tweet about you
may think about it our problems are so
well solved at the moment they even
Trump didn't have anything to tweet
about here and manage tweets
he tweeted about how to put out a fire
I'm gonna say I don't need to look at
that link cuz I don't care what he said
about the fire I don't care what they
said about what he said about the fire
it's all they got all right the rest is
of course about the fire and there's
literally oh I forgot the other story
so there's another piece of fake news
that's based on real news and the real
news is terrible out of context when you
put it in context it's still terrible
but it's a completely different story
it's a story about the surviving parent
and so there were a couple one of them
died in Afghanistan
the other was not a legal citizen and
they had a child so the the one who died
in Afghanistan is gone the surviving the
surviving spouse was asked to appear at
court for something did not appear in
court on the day because it was some
mix-up with the addresses or whatever
and ice deported that person and then
once they figured out what was going on
they under ported that person and now
the person's back so people are blaming
the president for deporting this person
because the president is a monster now
do you really think that the president
was involved in that decision how dumb
do you have to be to think that the
president was let's deport the surviving
spouse of a veteran does anybody really
think the president was somehow involved
in that decision secondly the moment I
saw it I said to myself I'm gonna wait
because you know this isn't what what's
being reported I just said to myself I'm
not even gonna talk about this dumbass
story because you know this story is not
the way it's being reported and sure
enough there was something bad that
happened and we should not be happy
about it
somebody was deported that most of us
think should not have been deported as
soon as I spit out what they had done
and what the problem was they fixed it
now probably there are situations in
which they
and they do make mistakes but let's
let's be honest about the fact that we
live in the country where ice exists you
want them to exist in some form because
you can't have open borders so you need
some kind of border enforcement and
there's no such thing as that much
border enforcement without some mistakes
now I've said this before but I think
the way you should judge any
organization or any person is not by the
mistakes they make because we all make
mistakes
if we judge people by our mistakes we
would just all hate each other because
we all make mistakes so it's a terrible
way to judge people here's a better way
judge people by how they respond or
correct their mistakes because if if you
say I'll always like people who don't
make mistakes
well you're gonna live a very lonely
life how about we say everybody makes
mistakes
we wish you wouldn't but now what are
you gonna do about it
ice made a mistake they fixed it the
only way they could they couldn't do
they couldn't do more than fix it
because they couldn't travel back in
time to me that's as good as any
organization can do make your mistake
own it fix it move on that's the best we
can do so I'm ok with ice on that one a
go anyway not a general statement you
may have seen that I tweeted today that
today is a special day for me I'm not
sure how many people know that but it's
the today's the 30th anniversary of the
first Dilbert published comic today is
my 30th anniversary Alexa what is 365
times 30 10950 comics that's how many
you have to draw if you do a comic a day
for 30 years but I've done more than
that because I've also done books with
original comics etc so I have probably
drawn somewhere
neighborhood of I would say 11,500
comics 11,500 comic strips and so many
I've drawn and written so today's that
day my by publishing in syndication
company they asked me you know if we
wanted to publish that publicize this
and make it a big deal
and I do me word I I said let's not make
this a big deal I like sharing it with
all of you because we have a
relationship a periscope relationship
and sometimes more than that and so I
like sharing it with you because it's a
it's a personal accomplishment I don't
love anniversaries as a public event you
know it it's not meaningful to the
public at large
and so I'm not a big fan of
anniversaries but it's a milestone and
thank you for sharing it with me
does it get easier or harder it's a good
question it gets easier in terms of
technique so the actual execution of
this trip is all easier but it is harder
in terms of I'm more likely to wake up
wishing I didn't have to do a comment
today you know in the first 20 years I
was happy to get up and draw comic but
that's a lot of comic drawing I wouldn't
mind doing something else
I don't know what it would be like if I
if I didn't have that in my life it's
such an organizing principle for my you
know half of my life so I've been
drawing Dilbert for half of my life do
all right thank you thank you thank you
is there anything else going on you want
to talk about given that we have
let's talk about Bernie Sanders so
Bernie Sanders does his Town Hall and I
was very disappointed in Fox News
because when they talked about climate
change I don't remember if I think I
think birdie said we should phase out
nuclear we should phase out nuclear
toward green stuff but here's the thing
neither Bernie nor the house was it
Brett who was it prepare and martha
maccallum what they needed to do and
this should be sort of a sort of advice
for anybody who's talking to the
candidates from this point on if you
have a conversation with the
presidential candidate for president and
you do not ask them what do you think of
generation for nuclear and you let that
candidate answer a question as if the
nuclear power option is the old nuclear
power that we already have that's
problematic and even most of us would
like to phase out you have just for
danger reasons if you let them answer
the nuclear or even the climate question
without directly saying but what do you
think of the new technology that doesn't
have the meltdown risk and can use waste
from other nuclear plants as its fuel
what do you think of that if you don't
ask that specific question and make sure
that you've carved out that generation
four is not your Grandpa's nuclear
technology you haven't asked the
question so I'm going to say that Fox
News they failed on that point you know
they're they're hosting duties they
failed hard not only did they fail I you
know I hate to criticize the the hosts
of anything but keep in mind if climate
change is the risk that we think the
risks of the scientists think that's one
of the biggest errors the civilization
could ever make which is not to inform
the public and not to ask our candidates
are they doing about it when there's
only one solution that we know of all
right that is a big big problem it's a
gigantic problem here's another question
that the host should ask not just Fox
News hosts but anybody was talking to a
presidential candidate they should say
do you believe that the president called
the racist as Charlotte still find
people and they should they should
plinth them then if they say yes I
believe that then they should say here's
his actual quote I'm not talking about
the neo-nazis and the white supremacists
they should be condemned totally and
then you say to them is that unclear to
you condemned totally how do you
interpret condemned totally does that
seem like there's some wiggle room in
there I think that every you know town
hall every interviewer should ask those
two questions the most important two
questions for every candidate or how do
you feel about generation four nuclear
and do you believe that this is an
unclear statement about racism it's two
biggest problems right there all right
yeah
Oh somebody says they're seeing people
start to wake from their TDS what's a
linguistic ill shout for Buddha gg
Buddha judge I'm not going to tell you
the linguistic kill shot for mayor Pete
because I don't think you need one when
you here's the problem in your mind when
you say to yourself my god he's a tough
matchup cuz you say to yourself all
right mayor Pete you can speak all these
languages he went to Harvard he's an
intellectual you know he's so smart
how can president Trump compete against
this guy who is so smart and clever
he's good to his words and you know he's
got a great education but he's sort of
an intellectual how do you compete with
that let me tell you how nobody likes
that if you put President Trump on
a debate stage with Mayor Pete
Mayer Peter's gonna have lots of little
intellectual zingers zing did you see
how that I made that play on words zing
gotcha how about this play on words whoa
whoa you didn't see that play on words
covered ha ha ha
zing zing zing I got you with my little
word word repartee wha wha hey
president Trump I know a fact you don't
know ha I know fact you don't know a
fact uh I'm intellectual I'm
intellectual and then president Trump
gets up there and says I loved 25
missiles into Syria
just for fun he didn't actually do that
but consider the you know the two images
side by side and by the way mayor Pete
is awesome I don't mean to I don't mean
to insult him
he's a smart serious guy veteran he's
got a lot going on I mean he's got a
nice package of talents and it is not an
accident that he's doing well
so no insult to him at all but the the
matchup is gonna look like
power and maturity the president power
and maturity about and it's going to
look like it's word stuff so you're
gonna see mayor Pete having all the best
words he's gonna have vocabulary he's
gonna have cleverness it's gonna tie
together he's gonna have little sayings
that you wish you said he's gonna have a
twist of a word that you're gonna say
wow that was clever that was a clever
little thing you did there Pete
and he might wow this with his
cleverness but he's going to be he's
gonna be up against the force of nature
if you have a choice
because we're all sort of lizard brains
as as shiera was nice enough to say
we're all we're all a little basic as
human beings and we when you imagine you
know the the the people coming at you
you know you imagine that you're in a
world full of people who would do you
harm
the stronger character has a gigantic
advantage especially if he's coming off
the best first term anybody ever came
off of so the president's match up with
mayor Pete you don't want you don't want
to don't discount the fact that the
president would be bringing power and
Pete mayor Pete would be bringing
cleverness so let me summarize it this
way if you put them both on stage you've
got power and then you've got cleverness
power wins power wins if you're running
for president especially if you have a
president you know it might have been a
different situation could have been a
different situation if neither them had
already been president but coming off a
hugely successful first term cleverness
doesn't buy you anything what it was it
that Mayor Pete's gonna do that we need
or hasn't isn't already working and
what's he gonna do somebody said the
yang has a nuclear nuclear power plan
that would be interesting he would be
worth a second look if he has that all
right I'm going to call it now and I
will talk to you later