but it boom bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum bum bum bum bum hey everybody come
on in here today I'm gonna talk a little
bit about this book some of you just got
excited some of you are saying what the
hell book is that what are you talking
about well this is my book from 2001
called God's debris it's relevant to the
move of the embassy to Jerusalem of all
things now if you've never heard of this
book what you should know about it is
it's a it's a thought experiment that
covers a number of topics I don't want
to give away the essential plots because
the fun of the book is discovering what
it's about as you read it but there's a
part of this book that is very relevant
to the Jerusalem conversation are you
ready
so you've got the the big problem about
Israel and Hamas and the Palestinians is
that they both think they should be on
the same land because God wanted them to
be there so Hamas and the Palestinians
believe that God says they should own
you know Israel's land and Israel
believes that God has told them that
they should be there yes sir let's take
this to the next level of detail let's
say your God so for a moment imagine
that you are God and you've decided to
grant some land to one one set of people
could be the elbow nians so let's take
the Middle East out of it and you've
decided to grant some land some holy
land to the elbonian people what does
that mean exactly if you're God because
what is real estate exact
so real estate is sort of location
that's part of it it's where is it
located and then it's what's there the
actual dirt and the material that makes
up the land that's all it is it's it's a
location and a set of material but
here's the catch can you ever give
anybody a location because the planet is
moving when you are a primitive human
thousands of years ago you probably
thought there was something called a
location and that if you went and you
stood there you were in one place the
stayed in one place but now we know
that's not the case you're on a planet
in the universe in a galaxy and you're
not there anymore
so wherever that location was that God
said here's your location that location
is pretty far back in empty space right
now so you can't say it's about the
location right so that would not so
location would not be a way to define a
Holy Land
because the locations back in space it's
changed all the all the things that
determine a location which is their
relationship to other things the
universe is in a completely different
position so there's no such thing as a
location but what about this stuff
well thousands of years ago the only
stuff that was there was some huts I
know what what the hell did they live in
2,000 years ago
was it a hut but let's say that those
things have all turned to rot and that
you've got some you know some holy
places that are built into materials
you've got some dirt etc is the dirt of
Israel holy because the location isn't
relevant as I said that locations change
since God gifted it to whoever he gifted
it to but the dirt is still there
and I don't think anybody is saying I
don't
Hamas is saying we should own that
modern office building that you built in
Israel five years ago that nobody is
saying that God gave them the modern
office building the Israel built they're
talking about the land so suppose you
scraped off 10 feet of topsoil from the
Land of Israel
I'm not saying that's practical but just
a mental experiment and let's say you
put it in trucks and you moved it
somewhere where would the holy land be
then would the holy land be where you
moved all the dirt that had been Israel
or would the holy land be the place
where somebody has a deed and it says
you know here's my land but now it's
just a big hole in the ground here's the
point this whole idea of a location is
when people are thinking like humans if
God made a decision about who owns what
God was thinking like God and we can't
really think like God but if we don't
know if God was talking about that dirt
or he was talking about the location
which of course has changed because that
location is somewhere back in empty
space
if you can't really determine what God
had in mind should you die for it so I
think that there's there's an
interesting question about what makes
that real-estate the Holy Land because
that's what they're fighting about and
it's largely a mental problem that is
disguised as a real estate and defense
problem because both sides believe that
they have land that God granted them but
God doesn't think a real estate the way
humans do I don't know how God would
think of real estate but I've got a
feeling that whatever God hypothetically
had in mind there it's not something we
could fathom and it certainly isn't
something you could put a fence around
so I think if people elevate to a higher
level of thinking in which they realized
that
whatever God thought was the Holy Land
may have more to do with thinking like
God now let's take this to the next
level if you were thinking like God what
would you define as the Holy Land
I would certainly define it as something
that everybody can visit so at the at
the minimum everybody should have access
to those holy locations and you know the
holy artifacts but I think they could
work that out that doesn't seem like the
biggest problem so to me it seems that
there is a mental problem disguised as a
real estate and money problem and a
defense problem now I'm not saying that
that gives you any way to solve that
problem I'm just putting it in context
that we're not talking about a physical
problem we're talking about a a way
people are thinking of things which is
causing them to imagine it's a physical
problem and in it then it becomes a
physical problem so I'm interested to
know why we have not seen any details
about Jared Kushner's peace proposal
that he's putting together and until we
see it it's hard to say too much about
whether it be a good or bad idea
but it does seem to me that there's a
there's a way out that there there is an
off-ramp if people want to take it and
the off-ramp would be to think of real
estate the way God would and not the way
people do if you think that God you know
is looking at Zillow you know it's God
picking up a Zillow app and saying all
right well dudes do you see there's a
boundary around here like there this is
this is the legal boundary around the
holy land God isn't doing that in fact
in fact God probably isn't really too
caught up on location I would think God
isn't too concerned about
top soil so whatever it is that God is
thinking about real estate can't be what
humans are thinking you know you got it
you got to think those are different
concepts so you've got humans fighting
over their own interpretation of holy
lance why for example do you think that
God would be angered if the the
definition of the Holy Lands was simply
expanded so and so instead of saying so
when God said you know this this place
over here is the Holy Land did he say
just this much as the Holy Land was God
that specific did he say Holy Land is
only this much as soon as you get out of
this little ring you are no longer in
the Holy Land
you're in the unholy land soon as soon
as your foot goes over that line you're
totally in the unholy land did God have
boundary markers and fences now I don't
think so now I I'm no religious scholar
but I believe Oh somebody's saying that
the Torah spells out the boundary
perfectly well I'd love to look into
that but my guess is that nobody would
have a problem with expanding the size
of the holy lands would you well why
don't we just expand the size of the
Holy Lands what would that take well it
would probably take some religious
scholars to say look God is not small
you know God God is not a real estate
broker why isn't it all holy why can't
we say you know the Palestinian
properties that they're currently
residing on why can't they be holy - why
don't we just wholly fight about that
whole thing all right I see that when I
talk like this people don't like it
there's a lot of mental resistance to
you know this kind of conversation
by the way that that's a very tiny part
of what's in this book I wrote back in
2001
God's debris I won't tell you how that
book turns out don't want to ruin it for
you
yeah earth is the only land yep
God says don't change his words well
let's see how and by the way if anybody
could 'forward me in English translation
of where the Torah or whatever the other
two the Palestinians have a similar kind
of document that spells out what the
holy lands are does it work both ways do
both sides have a specific geography
that they think God gave them and do
they are they completely the same you
know is the Palestinian idea of the
exact borders of the Holy Land that that
they are entitled to does it overlap
exactly because I doubt it does right
there might be some places that are more
controversial than others look in my
computer that's a heck of an idea maybe
I should look in my computer for things
but I know in advance there are some
types of things that when I try to
google them they never come up I'll tell
you the least productive argument and
it's one that I just saw go by there are
people who are saying here here's here's
the worst way to think about it and it's
the popular way the worst way to think
about it is who is there first and who
cooked who kicked somebody out and is
there a is there something called the
Palestinian people is there a land
called Palestine all of those questions
are unproductive and bad thinking
because they those are the questions
that get you to exactly where you are so
if the old way you've heard this before
right if the old way of thinking got us
where we are it's not going to get us
out of where we are it's got us where we
are so if you're saying any
the old thinking there is no Palestinian
you know there's no definition of
Palestinians there's no Palestine land
or if you say God gave this land to
these people or if he's any of those
things that are part of the existing
thinking that's got us to where we are
so if you're happy with that
that's fine now I've said before that
Israel doesn't really have an incentive
for peace because they're in a strong
position and mostly it's I hate to say
it but it's not the Israelis who are
dying lately so from their perspective
they're kind of in a good negotiating
position because they're in the strong
position but a rant kind of changes the
equation a little bit if Iran is trying
to get aggressive and create a situation
where at some point they can threaten
Israel in a more direct way then Israel
does have a big mortal danger that they
need to worry about and that gives you
something to negotiate with so it turns
out that Iran might be the key to
solving everything in the Middle East
because Israel wouldn't need to
negotiate anything if Iran were not
making big moves that that are both
supporting Hamas and Hezbollah but also
putting assets in Syria that recently
got bombed so if you take a ran out of
the deal Israel doesn't need to make any
peace all they have to do is keep
shooting people who try to come across
the border and they're fine but they do
need to make peace because the the
larger issues of the region are going to
force that upon them and so I think
there's a way to go but it won't be with
the old thinking I'd love to see
Jarrod's peace proposal but I think the
key will be remember the key to any
negotiation is you need a way where
everybody wins
so the the people who are dying by the
dozens even today unfortunately
apparently the
moving the embassy to Jerusalem is cause
a lot of protests and there have been
dozens of deaths just in the last 24
hours I understand so it's it's getting
very ugly there so let's let's see
Jared's plan and let's see if there's a
thing we can we can suggest adding to it
or tweaking to make it palatable for
everyone else but can you imagine for
example that the the literal dirt from
the head the holy lands could be
bulldozed out from let's say some part
of Israel that they don't need the dirt
you know and just moved somewhere and
actually and actually redistributed you
know imagine if every if every
Palestinian had just this is just a
mental exercise I'm not suggesting this
is serious but imagine if you actually
owned some of the Holy Land you know you
had a bucket of it and you had your own
house but it was you know on the edges
of the Holy Land does God care that much
we'll find out
Hamas will they accept peace well you
know the thing that we never know about
let's say Hamas and the Palestinians in
general we don't know what is the
opinion of their leaders versus what is
the opinion of the people because there
could be some difference there
Hamas what's the Jews dead that's true
because of their current situation but
it is not true that all that all Muslims
want all Jews dead so there's certainly
some place that there's certainly a
place we could end up where nobody wants
anybody dead distribu boring company
bricks from Israel oh my god that's a
good idea
did you hear that I I think I just saw
one of the best ideas of all time just
go by so let me repeat it so Elon Musk
has this company of side company that
bores tunnels it's called the boring
company b EO r ing because that's funny
but it's also a great name for a company
he has announced that that boring
company when it built when it bores its
tunnels will create a lot of dirt that
it doesn't need and it will learn to
turn those into bricks
imagine if since Israel is probably I
assume continually building that you can
actually be producing holy bricks and
you could actually use those only bricks
to build up Hamas you know in their own
territory so you can actually take your
house you can actually be living inside
Holy Land your walls could actually be
Israel and that's a really good idea you
know it's one of those ideas that if you
if you just sort of started from zero
and said hey Hamas we got this great
idea forget everything you've been doing
and you know kill Israel and everything
else but we've got these great bricks
for you like the first time you hear the
idea you go you know get the out of
here right this is the worst idea I've
ever heard you know breaks no we don't
want bricks we want you all dead we want
to take over Israel so that would be the
first impression but if you aren't
eventually going to get to
some kind of a result everybody has to
get flexible there's no way around that
and if I said to you let me let me game
this out a little bit I love this idea
I'm not convinced this is a solution
right so we're gonna talk about this for
fun and for those of you who are new to
my my periscopes you know that we
sometimes talk about ideas that are not
quite practical sort of the bad version
of an idea because it might inspire you
to think of a better version just
through the creative process so this is
not a good idea this is just the start
of our thinking maybe somebody has a
better one suppose you said not to the
leadership of Hamas all right so now
we're talking to just an ordinary
Palestinian yeah it's an ordinary
Palestinian who under ordinary
situations would support their
leadership and they to wish Israel
didn't exist and wish they could you
know return and they wish the number of
things but suppose you went to that
individual Palestinian and said here's
the deal you don't have a house we're
gonna build you a house we're gonna use
Saudi money we're you know we're gonna
use money from somewhere and this will
be sort of our reparations kind of
situation we're gonna use bricks that
actually come from the Holy Land from
this boring company kicking him up and
those bricks we will give you for free
and we'll help you build your house when
you're done you're gonna have a house
and you're gonna be living in the
frickin Holy Land inside your own house
all right is that better is that better
or worse than renting in Israel those
are your choices if you're a Palestinian
you're not leadership you just care
about your family right you're you're
not so big about destroy Israel but you
know it's part of it's part of the party
you belong to so you're buying into it
but you're more concerned with your
family you're more concerned about
living alright if you got that deal a
free house
bricks that literally came from the Holy
Land so you can live inside God's own
holy house your own house and it's a
free house and it's the end of conflict
between Israel and the Palestinians
would you take the deal all right
put yourself in that position you're a
Palestinian and you get a free house and
it is literally made in a bricks from
the Holy Land do you take it so you're
saying that they would not take the free
house I think that the leadership would
resist because they'd say hi stop giving
us bricks when we need a homeland and
you know God would not be happy with
that so the leadership would certainly
resist but if you're just a person who
wants to get by you're just an ordinary
Palestinian you just care about your
family and living and you know
worshipping your God I think you take
the free house may that of the Holy Land
that's my feeling and I think that if
you were to build entire settlements and
of Holy Land bricks I don't know that
looks a lot like the Holy Land to me
because the location again remember the
location has changed because the planet
has moved since God gifted the land if
you move this stuff that was there the
bricks over to some Palestinian property
and and then that property all becomes
brick homes that becomes sort of the
Holy Land extended and so somebody says
that's a terrible idea and a terrible
argument I accept those criticisms I
remember we're just brainstorming here
but it would be more helpful if you gave
me reasons and so I've given you a
challenge to find me a Palestinian who
would not take that deal if they're not
terribly political right if you find me
a Palestinian who's sort of marching
the frontlines and risking their life to
destroy Israel well that person won't
take this offer but I suspect that the
number of people who are Palestinians
minding their own business is far bigger
than the number who are actually risking
their lives to you know to take over
Israel they want their own land well
they would in this in this model they
would own the land that the the bricks
are on top of so they would essentially
they would be enclosed in the Holy Land
the bricks the salads won't pay you to
help that she is yeah things are
complicated over there but it does seem
to me that the everybody over there has
an interest in a solution because it's a
solution that will help them do
everything fight you know fight the bad
guys etc it's about votes not land
solving the wrong root cause well
doesn't that depend on whether it's a
two-state or one stage solution all
right for the people who say it's a bad
idea please give your reasons because
I'm not arguing that it's a good idea
but I'd love to see your reasons and I
haven't seen any reasons goodbye to you
wouldn't somebody said wouldn't God be
proud of us for finding a peaceful
solution see now that's a productive
reframing of the situation can God
really be happy with this situation I
don't think he can would God be happy if
everybody found a peaceful way to live
together that's sounds pretty much like
a god thing to me I'm no religious
expert so the reason is that
Palestinians are what was that last word
ideological yes
so Palestinians are ideological that's
why it's a good idea not
it's a bad idea because it's an idea
which which addresses the ideological
part and the ideology is that there's
something called the Holy Land and it's
made up of location and stuff that's all
it is so if the locations are relevant
because the planet moved and the stuff
is actually what is made to create your
house I would think you'd be closer to
God not further from God if you're
literally wrapped wrapped in holy dirt
Palestinians will never compromise let
me let me put this to you Donald Trump
will never become the president of the
United States North Korea will never
give up their nuclear weapons
Palestinians will never agree to a peace
deal we're no longer in a time in place
where where impossible things don't
happen we are literally in a time when
the impossible seems to be happening on
a regular basis do you know that there's
a Tesla automobile in space right
everything everything that we thought we
knew about what is possible just doesn't
apply anymore and and some of this was
that it was always mental and we've
discovered that our big problems are
mental problems give me a Palestinian
who isn't a political activist an
ordinary Palestinian who does believe in
all the things that the leadership
believes but they're not they're not
really a you know on the front lines
give me that ordinary Palestinian and
tell me they don't take a free house
maiden of holy holy dirt and an end
the conflict I don't believe that person
is common anyway certainly some exist
but I don't think it's common planet
move argument doesn't hold water the
relative positions yes
so of course real estate on earth is
based on relative positions to other
things on earth but my point is that if
your god do you care about only the
things a little bit let me let me let me
give you I think this is a fair analogy
you know analogies don't are not
persuasive but sometimes they can
introduce you to a new way of thinking
all right so that's how I'm using it
this is not a persuasive analogy I'm
just introducing you to a new way of
thinking when I put on my clothes and
then I walk outside have I changed my
location go here's your thought
experiment if I put on clothes inside my
house and then I walk down the street
have I changed my location no I haven't
changed my location it's a trick
question you know I'm I located hasn't
changed because my Bobby relative to my
clothes has not changed I put on my
clothes in the house and I walk down the
street but my location of my body to my
shirt is exactly the same location to my
shoes exactly the same so I'm in the
same place oh I'm not you say so it's
not about my relative location to other
objects so it's really about my relative
location to my house for example because
I got dressed at my house so let's say I
put my house on one of those big tractor
trailers cut it in half and move it to a
new location the house moved that you
know it's getting complicated now right
because those of you who are saying
well according to the traditional rules
of real estate this fence yet marks my
territory
because it is northeast of this property
which is defined by its location to
other properties so it's as big you know
chain of everything is where it is
because of its relationship to something
else somebody says it's deeper than
physical Scot of course and that is my
entire point that the physical we can
rise above right if we're talking if
we're arguing about dirt and real estate
then we're at too low a level let's take
it up a level let's take it up to God
level at from a god point of view our
little human concepts of real estate or
ridiculous I'm just saying take it up to
God level I'm not saying anybody gives
up anything I'm saying take it an of
dumb idiot views of what real estate is
and means and location and dirt
these are human just human stuff and we
can't make any kind of decision in this
human in the weeds take it up a level
think about location and holy places
from morva if you can more of a God view
and I'm pretty sure that God would be
happy with a solution more than God
would be happy with looking at year well
it looks like the boundaries of my holy
lands have now changed hands again just
like I hoped that doesn't feel like a
God view to me we are not God that is
correct
and therefore our interpretations of
what God meant by holy lands and real
estate has to be suspect and it's
something that we could maybe improve on
wouldn't God have intended his
definition of realist of the holy lands
to be in human terms well if he did I
don't I don't know that he meant for us
to be in war over it do you think that
God said hey you know a good situation
would be to let these humans not
understand what I meant by the holy
lands and just so they'll fight over it
was that a god point of view doesn't
sound like it
so if humans could solve God's puzzle
let me put it to you another way it is
as if I'm no religious scholar but work
with me here it seems as if there's a
reason that God if we assume there is a
God there seems a reason that he didn't
solve all our problems from the start
because you know the the atheists will
say to you well why wouldn't God just
solve all our problems and take away our
pain and give us no problems it seems as
though our problems are here for us to
work through to get closer to God so the
better you are at solving your little
human problems of working with each
other anyway loving each other the
closer you get to God so the people on
the Palestinian side the people on the
Israeli side they are currently doing
what God does not want them to do which
is kill each other no God wanted that
what God wants this rust unlock the
puzzle to figure out how to solve it
without violating what God wants and
just changing what people do and what
people do is we have this weird concept
of real estate and this dirt is the holy
land we can get into that if we want you
know you give me some of those holy
blick bricks from the Holy Land and I'm
gonna feel like I'm closer to God
you know if I'm surrounded by you know
the land that you believe he blessed we
can think our way out of this and God is
not going to be unhappy err
consummate assuming a God exists all
right
and somebody said what if you die and
find out that God just likes a good
fight yeah yeah rule it out I wonder
what would happen if there was a peace
plan on the table in which ordinary
Palestinians were polled and said all
right here's the deal this is why it's
good for you what do you say I'd love to
know what the the actual people think as
opposed to the leadership knowing the
history of the temples and the previous
civilization is helpful scud yeah
certainly whatever whatever solution you
have has to give everybody access to the
holy sites but I think everybody agrees
on that I don't think there's anybody on
either side who doesn't buy into the
notion that you know people should be
able to visit well there's always
somebody who disagrees with everything
but generally speaking having access to
holy sites is that's gonna be the thing
that's easiest I think all right
comments disappeared there there are
they're back again then you are
misinformed well I do understand that
you know I do understand that you know
either side the extremists would say my
god you can't have you know you can't
have a Muslim in this room or you can't
have a Jew in this room because God will
be offended or something what I'm saying
is that those are not the big problems
those are the ones you can work you can
work with that stuff that won't stop us
all right so let's do now this will be
interesting to you so I've seen a number
of comments goodbye that say this is the
dumbest idea in Scott you don't know
what you're talking about and that is
true I do not know what I'm talking
about when it comes to the Middle East I
think we're all I'm sort of this
learning process and we're getting
smarter as when we go I hope but give me
your opinion was this I don't know if
you useful is the right word but when
did you enjoy this this way of thinking
or not so give me just give me your
feedback right now because I don't know
if I want to do more of these all right
so I'm just looking at your comments now
so it's no surprise that the comments
are very bifurcated so you're getting
some hard nosed and some very hard yeses
that by the way you would not be
surprised is exactly the reviews you'll
see it on Amazon for this book if you
look at the reviews you'll see you'll
see some of the worst reviews for a book
you've ever seen in your life
I'm lay almost humorously bad there are
people who bought this book read it
cover-to-cover
and then returned it to the store for a
refund because they were so angry but
you know that most of the reviews are
five-star and the five-star reviews
quite often say it's the best book
they've ever read the best book they've
ever read all right so that's what this
book does to you it's gonna make you
hate it really hard or it's gonna make
your head spin in his skull so you've
got two choices there alright um you do
not know what you're talking about read
the Bible those of you who say I don't
know what I'm talking about read the
Bible you're right I would argue that
there's nobody who really understands
the Middle East so I'm putting out ideas
looking for comments and seeing if we
can sort of build our collective
understanding of what's going on over
there - just just a little bit higher
level I do not I will not ever profess
anything like a good understanding of
the Middle East nor do I believe anybody
else when they say they have one so you
know it's all relative
but nobody quite knows what's going on
over there in detail all right I think
that's enough for today and I'm going to
run off and do something else and I will
talk to you tomorrow
all right bye