pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom boom hey
everybody
where is everybody
it's about time yeah it's time for the
evening periscope and I don't know for
sure but I have a feeling this will be
among the best of all time now you've
heard me say that before I think this
will be the best periscope of all time
but it's been true every time so far but
why wouldn't it be true this time right
right so some interesting things have
happened let us talk about them one of
the most fun little stories is do you
remember the beam that was going around
there was a Joe Biden meme and it looked
a little too funny to be true because
the saying that it was his brain no his
heart and and his heart was shining
forth and it was you know Joe Biden for
president and people forwarded that
around and tweeted it and said some
version of I can't believe how bad he is
at this because it's like he's calling
himself stupid in his own that and I
said I don't think that's a real ad so
it turns out it was not a real that and
the the clever person who made it has
made other similarly clever moves and
his name is let's see Brad Tramel so on
Instagram he goes by BR ADT ro e mal
Allah you can play that back later if
you didn't get it and he was really
funny on camera when he described it
what he did and his method is one to be
noted so note the method I will describe
it but if you wanted to see it and in
his words he picked something that could
only be believed because things are
already ridiculous so the idea that
there
that is even possible that the Biden
campaign might have produced an ad that
de-emphasized his brain intentionally so
no his brain and no and emphasize his
heart and you say to yourself well that
can't be that can't be an insult ad
because if it were an insult they say he
didn't have a brain that he didn't have
a heart there wouldn't be anything
positive in it so so your brain says
okay if it couldn't be done by the other
side because clearly they wouldn't put
any positive in it well it must have
been done by either somebody on his side
or Biden now of course that's how the
trick works because because by making it
a little bit ambiguous about whether
they even intend it to be positive or
it's a joke your brain has to stay there
or to work at it for a while you're like
I can't let this go I'm gonna have to
think about this for a minute and then I
guess in your head and then all you're
thinking is is is Biden really so dumb
that he would do an ad saying he's dumb
and if somebody else did it did he
approve it and of course none of those
are true it was just a very clever
creator I don't want to say troll
because he's so good at it that feels
like diminishing a very good artistic
work and apparently he's done other
similar things so I've told you before
that the essence of a good prank is that
the the the subject of the prank the
person you're pranking is the only one
who can't tell it's obviously not true
so what was funny about the buy dad is
that when I sawed I was not the subject
of the prank I don't think I think he
was pranking Democrats so when I saw it
I'm not I'm not the subject of it I
thought it doesn't look true to me but
because the Democrats and this was the
creator's theory and and I buy into this
completely because the Democrats were
sort of spring-loaded to think you know
I don't think we're electing Biden
because of his
brain exactly because that wouldn't
really make sense but he's nicer than
Trump so it makes sense that we'd hired
I guess we're voting for his heart not
his brain so only the Democrats could
have believed it which is what being a
genius
anyway I keep watching CNN create news
and of their own ignorant which is the
weirdest thing you would not think that
you could weaponize and not weaponize
well they do weaponize it
but you would not think you could build
a business model and if not
understanding things but they managed to
do it and I know you think that's an
exaggeration right what I say they're
building a business model around their
own ignorance you think that that's
probably an exaggeration right that's
what you're thinking let me give you the
I'll give you the example and you tell
me if I'm exaggerating so they of course
have had lots of content
mocking President Trump for having yeah
early on not so much anymore promoted
the the idea of at least trying the
hydroxychloroquine presumably in
combination with azithromycin and zinc
even though as he stated often it had
not gone through the right approvals to
know for sure if it was effective and
also safe in all the ways we'd like it
to be so the president never never hid
the fact that it was a risk management
decision and by a risk management
decision I mean it was not a purely
medical decision let me give you a
thought experiment let's say the
president had promoted these on these
drugs that were well tested for other
for other purposes and had been used for
decades and didn't seem to be causing
any special problems with the other
people have been using them for decades
so suppose that was all the president
knew and he also knew this that all the
doctors were taking it because it's true
so if the people who are
doctors are taking it for themselves and
are also giving it to you know their
family etc it's obvious that medical
professionals who are familiar with the
drug almost solid and I've prescribed it
for other purposes like arthritis if the
medical professionals are thinking yeah
this is a risk I am personally willing
to take and in many cases are family and
friends so the president of course was
looking at it as a risk management
decision exactly like the doctors no
different he was looking at it in
exactly the way the medical
professionals who had to make that
decision for themselves and their
families he was he was following their
lead
he wasn't leading on an unproven drug he
was following the lead of pretty much
every medical professional who had to
make the decision because when it was
their own body they were given
themselves the drug and that's the truth
yeah you can check out that but every
source seems to be consistent about that
but here's the thought experiment let's
say the president had promoted this drug
and the doctors had to and they had
taken it and then suddenly a thousand
people died of some kind of complication
that nobody saw coming and let's say it
was a complication that is unique to
coronavirus patients so so we couldn't
have seen it before it didn't show up
when it was being tested for malaria
didn't show up when the same drug was
used for arthritis it just only showed
up in this one case and let's just say
kill the thousand people thousand people
a thousand people in one week let's say
it killed a thousand people in one week
because the president pushed a drug that
wasn't tested and it turned out to be
bad here's the thought experiment wasn't
a mistake was it was it a mistake to try
something that had a certain quality
which is that if it worked it could have
solved everything it could
it could have prevented the closing of
the economy if it worked now at my best
guess right now is that it doesn't work
well enough to make that kind of a
difference but at the time he was
talking about it
even medical professionals were saying
you know we don't have hard data we
don't have the kind of tests we need you
know it would be better to have that
certainly would be safer everybody
prefers that you have a solid test we
don't have that but but I'd try it so I
would argue that people who understand
risk management know that in their
thought experiment if if a thousand
people had died because the president
recommended it it would still be
unambiguously the right thing to do do
you see that even if it even if it
turned out completely wrong
if if a thousand people drop dead who
didn't need to die and it didn't help
anybody
just nobody was helped was it a mistake
it was not that would have been the best
smartest most adult responsible
leadership decisions he decided to you
know maybe think about swinging for the
fence and what were the odds that you
would have a thousand people die given
that the doctors were taking it
themselves and had such a long history
now you say to yourself Scott Scott
Scott do you read the news because the
news already says that they had they had
to stop one of the trials I think it was
chloroquine or maybe just
hydroxychloroquine I forget the details
but what one of the trials was actually
stopped because people were strokin and
so there you have it you don't have to
wonder Scott we have the evidence they
had to stop the trial because people you
know way more than you'd expect we're
having strokes do you believe that do
you believe that that's true there's a
report you read it I read it came from
someplace it sounded like they knew what
they're talking about let me ask you
this
has any initial report about anything
been through anything every single thing
we hear is either a lie or later we find
out there's some context missing what a
good example here's one is Sweden in
lockdown mode or not lockdown mode well
listen to the news The News says they're
not in lockdown mode and they're doing
not as bad as you might expect so maybe
they're a model right
because if Sweden is doing it why can't
we everywhere and here's the thing
people don't tell you about Sweden and I
don't I don't have confirmation that
this is true but it came from somebody
who noticed whedon that the the Swedes
are not lockdown mode but they're also
not going out so nobody's making money
in Sweden
what do you hear that the Swedish
economy is open well sure but what's the
need to have a restaurant with no
customers because people aren't going in
so if you're looking at the Sweden to
experiment be careful about what it is
you think it's telling you because
they're just too many things different
there there are things about the way
that they can socially isolate I've
heard things about the statistics of the
number of them who live alone anyway you
know they maybe they don't have as many
elevators yeah you can think of a
million reasons why it's different so is
it true that the hydroxychloroquine
cause strokes and some people might be
but I think it would be crazy to think
it's true because it was reported that
it was true just the fact that it was
reported gives you no confidence that
that is true so I think we should all
learn that so Politico did an article
which is of course the the gell-mann
effect if you are the subject of an
article you know what's wrong with
article so good I like giving you these
examples right so Politico writes the
article about what the president said
about injecting disinfectants and they
did a reasonably I would say a
reasonably fair job of describing that
there is in fact a technology for
injecting light into a body they quoted
Joel Pollak who described that inject
was used generically and then it
actually made sense there is a UV
technology it's being tested right now
people do about it etc all right so I'll
give Politico credit for for having that
context which I think a lot of entities
would not have had so I'll give them
credit for that and here's the little
part that mentions me it says in
addition to the Breitbart article other
Trump supporting personalities like
Dilbert cartoonist Scott Adams right so
now I've been framed with one sentence
I've been framed as a trump supporting
personality now I would say that in
general that would be a fair
characterization wouldn't you well I
would call myself a trump supporting
personality that's fair is very context
left out yes the very topic of this
article is about the press conferences
and have the president's communication
during the press conferences I have been
the most vocal critic of the president
maybe you've ever seen I have
consistently giving him an F failing
grade for the press conferences not
everyone some of them are actually quite
good but I've been brutal in criticizing
the president of the very topic of this
article and how do they how do they
characterize the person who has been
brutally criticizing the president I'm a
Trump sporting personality do you think
that captures it it does capture it in
general just not for this topic it would
be misleading for this topic
and then it goes on to say that Dilbert
cartoon is Scott Adams started elevating
articles about dubious technologies
that's right
I was elevating articles about dubious
technologies is that fair is it
technically accurate to say that I was
elevating articles about dubious
technologies yes of course this
completely accurate statement right
because you've seen me I have tweeted
many you know potential breakthroughs
potential technologies things that
people are looking at very dubious
technologies and I have elevated them
through my tweeting but here's another
way to say it you could say that I
tweeted articles of the mainstream media
about new technologies would that also
not explain it perfectly tell me if this
is not perfectly what I did
i I sometimes retweet articles that are
in the media about promising
technologies do you know who else gives
attention to promising technologies and
and medical possibilities everybody
actually everybody everybody in the
media there's probably nobody who hasn't
tweeted some things that people are
looking at maybe this pill works you
know maybe this oxygen monitor works
maybe this light therapy works literally
everybody's doing that and all of the in
all the articles that I think I've
tweeted came from the press I didn't
write them I said I just tweeted what
was there that other people were
tweeting right so so far there are only
two sentences in and they've left out so
much context that you're all they
already don't know who I am where I
stand up this issue and what I'm all
about because it looks like if a quack
was just tweeting unproven technologies
all right and but in reality the entire
press is doing that all the time
that it says so it goes out to say that
the normal way that the president
operates this is that breeding his mind
you know there's a little bit of truth
to it but not as much as they're putting
on it they say four they say the
president Trump typically gets his ideas
from Fox News that he you know adopts
their ideas and then uses them and they
said that this this type it worked in
Reverse so this is politico's in theory
for once president Donald Trump's latest
tossed out suggestion for a way to come
back coronavirus injecting ultraviolet
rays did not originate from a Fox News
guest a viral Twitter thread or an
article on a conservative website really
how did how does Politico know that
Trump's idea about injecting ultraviolet
rays which is in fact all over Twitter
it has been for at least a week or two
because I have personally retweeted it
I've talked about it on Twitter I've
retweeted it other people are free
tweeted it it's all over Twitter alright
so how is it that Politico knows that
the president didn't see the thing that
was all over Twitter on the conservative
side right it probably wasn't all over
Twitter and the other silo so on the
Left silo they probably never saw it but
all kinds of people that idea was
thought you know my followers they seem
to have all season so Politico is thinks
that the president just spontaneously
came up with this idea ahead of nothing
and it and say that it did not originate
from Fox News and therefore it couldn't
have come from any place else is that
the one place he gets things according
to Politico I don't think so and he says
and they go on to say instead the
process worked it reversed and this is
crazy talk first
Trump offered a bundled but hopeful
theory so in other words they're
actually like you just spontaneously
came up with this on his own there one
could
how insert light or our medicine into
the lungs also known as common knowledge
at least for people of the right because
it's a real thing Cedar sinai is testing
it right now injecting light into the
lungs it's the thing and there's reason
to believe it could work but of course
like everything it needs to be tested
likewise when it says you know light
work medicine there are also I'm not
going to mention the chemical because I
don't want to be the guy who gets people
trying this at home but there is a
disinfectant I won't name the type don't
try this at home
because it will kill you but in one
situation where it is you know turned
into an aerosol and pumped into the
lungs to disinfect to kill the virus now
I forget what that's for is for
something else but these are all real
things and Politico is writing this
article like Trump just invented these
and if you know the squirrels of his
head when these are fairly ordinary
things all right and then they say that
talking about Trump's crazy ideas that
he had here and it says a conservative
and Trump friendly media outlets started
trying to explain and boost it well yeah
we're trying to explain why the news was
fake so the way they're writing it is
that there was something weird going on
that we were just trying to explain it
is that what happened because what I saw
is that the news just made up something
that did exist and people said we're
calling you on your is calling
the news of their of their fake
news is that the same thing as as trying
to explain it because trying to explain
it automatically makes that you look
like you're the guilty one that's not
what happened here
the explainers are nothing guilty once
it's the people who've made up to fake
news
and says of the Conservatives supporters
who says they flagged obscure research
papers that said the president was
simply attempting to raise the country's
spirits they tried to discredit media
coverage of the comments well I think we
did this granted that because there were
discredit to Bowl anyway
that's enough of that so for the record
there are at least four ways to inject
yes I said it inject a disinfectant yes
I said it I said disinfected I said
eject disinfectant there are four ways
to do it that are known the press has
still found zero of that but I think the
Trump just made it all up right what are
the ways is that it could be part of a
trachea I'm sorry if you're part be part
of a ventilator that goes into your
trachea
you know already there videos to show
that idea it can go into your lungs
they're talking about taking your
further all the way into the lungs
that's the second way it could be the
disinfectant in this case light it's a
light disinfectant and then it can also
be hooked directly inserted into your
veins and it basically the light hits
the blood of the way through the vein
and disinfect the other way by literally
an insertion so that's three ways it's
inserted and then the fourth is what I
was describing earlier then for other
other conditions not for a corona virus
there are situations where they've air
assault a disinfectant now of course
these are not household disinfectants
I'll talking about you know Lysol and
bleach I'm talking about something that
medical people would use that they would
call a disinfectant because it
disinfects it's just literally what it
does so there are four ways to do it
exactly as the president said in those
words injecting a disinfectant
and the the illegitimate press has
decided to act like that's not even that
there are no things like that instead of
for things like that alright here's the
dog that isn't barking you see that much
noise I've made about this debunking
this and there's no there's no
left-leaning Press who has asked me for
a comment what are the odds that I would
make this much trouble and I would be
asked by nobody for a comment as high as
my profile is because they asked me for
comments on everything I'm just just
that anything I mean I'm continuously
asked for comments on any variety of
things political or otherwise but not on
this topic because I think there's some
understanding just guessing that the
people oddly left who were pushing the
the fake well the the disinfectant hoax
let's call it I think they know that it
can't stand up to a capable capable
communicator and if they had beyond I
would just demolish it then what would
they do
I mean it's their main submit debate
story now there's one other time that
that happened
I spent what three years debunking the
find people hoax don't you think
somebody would have invited me out to
talk about it done now have you ever
seen another situation where there was a
trump supporter who was prominent and
they were talking crazy talk and it
didn't become a national story have you
ever seen it even once a trump supporter
somebody who's prominent and you know
babe you've heard of that sort of thing
if they do any crazy talking in public
does does the media ignore that no they
do not they do stories about it but they
also contact that person for comment
it's the most common thing so if I'm out
here talking crazy saying that this
widely reported finding people hope the
story was a hoax
would that seem crazy to them if they
think it's real
if they think it's real I should look
crazy for saying it didn't happen given
that it was widely reported it's very
crazy to say it didn't happen it's true
it didn't happen and likewise with this
you know injecting the disinfectant
thing nobody's going to have me odd to
talk about that because that would be
the end of it it would ruin the new
cycle and of course being on you know
being on a conservative site wouldn't
help because they're all on the same
page anyway alright so here's a question
for you what is it going to do to our
level of awareness of the world what's
it going to do to the way we understand
our our world when we look back at all
the on this situation
I realized that everyone who said we
should use data to make decisions got
everything wrong what's that going to do
to us think about it you know there's
probably some exceptions but but
generally speaking wouldn't you say that
all the people were saying we must use
data data makes decisions let's use good
judgment and data don't use your
emotions use data what happened to all
those people didn't they get everything
wrong it wasn't the problem that you
can't trust any of the data and the data
was out of context it was wrong it was
incomplete I don't think we made any
good decisions with data even when
Anthony foul she is asked did you use
the models to decide to close the
travel4 move on even he says no you know
the reason we got serious is we just
looked at what was happening they
literally just looked at it inside
that's a lot of hospital beds whoa
that's a lot of people dying we're
hearing bad reports let's let's take
this seriously so even if ouchy didn't
use the model he just looked at the real
world and said that looks scary let's
treat it quite seriously anyway here are
let me dovetail that into this
eventually the world is going to
collectively come to a slightly higher
understanding yeah I would submit to you
that there are two almost independent
species living among us that all look
like humans but they're very different
in other words physically they're humans
but there's something so fundamentally
different about the way they're wired
that you it's a you know it's a question
whether the human at all and here's the
distinction the people who still think
that data and reason and logic are the
dominant way that you should organize I
know everything and make decisions
that's most of the world right even if
people are not good at it they would all
say yeah we should use science we should
use the reason we should use facts and
everybody agrees with that but it's also
true that we rarely have the right facts
and if we do we're not really good at
comparing things you know I wrote a
whole book about it and you can see it a
million times this coronavirus situation
smart people are not good at making
decisions because they don't have a
well-rounded view in the world in many
cases you know artists I've never been
learned I've never learned to make
decisions etc so I think as we as we
grow in our awareness collectively that
facts and reason are not driving our
decisions it's some kind of weird
balance of power and emotions and all
that then you will start to notice that
there were two species that the two
species are these there are the people
who believes facts and reasons are the
dominant way to organize your let's say
your filter out of life and then there's
the second group I call them energy
creatures because they operate on pure
energy and if you're looking at an
energy creature from the outside and
you're not one they just look scary
because they don't operate to your rules
they don't recognize
boundary imagine if you will a scientist
goes into a restaurant and you say and
you say scientists the scientist section
is right over there make sure you only
sit at one of these tables this is a
reserved scientist section what would
happen well the scientists would say
thank you that's very clear would walk
over into the scientists section and the
people who wanted to sit in the non
scientists section would be perfectly
happy now let's say instead of a
scientist you lit a fire it's just
energy if you light a fire in half of
the restaurant what happens to the other
half the other half birds up to because
energy doesn't have boundaries and when
you see an energy creature what are the
ways to know as they don't seem to have
boundaries and they don't seem to
respect facts and reason the way you
think they should they seem to be
irrational Trump is an energy creature
he operates as almost pure energy and it
seems we can't get in his head of course
but it seems that he treats the world or
he filters it by power and energy now he
says so directly he talks about low
energy job he talks about his high
energy campaign everything he does is to
to generate optimism and energy and
power and he says these things directly
this is not me speculating he is
consistently over the years promoted
energy as a way to see things so what do
you see at energy creature who can't
seem to stay into your narrow boundaries
it's because they can't the it's not
it's not their nature you know it's like
asking a cap to play the violin a cat
can't play the violin you can ask but
it's not going to give it to you so an
energy creature is not going to paint
within the lines that's just how it's
going to work but the rest of you might
and the rest of you will be scared to
death because there's
loving energy thing and you don't know
if it has your best interests in mind
because you don't even know why it does
anything it doesn't make sense to you
however it's not true the other way
around
the energy creature is not confused by
you that's the party you don't see
that's that's the hidden part you think
the energy creature is a big old dumb
ball of randomness
they can't be controlled but by God you
ought to control it somehow because it's
dangerous that's what it looks to you
all from the outside if you're not an
energy creature but if you are an energy
creature and I would say I am one
meaning that my filter out life as I've
told you many times is energy and I've
said that it's the only metric you
should track because if you get your
personal energy right it means you've
done pretty much everything else right
you can't get your energy right unless
you're asleep and right even right your
social life is good you you know found
out it would deal with your stress etc
so being an energy creature I see the
world as energy and I likewise I'm often
criticized because I don't have
boundaries you know the reason that I
called myself left a birdie and yet I
spend all my time talking to this
audience which is anything but left a
birdie it's because I don't have
boundaries I don't recognize him III
just don't live in a boundary world I
live in an energy world so the reason
that I'm here doing this is that that's
where the energy was I simply followed
the energy Here I am and it worked out
and quite often following the energy is
exactly the right thing the reason that
Dilbert became my main career is because
when I started it even though it was you
know small and it was just a shot in the
dark and it was a wild dream it still
had energy like it always called me it
gave me energy so what I worked on it
you know just sitting there silently at
4:00 in the morning trying to make
something of myself I felt good it
energized me so I have always been all
about the energy so when I saw a Trump
remember the the first two episodes I
saw that I called out publicly at the
time about why he was special you could
say good or bad but he's clearly special
was the Rosie O'Donnell move where he
took the energy from the question and
just moved the energy he didn't give an
answer he didn't give a fact he didn't
tell the truth he did he didn't use
reason he didn't use logic did it matter
didn't matter he got exactly what he
wanted and became the president of the
United States because he he understood
that this was an energy problem it
wasn't a logic problem there wasn't an
excuse type it wasn't an argument type
it was an energy problem that he solved
by moving the energy now remember
everybody said hey Scott why would the
president say that he was just being
sarcastic about talking about the you
know the light therapy injections of the
disinfectants why would he say he's
being sarcastic when even his supporters
don't believe that
I mean doesn't even sound a little bit
sensible right I mean I'm pretty
inclined to give him the benefit of the
doubt but I can't find any way that
makes sense does think he was being
sarcastic or even the part about he was
addressing a reporter I mean it didn't
even seem like it was the right topic
now if you're not an energy creature
what does that look like pretty
confusing right because you're saying
where's my logic where's my fact where's
my adherence to the topic where's that
anything that makes sense of that but
here's what happened the president
realized that the more the more he
talked about this topic the more targets
he was creating so in other words almost
no matter why he had said if he had
actually addressed the question about
why he was spitballing about these
technologies and he's not a doctor if he
had even tried to address it where would
all the energy go right all of the
energy of the world would have just
to his responses and it would created
this this cluster above of new things
that's all when he tried to defend
himself now watch him he's he's walking
it back look at him why he should
apologize
he's very guilty and it would have been
gigantic like atomic bomb of energy in
the wrong place it would be in the wrong
place if you're the president and you're
an energy monster you all of the
conversation to be about what you're
doing right and you want another the
conversation to be about what you did
wrong even if it gives you an
opportunity to defend yourself because
we live in a world in which defending
yourself doesn't work it doesn't if he
had said I would like to show you a
video a transcript proof a sworn
statement from the Pope here's all my
proof that the news you're you're you're
giving is misleading and nothing like
what you're reporting actually happened
here's my proof what happens that does
the news look at all of his proof and
say oh yeah I guess we got that wrong no
they just make up some new rumors they
just use whatever he had to them as as a
substance for the next set so while I
don't think they he elegantly answered
the question I think we could agree on
that it is true that he moved the energy
because he took the energy out of the
room you can't do a follow-up question
it's like no I was being sarcastic
what's the follow-up question I I don't
have a follow-up question all the energy
was going so here's some other people
who operate as what I would call energy
creatures and I would like to tie this
back to something I said the past about
you remember that I was famously saying
that Trump was playing four dimensional
chess and three dimensional chess and
all that and I guess for divisional
chess and then that became a popular
thing
that the left would mock us anybody who
said that Trump was being clever they
say oh you're where's his 50 dimensional
chess and stuff so I kept trying to
think if there was an easy way to to
explain what I meant by four dimensional
chess and here's the easiest way to
explain it the four dimensional chess
players are our energy creatures they
they live in a world in which they're
filter is energy and that's what they
care about and they know that it works
the they're like that because it works
not because it's random so here's some
other people that I would consider
energy creatures Steve Jobs Steve Jobs
was many things but man was he an energy
creature right Roger Ailes
the architect of Fox News Fox News works
for a lot of reasons but if you were to
summarize the reasons it's because Roger
Ailes was an energy creature and he
figured out how to package a set of
triggers that would trigger energy in
the audience and it was brilliant
it's not an accident that the the that
they're unusually good-looking people on
Fox News of the you know the colors are
bright and the production values are
incredible it's the best producer I
think produced news network
so Ailes energy Buster I would argue
that Joe Rogan is an energy creature and
here's why if you look at Joe Rogan's
entire set of interests that is it's
very much about fitness and about mind
and about you know stretching your mind
and being mentally flexible and you know
hunting and fighting and exercising and
you know standing in front of a crowd
the scariest thing you can do maybe he
is all energy so is it an accident that
people get bad at Joe Rogan because they
say hey you're not supposed to say you
like this or that
but joe rogan like fire he doesn't have
a boundary his energy goes wherever it
goes and if he's gonna you know work for
you know call color a commentary in a
fight or do stand-up comedy he just goes
where the energy is does it work yeah
he's one of the most popular people of
the country it totally works I think
people are drawn to energy just in
general the other one is obvious Mike
savage Mike Serna say anything you
want about his opinion is his
personality blah blah blah blah but
nobody understands the that we live in
an energy world and nobody understands
how to move that energy sort of directly
and intentionally better than Mike Serna
Mitch you know it's not it's not an
accident he has what is he approaching
six hundred thousand followers or
something Twitter and I would say rush
limbaugh rush limbaugh understands
energy as well I could give you examples
but they're easy so there are lots of
other people though so I would argue
that Tucker I'm seeing people suggesting
Tucker and Mark Levin I would say that
they are more intellectual I would say
that a lot of people who are you know at
the top of their game
you know Levin and Tucker they're at the
top of the game and I get I would watch
them primarily because I would learn
something I didn't know when I watched
Tucker's show or a watch of the Ben show
I almost always hear a different look
and so that's not so much about energy I
think they're they're much more cerebral
in a good way you know the world
requires the world requires all types
I'm not saying that one is better than
the other I'm just saying that if you
understand the world as people who blew
of energy and then people who don't
understand that a lot of the world makes
sense when it didn't used to that
and the female towers yes of a OSI AOC
is an energy mover and other energy
boomers recognized her immediately
all right so again you know sort of itch
sought immediately I saw it immediately
and there she was moving energy and the
people who did understand that were
arguing about her her fact-checking I'd
saved on Elizabeth Warren she's cerebral
cerebral and again what I'm
distinguishing between the energy
creatures and the cerebral ones about
saying what is better than the other it
just depends what you're trying to
accomplish
sometimes for leadership the energy
creature is the best one Candice is a
sort of a hybrid because I think people
go through a process and I think you
don't become an energy creature
overnight so I would say she is um I
would say she's on the way to being an
energy creature if she wants to be I
mean it all depends on where you want to
go maybe it's it's up to her where she
goes but she has she's an interesting
blend because she uses lots of facts and
reason so her arguments hold together an
irrational level quite well but on top
of that she also knows how to inflame
passions but she's also young imagine
imagine Candice in 30 years right
because the the skilled issues starting
with I say this about AMC you could say
it about Matt Gaetz you could say it
about a lot of the younger people who
have talent
now however good they are at age 30
something they're gonna be really really
good at age 60 something it's not an
accident that you end up with you know
Nancy Pelosi because they do get better
and learn more over time so Oprah Oprah
yes I would say that Oprah is an energy
creature I would buy that one Jordan
Peterson is interesting I would call him
ebrill it's lecture but he has such an
impact on people that he actually
controls energy through the quality of
his communicating and his ideas so it's
almost like he's a he's almost like a
distributor of energy in a way when you
see Jordan Peterson you don't feel that
he's exhibiting a lot of personal energy
but his ideas are so powerful that that
they're like you know little delayed
missiles that go off what you're
thinking about a year you know an hour
later all right
bite it is neither yeah all right Ann
Coulter Ann Coulter is definitely a well
she's an interesting hybrid too so I'd
put her in that let's say a more
experienced version of a Candace I hate
to compare people because if people
don't want to be compared than then they
think it's an insult what it's not so
let me let me reverse the comparison
just so nobody has to be compared to
anybody but I would say the Ann Coulter
is one of the smartest writers and one
of the freshest thinkers in the public
eye I mean I it's hard to get more
skilled and what if she does I don't
know anybody who writes better she's
probably the best writer in the game
just pure writing style but let's say
she's right you know about everything
unless I agree with her she's her
priorities or her priorities but she
defends him really well and she also
moves passions I would say she is she's
intellectual but she understands she
understands energy but she's certainly
biased toward the argument sighs the
lawyer side if you will all right dad
Crenshaw he has of course the the power
of the military aura so so that's sort
of always with him so yeah he has he
sort of exudes
a charisma it's true which comedians
well any comedian who doesn't respect
boundaries so bill burr for example bill
burr his comedy suggests that he
understands yeah certainly that the
understands energy alright I've George
Bush jr. alright general Flynn to be
exonerated this week
yeah we're hearing good rumors about
general Flynn right this would be the
perfect time to do it I can't think of a
better time to pardon people so I don't
know the right language partner
exonerate or any of those things but I
got a feeling that Roger stones a good
shape in general Flynn's is a good shape
Ben Shapiro is intellectual Jaco I I
haven't watched a lot of Jacko's content
but what I know of him I would say he's
into energy energy creature elegant
Ellen DeGeneres yeah there's a good
example so Ellen DeGeneres is an energy
creature yeah I would say so
maybe she's literally gets up at dances
with her audience and she exudes just a
tremendous amount of personal energy
that's very appealing
alright that's that's enough for today I
will see you in the morning and I got
some fudge stuff for the boarding so
don't miss it
see you then