we'd like to see that let me get my
comments going here and then we're going
to have the show of
shows yes I am wearing the official
coffee with Scott Adams
beanie and the official coffee with
Scott Adams
t-shirt also comes with the
hoodie if you're wondering where you
could get yours just Google coffee with
Scott Adams
merchandise it'll pop right up I think
you can see the link in my uh X bio as
well or no you can see the link on uh
the
Youtube things just just Google it
coffee was got Adams merchandise it'll
pop right
up good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels and nobody can understand with
their tiny shiny human brains all you
need is a copper muger glass a tanker
gel suin canteen suer flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure dopamine end
of the day thing that makes everything
better it's called yes the simultaneous
step and it happens now
go oh the best thing I've ever
had well would you like to hear some
optimistic
things all
right we're going to start with some
optimistic science and breakthroughs and
we'll get to some
optimistic
politics and then we'll get to our
optimistic holiday coming up everybody
good lots of optimism
all right starting in with uh turns out
that there's a study that shows you uh
there's a paper written by Brandon
bushelon he's an associate professor of
Journalism at the UFA he found that the
uh key drivers of loneliness of course
is not being with people but that you
can solve your loneliness not completely
but it helps a lot to have online
friends so if you don't have any on
online friends and you're lonely you
should try to get some for example you
could join coffee with Scott Adams on
the locals platform Scott adams.
locals.com and for a very small
subscription fee you could get to hang
out with all of us in the band cave
pretty much every night after
dinner and we just hang out and the you
know I didn't start it that way I
started as you know just extra content I
didn't know what it was going going to
be but it turns out that there are so
many lonely people in the world that
just knowing that somebody they
recognize and likes them and is glad
they're there can talk to you almost
every day so uh if you're if you're in
it for the uh reducing your loneliness
you made a good play it's worth the
money all right there's a study from uh
let's see according to the conversation
that's
publication um
the future looks bright um when you're
optimistic so apparently optimism makes
you
healthier did you know that optimism
makes you healthier it
does because if you're optimistic you're
more likely to have a better attitude
and less stress and we know that stress
causes you bad health and uh optimists
are also more likely to do the things
that you're supposed to do to stay
healthy so if you know that eating and
exercising and staying away from bad
stuff is bad for you The Optimist will
actually do that stuff why because I
think it'll
work if you think something's going to
work you're far more likely to do it so
Optimist live
longer so one of the reasons you watch
this show is that I make you more
optimistic I do that intentionally and
it makes you think wait a minute
maybe I could lose weight maybe I could
exercise more maybe I could be smarter
about my vote Yes yes
yes and uh there I think I added uh
about seven minutes to your life just by
that little bit of optimism seven
minutes you're
welcome all right um there's a
University College London study it says
that the language used by mothers
affects the oxytocin levels of in of
infants uh I'm going to give you an
example of that and I'm going to see if
you needed the science to tell you that
the oxytocin would be better under one
scenario than another scenario
one oh what what's that you got there
little Bobby oh blocks oh looks like you
built a you built a little fort is that
what you wanted to do oh good job you
built a little fort nice what are you
gonna do next okay that's one
that's one way now compare this other
style of parenting what the hell have
you got these blocks all over the FL
floor you Blockhead jeez I'm going to
step on one of these and break my ankle
get out of my sight you disgust
me now if you compare those two
parenting Styles which one do you think
is creating a healthier
child that's right maybe you could have
just asked me and not do that study
I'm pretty sure the your oxytocin of
your baby is better if you're nice to
them and you show interest yeah do
that according to the Daily wire there's
a new study that says that life may have
existed on Mars because they found some
rocks that have all the telltale signs
of have been associated with
water so you don't know to need to know
the details but apparently you can look
at a rock and tell if it's been
associated with water in the past
and so they think maybe it is but I have
a
question where does the water
go is that the dumbest question of the
day or the smartest I actually I can't
tell where where does it
go now I
assume somebody's going to say it like
if the uh if the atmosphere can't hold
it in you know if it's not insulated
it'll just go into
space does water go into
space I mean how could it how could it
escape the you know even if it's uh
turns it into
vapor can vapor escape the gravity of
the
planet I'm seeing yes so if we did not
have greenhouse
gases does that mean we would lose the
water on Earth it would just see I
understand
evaporation but evaporation is still a
closed system it doesn't go anywhere
just change its form but does it really
go into space and just keep going I that
the thing I don't
understand is how could it escape
gravity H I got questions I'm not I'm
not sure the that the fast answer is the
right answer is and it's funny that I
don't know the answer to that doesn't
that seem like that would be sort of
common sense like like everybody who had
a good education should be able to
answer the question if Mars once had
water where' to
go I should be able to answer that so
I'm a little embarrassed that I can't
but you know I don't care about
embarrassment all right well the price
of lithium batteries apparently is going
to plunge and keep
plunging um doesn't matter why but
probably just supply and demand but uh
lithium prices will plunge making the
electric cars way more
compatible um
competitive with gas engines because
right now if your battery dies in your
electric
car that's not such a good economic
situation for
you but if the price of the batteries
keeps going down then you could lose
your battery and just say oh well
$55,000 for a new battery it's way
better than a new car so it would be
similar to the price of replacing your
engine so that can change
things on top of that there's a company
radiant which is uh looking to
mass-produce Portable nuclear reactors
starting in
2026 so uh their CEO Doug burnau I guess
had some experience in the Elon musk
world of engineering so it's a serious
person and showed a picture of them so
these these one megawatt nuclear
reactors they look like the size of uh a
bus so basically one of them would be
the size of a bus and you could put more
than one of them next to each other so
you could have one location but you
could have you know a couple of buses
parked next to each other and it' be one
megawatt so you're basically powering a
small City
and they can just it looks like the
entire process would be easy to just
drag one in there and hook it up and
turn it
on do do you realize what a big deal
that would be if this works if they if
they could really make mass produced see
see mass produced is the the key to it
all because mass produced just tells you
it's economical it's easy there'll be
lots of them if they can really so it
looks like they've designed it from the
ground up
with the purpose of being super
safe super cheap and easy to produce and
get
approved what if this
works and OB bet is not the only company
I mean rules Rices in this space
there'll be others this is gigantic it's
one it's one of the biggest things in
Civilization meanwhile Honda has created
some kind of solid state battery that's
going to be 50% smaller according to new
Atlas um so it's it's not important that
Honda has a battery that's way way
better it's just part of this bigger
story that Battery Technology this is
the reason I I give you a battery story
almost every day if you didn't
understand that the entire world of
battery and electrical storage is so
Dynamic right now it almost guarantees
anic breakthroughs because it's just
lots of good science lots of prototypes
lots of money and everybody knows that's
where it has to go I mean you're you're
going to have to get to the point for
sure that we can do electric and store
it and store it economically so
everything's heading in the right
direction that free markets doing it
Elon Musk is a saying the F35 our most
expensive fighter uh jet is maybe not
not as smart as having just lots of
drones I think that's right it does seem
to me that a drone Air Force is both
inevitable and would be superior to um
fighter jets just because you could
cover the sky with drones and probably
stop any fighter jet I would imagine if
he if you had a whole drone like
swarm imagine you could take out a very
expensive jet
without too much trouble now I suppose
there's a height issue maybe that might
be that might be part of
it but he's probably right that we need
to save some money and turn ourselves
into a drone
Force speaking of uh Elon Musk star
Link's uh new system now can connect to
your mobile phone with no extra
equipment or special app so I don't know
exactly what that means but I think you
can take your regular existing phone and
instead of saying I'm using uh one of
the regular phone companies can you now
just select starlink as your
provider or extra provider is it in
addition
to or is it instead of so I don't know
the details of this yet but imagine
having an a phone made by Elon Musk that
actually had real security so the
government couldn't get into it if
that's even possible probably not
possible um but
wow that's a pretty big
deal all right I'm going to make an
announcement Public Announcement are you
ready Public Announcement number one do
not ever follow my stock advice I don't
give advice but because I talk about big
companies publicly you know as part of
what I do every day I feel like it is is
an obligation to you my audience that I
tell you if I make any uh investment
change in a company that I talk about so
you already know that I own stock in
Tesla so if you hear me saying good
things about Tesla what you should say
is oh he probably would have said that
even if he didn't believe it now the
truth is I don't think I would lie to
you about a stock I bought but from your
point of view you should be Skeptics
right you shouldn't assume I everything
I say is true I think it is I have no
reason not to tell you the truth but
your your view should be other people
are always sketchy when it comes to
money doesn't matter who it is just just
assume all other people are a little
sketchy when it comes to your money now
I'm going to tell you what change I made
but I'm going to be really serious about
this next statement don't think it's a
good idea for you do you all get that
cuz what what I'm going to tell you was
probably the worst investment idea you
ever had in your
life I just sold all of my Invidia stock
I had quite a bit now I I'm a recent
buyer of it so I didn't get the you know
the
10,000% gain I got a maybe 75% gain so
75% in less less than a
year and so I sold it now I owe you an
explanation
but again don't take my
explanation as being credible or smart
I'm not really good at investing I'm
seriously not good at there there are
things I do that I do well and I'm happy
to tell you what they are I love to tell
you what my what my good things are this
isn't one of them and what I mean by
that is that there's not really people
who are smart enough to pick individual
stocks
you know if you going to listen to me
you get an index fund all right so
here's my
reasoning but um I'm not confident in it
whatsoever my reasoning goes like this I
believe that the market of people who
can buy these expensive AI devices will
soon be
saturated it's not there yet so there's
still probably plenty of room to grow so
if you if you held yours I would say
probably smart
um but at some
point I think there's going to be a
competitor and I don't know that they
have the the Moes that I would look for
in a company like this for example if
somebody comes up with a more clever
chip and it's
cheaper the entire
Nvidia business model falls apart all at
once because if somebody could do the
same thing and cheaper what do they have
and it does seem to me that um there
should be the highest level of technical
experts would be trying to compete with
Nvidia because Nvidia became the
most uh expensive company in the world
in no time at all so in theory if the
free market is
working then the smartest people in the
world are creating the whatever is the
next technology that they hope will take
over from Nvidia I also Al am worried
that companies are going to start
announcing in the next year or so that
they overspent on
AI and what I mean by that is that they
had high hopes for it solving all their
problems but once they got into it and
they really got deep into it um all they
could do is make apps that they would
try to sell to other people to solve
their
problems but it
doesn't so AI so far is not is not a
technology that solves problems it's a
technology that can people people are
produ ising they're Turing it into
different apps and products and they're
selling it to you to solve your problem
but it's not solving any of your
problems at some point somebody's going
to notice hey looks like we spent
millions of dollars on this and
everything's the
same now there will be special cases
where it works perfectly there'll be
special cases where an AI app will just
replace some people save some money
everybody wins does a better job but I
think they're going to be the
exceptions I think they might be the
exceptions
and I think the AI as an interface might
become a
commodity and that seems to be the only
thing it can do the only thing AI does
consistently is create art which will
have no value
do you know why the art from AI will
have no
value supply and
demand you're going to have infinite
art for no cost you if you already own
the app you can make infinite art so so
it's great that AI makes art but it's
going to make art have no value because
everybody can make infinite art supply
and demand it's obvious so art will have
no value you at least the art that AI
can
make um the in the part where it's
really good at talking to you and
understanding what you're saying and
creating good sentences that will
continue to be
useful but it's going to be a commodity
it'll just be in everything and I can't
believe that that drives invidious
profits where they need to be and then
there's the pattern recognition
stuff which might be great like it can
help with a progr
but so far and I don't see this changing
by the way so far nobody except a
trained programmer can use AI to make a
program am I
right do do you think you with no
training whatsoever and had a program
could go use Ai and make yourself an app
and put it in the market and it's
commercial and everybody buys it I don't
think
so I've never heard of it I don't think
it's happening so I think that a lot of
the interest in
Nvidia is because people are thinking in
terms of
AGI but Nvidia is not in the AGI
business I don't know that they will be
because nobody knows how to make AGI so
there's no Hardware you can make to make
the thing that nobody knows how to
make now you can make little Leo chat
chat Bots and stuff but at the moment
they don't really do much they're just
too Limited
um the battle between Art and Science is
settled I didn't know there was a
battle um there's talk that
saas will collapse because companies can
just generate it with AI again
Owen that's where Common Sense takes you
Common Sense tells you hey this AI
stuff's can replace all these obvious
things that are
suboptimal except that I don't think you
can we're we're not seeing it and and
the fact that AI still hallucinates and
I don't think that's been solved how are
you going to replace your your
SAS with something that hallucinates
because you'll get answers but you won't
know if they're
real so between hallucinating and the
fact that um AI doesn't seem to remember
you and there doesn't seem to be a
technology where I can have my my most
personal stuff I wanted to remember to
be local local and away from the AI
company so that they can't get my good
stuff because my perfect situation is
I've got an AI and it sits on top of
data that only I own and my AI only goes
into it when it needs to but otherwise
it doesn't know anything it it only
knows that has access to the database
that's not
there
so here's a Warren Buffett um reason for
selling a stock if you have a reason for
buying a stock you buy it and if that
reason doesn't change you hold it for me
the reason changed because I like
monopolies so Nvidia is basically a
monopoly right now but I don't see the
moat I don't see how they can stay
one so that's why I changed my
investment but remember I'm terrible at
investing if you follow my lead you'll
probably lose money Invidia is already
up today so if you had followed my
advice yesterday you would already have
lost money so say that as clearly as
possible all right uh Alex Jones is
saying the Sandy Hook was a Bloomberg op
not not the crime itself but rather the
fact that Alex Jones was sued and
basically uh taken down by that
lawfare and he thinks that that was all
funded by
Bloomberg and that he he was behind the
whole thing it looked like it was
organic but it wasn't it was just to get
to Trump so given that Alex Jones was
you know strong voice for trump it was
one way that they could take him out now
do you think that's true this this is
Alex Jones saying that this is new
information that came out so I I guess
the core cases revealed who got funded
for what because here's what I've been
wondering about Sandy
Hook I understand that the parents would
be
disr because somebody in the media said
something about their
situation I get that but why does that
let you sue
somebody where'd that come from like
that doesn't sound organic
take today for example today I'm going
to talk a little later about
fenel and some
changes and when I talk about fenol do
you know that almost every time I
mention it on a somebody will come into
my uh feed and tell me that it's my own
damn fault that my stepson died from a
drug
overdose and that uh he deserved to die
um it's just you know it was it was
getting it was weeding out
you know the ones we don't
need and uh and it goes like that now
how's that make me feel well I'm a
little tougher than the average public
figure so I just usually block them and
say people are terrible it doesn't
bother me a lot I bothers me a little
bit but not a lot
now do I get to sue them do I get to sue
the people on ex who say oh things that
I think are not
true I don't think I should just feels
like their opinion so to me it seems
like Alex Jones had an
opinion which he thought was true nobody
nobody ever I don't think anybody ever
proved that he thought he was
lying can you correct me on that I'll
need a fact check on that there's no
evidence produced anywhere that he
thought he was wrong right now I don't
think he was right I don't I don't think
there was a you know a fake
event but there's no evidence that he
thought he was wrong and he did it
anyway so I never really understood the
lawsuit but now I do now I do it it had
to be funded by some billionaire who
wanted to just take out Alex Jones and
if this is the answer that it was Mike
Bloomberg was the billionaire and he was
taking out Alex
Jones I'm not so sure I want to you know
believe this
completely but if it did turn out that
Michael Bloomberg is behind that God
he's a piece of
 if he's really behind this he's a
really piece of I I actually backed
him one time years ago I thought well he
looks like he'd be pretty good national
office because he did good did a good
job in New York but
wow he turned out to be not anything
that I thought he was I'm very
disappointed in
him rasmon has a little poll says that
55% of us voters believe the President
should choose cabinet officers he knows
he can trust compared to 39% who think
it's better to pick ones with
experience I think the Public's getting
it right
again the public is doing a hell of a
job have you noticed that the public
just sort of getting the right answer
lately yeah the majority of the public
seems to be getting the right answer on
all the big questions and this is new I
don't think they were doing this for the
last four years but yes if you have um
cabinet officers that you can't trust it
doesn't matter how experienced they are
in fact you'd want them to be less
experienced CU if you you don't trust
them you don't want them to use all
their experience against you so yes yes
yes loyalty and Trust has to be a higher
than experience it has to be now if it
were not
Trump I might go the other way but we've
seen Time and Time and Time and Time and
Time and Time Again that people come
after Trump in every way they can so if
they stuck any little spy in his
campaign well it's going to be terrible
for him so yes loyalty trust first and
if you have to give up some
experience okay it's not perfect but yes
if you give me that choice I'm going to
take trust over experience now you can't
pick a don't don't give me a total clown
I don't want to clown but if you tell me
that Matt Gates couldn't have done the
job you're wrong you could have if you
if you think that Pete Heth can't do the
job you're wrong
I'm pretty sure he can right now I don't
know character-wise or anything else
about him but but yeah the there there
there are enough permanent people in
every organization to get the basic job
done you just need somebody to handle
the big uh the big ethical questions
basically and he could do that for
sure so uh the o'keef Media grp Group
OMG got some uh new
corporate
guy um in the NIH National National
Institute of Health and uh let's see
it's Raja colan he's the chief of Health
Data
standards uh with a very longer name
I'll stop there so he actually said this
on undercover video I probably shouldn't
be saying this s loud that they might
they might have funded a lab in Wuhan
China and fizer and madna are getting a
bunch of money from all these vaccine
mandates uh he said to the OMG
undercover journalist I quote I don't
even know if these vaccines stop you
from getting covid they don't uh he said
we're all going to learn about the
dangers of covid vaccines when it's too
late yikes uh he said the six feet of
social distancing was not based on any
science it was completely made up um he
thinks that Trump's Victory is worse for
the National Institute of Health it
would be better for a Democrat to be in
office he
said quote we fly under the radar of
really being scrutinized I don't think I
have too much to worry about and then he
and then he says to the undercover
journalist who is recording every every
word on the undercover recording he
realized that if if he is being recorded
in anything he said he's in trouble and
so he finishes his sentence with
that's not recording
right that's not recording right oh yeah
it was recording got every word got
every word Now by now I don't think this
is much of a scoop to know that people
inside these these agencies know that
they were just making up and that
and that greater scrutiny is really bad
for them but he's saying it directly the
Democrats won't scru I
us that's pretty bad to be out
there meanwhile Walmart one of the
biggest Employers in the whole darn
country is going to get rid of its Dei
program and they they basically they're
going to abandon all the woke stuff
they're going to get rid of
controversial products for children and
uh just get get out of all of it and
this is a big win for Robbie Starbuck
who been the activist who's contacting
Walmart specifically and
saying you know just giving you some
warning you're
next BEC because if you get the Robbie
Starbucks
treatment a lot of people on the
internet are going to say whoa whoa
we're going to Target you now what are
you doing there you racist so Walmart's
getting ahead of
it I would say that you well I'm going
to give the credit here to Robbie
Starbuck primarily um this is more of
the Trump effect isn't it this is the
Trump effect because I think if KLA
Harris had won I don't think Walmart
would get rid of
Dei I think they would think oh damn it
we're going to have some problems with
the government if we get rid of it and
we might need the government now and
then big companies all need the
government now and then so I call this a
trump
effect uh you know working its way
through Robbie Starbuck who's doing an
amazing job
so James Carville is not too happy with
John Stewart um so I guess John Stewart
said that uh the identity politics
shouldn't have been the reason that
Harris lost because uh she was not
running on woke identity
politics does that sound right to you
the K Harris was not running on woke and
identity
politics well your common sense might
say well that's crazy that's everything
she was doing but I think John sewer
would say if you actually listened to
her you know what she said during the
campaign she seemed to have walked away
from it because it was sort of a losing
proposition but still she embodied it
from top to bottom Not only was she an
identity pick the most clearly obviously
nobody's trying to hide it identity pick
her boss said I'm picking her because of
she's a black woman identity pick and
then when there could have been some
kind of a process to see if she was the
best pick they got rid of the process to
keep the identity
pick and
then and and we assumed that the
companies would have to keep with Dei if
she had been elected but um James
Carville is not taking any of that
 and he said uh quote Bill Mah
um he said he said John Stewart says it
couldn't have hurt because no Democrat
ran on it in order to escape any
responsibility they said that stuff was
never used in
2024 and uh James Carville says you're
 wrong it was used in politics if
you have a bad policy you may throw it
away but the other side gets to play
that's right so it didn't matter that
she tried to run away from in the last
you know the closing hours of the
campaign it only mattered that the
Republicans were going to make hay with
it and they did you know the the trans
related commercials especially were
called out so it didn't matter what
Harris
did the Democrats had spent years
creating this environment which the
Republicans had every right to say
there's too much of this and you're
going to get more of it if you elect a
Democrat so yeah you can't run away from
the house you built it's like she built
a house and then she lived inside it and
said I'm not building a house right now
but you're living inside the house I
know but I built it earlier but you
built it but I'm not building it right
now I haven't even mentioned it in two
weeks so yes if you build the house and
you live in
it the Republicans are going to
notice and James Carville is going to
notice that the Republicans noticed he's
not a happy
guy anyway um and according to the
Vigilant
Fox they had some uh news Nation show so
Cuomo had one of the biggest donors for
the Democrats this guy named John Morgan
he's called a mega donor and he thinks
that K Harris's political life is
over because she misused the money that
she was um she got she said it was spent
so recklessly they wasted money on ads
in
Florida so she was running ads in places
that she couldn't
win
interestingly Trump also spent campaign
money in states he couldn't
win so I'm not sure this donor on the
right page because the reason Trump did
it I think is that he thought he had a
good chance based on internal polling of
winning the Electoral College but his
mandate would only be useful if he also
won the popular vote so you go to States
like New York and California he couldn't
possibly win but if he could gather up
some votes from people who had a low
propensity to vote maybe he get the
popular vote and he did so why why would
Trump's strategy that
worked not work for Harris if she
advertised in Florida because she just
wanted to you know boost her her to
total
numbers I think we have to figure out
who are the smart people here because
the mega donor sounds like he doesn't
understand how the campaign works now
I'm not defending Harris I'm just saying
that you can't have an article that says
going to the states you're going to lose
is brilliant if you're Trump but going
to the states you're going to lose is a
bad idea if you're KL Harris because
that's what's out there like it can't be
both a good idea and a bad idea at the
same time
so I don't know maybe maybe the argument
is that her internal poll showed she
wasn't going to win the swing States so
don't work on the the don't work on the
popular vote if you're not even going to
win the swing States but we don't know
what her internal poll said and neither
does he so I don't know uh meanwhile
California it turns well it's a
California story do you think it's going
to be
positive it's like California just tries
to come up with what's the dumbest
 thing we can do to show that
we're not like even serious about fixing
anything
so uh they've dropped the uh EV
incentive there was some tax incentive
for building EVS in California but did
you know there's only one company that
builds an eeve in California it's called
Tesla yeah it's just an anti- Tesla law
why why would you why would a state just
come up with an anti- Tesla law just
because musk is working productively
with Trump
now I tell you there it feels like
there's not anything that California
does that isn't just absolutely
up like we need to get rid of our
leadership so much I mean I mean it's
just so bad it's embarrassing I don't
get embarrassed but if I
did this would do it
anyway it looks like Trump will have
persevered through all of his uh lawfare
odds as he likes to say he's persevered
and you if you don't know let's see Jack
Smith is uh dropping all of his claims
and I guess that keeps them alive should
they want to re reup them after he gets
out of office which is a messed up thing
to do if you're going to drop him and
he's a certain age you should you know
drop them in a way that they're not
coming back so kind of messed up that
they'd keep that risk over his head but
uh this so the the stuff that got
dropped is the 2020 election
interference and the classified document
case so Trump still has the 34 felonies
or whatever they are for his New York
City lawfare trial where the
bank made him a good loan and got paid
back and they were happy so he's a felon
because he did what everybody does when
they get a loan with property he
overstated the value of the loan knowing
that the lender would check it on their
own and the only thing that mattered is
what the lender checked anyway
so I'd love to get for him to get rid of
these 34 felonies just so people don't
have to say it
anymore the rumor is that cash Patel
will be named FBI director post
Millennials talking about this is still
in the rumor phase unless it happened
this morning I guess um what do you
think of that is that going to happen
now I don't know a ton about cash
Patel uh I only know this Trump never
leaves cash on the table
boom I've been telling you that for
years he never leaves cash on the table
he always picks it up and here we are
with cash
Patel so uh if if I judge from just the
videos I've seen
of his uh ability to talk in public and
answer the right questions and have the
right opinions and see things through
the right frame seem strong so um my
first impression is
strong um according to the National
pulse uh recruitment in the military is
sharply up and they think it's because P
hagath got nominated and apparently if
you're the anti- Dei person people want
to get into the military again and if
you're the anti-war person uh that's too
strong but it's part of the you know the
Trump World is anti-war let's say so if
you think there's fewer chances you'll
be killed and more chances you'll be
promoted and fewer chances you'll be
treated like garbage for some Dei
reason I would say that would make sense
that people would be signing up to be in
the military makes sense
meanwhile here's more uh maybe Trump
effect the
IDF is looking to wrap up their uh their
military missions in U in Lebanon and
they want to get everything uh wrapped
up um in the next 60 days because after
that Trump's going to be in office and
he's going to wrap it up for him so
there's the Trump effect so the Trump
effect seems
to um have increased and increased
people joining the
military and it seems to have
simultaneously decreased the odds that
there will be a World War once he's in
charge so that's pretty
good meanwhile here's more Trump effect
the uh the Haitians that were uh very
numerous in Springfield and caused the
meme about eating the cats and dogs
which as far as I know is not not based
on any ser serious
reality but uh apparently a lot of the
Haitians that were in Springfield are
self- deporting because they think that
Trump's election would put them in
Jeopardy if they stay there and maybe
they're
right so you've got you've got Ukraine
and Russia waiting for Trump
obviously you've got Israel waiting for
Trump obviously you've got the Haitians
waiting for Trump obviously and they're
all correcting
and then you see people joining the
military because of
trump stock market is
up because Trump's
coming do you notice the
pattern it's almost everything is better
almost
everything and to me the funniest reason
that the uh Democrats can't figure out
what they did
wrong is that it was
everything from top to bottom there
wasn't a single thing if you just if you
go head to-head what did Trump's
campaign do and what did c commus
campaign do
head-to-head Trump was
extraordinary but on every Dimension
except one which was raising the most
money kamla failed so she raised the
most money but apparently she used it so
poorly that it ruined her future in
politics so the raising the money you
don't get credit for if you wasted it
and it destroyed your hope of ever being
in politics
again so that's that's again Trump
raised less money and underspent it and
won a landslide who handles money better
duh right so on every single Dimension
from communication to policies to
strategies to you know money used
productively Trump everything
every every single thing and you know
even if you look at the
media even though the media the know the
so-called mainstream media was strongly
in favor of Harris they themselves did
such a bad job that people lost trust in
the media and the
candidate so I've never seen anything
like it the the media became essentially
part of the
campaign so when the campaign lost the
media lost the same
amount the their their uh traffic just
went through the floor it's because the
public saw them as just the campaign we
we don't need the heis campaign anymore
that's what you were so don't need to
watch you
anymore well according to a Gallup
survey 86% of Republicans and Republican
leaning Independents say they're
optimistic because of Trump's election
86%
of people who lean right are
optimistic but how about the people who
lost 76% of Democrats uh said they were
afraid as a reaction to the
election they feel angry and
devastated do you remember the story I
told you earlier in the live stream here
that people who are optimistic live
longer and they're more
successful they're healthier
I can actually feel
this like the the level of optimism that
I've seen and also experienced and other
people that I interact with is so high
that I would be amazed if it's not good
for our health I I feel like my health
was suppressed for four years and now
now suddenly I just feel great when I
wake
up every morning I wake up feeling great
and I don't think that was the same
it just feels
different so I I guess I feel bad for
the Democrats because they're uh they're
affecting their own health at this
point
um apparently uh don Jr's making making
some uh provocative news he's suggesting
that the White House is considering
instead of doing the press releases
where you've got all the mainstream
media asking stupid questions that
nobody cares about and not getting
answered that they might they might
replace at least some of the Press Room
with Independence and they you they use
Joe Rogan as an example Blaze media is
writing about this by the
way um and uh Don John Jr seems to be
confirming that this is at least at
least a serious
discussion now um my idea was to have a
rotating press secretary
this is better you remember I told you
that the uh sometimes brain
brainstorming is about the bad
idea because the bad idea might make you
think of the good
one here I can see that mine was the bad
one so the bad idea was to get the
celebrity if you will to just do the job
of standing in front and trying to
represent the president but since the
celebrity would not be as informed and
you know maybe they wouldn't take that
seriously and you know maybe it would
look too much like a joke and people
would say get back to being serious so
that was my idea and they has some warts
on it but it would possibly it would
possibly make you think of the idea well
wait instead of changing the press
secretary why don't we change the people
asking the
questions oh now we're good that's way
better than my idea it's way better now
I'm not saying that my
idea led to that idea but I'm just
saying it could have like in in the real
world that's a normal way things could
happen um so that's why the bad idea is
such a good idea because it leads to
good
ideas so I'd love to say this now I
don't I don't think they need to get rid
of all the major media but if you stuck
in some Independence and actually got
them to ask some
questions I would love that
because my biggest thing with the press
conferences I they don't always ask the
right questions but you put the
independence in there and they will so
love
that all right here's a story that's
sort of close to my
heart um as you know my stepson died of
a fenel overdose in
2018 and I have been very vocal about
what we should do about it and very
anti-china and anti- Mexico Etc and
during Trump's first term um I had great
optimism that he would make something
happen in that domain he did not he did
not and it's one of my biggest
disappointments now later my take on it
was there wasn't anything you could
do because unless you're going to attack
China they just will just keep doing
what they're doing sending their
precursors to Mexico and unless you
militarily attacked Mexico
the cartels will just keep doing what
they're doing and they're all making
money so if they're all making money and
the only thing you could do is threaten
to attack them then you've done
nothing turns out Trump doesn't like to
lose and he definitely lost on fenel and
they definitely made him look like a
chump let me say that directly China
made Trump look like a
chump by promising to do it and doing
nothing nothing to stop fenel and
Mexico has a little explaining to do too
I mean the cartels are the primary
pushers of it so apparently he's decided
that that's not going to go down this
way this time so here are the things
he's announced so
far um he's Trump is going to put a big
tariff on both Canada and Mexico because
they're not doing enough to control
their borders partly because of fenel
so he's just going to he's just
basically going to take trade out of it
now hold on hold on uh I'm waiting for
the NPCs to rush into the comments and
say
Scott Scott don't you understand how
tariffs work don't you understand that
tariffs are paid by the American the
American company that want to buy it why
do you not understand how terrorists
work you can't threaten Canada because
it's really just coming out of the
pockets of the the American
companies okay you're totally
wrong if you did one tariff that
affected one American company yeah it
just be coming out of the American
company's pocket if you do a broad
tariff about all their
goods you're going to start finding that
the market starts to adjust to that so
what you're playing for is the market
adjustment so suddenly somebody in
America who didn't think they could
compete might say wait a minute if I
make it here it's going to be 20%
cheaper than Canada oh wow it's a new
market so the long game is that Trump is
telling you you know your car market
we're going to put you on a business the
whole the whole industry we're just
going to take it out if if you don't
cooperate same with Canada you you like
selling your I don't know what they sell
milk and butter or
whatever do you like that Arrangement
where we buy your Farm Goods okay in uh
9 months we're not going to buy any of
your farm Goods because they'll be
priced out of
consideration so is it true that Canada
is not the one paying for the tariffs
yes the company that the American
company that wanted to import it or the
customer basically pays for it but the
reason you do the Tariff is so people
will stop buying it and they'll look for
another source so in the short run is it
just a tax on uh consumers and is it
just a um a cause of
inflation yes we all understand that are
we on the same page now are the NPCs
happy that everybody understands that in
the short run the American company pays
for it so you're not you're not charging
China or Canada or
Mexico however if you commit to that
being your long-term situation you take
the entire Market away from those
countries and they're not going to put
up with that because they need to sell
cars and they need to sell
so it's a it's a negotiating
tool and it's a good
one so he's basically told Canada and
Mexico uh you're our most important
trading partners but it's not going to
stay that way because you're not doing
the basics you you're not controlling
the Border and you're not controlling
the cartels you're not doing the basics
so if you want to be our long-term
trading partner we're going to change
that
long-term short term it'll cost us some
more money longterm every one of
you longterm you're all dead and
we don't even need to do a thing for you
so you need to do this now here's what
I've said I've said this about China and
fenol that we should close our
embassies if China if you promise you're
going to stop the fenel precursor trade
and you don't do a thing we
should withdraw our Embassy and say look
this is the price of talking you do this
first because this is not
negotiable right they're acting like
it's negotiable no killing 50,000
Americans a year is not
negotiable you got to do that before we
have anything to do with you now of
course we have so much business with
them that you can't do quickly but if
you start giving them a general 20%
tariff they're going to get the idea
that in the long run you're
because you can't do this it's the
opening it's basically the ticket to the
show get rid of f Fentanyl and you can
be in the
show if you don't get rid of fentanyl we
will squeeze you until there's nothing
left cuz you got to start there
first that's what
I think Trump's doing so he makes a
phone call to the new president of
Mexico and suddenly uh the Calo cartel
is killing fentin makers themselves and
he's saying he's
GNA so the even the cartels are Tred to
get out of the business faster than the
government wants them to I think and uh
Trump basically says he's going to
release uh us knowledge about the
Mexican government government being
owned by the cartels unless they do what
he says to which I say yes now that's a
serious
play please stop sending Sentinel that's
not
serious but we're we're going to take
you out that's serious he's basically's
threatening the government of Mexico
that he's going to take him out of power
because that's what would happen if he
released the information about the
cartels now that's serious and then he
says he's also going to send the Special
Forces down to basically just kill all
the all the cartel assets and put them
out of business now will he I don't know
he will if he needs
to so I'll say that if he needs to yes
he will 100% chance you know there's
some things I say that Trump won't do
like deporting 20 million people I don't
don't think he's going to do that but
would he use the Special Forces if they
ignore him
again I think he would take out the
government and then he'd send in the
special forces and just mow along
because I think he's
done he's second term and he's done I I
think this is the most humiliating thing
that ever happened to him in office I
think China and Mexico humiliated him by
ignoring him basically and now he's
going to say you can do what you want
but I'll tell you what you're not going
to do is enjoy it do whatever you want
you're not going to enjoy it and you're
really going to be wishing you hadn't
done it
so that's the current situation that's
the Trump
effect so China would get an extra 10%
on top of the tariffs that he wants to
give them for other stuff if fentel is
still shipped to
Mexico all right now I watched a video
um that Patrick Bet David had in which
he was talking to an author of a book
which describes allegedly her um group
in as
a sex spy in an elite satanic pedo
ring
now if if this is the first you've heard
of this Elite satanic pedophile ring
running the
world your your reaction should be the
same as
mine that's probably not true I mean
there's probably not
a this is where I've been for most of my
life
I don't think there's an elite pedophile
ring running the world there certainly
there are Elite
pedophiles that's definitely true
because you they pedophiles in every
every domain so some of them are going
to be
elite but I didn't think they were
organized and I didn't think they
actually ran the world I just thought oh
well some rich people doing some heinous
crimes that's not a big surprise
but are they
organized and actually running the
world
well um if you've seen the video and I
recommend it you can find it pretty easy
Patrick B David uh the
pbd broadcast and it just happened so
you can find it pretty easily I want you
to look at it but I want you to do the
following
experiment turn on your BS indicators to
maximum and then watch that whole thing
and see if your BS meter gets
tripped because mine was edged like
crazy but it didn't
trip you know if you know what I mean
like my my BS meter was
going and it was all it was ready to go
into the red where where I was ready to
say all right none of this is true this
can't be
true and then it was over
it never went into the
red it had all kinds of signals all
kinds of signals that I was like H I
don't know I'm not so sure I believe
that never got into the red I sure
expected it to so uh so take this as a
lesson I'm trying to determine
BS I'm going to tell you what what was
starting to trigger me and then I'll
tell you why it didn't all right the
first trigger is it's too extraordinary
and to on the
nose because it just sounds like
a it sounds like an
Infowars episode just to on the nose
we've been we keep hearing about the
elite satanic pedophile rings so so the
first thing against it is two on the
nose it would be a good way to sell a
book the next thing is that the
documentary effect this is this one's
important I talk about this a lot if you
see a documentary that makes one claim
and never shows you the other side or
you don't even know if there is another
side it will be persuasive almost every
time because otherwise you wouldn't even
see it they're going to make the thing
and if it's not persuasive they won't
put it out there and if they do put it
out there and it gets any attention it's
because it's persuasive
so yeah and I always use the uh the
Michael Jackson uh documentaries as my
example there's there's a documentary
that says oh Michael Jackson definitely
did terrible things with children then
there's another documentary says this is
obviously all made up and here's the
reasons that it's all made up they are
both 100% convincing and they can't both
be true it can't be true that it
happened and true that it didn't happen
but they are 100% convincing you you
have to go through this experiment or
you won't understand the world if you
don't watch both of them it it should be
easy to find them you just Google find
out the the two Michael doc Michael
Jackson
documentaries that's the way
documentaries
work I still love documentaries but to
imagine that you're hearing the
truth that's probably the rarest thing
that probably a documentary is always
you know spun in One Direction or
another so
you've got the two on the nose and then
you've got the documentary effect which
you shouldn't trust in
general and then there's one person
talking and I'm not hearing from anybody
else but she referenced she referenced a
knowledge of a wide number of other um
victims that were victimized exactly the
way she was but we didn't hear from
them so again that's that's another red
flag if even one other person person had
said yes here's the video I made
everything she says is true I was there
at the same time
Etc I don't know then there was the
names that she she mentioned so she
acted like it was not her intention to
name names but pbd got her to do it
pretty easily the first name she
mentioned was uh and again so that I
don't get sued I'm I'm not accepting
that this is true I'm not accepting that
it's false I'm saying I can't tell so
the none of these are my claims and I
don't want to be responsible for them
but her claim is that when she was six
years old she was basically sold to
David
Rockefeller and from like the age of six
to nine she was brainwashed and trained
to be a sex slave at that age actual sex
slave at that age and
they were trying to make her he was
trying to make her a celebrity in France
so that she would be sort of a
manufactured singer celebrity because
apparently he thought he had the clout
to do that and that she would then
therefore get into sexual trist with
famous people because she would be
famous and then politicians Etc and then
he and his pedophile Network allegedly
would be able to control the World by
having the right kind of black m Assets
in
place now that's the sort of story that
you know pbd did a great job I thought
asking enough details so if she couldn't
give you any details you'd say hey hey
why aren't you giving me more details
one of the questions was she said that
she didn't know he that that was David
Rockefeller until he
died which was well after she was a
child
so she so her claim is that she spent
years going from house to house for in
David rockefeller's care he basically
was like a I know the guardian or
something for a while and that she never
heard the name
Rockefeller she only called him David
and it never occurred to him who he
was now pbd showed some
skepticism as in really I mean nobody
else mentioned the
name at all
like that doesn't sound credible she
somewhat angrily pushed back that she
was a
child and that it in and that of course
she knew who kennedies were not
kennedies of course she knew who the
Rockefellers
were uh when she became an adult but it
never connected to her that the guy
named David was a Rockefeller until he
died and she saw his picture it was like
holy hell that was a Rockefeller
does that sound real that one's hard to
believe right that's hard to believe but
is it impossible to
believe it's not
impossible it's not impossible it's hard
to believe so I would say
that's it's one little check in the box
that says H it's two on the nose I don't
hear another
witness uh you now it's starting it's
starting to be a little shaky right and
then pbd asked another great question he
said how in the world could you at the
age of nine or whatever be hanging
around with this you know
adult
and uh hanging around with this adult
and nobody asked any questions and it
wasn't obvious what your role was and
and she said yes you know there were two
of the servants in one of the houses who
were fully aware of what was going on
she assumed
and so pbd asks like like why did you
think they knew what was going on and
she looks at him and she
says they saw us in
bed and that just killed
me apparently they were servants the
kind who would bring you something while
you were still in bed and her claim was
that they would come in and do just do
their work and they were very nice to
her but that she would be in with him
and it would be obvious why she was in
bed and apparently they had been well
vetted or well
paid and they just rolled with it do you
believe
that do you believe that two
servants could be co-opted to keep their
mouth shut about
that coming into his room and seeing him
in bed with a
9-year-old does that sound true
it does because you can get people to do
anything yeah yeah unfortunately that's
not much of a that's not much of a hit
on on The credibility at all because if
any of this exists if any of it's real
it requires lots of people to do
things that unfortunately people
do now her take was that this is
definitely
satanic um that that the whole thing at
is
satanic kind of structure to it but then
not all the people involved were satanic
Believers so some of them literally were
doing performances and to set to get
sell their soul to Satan others were
just sort of going along with the Satan
thing because they were just
pedos now that part sounded
real because there's a Nuance there it's
like yeah no they weren't all satanists
but they were willing to act like it if
it helped them
so I thought hm that does sound real the
the the story where she said that they
saw her in bed that sounded real to me
because that was a
detail and if she were lying it would
have been smarter to say something like
oh he we made sure that nothing happened
in front of anybody that would be like a
normal lie but to say that no they came
in and saw us in bed that's a detail
and it doesn't sound like one you made
up now here's the big she also named a
couple other people now because it's
it's already a public thing I'll mention
them she accused Justin Trudeau's father
who was the boss in Canada at the time
of using her
services that use a PTO but that his
specific um his specific preference was
actually murdering
children so that she couldn't satisfy
him because she wasn't there to be
murdered that's a lell of a claim so I'm
not going to give you my opinion whether
that's true or not that's one person's
claim she claims that Rockefeller had to
take her to meet with a Roth's child to
ask permission for his plan to groomer
into a super sex spy and she said that
the rth child guy whoever it was uh was
not a pedo but he was definitely somehow
in charge of the world so he he was the
one who had to tell um Rockefeller that
he could do his plan but how did she
know that that guy was not a
pedo well maybe he just didn't express
it in her case I don't
know
then the part that bothers me the most
in terms of The
credibility is that she talked about
recovered memories a lot as in I didn't
remember this but then I remembered it I
didn't remember it then it came
back that is the biggest tell for
hypnosis and fake
memory generally speaking I would not
take anybody serious who said they had a
recovered
memory because recovered memories aren't
real for the most part so there's a fine
line between oh suddenly I got a
recovered memory that somebody did
something bad at me those are usually
not
real but if your regular memory captured
most of it but maybe you suddenly
remembering some
details maybe maybe but the all the
recovered Memories the ones that came to
or
later uh that is a
gigantic signal for not being true it's
not a signal that she's
lying because she did not put off a tell
of
lying she looks like she believes what
she's saying but there could be two
explanations one is false memory which
is very common by the way and the other
is that is real and she just some things
were so terrible that she forgot them
until it came
back now I'll tell you the scariest part
the scariest part believe believe it or
not there's something worse um the
scariest part is that she said she was
given some German guy uh in Germany and
stayed there to be
brainwashed and that the way she was
brainwashed is that he would choke her
to
unconsciousness and say look at this
face so that she would that she would um
associate his face with being choked to
death and that was just one of the
things he did so apparently torturing
her so so they would give her a test of
seeing if they could recognize
somebody's sexual preference by looking
at their face which is of course
something a human can't do with
regularity maybe you can get some of
some of the time so it looked like it
was a test that was set up to make sure
that she couldn't do well on it and then
the reason for that is that they could
choke her or torture her and then
associate themselves as a tortures now
the reason for that was that she would
be frightened to death of these people
because if you do it when she's young
this is this is what they call the I
call it the Indian uh elephant training
trick yeah if you've ever seen a an
Indian elephant trainer you'll see him
sometimes with a big stick and he'll be
like whing on the elephant and the
Elephant will just be like oh oh sorry I
didn't mean that okay okay all right all
right all right and you say to yourself
wait a minute that elephant could just
grab that little guy and just pound him
into the dust if he wanted to why
doesn't he and the answer is that the
little guy trained the elephant when it
was a baby so he beat the elephant when
it was a baby and then the elephant grew
up and didn't realize that it had power
over the little little guy it just
thought the little guy still could beat
it up so they basically they use the
Indian elephant trick on a
child to hurt her she
claimed um and Associate that hurt with
not not getting things right for them so
it just became like
programming
now here's the problem with that if she
were not an expert in
Persuasion she would not be able to
explain um so well
the most effective and dark form of
persuasion you'll ever hear in your life
so everything she said about how that
works
track they
tracked doesn't mean it happened I can't
say that happened or didn't happen I
don't know but it all fit together and
that would have been really hard to do
for somebody who hadn't been through it
they they wouldn't even know how if I
had asked you hey um just just describe
how to brainwash somebody to become a
sex
slave and then I said how do you do that
how many of you would come up with
choking them to
unconsciousness while giving them a test
that you knew they were going to get a
lot of wrong answers to who would have
come up with
that right that'd be hard to come up
with that if you were just using your
common sense she seems like she knew
about something like having been there
and
uh so I'll tell you I so I'll I'll
reiterate I couldn't tell if it was
real it's certainly in the category of
things that could be completely made up
because she's making money for a
book she she had a mother that
apparently had severe mental illness
could be genetic but it could have been
something that just messed her up by the
things happened in her life probably she
was sexually trafficked
probably um but maybe she added things
to the
story that's what the the memory stuff
would be it would be there was something
bad no doubt about it but
maybe maybe the story got bigger because
she was a child children can imagine
things in detail and and and then think
that they were true all their life and
never never experienced them
so I don't know I I'm solidly right on
the the fine line between this is real
and this is not real I can't tell so I I
give this just as an example of what to
look for this is a rare case where if
you look for everything and you can even
identify the things you should have F
found you still can't tell so this one
really has me my brain is scrambled on
this one I I'm usually
confident I'm not right 100% of the time
but I'm usually confident in a case like
this if somebody was lying like that I
could tell if they're lying I can't tell
this this one's a
Puzzler well there's another study that
says that uh in According to some NC
study um they looked at trainings from
people like ibam kendi and Robin
D'Angelo who were part of that woke
white people are bad part of the world
and uh they wanted to see if anti-racism
training made people more
anti-racist what do you think
happened Scott's rich guy fetish is
annoying well am I supposed to talk
about people who didn't do
anything so I'm pretty sure that the guy
who's doing doge is more interesting
than your Gardener Al your Gardener is a
fine guy and there's nothing I have
nothing against your Gardener but if you
think I'm going to do the show and talk
about your Gardener instead of
interesting people who are doing
massively important things to to the
world well you're an
idiot so go troll somebody
else anyway they found that the
anti-racism training surprise made
people more racist do you know how they
could have saved some money on this
study yes they could have just asked me
how would I have known that anti-racism
study would make people more
racist same way you did it's the most
obvious thing in the world if you make
somebody think of things in a certain
frame they will wait for it think of
things in a certain frame if you tell
people well your environment is full
fill of racism look there's some there's
some there's some let's talk about some
tonight let's let talk about something
at your job let's talk about it when you
go home let's talk about it if you fill
your head with the idea that racism is
everywhere and it's coming to get you
what are you going to see in the real
world racism everywhere coming to get
you you didn't have to do a study of
course it made things worse of course it
did and it's also um the opposite
postive
optimistic oh your systemic racism can
never be fixed all white people are
racists what could you do so no it was
obvious that the more you make people
think about racism the more racist
they'll be which brings us back to the
wisest thing that uh what's his name
actor who plays
God uh who's the actor with the who's
the black actor who about 85 now and he
always plays
god what the hell is his name you know
who I'm talking about there's a little
lag in the comments so you'll tell me in
a
second um I'll tell you what he said and
then you'll remember who it is Morgan
Freeman thank you thank you so Morgan
Freeman was asked maybe it was on 60
Minutes many years ago uh what do you do
about racism like how do you address it
and he says stop talking about it
just just stop talking about it just let
everybody be
people and the first time you hear that
you say to yourself well that's a easy
thing for an actor to say who hasn't
really he hasn't put in the work you
know he hasn't research the literature
that's easy for you to say just well
just talk oh you've already made your
money oh great you've made your money so
you don't have to worry about it but but
the rest of us should just stop talking
about it right just stop talking about
it well turns out he was exactly
right the talking about it is what makes
it a
problem I do believe the systemic racism
is
real of course it
is of course it is but I also believe
that if you act like it's real you're
going to
yourself if you act like it's not real
or that it's not going to stop you if it
is real you'll do fine it's the thinking
is real that is the problem it's not
even the racism cuz if you acted like
you didn't even know it existed you'd
end up like zubie he's got a great
life zubie just pretends it doesn't
exist and for him it doesn't if you if
you've watched him all of his
interactions you know what kind of
people are drawn to
him it it's not like 100% black people
it's just you know a full uh you know a
full compliment of just people and why
is that because he he is very
consistent and saying that he's not
being discriminated against but is he I
don't know maybe maybe in some small way
that I'm not aware of but if you act
like you're not you're not that that
will be your reality even
if technically speaking you are being
systemically you know somehow
damaged just act like you're not and
that's how you get past
it so just could have asked me about
that
one all
right um I saw a uh hypothesis and this
was on the X account Foundation
father Foundation dads that's the
account and he's talking about an Oxford
Anthropologist who has this named JD
Unwin oh what a terrible last
name his last name is spelled un n w i n
so instead being a
winner use JD
Unwin oh that's so sad terrible last
name anyway um he's uh smart and he's
studied 86 societies and civilizations
to see why they collapsed and he says
that within three generations of sexual
debauchery your civilization will
collapse so we've got like maybe half
half a generation left because we're
already in this sexual debauchery now
the way he defines
it is if your country um
values virginity until
marriage and then value staying together
after marriage even if it's not easy
then your Society will Thrive and that
would be the United States and say the
50s um you know pretty much that model
but he says that once people say I don't
need to give get married or to be a
virgin I want to just go have some fun
that what what happens then is you
basically fall apart and that's where
America is right now
now here's my take on that because you
need some
optimism today's optimism
day that pattern is very clear but we
don't know what is cause and what is
effect is is bad management of the
government the reason that families fall
apart and therefore there's more you
know more uh sexual what perversions or
whatever uh I sure that I don't I don't
think they got this cause and effect
right see if if the government did not
make it easier to get
divorced wouldn't people stay together
unhappily but they stay together if the
government did not have a way to keep
you
alive unless you got
married doesn't that create more single
people so I'm not sure it's the people
change and then that collapses the
government it seems to me that the
government changes and says yeah go do
your thing and then when you go do your
thing um everything falls
apart because you can't replace you
can't replace people and you know the if
the family unit falls apart you get more
get more bad children out of that who do
bad things so here's the good news I
think that the United States in the
current the current time has the ability
to do something like Doge and something
like electing president Trump and
something like sending reusable Rockets
into space we are sort of in a place
where the things that never worked
before could be made to work
that doesn't mean it will be so I'd keep
an eye on this you know virginity
marriage thing is probably important but
we do have the ability to say how about
you add a
robot how about uh nobody gets a
financial benefit from getting a
divorce how about uh the children who
have the most likely chance of you know
contributing get raised by a group of
people plus their parents so that you
would never let anybody just have bad
parents if they had bad parents you'd
make you'd say wait you've got a good
kid that seems to have potential but
I've got you know one bad parent or two
bad parents so we're going to we're
going to layer on top of that a lot of
contact with some high functioning
successful people so that that kid can
get some good good advice too so you
could imagine and I'm not saying I've
got the right ideas for it but you could
imagine imagine that we're smart enough
and we have enough different kinds of
options and resources that we could find
a way around it in a way that no Society
had ever done in the history of humanity
because we've done that a bunch of
times right by now we should have run
out of oil but we figured it out by now
we should have run out of food but we
figured out how to make fertilizer and
you know GMOs and stuff
so uh we we may be at a point where we
can engineer our way out of things that
would have destroyed any prior
civilization and I say that also because
of
communication today um there aren't that
many cities that are brought that are
like major cities that just
disappear because those major cities
have communication with all the other
cities in the world so if their prices
of real estate goes down enough then
people who communicate with them around
the world say wait what's the house cost
in
Detroit really $25,000 and I could have
my own house it's a lot of crime you say
well it's still worth it for that cheap
house so as long as you have
communication and a free
market most cities can decline but then
they'll decline to the point where
they're a good value and then there's a
chance they can come back now that would
never be the case in Ancient Ancient
World if you start started losing your
food source well you're screwed what are
you going to do about it ship more food
in from China nobody's shipping any food
anywhere so you're just going to die or
or let's say a uh uh the Mongols come in
and they want to burn your city and
destroy it well we're watching that you
know um Gaza is being completely
destroyed but it's still going to be
there in 20 years probably because when
the
winds down it's probably a place that
they're going to rebuild so and probably
most of the same people will be there so
I don't know if the the situation exists
where entire cities or civilizations can
disappear I think they'll
morph but they're more likely to find a
solution to whatever their biggest
problem is than any time in
history uh the seed of Satan down below
didn't see that
all right so as far as I can tell
everything's going our
way um it's hard to see the exceptions
to
that
um and um that's all I got for you today
everything's going your way I think the
economy is going to do better I think
the government debt is going to get
under control I think robots are coming
it's all looking good all right I'm
going to go talk to the locals people
privately for a little minute they get
some special time and thanks for joining
on YouTube and Rumble and X here I come
locals
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e