good morning everybody and welcome to
coffee with Scott Adams the best thing
you've ever seen in your whole darn life
and it's going to be amazing today
there's a whiteboard so don't don't
leave before you see that it's G to be
great and if you like this experience to
go to levels that nobody's seen oh I
don't know for thousands of years all
you need is a cuper mgar glass a tanker
Chalice of Stein a canteen jurt flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee join me
now for the unparallel pleasure oh it
looks like I've got problem on my live
stream uh the dop the of the day thing
that makes everything better except my
live stream it's called the simultaneous
Sip and happens now
go
that's
good now let's see what my problem is so
it looks like rumble's not
moving Rumble is
dead stream was ended or deleted at the
destination streams key Oh My Stream key
well look at that bad stream
key all right um the uh streaming key
that I'm using for
rumble uh I believe it's an
alpha technology so I'm one of the early
adopters they may be tweaking it still
so rumble's not working today but we'll
probably get that up and
working hey new audio uh badge thank you
I love
that all right so I shall we talk about
all the
things it's quite a
thing all right now number one uh what
up M colonizers that's going to be my
new uh
catchphrase what up my
colonizers now remember a colonizer is a
word that can only be used by white
people it's it's like the NW but for
white people so we can call it the CW
but somebody already used the CW for
that other word
so um I remind you that when uh people
call you a colonizer they are marking
you for death
literally if somebody calls you a
colonizer they're putting you in the
othering category of people people who
can be murdered later and let me say it
as clearly as possible that's not
hyperbole that's a literal definition of
where we're heading unless something
changes but if it becomes okay to call
people
colonizers you're eventually going to
get killed the odds are very high
so uh nobody can use that word except
people who are colonizers apparently
such as
myself uh Mike Ben reminds us of this
good rule I love this rule if you see an
article that refers to quote
researchers Mike Ben says those
researchers they're always the
CIA I don't know if that's true 100% of
the time but it's a good uh it's good
rule of
thumb as Mike Ben
says um here's an example of Bloomberg
had an article that said quote
researchers said that X the platform X
was unreliable with information the
researchers said that I guess those
researchers looked into it so in your
head just translate researchers to CIA
and then you'll have a different sense
of what's going on and of course
blueberg is not real news if you didn't
know that yeah Bloomberg is one of the
names pretty heavily associated with
fake news they have lots of real news I
mean Bloomberg does have real stories
but uh they they did a headpiece on me a
few years ago it was just
garbage you know the stories about
public figures are always false but uh
theirs was really
false all right let's say let's say you
were a clever person and you wanted to
take Elon Musk uh completely out of the
game the take him off the chessboard
because he didn't like his politics or
let's say you wanted to get rid of the a
platform and you could do that by
getting rid of Elon Musk as well how
would you do it well here's how I'd do
it I would first get my cronies to pass
a law that says that you can't have a
lot of
disinformation on your social
media but but you know that's always
been the case right we we always didn't
want to have a lot of disinformation and
hate speech and stuff like that then I
would create some Watchdog groups and
I'd put my cronies in there and then I'd
have all my friends say hey according to
our factchecking group this xplatform is
send again a lot of
disinformation and then I would have my
people who were also my
croes I would have them uh put the
platform and a business send them a
threatening letter and says you're full
of
disinformation and then when they ask
you to prove it you just say well look
at these fact Checkers who are my
friends and then you say can the fact
Checkers show me the
evidence uh change the subject no but
can you actually show me where all the
disinformation is and could you put it
in context so I could see if the
disinformation on the xplatform is
better or worse than other platforms or
even the local
news nope so that's how I do
it so in a completely unrelated Story
the EU has already sent a letter to elen
musk telling him that according to their
fact Checkers who are basically have the
same pay masters in a sense uh that
they've decided there's too much
misinformation and uh the EU might to uh
might want to close
down close down the xplatform from their
territories so this put this under the
category of everything you thought was
happening is probably happening like
every conspiracy theory you ever thought
of every one of them yeah all the
factchecking is fake but in this case
even the law is fake that they created a
fake law just to get rid of x because
it's the only place that there's any
free speech there there is a really
strong push to get rid of all free
speech you know and I used to not say
that I used to think no it's just
political nobody wants to get rid of
Free Speech but it's pretty clear now
that that is exactly the goal to get rid
of free speech so that the side that
thinks is right it doesn't have to deal
with any descent so it really is uh a
huge part of the world trying to get rid
of free speech I don't think they
thought it
through well the best stories that are
happening lately in terms of interesting
as opposed to bloody and horrible we'll
also get to the bloody horrible stuff um
is Harvard so you probably heard that a
bunch of Harvard students got together
put out some kind of statement and they
were affiliated with a whole bunch of
different organizations within within
Harvard but I don't think they used
their actual names I think they wanted
some
anonymity uh but they came out in favor
of the Palestinian view of things and
opposed to Israel's
actions now that is not really very
popular in the country right now but
number of people Harvard did that but it
gets better gets better so Lauren
Summers tweeted this I told you this the
other day he tweeted that in nearly 50
years of Harvard affiliation I have
never been as disillusioned and
alienated as I am today now remember
Lauren Summers is you know he's worked
there he's really well identified with
Harvard and then I saw this tweet in
response from Nathan kofus just somebody
on
Twitter uh who said to Larry Summers
liberal Boomer Jews now the speaker is
also Jewish you should have that context
liberal Boomer Jews who helped create
the system will spend the rest of their
lives being surprised by the fact that
Jews rank at the bottom of the new
racial
hierarchy according to
Harvard then he goes on Nathan says I
was rejected from Harvard when Lawrence
Summers was
President maybe if he created an
admission system that favored more
people like me and fewer affirmative
action anti-semites 18 years later he
wouldn't be so quote disillusioned and
alienated
ouch oh my
God and then then he finishes it off
with but in Larry's mind I'm sure it
will remain a mystery how this could
have
happened
ouch
 uh Nathan
kofus you're you're good with your
arguments that that felt like a stake
right through his heart
yeah Lauren Summers you caused this
thing that makes you hate your Elma moer
you destroyed the most respected higher
education
entity in the country I mean you could
argue was
I
wow hey but there's more there's
more um
so it started with uh let's see uh Ian
Bremer was tweeting on October 8th he
said a large number of Harvard student
organizations so this is what I
mentioned before just with some details
blaming Israel solely for Hamas
terrorist attacks killing 700 and then
Ian Bremer says can't imagine who would
want to identify with such a group
Harvard parents talk to your educated
kids about
this so Bill lman sees this
tweet and uh you know adds his own
thoughts now bill lman is a very famous
hedge fund manager and often he says
political things in social media so he's
he's sort of a big
voice I'm not entirely
sure if he identifies as democrat or
republican which I feel like I want to
give him a standing ovation for that's
pretty rare I've I've actually read
quite a few of Bill amman's opinions I
actually don't know if he's left or
right so good for you Bill lman now I
don't I don't agree with all of his
opinions but I actually can't tell if
he's lean Democrat and Republican and my
God that's that's like a National Asset
so people like him who you actually
can't tell which way you
go that really is like a a resource you
know that's like an asset for the
country even if you don't agree with him
at least you know he's not just a team
player all right so Bill akman who is
well known to everybody in business you
know every CEO in the world would know
his name uh he says this I have been
asked by a number of CEOs if Harvard
would release a list of the members of
each of the Harvard organizations that
have issued the letter assigning sole
responsibility for Hamas heus acts on
Israel so as to ensure that none of us
inadvertently hire
any of their
members if in fact their members support
the letter they have released the names
of the signator should be made public so
their views are publicly
known one should not be able to hide
behind a corporate Shield meaning I
guess Harvard and its clubs when issuing
statements supporting the actions of
terrorists who we now learn have
beheaded babies among other
inconceivably Despicable Acts
um now uh I replied to this by saying uh
I don't know anyone who would hire a
person with pronouns in their social
media bio because it's a strong signal
for trouble but now we have another nogo
and I was thinking I feel like we need
KL Harris to sort this out because the
ven diagram of people who put pronouns
in the social media bios compared to the
people who might blame Israel for Hamas
murdering their
children might be quite a bit of you
know ven diagram overlap there a little
bit
overlap possibly anyway uh medy Hassan
of
MSNBC responds to bill akman you know
saying that that they don't want to
accidentally hire anybody who supports
terrorists now just hold this in your
mind so Bill Amman is saying in effect
they want to make sure they don't
accidentally hire somebody who's
supporting
terrorists does that seem reasonable
seems pretty reasonable to me many husan
says you don't believe in free
speech is any of this about Free
Speech no it's about the content of your
free speech the content still matters
and Megan Kelly uh you know responded to
medy Hassan by
Said by saying maybe it's me but it
feels like an applicant's open support
for terrorism including the decapitation
of babies is indeed the kind of free
speech an employer should consider
before hiring a
person and
boom Med Hassan your game is up Med
Hassan so so we certainly have reached
the uh the peak of wokeism at
Harvard because this this was the part
we needed and again Bill amman's like a
national treasure for even doing this
because it takes it takes a lot of guts
to come right out and say we should not
hire people like this it's very close to
saying don't hire the woke which I say
no hire the woke you you'd be a
idiot to hire any everybody with
pronouns in their bio not because
they're not awesome people many of them
probably awesome people but it is such a
strong signal that they're going to
cause
trouble why would you put up with that
so I wouldn't hire anybody with a with
their pronouns and their bio but again
many of them would be great employees
they're you know just going along with
the trend or whatever but I wouldn't
take a chance that's just such a big
signal for
problems and uh supporting Hamas is is a
pretty big signal
too I've got a question for you and it
this has to do with the fact that most
humans can't handle any topic that has
more
than maybe five
variables which is understandable five
variables in any topic is really it
actually is kind of hard to put your
mind around it and I've fallen for the
problem as well you I'm not immune to
that but when you look at is I I see a
lot of people talking about past uh
excellent peace deals that Israel has
offered that were turned
down do you think that they were
intentionally um like really good
deals and that when the uh Palestinians
or whoever they're negotiating with when
they looked at them do you think that
the Palestinians thought that they were
good deals well they turned them all
down so apparently not but here's the
real question question I ask you given
that we know that these populations that
Israel would have been negotiating with
uh harbored a whole lot of people I
don't know what percentage but it was a
lot of people in a raw number um who
want to kill all the Jews and Destroy
Israel as a country and they're going to
stop at nothing to do
it my question is
this Israel isn't stupid
right so under what situation would they
ever want to make peace with an entity
that's filled with people who want to
kill them and that entity is not trying
to stop them from doing it in fact it
might be encouraging them might even be
funding them why would you want to build
up a very prosperous Society that's has
too many people in it that want to kill
your people like murder your babies that
would be
stupid it it never made sense for Israel
to do a pie steal it never made sense it
did make sense to
pretend that made sense and it probably
made sense for the Palestinians to
pretend because I think they knew it
wasn't going to happen just
speculating
but there was only one direction this
could go and do you know what that
direction
was eventually the bad guys
Hamas would do a bigger attack and would
kill enough people that Israel would
finally have what it has needed all
along which is a free past to take care
of what it needs to take care of so
where we are now is not the uh terrible
terrible mistake of history I mean it's
horrible it's horrible Beyond even
imagination but it was also the only way
it could go the design of the system
guaranteed we would be here just not
what year it would happen the the only
question Mar was well is it going to
happen this year five years from now but
it had to happen because the bad guys
were getting stronger and stronger and
they weren't just going to sit there
getting stronger they were going to
deploy their forces when they did
finally
finally uh at Great cost and nobody
would have imagined this much of a cost
but at Great cost Israel finally got its
freedom it freedom to do it needs to do
which will be absolutely
horrible now if you say to me Scott are
you making a moral equivalence between
this or that my answer is you you
stupid no I'm not making any
moral equivalents
ever you don't even have to ask me the
question no I'm never making a moral
equivalence I just don't do that I talk
about things that are bad and they might
be you know maybe I'll talk about one
side today and maybe later I'll talk
about the other side but no I I'm just
trying
to let me take a little detour
here some of you have probably already
noticed that if all you're trying to do
is say let's say put your opinion into
this the Israel war
situation that if you even if you're
backing the team that you should be
backing at this
point if you don't say it right that
team will destroy
you I want to be clear about that right
I'm I'm as pro- Israel as you could
possibly be and have been for long as I
can remember
but if I say anything that's not um
100% looks like it's supportive or even
if you could interpret it as whoa what
did you leave out there Scott you know
like people are just looking for ways to
misinterpret you so I've never been in a
situation where people were more looking
for ways to misinterpret you so it's a
really dangerous time to be in public
public figures and I've noticed it with
a number of public figures who clearly
do not have Despicable views but they
just worded something in a certain way
you a little carelessly and man they're
getting killed
so be really careful what you say in
public okay that said there's something
I do need to tell you about the war but
I'm only going to tell the people on
locals because there isn't any way that
because that's private later I'll tell
them after after the show uh because
there are some things that I can't say
in the general public because the the
atmosphere is just too
hot right it doesn't doesn't change
anything doesn't change who I support
doesn't change my opinion won't change
your opinion opinion either won't change
anybody's opinion so don't worry about
it it was just a little insight that I
can't say in public that's all I I'll
say it within the small public group
after the show
um so here's my uh bottom line it never
would have made sense for Israel to make
peace with its neighbors while its
neighbors were full of people who wanted
to kill them and nothing was going to
stop them the only thing that will stop
him is just not being there or being
dead and so now Israel has the freedom
to make both of those things happen so
there won't be too much left of Hamas
when they're done all right or Gaza I'm
sure um see I did it again now watch
this I said there won't be too much of
Gaza left how easy would it be for
somebody to take that in a context and
say oh he's celebrating the death of uh
women and children in
Gaza
no I don't want anybody to die
I don't want anybody to suffer except
the bad guys just period but it's also a
fact that there's no way to get that
there's no way for me to have what I
want there's no way for you to have what
you want either this is not about what
anybody
wants none of this is about what you
want this is just
power whoever exhibits the most power
will get some Advantage there's no right
or wrong well there it is again
imagine how easy it would be to take
that out of context there's no right or
wrong immediately that turns into really
oh they're equivalent are you are you
saying that they're equivalent on both S
no I never say
that I never say that but you see the
landmines right like even as I'm talking
you could take almost anything I say as
an individual sentence and say you know
you really didn't show enough difference
to the one side that's the victims you
just can't avoid it we're we're in a
we're in a landmine situation where if
you want to cross the field just get
used to the fact you're going to stand
you're going to walk on a landmine
you're not going to get to the other
side of the field with both legs it's
just not going to happen we're not in
that environment now I'm already
canceled so I can handle it like I could
probably take another hit
but the rest of you I'd lay low honestly
I definitely
think twice before you post anything on
this topic it's just too it's just too
toxic too
dangerous all right um let me give you a
whiteboard of whiteboards the
presentation that you've all been
waiting for I'd like to explain how we
got
here and by the way you could call this
an
opinion but it's also just true I'll
make sure you can both see this don't
worry all right so I've got two cameras
so you're not all going to see it as
easily but uh I'll put the photo online
it's already it's already on my Twitter
feed so here's the
idea uh how fake news destroyed the
planet at the moment we're telling
ourselves oh these these people are bad
or these people are bad and you know
their forces and the government's not
doing enough and you know why is black
lives matter supporting the bad guys and
you all this stuff I think that's all
diversion there is one source of the
problem that is destroying the planet
there's just one it's fake
news just fake news now remember the
fake news people are also the people who
built the wor we looking for
disinformation so the fake news and the
fact Checkers are the same people
that's a real dangerous situation it's
the ultimate dangerous situation and
outside of the one% of people who pay
attention 99% of the public doesn't know
that the news is fake they actually
don't know now when I say that most
people think I know what you're saying
Scott you're saying the MSNBC is fake
but you know the the ones on the right
are all real no I'm not saying that I'm
not saying that the news is fake right
it's different kinds of fakes in
different places but it's not real news
all right so the fake news uh told us of
President Trump uh that he was colluding
with Russia which would make him a
traitor that he said uh that neo-nazis
were fine people which he never said he
said the opposite that would make him a
racist and that he said you should drink
bleach to get rid of your Co never said
that that was also a hoax but if he had
it would have been stupid so the fake
news told the public every
day that there was Russian collusion
find people hoax drink bleach you got a
traitor a racist super guy and if you
ever elected him it would be the end of
the world so instead they gave us Biden
and then Biden gave us the Ukraine war
the Israel war and open borders which is
the end of the United
States this is actually the end of the
world if if we kept going in this
direction it is not survivable I just
want to say that as clearly as possible
we we have a system at the moment that
is not
survivable this is an existential threat
the fake
news has
reached not just annoying levels not
just
influential it is now our biggest
existential potential risk it will
determine where we put our limited money
it will determine if we spend ourselves
into debt forever it will keep the worst
people in office it will keep the best
people out of office it will make uh
countries fight each other for the wrong
reasons it will make the the nation
itself turn against each other for
reasons that didn't have to happen at
all they will give you CRT ESG and Dei
and these guys will tell you those are
good ideas and they will absolutely
destroy the
planet so every time somebody tells you
this the problem is something else
that's not fake news they're wrong
everything flowed from that you can't
think of anything that you would
identify as a problem that did not flow
directly directly not indirectly but
directly from fake news
and that ladies and gentlemen is the
filter that you need to understand more
than any
other now how many of you had thought of
it this way does this this is a
reframe how many of you thought of this
reframe some of you had that's
good yeah so
almost everything comes from the same
problem area and as far as I know the
only person who's pushing back is Elon
Musk do you know why he's the only
person pushing back there's an obvious
reason well two obvious reasons why he
the only one pushing
back number one he's the richest man in
the
world which really helps I I can't tell
you how many how many different ways
that makes life easier if you had if you
hadn't figured it out it definitely
gives you some pow other people doing
but the other one is he has balls of
steel he he's the only person I know
who's building companies that will kill
people absolutely guaranteed and he just
says it directly yeah getting to Mars
will kill people but we have to do it
yes electric cars and self-driving cars
it's going to kill some people but if
you stay with it you'll get to the point
where the self-driving car could
eliminate almost all traffic accidents
including drunk driving so he's he's
willing to push through
death you death like that doesn't even
slow him down yeah people are going to
die but we have to get to this thing
that's leadership right but it's also
bows of Steel so we can't lose the
xplatform form it is really the last
place that anything like free speech
exists all right next
story
um so Jonathan greenlet of the ADL is
getting a lot of um TV
time um you might know that he and I are
not friends because he's tried to
destroy me for madeup
reasons literally tried to destroy me
personally and professionally for madeup
reasons that's just a fact right um
however given the events the recent
events um I'm how to
decide so at the moment you know we have
a common enemy so as long as we have a
common enemy Jonathan greenblat you were
my
friend um just despite trying to destroy
me
I'm hoping you're over that let's hope
we can get past that at the moment I'm
100% on his
side and here's one of the things he
said that I agree with him totally he
was on
MSNBC and after giving a very emotional
and
impassioned um talk about how bad things
are in Israel right now uh he blasted
MSNBC because there script on the
teleprompter refer to the
Hamas terrorists as quote
fighters
fighters and Jonathan greenblat says
quite
reasonably why are you calling
terrorists
Fighters that's a good question isn't it
it's a really good question and I like
the fact that he called him out on it
and he called him out on MSN NBC while
he was on
it that was first of all pretty strong
second of all he's completely right he's
completely right the choice of words
really does matter and that choice of
words is pretty suspicious so I'm glad
he glad he called them out on that uh
they're not Fighters they are they're
monsters they're terrorists and as soon
as you imagine or anything else you're
you're
lost all right and so question that I
ask uh because of that is um will
Jonathan greenblat the ADL uh try to get
rid of the advertising on
MSNBC um as he did on the xplatform when
he thought that they were being a little
anti-semitic or a lot anti-semitic in
that case probably not no he he said he
loves un medicine VC he's a big
fan um but I'd ask the question if if
they were to continue calling the Hamas
terrorists
Fighters do you think he shouldn't go
after their
advertising I think you should you know
based on his own standard for that stuff
all right uh black lives matter out in
Chicago and I haven't seen anybody else
make this distinction but can we all
agree that whenever you're talking about
an organization you're not talking about
every person who's ever associated with
them right my guess is that most people
who have associated with black lives
matter were had good intentions wanted
to make the world a better place but uh
somebody in leadership I don't know if
it's all of leadership or just some
member of black lives matter
Chicago
um has has said a few things such as all
the captives the Israeli uh people who
were captured were military and Generals
which is absolutely not true you making
it look like it isn't so bad that they
have hostages my god
um
and and they're also they put out some
other things that were clearly
supportive of the U
Hamas
now uh there's a I saw a tweet from a uh
somebody who's basing the context
obviously a Jewish woman on the
xplatform who when she saw what black
lives matter Chicago was putting out
their opinions about this uh tweeted
this Jews marched in uh Jews marched in
Selma Jews marched for George Floyd Jews
showed up for black lives matter BLM is
a
disgrace uh we will all still be there
for you guys next time because that's
who we are but now we know who you
are okay so first of all it's a little
unclear if uh this is a Daniela green
bomb Davis who's saying this it's a
little unclear if she's saying she
doesn't think that Jews well she's
really speaking for herself but she says
we uh will be there for you guys who is
you guys is you guys BLM because she
just said BLM are horrible people are
they going to be there for that or do
they mean just black Americans will be
there for black Americans so it's a
little unclear but um there's a punch
line coming all right wait for the
punchline and by punchline I don't mean
funny there's just a part to the story
that pulls it all together so black
lives matter Chicago is being awful
Daniela green bomb Davis on the
xplatform says hey you know Jews have
supported you and now you're selling
this out
basically who is uh who is this Danielle
Green bom Davis look at the profile a
former producer a for for what
show The
View The
View former producer for the
view is done with
BLM now if you're looking for um what
I'll call the turning point for
wokeness and you're going to say to
yourself man this feels like a turning
point like if if Harvard is now reviled
black lives matter is
reviled um and and people who have uh
you know who are support people from
Harvard can't get jobs in some cases
have we reached some kind of
bottom here's my view not even
close not even close because people
don't change their minds because the
facts changed we don't live in that kind
of a world people just double down with
whatever they're thinking or get angry
or something act down but they don't
change the mind too much I do believe
that Minds will change but it's going to
take a whole lot more so I think Minds
in America won't change until something
that looks a lot like um the Hamas
attack on Israel which is definitely
coming so the number of people we've let
through the uh the borders recently and
this is a uh let's see from Bill maluan
tweet so internal cpb data at the border
says these are the people who crossed
illegally over the last two years from
suspicious countries now the people the
individuals might not be
specifically uh suspicious but they come
from places that are filled with
terrorists so Syria 538 Yemen 139 Iran
659 people
659 illegal Iranian
immigrants now I assume that means
that's how many they caught because you
know how else would they know they came
and that they're
illegal uh then like Pakistan 1600 Egypt
3100 usbekistan 13,000 morania 16,000
turkey
31,000 so the these are people coming
from places that have known ties to
terrorism at least somebody's people
within the public have
ties do you know what this didn't
include so this is the number who came
in illegally do you know what it did not
include the people who walked right up
to the border and said I need
Asylum I think that's a bigger number
isn't it like way
bigger so we're letting in some tens of
thousands of people who are largely
guaranteed to have within that big group
some percentage of
terrorists it took a thousand
terrorists to bring Israel to its
knees and you know create this massive
response a
thousand we've easily brought in a
thousand terrorists now we have a much
bigger country so it'd be harder but
they could they could mess up a city
pretty
badly
so
if you don't think we're going to have a
Israel like situation whether it's the
cartels or I don't know radical Islamic
something we will the reason we will is
because we've designed the system to
guarantee it just as I said Israel
situation where Making Peace really
never made sense so pretending to make
peace was your best play
until reaction you know there was a big
attack and then you could get the
freedom to do what you needed that's our
situation right now we're basically just
Israel you know minus a few years we're
GNA have this on our
soil and you don't have to wonder
because we've designed a system that
guarantees it the only thing it doesn't
guarantee is the date so if we just keep
it open and keep bringing people in from
parts of the world that have big
populations of terrorists and we're not
doing a good job of
checking there isn't any other
alternative
but it has to
happen if you say to yourself oh what
can we do to prevent this gigantic
bloody attack which will be the worst
thing America's ever seen the answer is
nothing because we have to have the
attack our design requires it and also
so does the solution
because until you get rid of the
wokeness you can't fix anything and it
will take massive amount of Bloodshed
before people will change their minds
and say you know what I really like
wokeness but I like staying alive even
better
so I say this with all knowledge of the
horrific um pain and bloodshed that's
happening in Israel nobody wants it but
it was a necessary
step given the design of the system the
design of the system in their case is
that people who want to kill Israelis
are living next to Israelis that's the
design that design only has one
direction it can only go the way it went
we have to we have to do the same thing
in
America
um some of us won't
survive because there will be a lot of
death that happens but there's no other
way
you you have to go through you're going
to have to go through an is Israel war
situation in America before we can
deprogram the people who think that
letting everybody in is a good idea I
don't see any other way where here's
what won't happen we're not going to
look at Israel and learn a
lesson do you
agree we're not that smart we're going
to look at Israel and say well that
won't happen here right it has to happen
here and it will happen here I'm not I'm
not trying to will it into existence I
don't want it to happen but it's
guaranteed we've designed a system that
guarantees it we just don't know
when so I'll be staying away from public
areas
forever uh here's something that makes
you scratch your head and say um is
everything as rigged and terrible and
corrupt as you imagine and the answer is
yes yes everything is rigged and corrupt
as you imagine listen to this so Jeff
Clark uh tweeted this he was a I think
he was a attorney he was uh worked for
the Department of
Justice uh he did anyway he
said I'll just read you the first part
and then I'll summarize the rest he said
yesterday the North Carolina General
Assembly overruled two gubernatorial
vetos trying to block election reform so
in
English the general assembly you know
passed two laws about election reform
and the governor um tried to um veto
them but the assembly had such a
majority that they could overrule the
vetto so oh oh how interesting is it a
Democrat Governor I didn't look at that
fact but kind of assumed it so here are
the things that the governor wanted to
stop but the assembly by an overwhelming
majority apparently because they
overrode the vetos but the the majority
of the assembly wanted and thought these
were good rules let me just give you a
sense of what the Democrat Governor
didn't want as
law let's see
um prohibits private non-governmental
funding including in kind donations of
election
activities example Zucker bucks so it
would make it illegal for somebody like
a Zuckerman to put a ton of money in
that would have any influence on the
system at least in North Carolina North
Carolina uh they would retention of
election records for 22
months who who would disagree with
retention of Records you know keeping
them longer nobody about provides
clarification to Authority and
restrictions for poll observers oh more
clarity of how poll observation works is
that a problem same day registering
addresses are checked in returning mail
will trigger retrieval of voted regular
ballots so just a process stuff extends
absy ballots for five days ballot
challenges for five days very normal
stuff uh poll closing
times um makes it a misdemeanor crime
for anyone other than the Board of
Elections to fix a tracking code to
absentee ballot requests and that seems
like pretty basic stuff uh pilot test
for signature
verification uh a new process for
removing non-citizens from voter lists
did any of that sound
unamerican what was there anything on
that list that sounded like anything but
a good
idea and the the Democrat Governor tried
to kill it
twice well there were two different
bills that tried to kill it everything
is exactly as corrupt as you think it is
because the the effort to remove
opportunities for
corruption was violently disagreed with
by the
governor I mean it it's so obvious now
it's just so
obvious all right uh let me counter
something I saw on social media before
before I go private with the locals
people give them a little extra um I've
been seeing the
argument which is you know unambiguously
racist that uh the problem in the Middle
East is low
IQs because uh the the terrorists are
you know all dumb so they're they're
being sold this violent ideology and
they believe it and the people around
them are also so dumb that they let it
happen and support
it I disagree with with that analysis
and here's what's wrong with it you
don't have to be dumb to be persuaded to
do ridiculously dangerous
self-destructive
things there a as a trained hypnotist
let me tell you for sure there's no
difference between smart people and dumb
people with hypnosis in fact that's one
of the first things you learn one of the
first things you learn is you can't tell
the difference by IQ experience
confidence it's not predictable smart
people are just as easily
hypnotized what do you think that Lauren
Summers knew what he was doing when he
was part of changes that turned Harvard
into a place that even he doesn't
respect do you think he understood where
that was
going probably not and is Larry Summers
or Lauren Summers is he a smart guy yeah
you you wouldn't want to compete against
them on an IQ test you're super smart
like you don't get you don't get out of
Harvard you know without being super
smart at least when he went to Harvard
so yes there's no such thing as being
too smart to be influenced it's not a
thing even even to the point of you know
massive
violence very easy to influence
people uh Michael M says it's easier to
train a smart dog all right since you
said
it I wasn't going to say
this what when I learned
hypnosis I did learn that smart people
were easier to hypnotize I wasn't going
to say it but Mikel mice said it so I'll
just agree with him and there was a
theory to it and the theory was that
dumb people were um too afraid so they
they weren't sort of relaxing they they
weren't buying into it they were just
like oh I think he's going to turn me
into a zombie now hypnosis doesn't turn
people into
zombies but the smart people you would
say hey it's not going to turn you into
a zombie it's just a process um you
could you know get up and walk away
anytime you want um and if you'd like
you could do your own research you know
Google it see if anybody's ever in the
history of the world done anything that
they didn't want to do while they're
under hypnosis now people do interesting
things like in stage hypnosis but the
trick for that is that some people don't
mind doing weird things on stage so the
the stage hypnotist knows how to pick
people who will do things so it has
nothing to do with the hypnosis it's
that he picked the right people who
would do things basically that's the
trick so uh they're also hypnotized
they're the they're they're well
hypnotized but they're people who in
addition to being hypnotizable are not
especially embarrass Ed doing things on
stage so the idea is that the smart
people would go along with the process
because they wouldn't be afraid of it
whereas the dumb people just reject it
you like I I don't know about this so
I'm going to stay away from it now I
would
argue that something similar happened uh
during
Co the the uh lower educated people
often said
where's this shot coming from I don't
trust that at
all end of a
story smart people said look I did my
own research I I checked the data that
the people who make it gave me uh I
didn't need to check anything else
because the people who made it you know
they got good data and so I checked that
data and it says everything's fine
improves my odds so unlike you dumb
people uh I use my smartness to know
that this was a good risk and so I got
the shot in 15 boosters
too
so the you know and again I don't want
to overgeneralize you know there were
smart people who didn't get the booster
there were dumb people who did get the
booster but as a general statement smart
people talk themselves into it would you
agree with that would you agree that
smart people talk themselves into it and
people who were maybe not as capable at
looking at the s
said you know I I don't have the skills
to look into this
myself not like you smart people who
think you looked at the data and made up
your own minds I don't I don't know just
tell me who's promoting it oh
really the people who are going to make
billions of dollars whip this out in a
few months no thanks I'll take my odds
with the you know weaponized virus I'm
not sure it ever made sense to take your
chance with a weaponized virus but
that's a whole other topic
now thanks for joining on the platforms
that worked Twitter and YouTube i g to
say goodbye to you guys and uh talk
privately to the people over at locals
let's go private over
here bye for now see you
tomorrow