hey everybody come on in
you found it yeah it's the best place in
the world to be right now and it's
because there's a little thing coming up
and I think some of you know what it is
hey Omar some of you know what it is
it's coming it's coming real soon it's
called the seventh thing you step in all
you need is do you know what you need
yeah a cup or glass of tanker chalices
tying the canteen jug there flask if
that's a live any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee enjoyed me
now for the unparalleled pleasure that
dopamine here the day the thing that
makes everything better including the
damn pandemic it's called the
simultaneous epitaph is now go mm-hmm
I can feel my ace two inhibitors
restricting keeping the coronavirus
helps you know I had this weird feeling
yesterday my my town as far as I know
we've had basically zero coronavirus in
my town which means that I and everyone
in my town have been just sort of play
acting at the plague and we're all
walking around with a little mass with
everything now I get the idea that if we
don't all do it you never know who has
it and who doesn't and you know you have
to all act like at least act like you
have it or it's or is everywhere but
it's sort of this weird absurd
realization that I've been living in a
reality that doesn't exist in other
words I've been I've been existing in at
least mentally in a reality in which
there's coronavirus on every surface and
the reality might be in my specific town
maybe none maybe none but we're not
going to take the chance so
keep your best Kalon I say there's a
year so here's a question for you and
this was suggested to be on locals and I
want to see if anybody's had this
experience if you go in and you get a
test for coronavirus and it's positive
they'll often tell you to come back in
two weeks to test again to see if you're
if you're no longer positive if you test
positive the second time do they count
that as one person who tested positive
or two I think you know the end of that
right it just feels to me there's
probably not the same people testing
each time and probably every time they
get a positive test result they check it
off
check positive so that might be at least
one source of inaccurate counting but on
the other side there was a I think it
was a Yale researcher who said that
based on the unexplained extra deaths
before we knew there was a corona virus
meaning that probably the corona virus
was killing people before we knew it
that he estimates that the number of
actual corona virus virus deaths might
be one to one and a half more than
what's reported now let's say that's
true in the United States I don't I
don't have a reason to think that's true
but let's say it is he's a he was a Yale
guy see look to know what he was talking
about one and a half times more than we
have we're pushing a hundred thousand so
that'd be like close to a quarter
million people have already died already
quarter million people I feel like we
would know that that doesn't quite
doesn't quite pass the sniff test all
right
have you seen the probably you have by
now the viral video of it's got to be
viral by now of Joe Biden doing a
interview with Charlamagne tha God now
if you don't know who Charlemagne to the
guy
it is important to the story to know
that he is black because the quote from
Joe Biden is and and I'll read it but
keep in mind that you're gonna be
hearing it so out of context which will
be the second part of my story so what
so what Joe Biden said that he was sort
of closing up the interview with
Charlamagne tha God he goes quote if you
have a problem figuring out whether
you're for me or Trump then you ain't
black and then Charlie Bain quickly said
quote it don't have nothing to do with
Trump has to do with the fact I want
something for my community now I have to
tell you that several people send me
this clip this morning and the context
that people said it to me was Biden has
gaffed again he's gaffed again well you
know how we always talk about how the
the left has always taken in by these
selective video edits you know that they
got taken by the charlottesville hoax i
got taken in by other people by the
covington kids hoax so we know the
videos misleading right like we know a
video is misleading and this is one of
them so there i saw two clips there's a
short one that's what I just mentioned
we're really just you mostly just see
Biden saying what sounds like an awkward
thing to say if you have a problem
figuring out whether you're for me or
Trump then you ain't black you know he
says that jokingly now if you saw that
by itself it just looks like a gaffe it
just looks like wha why would you say it
that way it's just weird
it looks awkward but if you see just a
little bit more of it it completely
changes it so so watch out for this
video it's it's pretty misleading so
here's what here's the context that
you're missing yeah it's not a gaffe at
all in fact I give them an A+ so
you've seen these savage Biden right I
mean there aren't too many people who
have been tougher on it and that I have
so if I give him a good grade on
something I think she you should take
that as credible because I'm I'm quite
biased in the other direction and here's
what I saw if you saw the slightly
larger clip the two of them have serious
chemistry that's the part you miss if
you don't see how good their chemistry
is and you see Charlemagne talking very
warmly to Biden and inviting him over
and stuff and it seems very genuine once
you understand that the two of them have
a genuine chemistry then suddenly the
context completely changes and yeah
Biden can say absolutely anything
because once you see that they're you
know they're just so friendly and so
comfortable with each other then it just
is obviously just Biden joking around
and by the way he did it really well
really well and here's what I mean by
that by by his by his ability to just
put it out there so comfortably it kind
of tells the story that he's very very
comfortable with Charlamagne tha God and
by extension you say to yourself he
likes black people Joe Biden likes black
people that's what I got out of it if
you got anything else like it was
awkward or whatever you probably saw the
short clip just see a little bit more
and you're gonna tell yourself if black
people watch that clip
they are gonna like it Joe Biden because
it is unmistakable that he likes them
it's really strong it's really strong
strong enough that Trump has to be
careful that meaning you know I think I
may have underestimated Biden's appeal
because he sell he sells a genuine a
genuine chemistry that I don't think you
can fake honestly I don't think he could
fake that like he's just not that good
that you can fake that that looks real
to me
and if it registers is real to the black
community he's gonna get a lot of votes
well we know he will anyway but so I'm
gonna be a contrarian on that one that's
another gaff that was a home run if you
see the whole clip let's see what else
we got going on here so it's starting to
look like at least Obama and Biden won't
have to worry about any legal
repercussions for so-called Obama gait
the the hypothesis that were sort of
coming to understand is that Obama
probably got that not probably Obama got
the ball rolling but probably was not in
on the details of whatever they did and
maybe they did a little more than they
were supposed to meaning Comey so it's
probably going to turn out to maybe the
underlings did more than they should
that could be a problem but probably not
for Obama all right so Jack Murphy over
on Twitter was tweeting that a good
friend of his was automatically
unfollowed from Jack's account and his
friend noted that he also had been
unfollowed from me and from Mike sort of
itch at different times and Jack was
asking is you know what's up with that
and I'll give you my latest I mean I
still don't know the real answer but my
hypothesis still is that it's
third-party apps meaning that if you
have tick tock for example when you sign
up it might ask you to have access to
your Twitter account so it can post your
tick tocks but it might give you more
access than you want because once once
some foreign intelligence agency or
domestic could be our domestic agency
has access through a third-party app to
your Twitter account I think they can
unfollow you and I don't think there
would be any record of it that you would
ever say so my hypothesis because I've
actually talked to Jack Dorsey about it
and unless I'm the
world's worst judge of character and I
don't think I am unless I'm the world's
worst judge of character jack has no
idea why this is happening and I and
he's looked into it so I think that I
don't think that it's coming from
Twitter management if it's coming from
somebody who works there that's
possibility but feels like feels like
third-party influence to me that's just
my guess I'll call that a working
hypothesis wouldn't bet my life on it
but that's that's where it feels like
it's heading all right
have you noticed that the complaints
about Trump tend to be so generic that
they sound like a cry for help from the
person who was doing it I hear here was
one of the memes I saw today it was a
picture of Trump and then the meme said
doesn't listen doesn't understand
doesn't tell the truth doesn't obey the
rules doesn't care about anyone now of
course part of it is just crazy
mind-reading at a distance yeah I don't
think you can see in his brain to see
what he cares about but it's so generic
that it just feels like a mental problem
on the part of the person saying it
doesn't it yeah he doesn't obey the
rules which is a interesting way to put
it and and I'm trying to think if you
were to just criticize the president of
things that you could measure how would
that look you know why do they why do
they have to resort to things that can't
be measured couldn't they say blah blah
the economy blah blah this blah blah the
debt they can't use anything with a
number you know there's nothing that
could be objectively looked at that says
he's doing poorly because I'm sure there
are you know there must be some
statistic that he is doing poorly him
now obviously the economy is in the
toilet but everybody knows what what the
problem with that is just a question
so I've I have a new strip off or
blocking in addition to my normal blocks
just for being trolls
I've started blocking people who
mischaracterized my opinion in public
and then criticized it now you're
probably thinking to yourself Scott
that's a little harsh
if somebody mischaracterizes you on
Twitter why don't you just tell them
what your actual opinion is wouldn't
that be better than blocking them I
thought that for decades not decades on
Twitter but forever I thought to myself
if I can just tell this troll this
critic what my actual opinion is I can
get them to stop imagining I have some
other opinion and then attacking me
further imagined opinion in all of my
life I've never succeeded with that and
finally I said to myself oh I get it
it's intentional or is something that
can't help meaning that if they've
misinterpreted do you once and you
correct them they don't go to the
correction they go to a new
misinterpretation you've seen it right
you've seen it a million times in your
own life they will just keep moving from
one misinterpretation to another but
they will never they'll never accept
your own opinion as you tell it to them
in fact they'll tell you that you've
changed your opinion as if you don't
know what your opinion is so I've
stopped completely debating with people
who as soon as the at the very first
moment they mischaracterized I just
block them and I find that my life is so
much better because they always turn
into these extended fights where they
imagine that they're arguing with me but
they're only arguing with their
misinterpretation of my point let me
give you the specific example so this
particular troll yesterday was saying
that claiming that I said that all of
the states and all of the countries were
having roughly the same outcomes now if
you hear that out of context you say to
yourself that's not true they'll have
all kinds of different curves and stuff
so of course I didn't say that
right here's what I didn't say they are
within a range and that range is big
enough in other words there's no country
where everybody died and there's you
know no country that has an infection
rate where nobody died you know so
there's sort of a range and they're all
in that range and when they're not in
that range it's usually some something
we know about such as elderly and Italy
exact etcetera but here's my real point
there are so many variables from vitamin
D to you know the the Sun the humidity
the the density etc that I don't think
you can tell what the leaders have done
that made a difference
so that was my point they got turned it
to this other point by the critic who
got blocked so my point is that if you
were trying to sort out which governors
were doing a good job and which ones did
a bad job unless you had a really
specific question like the nursing homes
thinks that's pretty specific but in
general you wouldn't be able to sort out
what went well or what didn't go well
because of what they did because there's
also the vitamin D they use some of them
use hydroxychloroquine there's different
rates of old people the you know the
distance they have you know they have
subways and they don't so my only point
is that we'll never be able to sort out
the mistakes but let's talk about this
nursing home stuff so the here's what I
think happened with New York and Cuomo
and there's of other states I think that
send people back to nursing homes so
apparently the the initial guidance from
New York was that any nursing home has
to take these people back but that a
month later they modified it to say no
no you only have to take these people
back if you can meet the requirements of
doing it safely
and if you tell us you can't that you
don't have to now in the real world you
know people can't tell you should assume
that these nursing homes are going to
say to themselves well
you know we think we can but they're not
they're not really medical facilities so
are they right so you could see that
this was a gigantic problem but here's
what I want to add to this do you think
the experts told Cuomo to do something
different than what he did think about
it do you think that Cuomo's experts in
the state of New York or whoever he was
talking to when the when the yeah the
question came up of where do you put the
old people who have tested positive and
there was obviously a trade off and they
said well we could put him in the
hospitals but hospitals might be
impacted might not have enough room or
we could try to get it back in the
nursing homes under these certain
conditions that we hope will be safe do
you think Cuomo made the decision or did
he listen to his experts somebody says
the experts told him not to is that is
that reported if you have if you have a
link for something that would suggest
the experts told him not to let me know
but I'm gonna guess that the experts
told him that that would work out okay
how much do you blame Mario Cuomo
without Mario sorry wrong generation how
much do you blame Andrew Cuomo if and
this is the if we need to fact-check in
this if he followed the experts opinions
right because what are all the experts
doing as far as I know every governor
and every President of the United States
followed all of the experts
recommendations until the one that I
know of and there may be others but this
is the only what I know of the one and
only time I know of that one of these
leaders directly violated the suggestion
from the experts was when Trump closed
the travel from China
so we have one example of leadership
correct me if I'm wrong leadership was
when Trump said you know the experts say
don't do this I'm gonna do this anyway
because I like to I like the risk
management of it if it's wrong it's just
two weeks it's no big deal if it's right
yeah I've saved tens of thousands of
lives and that might actually be what
happened so we have exactly one example
that I know of and I'm open to more
examples because the surely there must
be other ones but I know of one example
of any of these leaders doing something
that the experts did not advise and it
was right and it was Trump give me an
example where any of the governors did
that there might be examples I don't
know Oh Georgia somebody says Georgia I
don't know the details of Georgia but I
think what you're getting at is that
Georgia opened up earlier than the
experts suggested and so far do we know
if that's worked or not I don't know but
yeah that would be if if that wouldn't
proves out that would be a good example
so my point is this what are you looking
at Cuomo and you're saying to yourself
he made this huge mistake you can
definitely say it was a huge mistake
because the outcome was bad but can you
say it was a leadership mistake if he
took the advice of experts I don't know
if he did so let's check on that and by
the way why are we even talking about it
if we don't know that right now why are
we even talking about whether Cuomo made
the right or wrong decision about
nursing homes obviously it's it's wrong
at the end without knowing if he was
advised to do it or who advised them
were these qualified advisors I'd like
to know that then we could have an
opinion if so let me put it this way if
his advisors told him not to do it or
even if they were mixed and then he did
it that I'd say well okay that's on him
if the adviser said yeah all things
considered there's no good choice we
don't want the hospitals to be overrun
either let's try this if the experts
advised us
I think he's got it out alright
apparently my local hospitals Walnut
Creek Hospital in particular says they
have a sharp uptick in suicides that
coincides pretty much with the shelter
and play stuff and they don't say the
number but they say the the figure of
recent suicides just in my area right
here is quote unprecedented so that's
bad now my if those who remember my
first predictions here was that
if the shutdown was a short one you know
if it's a month or six weeks probably it
would reduce suicides because everything
just pauses when you have a big change
but that the longer it goes of course of
course that increases the risk every day
that you go on so we're well into the
point where it would it would be
reasonable to assume that there's
there's more suicide coming I looked
before I got on I was trying to look for
excess deaths over the baseline just to
get an update I couldn't find it can
anybody tweet at me a updated you know
all the way through today list of deaths
by month on the baseline so that we
could see how 2020 was looking compared
to the baseline so do we have more total
deaths with all causes the O this April
of May than we did in prior years I
couldn't find that for some reason
[Music]
there's a there was a little study about
drumming of all things and which that
the people studying found that if you
had people drum to the same beat and yet
they stayed together and synchronized
that their heartbeats would actually
start to synchronize and that when you
had them do shared activities the next
thing that you had them do they could
coordinate with each other better so
it's actually been demonstrated
scientifically that you know of course
subject to peer review and
you know studies that back it up etc but
initially it's looking like creating
some kind of a rhythm does in fact
connect people and that that connection
becomes productive meaning that they'll
work together better now this is of
course the ultimate extension of what
the hypnotists know which is that if you
match somebody you pace them you can
then later lead them so it's the same
concept and you'll see it in a whole
bunch of different ways and once you
learn that matching somebody is the
first thing you need to do before you
can lead them or work with them or
coordinate with them well it's one of
the most important lessons in life so
there's a lot of talk about church
openings and people saying things such
as why can my gym reopen but not my
church etc and I've been just sort of
monitoring that because since I'm not
personally religious yeah I've been sort
of just watching it it's not really my
business but the longer it goes on the
more I feel like I have to comment on it
so I'll start with this overarching
comment I'm not a believer but I'm very
Pro religion I've told you this before
so although I don't I don't personally
believe I miss and observe the people
who have belief seem to have better
lives just in general you know
statistically observational ii and i
think the science backs it up too so i'm
entirely pro religion because as far as
I can tell it works makes people happier
if there's an afterlife
well bonus but it seems to make people
happier while they're here so I'm Pro
religion let's start with that
right so if anything I say sounds biased
against religion just remember the first
part I'm not I'm Pro I'm Pro religion
that said why do churches want to open
I'm a little confused I know you like
going to church and I know that there's
benefit of going to church of course
that's my whole point but do you have a
kind of special God who doesn't do
takeout will will your religion suffer
if you take a few months off if you
simply do something else on Sunday
morning for a few months will your God
abandon you will you abandon your God
will he not hear your prayers what
exactly do you lose if you just wait in
a few months now if I told you you could
never go back to church well of course
you know then then you've got to do what
you got to do to to get your rights back
but nobody's telling you you can never
go back to church we're literally just
saying hey take a little pause here I
don't think your your faith is gonna
suffer so I watch this and I think of
all the things you could fight about
yeah there's a there are a million
things that you could find to have some
conflict about a disagreement about but
really do you want to fight for being in
close quarters with other people when
it's just not necessary at the moment I
mean arguably it is necessary in the
long run could for your for your soul
and your your well-being etc but does
anybody think it's necessary in the
short run given that nobody's faith is
going to be shaken by any of this
somebody says it needs for a community
there is a need for a community but
again in the short run it just feels
like it feels like it's a fight that's
not worth having right now I get that
people what their freedom and everything
but again it's the short run wait I feel
as though somebody says please stop
Scott I'm gonna have to block you for
that
so that's my opinion obviously since as
I said I'm not a believer and I don't go
to church I don't have any stake in it
I've no stake in it whatsoever but I
would just suggest to you that whatever
you think is the upside potential of it
probably no up real upside potential in
the short run you know a month or two
do a little zooming I think you'll be
fine anyway I don't think it's a fight
worth having but it is your fight to
have not mine so if you want to have it
that's fine with me amazingly CNN even
today is still running an article about
a dangerous hydroxychloroquine Neha's
and yet again they don't mention they
don't mention zinc
it's another entire article about
hydroxychloroquine not working and again
today as of today it's still running on
their website and it doesn't even
mention zinc the active part what would
it be like to be a CNN news consumer and
not know anything about what's going on
I mean that's a lot of context to be
missing all right there's a story and
that was gateway pundit that Klobuchar
saying that her husband took
hydroxychloroquine when he had the
coronavirus apparently and Klobuchar
sheepishly admitted that you know maybe
things can make sense if you talk to
your doctor but then she tried to say it
was dangerous and she just couldn't sell
it she just could not sell it so I think
Klobuchar did not cover herself in glory
is that anybody concerned about this
story about Trump wearing a mask we're
not wearing a mask to the Ford plant I
don't know if I've ever heard a less
important
because the whole point to the Basques
correct me if I'm wrong is that you
don't want to be the one who's exhaling
the the coronavirus it's not so much
about catching it it's more about you
giving it to somebody and the president
is the most special of special cases
doesn't he attested every day now not
only does he get tested every day but
the other people talking to him will
have masks on so you won't have any
situation where there are two unmasked
people it looked like he was keeping his
distance even without the mask when he
was in one part of the building he did
put the mask on I don't know if I've
ever seen less of a story it seems like
literally the smallest story in the
world that yeah he seems to be setting
an example but what what exactly is the
example the example that I got out of
this was if you're the President of the
United States if you have a personal
physician if you get tested for the
corona virus every day and if you visit
the Ford plant maybe you should you know
where your bask in certain places but
not others I mean who exactly is going
to go out and follow that model well I
was going to visit the Ford plant and I
wasn't gonna wear my mask and now that
the president didn't hit wear his when I
tore the Ford plant I'm not going to
wear a mask either how many people are
gonna look at the president wearing a
mask sometimes in the Ford plant but
when he was talking to reporters with
the cameras on not how many people are
gonna look at that and say therefore I'm
not gonna wear a mask to my gym I don't
know that that's gonna happen I don't
know that the president's setting that
kind of a that kind of an example now of
course the famous example where a
President did set a standard was when
Kennedy stopped wearing hats and then
hats became not a thing for men but that
was just a style thing who in the world
is going to be taking their facemask
medical advice by watching what the
president does when we all know he's
dispatch
case I don't see any story here it's the
smallest the smallest news of all time
all right that is what we know now the
president has promised us that there
will be more good news coming down the
pike or therapeutics more more vaccine
news and latest news out of Canada the
Canadians doing us a solid I think
studied a bunch of marijuana plants and
found a 13 of them but not most of them
because there are lots of different
marijuana strains but 13 of them at just
the right chemical composition that it
looks like it it influences your aced to
inhibitors to resist coronavirus that's
right there might be needs needs for
verification but there might be a
marijuana treatment for coronavirus now
I don't know which of those 13 strains
they're using but I'm gonna smoke as
much as I can just in case somebody says
you are wrong what am I wrong about
am I wrong that you're getting blocked
for saying you were wrong probably not
that's for the new people who don't know
that when you say you were wrong instant
blog yes why is there not a maggot mask
when when the president was wearing his
mask
I noticed it looked like it was sort of
an official blue looking mask with a
little maybe it was a seal of the
President over there or something and I
thought that's pretty cool but wouldn't
you expect to see American flag masks be
fairly common I'll tell you the masks
that look really ugly to me that the the
mono color masks that are either white
or black or sometimes they have some
kind of weird skin tones that are
sometimes African American skin tones
and sometimes lighter skin tones and I
don't like any of them I hate that I
ain't to treat it like
a fashion statement but all of the plain
colored ones I think looked bad I'd
rather see one with a little character
so let's get some was a gift some good
masks I think I've ever actually reached
a point in the mask acceptance that I'm
starting to see them as fashion and also
oh I have an interesting observation for
you just something to watch I don't know
if this is true but I feel as if there's
a certain segment of the female
population who is going to feel more
comfortable in masks and I would be very
interested in the opinion of any women
who are watching this to see if you
would agree if you're a woman and you go
out in public where there are men you're
pretty much always being stared at and
judged and you just feel like you're you
know your prey now that everybody is my
little different right so there's no two
people have the same experience but it's
very common if you're a woman to feel
like you're just sort of you know
walking around being looked at judge
stared at you know people having you
know sexual thoughts etc and my
observation is that I saw more women in
this in the grocery store then I'm used
to it actually looked like women were
leaving the house more because the mask
made them comfortable or something and
it was it was sort of striking when I
went to the stores like wow there's a
lot of you know women in a certain age
group wearing masks and I thought I
wonder if it's actually more comfortable
to go some places with a mask on so
that's just a question no one thinks
Scott Adams is smarter than Scott Adams
does well you're right but you're also
blocked
uh he got blocked for being right that's
the first somebody says challenge
yourself it's better than smoking dope
you know people who don't know much
about marijuana have different opinions
than people who know a lot about it I'll
just leave it there you can decide what
category you're alright
not me don't like restrictions to
breathing you know let me tell you a
little experience I had driving the
other day you've probably had this too
you'll see somebody driving the car with
a mask on and they're by themselves and
you say to themselves you say to
yourself I don't think you understand a
little mask idea if you're by yourself
in your own car you don't need a mask
the other day I got in my car after I'd
you know been in the grocery store and I
still had my mask on and I started to
drive and it was still on and I thought
to myself well I'm just going from here
to you know home it's not very far I'll
just leave my mask on because I got so
used to it that the the effort of taking
it off and when I take it off it hooks
on my glasses and then my glasses come
off and then I'm like aha so I I very
very quickly got to the point where
leaving it on just for convenience was
fine because it wasn't bothering me that
much has anybody is anybody got to that
point where you've warned him so much
that you almost you've acclimated and
you can't even tell the sod anymore does
anybody got to that point
am i sponsoring Rasmussen this week yes
the Rasmussen poll is listing me as
their sponsor for this week for their
polls now being a sponsor just means
that you're you know you're you're
associating with each other that it's
not a bunny there's no money involved
can we build a start-up together you
have an awesome elearning project well I
probably can't get involved in a new
startup I've got a lot going on but
there's gonna be a lot of learning
startups I'll tell you if it's a short
journey you don't have to take it off
yeah I mean yeah I used to rip it off as
quickly as I could because I hated it
but I kind of got used to it it would be
real easy to imagine that in the future
we'll have some kind of mouth nose
covering that maybe cleans the air then
maybe acts as your your phone I I've
always thought that the future would be
some kind of a a comfortable mask that
goes over your face and nose they have
on all the time and you can talk so that
you could make a phone call without
anybody hearing it because the mask is
is muffling it somebody says the mask it
triggers the claustrophobia oh that
would be a problem I haven't had that
sensation but I could imagine some
people would yeah sometimes so other
people are saying yeah stays on until in
your home and other people say they
panic with the mask yeah that's gonna be
really it fogs up your glasses
somebody needs to invent a master
doesn't fog up your glasses because I
have that problem to pull it down and
step out of it all right here's the mask
I want I want a turtleneck that just
lifts up do they make that like it's
just on all the time on your turtleneck
and you just go Boop I think I saw this
something makes that alright that's
enough for me I'll talk to you tonight