hey everybody come on in here it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams as luck
would have it I'm Scott Adams and you've
probably got a couple ugh of something
we'll get into that a moment let me turn
off my coffee warmer here and if you'd
like to join in on the simultaneous it
you don't need much all you need is a
cover of Margaret glasses tying the
chalice detector to thermistor flask a
canteen a vessel of any kind chiller
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the dopamine hit of the day
a part that makes everything better
the simultaneous imp go don't leave out
the expression at the end if you try to
have your sip and enjoy it while holding
in the pleasure that you get it's like
trying to stifle the sneeze have you
ever done that you go hmm it just hurts
sometimes when you have the simultaneous
if you have to just let it out feel much
better it'll feel like sneezing in the
forest
have you ever sneezed in the forest and
you don't have to cover your hands or
you don't have to cover your mouth I
mean normally when you're sneezing
you're like hmm you're covering it with
your arm or something but you're in the
forest and you're all alone and there's
nobody in the forest with you and you've
got like a good triple sneeze coming up
and you feel it and like the sun's on
you and the wind is just right and you
feel the leaves rustling through the
forest and you just think all this is
gonna be good that's you and you just
sneeze into thee into the wonder of
nature and that's just the first one
then you've got another one
they're less when you just let you just
let it vibrate your whole body that's
how you sneeze that's how you do it all
right we got stuff to talk about um
yesterday I founded a new organization
that you can join
it's called anti raw now anti raw
obviously means anti-racist
which i am i disavow all forms of racism
and so I thought well why not form a
group because it turns out that an tyfa
is a leaderless group there's no central
organization and I thought to myself
what could be better than join a group
with no central organization they're not
going to tax me they're not going to
raise my dues I'm not going to get
mailers I don't have to talk to other
people about the organization if I don't
want to I don't have to go to meetings I
don't have to you know create a folder
on the computer and my my desk hold any
materials what you need is a leaderless
organization and so I founded it
yesterday it's called anti rock and I
would encourage all of you to join how
what does it take to join you just have
to say you're in it that's it you just
have to want to and you just say huh I
guess I'm in it now I'm anti Rob and it
would be helpful if you are actually
anti-racist I think that would be you
know the main requirement but were a
leaderless organization so we're not
policing it but really that's the main
thing you want to be anti-racist now the
beauty of this if you haven't already
figured it out is that if anybody
criticizes you once you remember of anti
rah what does that make them what are
your critics when they're criticizing
you I think you know raise us
because if you're an anti-racist as I am
and somebody criticizes you well what
are they
they must be racist it's spelled anti
are
a so first two letters of racist and
anti
so anti raw you might say to yourself
wait a minute that's not into raw that
should be anti ray right but that's not
how it works because anti-fur should be
anti fat it's fascist but it's not it's
Anti Fog so we could be anti wrong well
why not so join anti raw with me I would
like you to join with me well when I say
I'd like you to join with me I've lost
the entire spirit of the organization
there for a moment
so let me correct that since we're a
leaderless organization do whatever you
want
that's how it works you don't have to do
what I ask you to do do whatever you
want we're truly leaderless you just
have to be against racists but I'll tell
you what's racist I'm against so I think
it was last night Chris Cuomo had a
raging racist on his show and I think
probably the biggest racist I've ever
seen on the show somebody named Angela
Wray and she said white men who she was
talking to one of the other guests and
she said white men who think like you
are the greatest terrorists red in this
country that's like the most racist
thing I've ever heard of CNN have you
ever heard anything that racist I mean
actually literally and there's no joke
here is that the most racist thing
you've ever seen on CNN they've had a
lot of gasps I have to think that some
of them are good some of them are bad
but I've never seen anybody say a direct
racist statement like right right there
and then not be corrected and in fact I
think Chris Cuomo amplified the comment
and I'm thinking well okay it's a good
thing I joined the anti-racist
organization so I can criticize this
properly now the other thing that Angela
Wright tried to pull on the the other
guest who was on the panel at the same
time
the the other guests said that the the
squad
you know the squad is or at least a few
members of the squad - lame I think in
particular and Omar that they were quote
hijacking some process so the racist
that they added the show Angela Rai she
she said whoa whoa hijack you wouldn't
use the word hijack unless you were
talking about these people right so you
must be using a loaded racist term
hijack and I thought to myself damn it
you know my notebook add another entry
to the common words that can't be used
see can't use articulate can't use any
reference to primates that are not human
hijack can I use that common word so the
list of common words that you can't use
is growing according to this racist
Angela Rai anyway so racist Chris Cuomo
and racist and I had this conversation
with this poor guy who was the recipient
of all their hate that's just my opinion
I'm anti racist and so I disavowed them
all see it it also has an article you
remember the research there's this
researcher named Epstein who concluded
that Google's bias could have moved
anything from a few million votes to ten
million something votes and there was an
upper level that maybe this next time it
could be up to 15 million votes and the
president tweeted something along those
lines so is he then
debunked it so they wrote an article
debunking Epstein's claim that Google
had intentionally biased or at least the
president's claim that seemed to suggest
that Google had intentionally biased
and that it would move a lot of oats now
here are the things that I think CNN got
right as far as I can tell one is simply
clarifying what Epstein said versus what
people are interpreting he sets that's
fair just a clarification so one of the
clarifications is that Epstein did not
study the United States to get those
numbers specifically he studied what
happened in some other countries in
other situations and then said okay if
that was true in other countries given
this situation in the United States it
would probably be true if we were
similar to those other countries in this
in the important ways that we would get
this kind of an impact from the Google
bias so other critics said yeah I see
what you did but you can't really know
that that works you can know what he did
and he you know shows his work he's not
hiding anything but you can't really
know that that's a cause in the fact he
can't really know that if something
happened in another country you've got
the same variables lining up here that's
fair the other thing was that Epstein
does not claim because he doesn't have
evidence to this that wasn't what he was
looking for he doesn't have any evidence
nor does he make a claim that that
Google is intentionally biasing his
claim is that the that it is biased
compared to Bing and Yahoo I think two
other search engines so what he did was
he tested searches using different
search engines and found that Google was
consistently biased in effect not
necessarily by intention meaning that he
didn't even look for intention that
wasn't what he was looking for he just
was looking for the effect so I think
those are fair there seemed like fair
criticisms meaning that is not
demonstrated a causal effect and he has
not demonstrated that there's intention
but now that he has demonstrated that
there is bias which is the part they
didn't question so the part I didn't see
any criticism is on is on the effect of
that there is in fact bias now did
Google look at this result and say oh
wow we didn't know we had that bias we
certainly weren't doing that
intentionally let us go correct that
nope now I don't know that they didn't
correct it and I don't know what they
said behind closed doors but what I do
know is they did not say publicly oh
yeah that's a good point let's see that
study maybe we should maybe we should
fix things to get rid of this accidental
bias I didn't see him do that which
seems like exactly what you would do if
somebody who was a famous researcher
talked to Congress which he did the
researcher and told Congress that your
search engines are biased and then
showed his work if you were Google and
he wanted to get rid of that bias which
you claim is not intentional and nobody
has shown evidence at least Epstein has
not shown any evidence he's not making
the claim that it's intentional but once
he showed that once he's shown that
according to his study it exists at the
very least you would want to try to
reproduce the study right at the very
least because the claim is so big the
claim is that it could move the election
even if you don't believe that's true
even if you don't think search results
of move elections and by the way that
was another another criticism is that
search engines are a very small part of
how anybody learns about who to vote for
so even if the search engines were
biased other researchers say what if it
is biased everything you're looking at
is biased all the new sources are biased
everything's biased could you really say
how much extra influence you know just
searches hat compared to the news and
social media and every other kind of
biases out there no really
probably it's hard to tease that out so
those are all good comments anyway the
point is
I don't think there's any any doubt that
there's something going on that is
creating at least an unconscious bias or
what would you call it
what would you call it if your algorithm
had a unintentional bias toward Clinton
let's say or toward whoever runs against
Trump next time what would you do if you
knew you had an in an unintentional bias
would you fix it well maybe you'd say we
didn't do that intentionally it's the
same algorithm we use for everything
else we took the same algorithm we'd use
for searching for the best toothpaste we
applied it to politics and yeah maybe
maybe the outcome looks biased if you
were to compare it to other things but
there's no intention we're using the
same algorithm for toothpaste as we're
using for Joe Biden it's not our fault
that you know you get more of one kind
of thing we're just treating everything
the same maybe maybe that's exactly
what's going on but would they have a
responsibility to say toothpaste in
politics are not the same and that if
there's a bias in the political in the
way that the algorithm handles politics
do they have a responsibility to fix it
if it's just the same an algorithm that
works on every other research I don't
know I actually don't know that I'm not
sure I have an opinion on that if it
really is the same algorithm and there's
no difference maybe that's just how
things shake out I don't know if that's
something you should fix but if they
know there's a an imbalance and they
know it could change the whole future of
civilization well maybe they've you know
won't look into that a little bit all
right so I was I was leaving here I
would say the Epstein's study raises
questions which should be further
researched meaning that apparently he's
a he's a respected researcher so even
the people who were criticizing him say
okay we usually agree with this guy so
nobody is saying he's a nut that's
important because when you see a claim
this is this big don't you wonder if you
know if he's a nut but apparently not so
it's worthy of research but I think it
is short of being proven all the way
from there is bias all the way to it
changed votes that chain of cause and
effect I would say is not fully
demonstrated what we should be worried
it's certainly enough to worry now I
would be equally worried or more worried
about let's say Google YouTube results
how what kind of you know and what kind
of photos come up when you do an image
search you know what happens when you do
an image search for me don't you let me
find out I'm gonna do an image search of
me and you know you know what I'm
looking for and you and you don't need
to
please don't search this because you
know what'll happen if you do so this is
image search of me on Google see what
comes up image because if some of you
know that I've had a little issue with
this alright
see how far down I have to go before I
see something really bad about me it
looks like looks like it might be
adjusted now alright so I'm going down
quite a few pages and I've seen nothing
but lovely pictures of me and here's one
of me with the president here's my book
here's pictures of me doing interviews
Dilbert Dilbert looks good now but you
do know that there was a there was an
extended period where searching for me
brought a very bad picture up very bad a
photoshopped picture that seems to be
fixed so those types of things that seem
were problematic you know the fact that
my and by the way let me say completely
that YouTube is completely
taking the taking the legs out of my
youtube channel so my thought was that
coming into the 20-20-20 election i was
going to use more youtube bigger
audience you know I could reach more
people I thought oh YouTube would be a
good way to expand my influence so to
speak and YouTube has just decided that
my channel won't won't be seen so they
did monetize it and they take it off of
these suggested videos most of the time
sometimes there's a little bit of action
from suggested videos but it's unusual
so use Fox channel well Fox channel
one's got a paywall so that's got a
different there's something else going
on there so what do you make of the fact
that well let me put it this way I
estimate that I moved a hundred thousand
votes in 2016 now I can't prove that I
base that on the following thing I did a
a Twitter poll and of course Twitter
polls have no scientific or statistical
significance but I asked this question
did I change your vote in 2016 did I
cause you to vote for Trump by
explaining his his talent stack
essentially and I think 1,500 people
said yes now that was just on a Twitter
poll how many people answer polls in
general not many not many people answer
polls
so having 1,500 people immediately mean
meaning over 24 hours I think City yes
you changed my vote suggest that there's
a multiplier there of people who also
had their vote changed but they didn't
see the poll probably somewhere in the
hundred thousand range I would think
because remember I my effect was twofold
the there there are the people who watch
me directly but then they're the other
pundits
in the world who took my framing and
then extended and the framing was that
Trump was a
salesperson and an influencer and that
he was persuasive and that he was using
hyperbole and that the the fact-checking
stuff was not so important as long as he
was sort of directionally correct I
could get rid of that quick now
so I got rid of somebody who was
questioning my ego for this conversation
if you can't hang with a conversation
that is factual because you're worried
about how it makes me look you're not
really qualified to watch this periscope
because on this periscope I'm gonna make
myself look like a douche bag a jerk I'm
gonna look look allocate egomaniac a
narcissist I'm gonna run the whole range
because I don't care what you think but
I don't have to see your comments all
right
part of my value is that I will
embarrass myself in front of you and I
will be flawed and full of errors right
in front of you if something I say is
useful to be said but in so saying it
looks like I'm patting myself on the
back I'm going to Pat myself on the back
right in front of you
all right I'm not gonna be ashamed of
that if I do something well I'm gonna
tell you I do it well if I do something
poorly I'm gonna tell you I do it poorly
if that's too much for you you should
bail out this isn't your periscope
all right so sorry that triggered me a
little bit here's the thing I think why
it bothers me is not it's not even about
me and it's not even just about
distracting from this it's such a loser
way to think you know my book loser
think is coming out in November 5th and
so this is very much on my mind there
are certain types of thinking that are
so unproductive they just flip me out
when I hear them because I know it's
somebody who's going through
life unproductively and probably making
other people less productive because if
you're telling people to stop saying
good things about themselves you're not
a good path
you should always pat yourself on the
back for things you do well and if
you're just talking and just talking to
and to make your point requires you to
say that you're good at something you
should say it you should not go all
californian I think I've said this story
before about I'll digress for a moment
when I came to California from upstate
New York where I grew up but I moved as
a you know an adult right after college
I noticed that the culture was totally
different in upstate New York if you
were good at something you could say so
you could say I'm good at baseball I'm
terrible at basketball but I'm very good
at baseball you could say that and your
friends would go oh okay well you know
I'm good at swimming and you not so good
at riding bikes and you could have an
honest conversation about what you were
good at and what you were about at and
then I moved to California and you can't
do that in California here's how you say
you're good at something well Scott you
you seem pretty good at playing soccer
not here's how you answer in California
no no I'm terrible at soccer right you
know I'm trying I'm trying I'm a
beginner that's how you have to say
you're good at soccer in California you
have to say you're bad at it because if
you don't somebody like the guy I
blocked is going to say oh you've got
such an ego I can't hang around with you
with your big ego who thinks he's so
good at playing soccer if you're good at
something you can tell me if there's
nobody else in the world that you can
tell you're good at something you can
tell me I love to hear it I love it when
people say they're good at something
they may because they believe it if it's
real in fact why don't you do that right
now
why don't you tell me one skill you're
good at in the comments right now brag
you have you have complete permission
because of the setup right nobody's
gonna call you an egomaniac put in the
comments something you know you're good
at somebody says I'm a great writer I
read someone somebody says I'm good at
watching this periscope somebody says
he's a fat guy but it doesn't sweat much
okay somebody's good as straighttalk
honest communications somebody super
good at the drums
damn you Geordi I wish I were good at
the drums
somebody's good at writing good at Excel
somebody's a good sleeper a good singer
won't read that one somebody's a good
software engineer good at rolling good
at logic somebody's good at reading
people somebody's good at puns computers
line-dancing auto mechanics sarcasm
leadership music somebody smart
somebody's analytical somebody's great
at parallel parking good for you that's
a good skill somebody's a great listener
a good a nurse good at dancing bs a
baking we've got a blacksmith well I
don't know about that one somebody is
great at COBOL carpentry visual artist
somebody here can roll a perfect joint
you have my respect Microsoft Excel
reading inner thoughts well I don't know
another great writer great at making
money fing you think the exam boating
racing making money procrastinate see
doesn't that feel good doesn't this
little bit of honesty feel good how many
places can he go in just brag right
right name weather what are the place
you can go where you can just
unashamedly brag and everybody's like
hey that's great that's probably it all
right you can keep complimenting
yourself for the benefit of other people
reading it but I'm going to move on to
another topic
did you see the quote from Joe Biden's
spouse dr. Jill dr. Jill Biden who's an
interesting personality so I like her
she's pretty likable
but it's clear that maybe her comments
were not offended by the campaign so
here's what she actually said when
talking about who you should vote for so
so Joe Biden's wife says quote your
candidate might your candidate meaning
somebody other than Joe Biden your
candidate might be better on I don't
know
health care than Joe is well you've got
the look at who's going to win this
election she said and maybe you have to
swallow a bit and say okay I personally
like so-and-so better but your bottom
line has to be that we have to beat
Trump now if she were a paid consultant
she'd be very fired right now because
here's something you don't want to say
about the candidate you're supporting
well you know you might your other they
might be better on health care health
care like the most important literally
the most important issue for the
Democrats you know you might want to you
might prefer somebody who's actually
better at the thing you care about the
most but don't you want to win instead
seriously don't you want to win instead
of getting somebody who is good at the
most important priority and that Sue's
out there selling you Wow and maybe you
have to swallow a little bit she says so
this is what you call reverse persuasion
yeah I've taught you that if you're
going to persuade somebody positively
towards something you want to persuade
them to it's good to make it visual
because the visual sense is important
but if you can make it tactile and and
even throw in a smell or a sound if you
can guess somebody's let's say five
senses memory activated then you can
attach your thought to that the physical
memory stuff and make it more powerful
that's why I speaking about something in
a visual way even if you don't have a
picture just speaking of it in the
visual way activates the part of
people's mind that is likely
to attach to the idea and make it more
sticky so dr. Jill Biden uses this
technique but uses it in opposite way
that you would want to she says about
about Joe voting for Joe Biden she says
maybe you have to swallow a little bit
and say okay I personally like somebody
else better but blahblah swallow as soon
as you read that sentence didn't you
almost have to swallow didn't you go you
could almost hear it and feel it
mmm Oprah I'm gonna vote for Joe Biden
so because she said it in such a
powerful persuasive way by adding the
swallow which makes you feel it and
remember it and think it even attach it
to the thought it's very persuasive to
not vote for Joe Biden because you don't
want to vote for somebody that requires
you to go when you push the lever that's
exactly what you don't want if there's
one thing you don't want when you vote
for somebody is to have reservations
nobody wants that so this was a a
thorough failure to support the
candidate now does it matter now
doesn't matter at all won't have any
effect on the election whatsoever
because you know statements by candidate
spouses are interesting news but they
don't they don't move the needle too
much all right here's another
interesting thing so we've been watching
that the Democrats have been giving a
lot of attention and let's say the
left-leaning press has been giving a lot
of attention to the squad now you know
who's in the squad I don't have to name
him except for who's the fourth member
of the squad that we always forget
Presley so the squad is for people but
really there are three of them that we
remember
Omar Talib and AOC
there's the fourth one that sorted they
they throw in there just to make it a
fantastic for kind of situation but she
doesn't seem to get many headlines
unless she's witty on the three so sort
of the squad is really three people but
it's a squad really three people whereas
a squad really just AOC and people who
were smart enough to associate with her
because it seems to me that as soon as a
or C is taken out of the story
the others are treated differently by
the press so a or C is not really part
of the story about Omar and Thule
wanting to visit Israel the story is
really focused on Omar it's late so how
does the press that is friendly to the
Democrats how did they how do they
handle the squad when it's just the two
of them too late and Omar who are the
part of the story here's how they're
here's their headline lawmakers slammed
Trump and Netanyahu at emotional news
conference following scrapped Israel
trip does that seem like a change in
tone because the headlines are I think
the headlines are more often written by
an editor than by the writer themselves
at least that's my experience when I
what I submit articles do major
publications that you know I usually
have a title but commonly the editor
tweaks the title so it's really the
editors title for your article that's
probably what's happening here too so
the writer wrote an article but the the
title is probably the editorial decision
so see you then
probably don't know this for sure eighty
percent problem and let me read it again
so this is bad Omar and Tulane lawmakers
slammed Trump and Netanyahu an emotional
news conference following scrapped
Israel trip lawmakers they don't even
say their names now if that were a OC
don't you think a OC would be in the
title so it seems to me that there's
sort of a maybe you know I'm reading too
many tea leaves here so I'm in
speculative terror
but speculatively it seems that CNN is
underplaying these two members of the
squad and I don't think that they would
be under playing if it were AFC so I
predicted before the AFC is going to
have to make a break with the rest of
the squad for her own political purposes
because AOC can cross and the other two
can't if you're AOC you do have a chance
to broaden your support if you're a or
say I you know you don't want to hear
this you could probably pick up a
Republican or two the other two can't
the other two are not going to get any
Republicans ever there's nothing they
can do that will ever change that
but AOC you could imagine her becoming
moving to the center and actually making
an impact maybe not right away but you
can see you're doing it over time so I
think a or C strategically is gonna need
to make put some distance between
herself and the squad because they bring
her some attention of the kind that's
hard to get away from or that it's hard
to deal with the whole anti-semitism and
pay some might attack on Omar until Abe
AOC has an option to put some distance
even if she thinks it's an unfair attack
she doesn't want to be part of it nobody
would want to be part of it all right
so I would look for this look for CNN
and other pressed as friendly to the
Democrats to sort of under play too late
and Omar compared to what you think the
attention should be but if they ever see
was there it would be a lot more that's
what I think
I love the the there's a reporting that
Obama said to bite and you don't have to
run which of course everybody is
interpreting and over interpreting and
who knows if he actually said that who
knows what the actual context of the
comment was but the way it sounds out of
context
it's very Adam context but the way it
sounds is
Obama wasn't too crazy about Biden
running and then on top of that he is
not endorsed Abidin which could be
explained two ways one it means he's not
so not so sold on Biden that's possible
but the other is just as possible which
is he's an ex-president he wants his
party to win there are 20 some people
running and he would like to be able to
completely and cleanly endorse whoever
comes out of the process now both of
those explanations are a hundred percent
you know explain the situation one he
doesn't like Joe so he's holding off too
it wouldn't matter who was running he
would hold off until there's a nominee
which would be the smart wise prudent
Obama like thing to do so I don't think
you could necessarily jump to he doesn't
want Biden there but there are now
questions about whether Obama thinks
that Biden will destroy whatever's left
of Obama's legacy and I was kind of
thinking of it in those terms
it's like Biden is the mop up crew it
seems that Trump has essentially
dismantled you know much of Obama's
legacy but there's still some cleanup
and so I have this mental image of a
Trump taking sort of a big broomstick
and you know shoving it up Biden's
backside and then using Biden is sort of
a mop to sort of sort of mop up whatever
debris is left from Obama's legacy
because there's not much left right it
just seems like Biden is the is the mop
and Trump is going to use them to take
care of whatever's left that's that's
just sort of the image that jumped in my
mind I was looking at the new polling I
forget which polling entity did this but
as a reporter and CNN
so here the here's the standing of the
frontrunner and the Democrats Biden
solid at twenty nine presents so Biden's
lead is holding twenty nine percent
Sanders of 15 and apparently Sanders has
been right at that 1415 and he's not
going up and he's not going down but
probably that tells you there's a cap on
Bernie's support I believe if if
Elizabeth Warren's support could go to
Bernie maybe it already would have I've
got a feeling that anybody who's going
for Warren instead of Bernie is because
I think he's too old that's my guess
so I'll say that again people who prefer
Warren over Bernie given that they both
have you know super progressive similar
views probably because they think
Bernie's too old now there's also the
the woman vote and I guess Warren gets a
lot of the women vote college-educated
women so there's that too but then
you've got Warren almost tied with
Sanders in second place she's got 14 so
statistically basically she's tied for
second and then Harris took a big plunge
Harris Harris just didn't perform and
fell off the map now I will remind you
of my hits and my misses now I'd
predicted over a year ago that that
Carla Harris would be the most dangerous
opponent but it appears that Democrats
do not love her and they have other
choices so because there are so many
choices it sort of spreads people's
preferences around
I think if Harris were running
head-to-head against any one of these
people
she'd look pretty strong but she's you
know her impact is sort of distributed
because part of the power of Harris is
that she's a woman and she's a person of
color but she's in a pack of people who
have a very strong woman at the top
warren other strong women in the group
whose names I can't remember right now
tulsi gabbard and Columba sure am I
missing any did I miss
but anyway so she's running in a group
that dilutes her power so she's got you
know cory booker since she's got a
person the color there she's got another
women so being a woman and a person of
color should be a double a double
benefit but because she's running in a
large group that all gets distributed
you know some of that love gets
distributed to other people and then
you've got buddha judge who's tied with
harris now at five percent buddha jej
also picks up our children to also
buddha judge picks up the let's say the
what do you call it there maybe i'd have
to invent a name for this but the people
who are super progressive and some of
them would just like to see a gay
president i would also love to see a gay
president you know dad doesn't mean I'm
supporting Buddha judge in particular
but in general you know the same when
when Obama was running for the first the
first time I and many other people said
you know all things being equal I think
this country would really do well to
have a black president you know assuming
that he's qualified and you know he's
got all the right requirements and
everything but all things being equal
it's time you know it's like a healing
thing it's an important thing and I have
no no regrets for having those thoughts
because I think I think we do come out
ahead and I think that the national
wound from everything from slavery is
affected by stuff like that now for the
same reason I think it would be great to
have a woman president eventually you
know we don't have to rush and I thought
Hillary got more votes than the person
she ran against more popular votes so
that certainly you know I've said that
broke the glass ceiling even though she
didn't win it showed that a woman could
be can get enough votes to be president
so the president is the the country has
has gone beyond the question of Ken and
woman win and have you noticed that's
not even part of the conversation then
nobody says that oh we better not
nominate a woman because a woman can't
get elected
nobody says that so Hillary Clinton
broke the glass ceiling and it remains
broken because we don't even have that
conversation if we talk about running a
woman for president it's only talked
about in the positive right there's
nobody on either side who says that's a
negative but both sides would say yeah
that could get you some votes it's only
talked about in the positive but we
don't have at least we're not aware of
any game presents
my guess is we've had gay presidents but
you know might have been Lincoln for
example there's some indication he might
have been gay but but we need one who's
you know a public gay figure eventually
and again I wouldn't put somebody in
because they're gay like it's not a it's
not some kind of an asset but for the
benefit of the country just to get past
it just once yeah you don't need to
there's no there's no quota but would it
be nice that I'm a gay president and I
like the fact that Buddha judge is
Buddha judge is doing in a smaller way
what Hilary did even in losing which is
like I said Hillary broke the glass
ceiling because you stopped the
conversation about whether a woman can
become get enough votes to be president
of course Buddha judge is doing the same
thing he's not proving he can get enough
votes to be President but how many
people said he can't be President
because he's gay have you heard anybody
say that no it's not even nobody cares I
haven't heard one person say that that
would be a factor in any way now
privately of course there are people
were you know have their own feelings
about everything so privately people are
going to have their concerns but
publicly think about the fact that on
social media where people will say
anything on social media social media is
completely unfiltered in terms of this
kind of awfulness if there were anybody
out there
let's say on the conservative side who
wanted to say bad stuff about Buddha jej
because he's gay I've seen none of it I
haven't even seen I don't believe I've
seen one even one negative thing about
it have you now I've seen you know
people make jokes but the jokes don't
seem mean-spirited even the jokes don't
see mean so it feels like the country is
getting over you know whatever whatever
history there is there and Buddha jej I
give him a lot of credit because in
losing he still is sort of I don't know
if he's gonna break the glass ceiling to
have a gay president but I think he's
taking it off the table in terms of a
conversation do you think let's say
let's say the next cycle there's
somebody who's a stronger candidate
everything's the same he said he's a gay
guy running for president but he's just
a stronger candidate could he win I
think so I think so and I think Buddha
jej sort of you know he loosened the
seal he didn't break the glass ceiling
but you know when you tried to open a
jar like you know he's the one who
bagged it on the counter until till was
loosened so I gave him a lot of credit
for that all right see what else we
gonna go in here would you like me to
solve solve the education problem in the
student debt problem I would like to
solve that for you now would you like
the solution here comes here's a
Republican solution for college debt now
this won't help you immediately with
existing debt so existing debt maybe
that's a bigger problem
but in terms of future debt future
students who have to take out big loans
etc I'm going to tell you how to fix
that now there are two kinds of college
education roughly speaking one kind is
the immediately employable kind of
things
let's say you're trying to be a doctor
or some kind of technology worker let's
say a stem stem type person engineer etc
those kind of jobs well you can kind of
pay for your loan because those are such
good jobs that you can take in a little
bit of a depth you probably get a good
job you can handle it but what about all
the people who are taking on gigantic
debt for generic degrees now generic
meaning let's say you got a BA in
English history or something like that
it's not directly applicable to a high
paying job it just makes you generally
better qualified for lots of different
things you don't know exactly where your
careers gonna cover that's a lot of
people here's what we need we need one
college course that I'll call a I'm
gonna give it a name just for
conversation let's call it a a life
strategy degree just that's a working
title not a good title in life at a
strategy degree and let's say that the
government the federal government
blesses it as being in an an accredited
college degree and then the components
of this are just all of the things that
would be useful for a really powerful
talent stack so a talent stack is when
you intelligently layer useful talents
together so you have a powerful person
let me give you some examples so the
degree course would not look like
anything you see now normally when you
have a major you've got some generic
classes you need to take and then there
are specific things like how to be an
economist or history so so it's not like
that
instead it's everything that works
together to make you powerful and
effective as an adult working person and
even as a as a parent and everything
else so for example you would have as a
requirement how to learn how to speak
how to be a public speaker because it's
applicable to just about all kinds of
stuff you would learn how to write in
a businessperson writes not the way you
write a novel if you want to learn to
write a novel
this is not the degree you need but to
learn how to write short clear crisp
sentences very powerful so you had that
to ability to speak if you just had
those two classes you'd be ahead of most
people by the time you were done and
then you could imagine the things that
you would add to that for example I
would have a class on persuasion and
that would cover everything from
marketing to sales to one-on-one
conversations so persuasion because it
fits with every job you might have
classes on literally the social
interactions how to meet somebody had a
network how to be a friend how to how to
be a friend we should have a class on
that because these are learned skills
you could learn how to make friends how
to keep friends you can learn how to be
a better parent
you could learn Fitness you could learn
you know the basics of staying healthy
and eating right because all of those
things make you a better employee they
make you more employable you should the
I would I would include financial
literacy thank you somebody is
suggesting that was on my list so
financial literacy basic economics plus
the basics of having it a mortgage how
to balance your checkbook how to make
sure you budgeted correctly etc on top
of that maybe a little bit about how to
start a business now you don't need a
four-year degree on how to start a
business I can probably take you through
the basics in one semester and if after
one semester you would see at least all
the parts and then you could look into
the measure needed so for example if I
were teaching you how to start a
business and I said the first thing you
need to do is get a lawyer and lawyer
will help you decide if you're an LLC or
S corporation or a corporation or there
is Schedule C type of business now you
say to yourself I don't know what any of
that means but you know what to do go
get a lawyer and the lawyer tells you
which of those you
me so you don't need to tell people the
details have had to start a business you
tell them where to start get a lawyer
asking which one of these entities you
want to be and then the lawyer sets it
up for you or you could say you know how
do you find employees so you teach them
how to find employees or you know how do
you how do you estimate whether you were
business will be good so you teach them
the basics they can work out the rest I
would teach them at least one language
but it would have to be a useful
language a useful language how many
people do you know who are taking
something like Russian or German but
don't have any intention of being
international translators okay those are
useless languages now I'm exaggerating
some people do need to learn those
languages because they might be dealing
with markets they are etc but for most
people if you're in the United States
learn Spanish I'm gonna say I'm gonna
say something that you're gonna hate if
you've got a kid in the United States
who's taking a language in school and
they and they didn't take Spanish they
took another language they took French
you have failed your child if you let
your kid take a French class when they
could be taking Spanish in the United
States you failed as a parent
you have wasted their time and you've
you've taken the time that they can
learn something that would be a valuable
life skill completely affect your
employability your social structure
everything yeah and then learning Latin
might be the least useful of all so you
can imagine now that this this class of
life strategy I'm describing would have
some design elements you'd learn how to
make a PowerPoint to how to design
something for for marketing purposes
when you're done with this life strategy
course how employable would you be
because if you want to hire somebody
and if you told me that somebody had
completed that the course with the
classes that I'm describing if you told
me that I could hire somebody with that
bag of skills unless I needed somebody
who had something very specific such as
a specific technical skill I would love
to hire that employee because that's
somebody who has a talent stack that's
the best stack of skills anybody's ever
seen and it would allow them to go in
different ways now how does this solve
student debt because once the government
has said this bag of classes constitutes
a degree and we the federal government
will validate that that's a powerful and
useful degree you can put that all
online because once you've you've
limited the number of classes that
matter to let's say maybe there are
thirty thirty classes that are really
the powerful ones to have a successful
life if you get down to about thirty
then you can also start making them
online now they already exist online but
the online learning world is sort of
fragmented etc but if the government
said here's the deal
these thirty topics are these are that
these are the 30 topics everybody needs
to have then suddenly there would be all
kinds of people entering those fields to
create great topics now somebody starts
to pay for it but if it's online content
what does it cost to go to college when
you're only taking it online well you
can reach lots of people and so maybe
you can take an entire class for ten
dollars an entire semester of let's say
how to be whatever writing or whatever
ten dollars maybe so that's how you get
to free college you could make people
who are far more capable humans and far
more complete and far more capable with
most powerful power stacks you've ever
seen in your life for way less cost and
if the government says this is valuable
then employers will
- so that's the way I'd go that would be
a Republican response to say look we
didn't ask you to take out a loan last
time now let's let's tie this back to
student debt in the past suppose of
course you let's say that mark your aid
is $10 for a class I don't know what it
really would people but it's gonna be
low and say it's $10 let's say that the
government says on top of the $10 which
covers all the profit for everybody
involved on top of that we're gonna add
another $10 so it's gonna be $20 per
class still so affordable that everybody
can do it it's just $20 a semester for a
class the extra ten could go to paying
down student debt that is gone before so
you might actually create a new system
that's so cheap you could double the
cost and use the extra profit to pay
down past the student debts in some way
that seems equitable for everybody I
don't know what that would look like
anyway that's a capitalist conservative
low-cost path toward free college that
would make more sense and the the best
thing that this does is it cuts through
the total BS which is the college
experience today the current college
experience is about networking it's
about putting a certification on you
that oh well you got into this college
you must be at least as smart and and
then a lot of classes that don't have
much use in your life so if you have an
actual college course there was only
useful stuff all the time I think
eventually the market would recognize
that as something better than some
generic degree at some private college
now could you network as well I think
you could because if enough people were
taking this life strategy college there
would be some of them would be local and
if you lived in a city probably a lot of
them would be local and a lot of them
would be taking the same classes at the
same time as you so you can't get
together
so there might be as part of the process
networking and socializing online and
then in person if you want with other
people on the same same path and I think
that would give you everything you want
that's all I have to do today that's all
I got to say and I will talk to you all
later