[Music]
hey everybody come on in it's time for
the simultaneous sip coffee with Scott
Adams aren't you glad you here I'm glad
you're here otherwise I'd be talking to
myself and that's crazy if you'd like to
participate in what promises to be I
think I can say this with some
confidence the best simultaneous sip
ever it's coming up really soon and all
you need to participate is a cover of
Margar glasses that tanker challenger
Stein the canteen trekker flask a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure the dopamine
the hint of the day the thing that makes
everything better including the pandemic
it's called the simultaneous sip happens
now go I was right I was right did you
feel that best whatever right that's
awesome nailed it all right let's talk
about all the things there are many
things and we should talk about them
Adam Townsend asked this provocative
question on Twitter he says why isn't an
tyfa the anti-fascists protesting
lockdowns fascism elements and I thought
to myself yeah why why is anti-fog not
protesting the government telling people
to do stuff like stay home and don't go
to work isn't that exactly what they're
supposed to be doing or more generally
did somebody stop paying anti-fog
because I feel like they got really
quiet
you know not just because of the virus
but did aunt if I just go away and if
auntie fought just went away did they
take black lives matter with them have
you heard of black lives matter lately
have they done anything lately so it
seems to be that antiphon and black
lives matter just sort of disappeared
didn't they did you notice they were
gone they just you wake up one day and
there's no antiphon you don't really
notice and day goes by and there's no
black lives matter and next thing you
know it's you know a year is going by do
you haven't heard from them I mean it's
been it it feels like a year for black
lives matter anti far more recently I
supposed anyway it's a good question now
I would like to remind you because I'm
getting lots of heat from people online
for what they imagine is my opinion yeah
the normal thing for Twitter is that I
would say 80% of all the critics I've
ever had are complaining about something
they imagine I think or they imagined I
said or they imagined I did but I didn't
so with that in mind I thought I would
clarify my opinion and I can see why
it's confusing so on January 24th
I was loudly and with much profanity
saying we should close travel from China
because China had closed Wuhan the day
before and I I quite reasonably thought
if China is gonna close Wuhan maybe we
should close flights from China because
whatever they're looking at we don't
want that now closing flights from China
there's a very small cost relative to
what we're seeing now the close down of
the entire economy or much of it and and
to me that seemed like a completely
reasonable insurance cost you know when
you buy insurance if
don't have a car accident you can't say
the insurance was wasted because you buy
it to manage your risk you know it's not
wasted if you don't need it that's what
insurance is it's just in case
and so to me closing the flights from
China was like an insurance model it's
like it probably won't make a difference
but it might and if it did make a
difference it would be a big difference
so I was very forcefully and early on
closing flights but I think this is
where people get confused correct me if
I'm wrong I don't believe that I've ever
offered an opinion about the lockdown or
whether we should go back to work or how
you know when how I mean I've I've
offered suggestions of how it would look
but I have not is can anybody confirm
that I've not offered an opinion on
whether we're being too restrictive or
not restrictive enough and what's
confusing is I have criticized the the
thinking or the information from people
on both sides of the argument so I think
people believe that if you criticize
somebody's argument that you're on the
other side that's not the case
what's the other side why is there even
an other side about a medical / economic
question none of us know the right
answer but we can certainly identify
when somebody's thinking about it in a
let's say a less useful way so I've been
quite aggressive trying to correct
people's way of thinking which is
completely different from telling them
my opinion and you know and doing that
but enough time is going by and enough
things have happened that I feel like
I'm comfortable giving you my opinion
now so this will be the first time
you've heard my opinion about what we
should do in terms of going back to work
I'm somewhat influenced by well not
somewhat I'm influenced by what we've
learned so far I've been influenced by
the reaction of the public which which
is a big variable
you know I take the the emotions the
feelings the you know the you know just
the energy that the public is putting in
this that's those are gigantic variables
but here's here's sort of what I might
call the last straw that that makes it
easy to have my opinion all right
because I even you know last 24 hours I
was thinking I don't know I think I
could go firm on an opinion but waiting
and then I saw this apparently Nancy
Pelosi was on one of the late-night
shows and she was doing a remote tour of
her refrigerators in their home to show
how she was stocking up on it all for
the pandemic or just for fun and she's
standing in front of two sub-zero
refrigerators the the total cost of her
refrigerator is just just the
refrigerators the two of them is more
than most people earn in a year and she
opens it up at its well-stocked
in her mansion with ice cream and stuff
and I think other people had a similar
response which is our multi-million
dollar leaders don't seem to have I
don't think they're reading the room
right you know what I mean if Nancy
Pelosi is showing us how much food she
has stocked in her to expensive side by
side to sub-zero freezers I don't think
she's reading the room right do you that
feels is so out of touch with whatever
is the experience of the you know the
working class the people were suffering
this week that that was sort of like a
final straw for me
yeah just made it easy to have an
opinion here's my opinion my opinion on
this is similar to but if
and from my opinion about how we should
come up with abortion laws and my
opinion on abortion is that men should
just stay out of it because the except
for the money decisions we should be
involved in money and I'm not saying you
shouldn't have a right to talk about it
you can do whatever you want I'm just
saying you get a more credible decision
if whatever we come up with is what the
majority of women's support because they
have more skin in the game you know for
all the obvious reasons so I'm not
saying that men should not have a vote
or you know I'm not taking away your
right to talk about it or anything I'm
just saying if you want the most
credible set of laws whichever way they
go pro-abortion against abortion the
most credible is the ones that women as
majority support likewise and and
learning from that but it's a different
situation obviously analogies are not
exact but taking from that and I look at
the decision to go back to work
I'm pretty sure that my decision about
my personal risk should be irrelevant
and I and I've tried to hold that to be
true because it'd be real easy for me to
say you know and this is true my
personal experience isn't that bad I'm
literally in a mansion that I built to
have everything I want I'm you know my
my income pretty much is going to you
know go down 75% when newspapers go out
of business by the end of the year I
think so I'm taking a big hint but not
like somebody who lost a job yeah I'm
not taking yeah like somebody who can't
pay the rent I'm not in that category so
from a moral and ethical perspective I
would not try to take my specific unique
situation and say well let's let's run
the country based on what's good for
Scott so I've been waiting to see not
only if we can learn more about you know
the facts of the virus who's getting it
etc how deadly is it do you know what
treatments do we have and all that
but also importantly I was trying to
read the room and try to find out where
the country is at because it doesn't
matter if you think we should do
something if you know the country won't
do it there's no point in talking about
what you should do if it's impractical
it doesn't doesn't fit with the mood of
the country and here's my read of the
mood of the country
I realize this could be off a little bit
because I probably see more more traffic
on social media from one type of person
than another but here's here's my take
on it I believe that the country as a
whole
but again the so far this is not my
opinion I'll tell you when I get to my
opinion the country's opinion as a
consensus seems to be very strongly this
is my my sense of it could be wrong it
seems to me that the sense of the
country is moving very much toward
they'd rather open up go back to work
even if it does cost hundreds of
thousands of lives so that's my that's
my read of the room is that the that the
country was sort of waiting and seeing
you know but at the moment and certainly
the direction of things it's moving is
moving very strongly this is my feel for
it very strongly toward if our only
choice is that people die now or later
which seems to be the only choice
because we don't have a vaccine we you
know basically a lot of people aren't
going to get this like I think the
country has decided to take the risk and
I'm looking at the comments you know I
realized that I think the people on this
periscope are not exactly a you know a
random some section of the planet but I
was I was very much trying to figure out
if people were speaking only selfishly
like I was trying to get a sense all
right are you only talking about
yourself that it's better for you to go
back to work let's say you're young you
don't have much risk or are you really
thinking about what's good for the
country because it's hard to sort those
out
I've come to a decision that it doesn't
matter it doesn't matter if other people
are thinking about their own personal
situation or if other people are
thinking about what's good for the
country god it doesn't matter because
they're both on they're both moving in
the same direction of what's good for
the country and what's good for the
individuals is starting to look the same
as in time to open up so this will be
the first time you've heard my opinion
my opinion is I would like to support
the consensus I'm not positive the
consensus opinion is in my best interest
but do i or do not do I not have the
freedom to stay hiding in my house as
long as I walked I do I do have the
freedom to hide in my house as long as I
want if if I want to manage my own risk
so for the good of the country the good
of the world it does seem to me we've
reached a turning point I think the
president senses as well you know
everything he says suggests to me that
he's he's got just exactly the same
feeling on day one it's very hard to say
hey country I think you should go out
and accept I don't know a million deaths
two hundred thousand whatever the number
is I think you should you ask around and
accept those because I might not be one
of them because even though I've been a
risk group I know I can hide you know
and I'll get good health care if
something happens but a lot of elderly
people will die and I think we've just
gotten to the point where people sort of
thought about it for a long time they
looked at their own situation they
looked at the big picture and I think
people have just made a decision yeah I
think people have made a decision and I
also don't think it matters what the
government thinks at this point because
I think the the public this is my read
of the room my feeling is the public has
decided to go back to work the
government can't stop us all right the
government can
pretend to be in charge and the
government governors can pretend to be
in charge too but ultimately it really
is up to the public because if the
public decided on May first hey you had
your chance I'm going back to work today
well there are there aren't enough
police in the world to arrest them and
by the way the police would probably
just go back to work too so you know
it's sort of a fantasy that the
government is in charge they're in
charge if we let them the government is
in charge if they have credibility the
government is in charge if they have
more information than we do and we're
like okay you know more than I do but in
this situation I believe the government
and the people have pretty much the same
information am i right
I don't believe that President Trump
really has some kind of secret
information that you and I don't have
doesn't look like it so I think we're
perfectly capable to make this decision
collectively and we've decided so the
question about whether the governor
should be the main people making the
decisions for their states versus the
president I think that's obvious doesn't
it is it ready what disagrees with that
that the governors are closer to the
situation then they should manage the
specifics of their state I think we all
agree with that right would anybody
disagree so I think your government is
doing exactly what you'd want them to do
the federal government is just being
helpful but they're also saying Trump
says this clearly it's the governor's
decision we just want to help but if
they do something grotesquely wrong
we're going to get involved that's about
as good as you can get really you you
know what's better than that describe
any situation that would be better than
what the president has offered to us I
can't think of one it's the best one I
could think of so that's where I'm at
the governor's can decide but if they
don't if they don't have a plan that
looks like a real plan the next couple
weeks the public will decide
right you know the governor's give first
chance but if they don't if they don't
decide or it doesn't look like a real
plan that actually gets us to work I
think the public will decide so I think
we're getting back to work and I think
that we have decided decided as a
civilization decided as a country that
let me say it in the most the starkest
terms you ready
because I don't think we should enter a
decision like this because you know this
is a big it's a big expense either way
you go right keep the economy closed
people die open it up people die so
these are these are adult decisions and
I think we ought to be able to talk
about them plainly and let me talk about
it plainly right now it turns out that
the so-called greatest generation has
won more war so the people who lived
through World War two probably thought
they were done with big Wars but it
turns out that they're right back in it
and the people who will take the most
casualties in this war is the same group
who's whose age group took the most
casualties in World War two so we are
asking the greatest generation to take
one more for the team and you could have
no clearer situation I mean it's as
clear as World War two you know the
people who went off and fought they knew
they were saving the country they knew
that likewise we would be asking these
people in their eighties you know part
of the greatest generation to have a
pretty high casualty rate and again it
would be for the good of the country
it's not about their individual
situation we would be asking them to
sacrifice for the country so here's the
question do you think the greatest
generation is up for it
I say yes now of course every individual
have their own independent opinion so
they're not all yes
but what what would lead us to believe
that the greatest generation has changed
I don't know that they have I think I
think if you gave them the choice yeah
you know the ones who are still you know
mentally alert if you went to your you
know people who live through the World
War two and say look could you take
another you know can you take one more
war can you fight one more war for the
whole country what would they say
I think they'd say yes I think they'd
say yes so tucker carlson last night he
had a doctor slash scientist i don't
know what he was some expert and he was
saying that he has a strong suspicion
it's not confirmed but that the virus
has already spread much farther than we
know now if it spread much further than
we know the implication was that that's
good news because it would suggest that
the the death rate of the virus is far
smaller maybe even in the neighborhood
of current regular flu but that doesn't
mean it's safer than the regular flu
because there are there are two elements
that make the flu dangerous one is how
many people die if they have it and the
other is how viral is it you know how
many people are getting again it yeah
how quickly does it spread and if it's
true that more people have it then we
know that could that would suggest that
the death rate is lower that's good news
wait a minute no that's bad news because
that's just one variable that one
variable this statistic of how likely
you will die if you get it is just one
variable if ten times more people get it
even if it's only the same amount of
risk once you get it it's 10 times worse
and that I think
Tucker needs to make that clarification
in the sense that that would be the more
complete picture it feels like saying
that let's let's say that this doctors
right and we study it and we find out
that the number of people who died from
this virus pretty much similar to every
other virus anybody ever got you know
it's like point oh oh is that one
percent what I forget what the
percentage is but let's say it's the
same but it's 10 times more viral or six
times more viral whatever it is we don't
know how viral it is but let's not say
that if it's more viral and more people
have it without symptoms that therefore
it's not as deadly am i right about that
that you have to know both all right
we'll get we'll get to Candace I know
you want to talk about Candace omens all
right I think that if if we were to
reopen the economy now now being in the
next few weeks under some smart plan
would people look back at this and say
it was a mistake I know they will right
but let me suggest this I think you also
have to look at the closing of the
economy as an insurance cost it's a
gigantic insurance cost against some
larger you know I guess number of deaths
or whatever and I don't know that it was
the wrong decision I don't know that
it's the wrong decision
somebody is clarifying that the expert
on hunkler's shown last night was a
Stanford PhD doctor / and scientists so
very qualified let's say he's right it's
still potentially dangerous so how many
people what percentage of people get the
regular flu in the comments so yeah
somebody's helping me out with the
percentage for the regular flu it's
point one percent not one percent it's
point one percent I believe that's right
so how many people get the flu the
regular flu in a regular year if you
don't know that then maybe you don't
know enough to have an intelligent
opinion on whether we should go back to
work what do you say now you could still
decide if you knew that that you want to
go back to work but if you don't have
that basic information you're a little
bit blind about the basic data so let me
give it to you in a typical year maybe
well I'll give you the 2009 year 18
percent of the country got the swine flu
18 percent most of them didn't have any
bad symptoms that's why that one wasn't
as bad as others could be but do we
think that if we did not mitigate the
corona virus do the experts say that the
virality were seeing from it would only
reach 18 percent of the country is
anybody saying that so is anybody saying
that this one seems to be no more viral
than this worst-case one because 18
percent is actually worst case I think
the actual percent is about 10 percent
yeah so the flu infects this comes from
WebMD I think the flu the regular flu
gets five to twenty percent of the US
population every year five to twenty
percent and I saw another source that
just took the middle ground and says
it's about ten percent of the public
gets gets it what percentage of the
public are the experts predicting will
get the coronavirus well I've heard I've
heard sixty percent right now we don't
know if that's true yet but if it's true
that a regular flu with a regular death
rate gets let's just pick ten percent
for easy math gets 10 percent of the
public and then 0.1 percent of the of
them them die
that's one number but what happens if
the percentage of the country they guess
it is 60 percent that's
times as many people getting it so even
if the same percentage of diet died it's
still six times more deaths how many
people die per year from the regular flu
well you I saw two numbers and they're
pretty different
one said 36,000 deaths per year is
normal and another one said that eight
to twenty thousand deaths is normal
which is a lot lower than 36,000 and
these both were credible sources so I
don't know the difference I'm guessing
that the difference is how they
calculated last year or 2018 flu because
that was really really big so the flu in
2017-2018 killed eighty thousand people
compared to something in the low you
know ten or twenty thousand normal and i
think that the difference between these
averages one average thirty-six thousand
per year another one eight to twenty
might be whether they counted that as a
normal year or something so that they
maybe they tossed out that outlier year
before they calculated the average
anyway the point is let's take a bit
midpoint let's say twenty thousand let's
say the average flu kills twenty
thousand people if it's six times worse
that would be hundred and twenty
thousand people without without
mitigation so did the models say that
while the model sent them without
mitigation would be more like a million
so that still would be a problem with
the mill with the models but would you
be concerned if the experts confirmed
that a hundred and twenty thousand
people would die if we all go back to
work and don't mitigate so much would
you be okay with that going back to work
gift one hundred and twenty thousand
people were gonna die my reading of the
public is yes my my reading of the room
is yet if it were only one hundred and
twenty thousand people if it were six
times worse than a regular flu i think
the public would go back to work right
I'm not even sure anybody would disagree
with that statement
uh-huh but I would just like to fix the
math and say that you got to figure the
virality as well as the percentage that
died from it all right let's see did you
know that a lot of the tests for the
corona virus are faulty I'm talking
about the antibody test not the test to
see if you have the virus
but the test to see if you once said the
virus and have recovered so the
antibodies are after you've recovered
well also while you have it but they're
testing after you've recovered and so
the FDA Commissioner said basically that
some huge percentage of those test kits
for antibodies don't work and one of the
ways they don't work is they don't
distinguish between the common cold and
the corona virus the the bad one because
they're all in a family now have you
seen you've seen numbers that say that
the people who have the antibodies is
probably much bigger than we know
meaning that more people were infected
how do we know how many people have
antibodies if the tests don't work or at
least they're not accurate and we don't
know how inaccurate they are so I would
say that we're completely blind at the
moment - how many people have had it and
recovered and you know have the
antibodies we just apparently the tests
the tests are just guessing at this
point let's see Bill Gates has said that
halting the funding to the World Health
Organization which is what Trump has
suggested until they do do some kind of
a study about what happened here so Bill
Gates says that's as dangerous as it
would sound but I'm not going to
disagree with Bill Gates
because it does sound dangerous right so
Bill Gates says that's as dangerous as
it sounds and I think well he's right
because the World Health Organization
does a lot of things that if they're
doing them right or quite valuable or so
people say so I don't think he's wrong
that it's dangerous but here's here's
the part where I think a little nuance
is important do you think Trump wants to
get rid of the World Health Organization
because I don't see any I don't see
anything like that do you do you think
Trump what's the World Health
Organization do disappear do you think
you want somebody else to fund it and
then keep operating the way they are now
he doesn't want any of those things it
should be fairly obvious that what Trump
wants is a change of leadership and more
accountability and with some assurance
that they're not being influenced by
China for the wrong reasons now you
don't have to get rid of the World
Health Organization to do that it's
pretty obvious who the leaders are find
out what the real story is get rid of
them so I don't think that you should
see Trump's withholding of funds as
anything but pressure to have some
accountability and management it's
that's different than getting rid of the
World Health Organization so I wouldn't
conflate those let's talk about Candice
Owens so canvas in her in the middle way
knows how to be provocative better than
just about anybody who wasn't named
Trump so let me start by saying I'm a
huge fan of Canada silence yeah matter
once very warm very friendly I love the
whole thing she's doing so like
generally I'm on the same page with her
but we've got this interesting situation
and as I've already said I just gave you
my opinion that we should probably go
back to work pretty soon so Candice is
on the I would say on the more slightly
more extreme side of that view meaning
that she thinks the virus is overblown
maybe and we should get back to work
sooner I think that's a review I don't
want to mischaracterize it but but I
think she believes the virus is
overblown and maybe the shutdown was too
much so she has this anecdote which she
tweeted about today and I will read it
so Candice tweeted Wow just had a police
officer called over to me
my husband a wholefoods because we were
not wearing masks we came to this whole
foods everyday in capitals every day
apparently beginning yesterday is now
illegal to come in without a mask total
deaths and DC from covet 69 so you might
imagine that I think it was like one of
the top trending hashtags the the
everyday thing and here's my take out of
it well so Candace's reason is that
there have been 69 deaths in DC now she
accurately points out the 69 deaths in
this big ol city is not a big amount but
I tweeted back maybe wholefoods believes
pandemics can get worse because the the
viral part but I'm only guessing I it's
driving me nuts to watch people who
largely agree with me and a lot of stuff
to act like the number of people who
have died so far is the important metric
if you're looking at the number of
people who died so far I don't think you
should be in the conversation now I get
that you know if you were comparing it
to the model it would be accurate to say
or the model seems off but isn't the
whole point to prevent the 69 people who
died from turning into 69 thousand
people who died isn't that that's sort
of the point isn't alright so and then a
lot of people were on ER for about the
going to Whole Foods every day in with
Anna masks and while I totally get the
the freedom element of it so I
understand if
if Candace wants to go to Whole Foods
during a pandemic and not wear a mask a
free country suggests she should be
allowed to do that and if the if the if
the coronavirus was as bad as the first
impression then I would say Candace put
a mask on get with the program but I
would say you know as we've watched the
estimates of deaths come down etc and if
you assume it's going to be in a few
hundred thousand and the country is
ready for that
under this condition I don't know I
think I think Candace is is leaning in
the correct direction of opening things
up but I just don't like any reference
to how many people have died in the past
as the basis for your decision of what
to do in the future it doesn't make
sense all right I I asked a line for
people to give me to give me an opinion
of what metric they would see that would
convince them the experts were correct
that this is so bad that we need to
close the the economy so what would you
have to see to convince you know Adam
Townsend came up with a number of
200,000 and he had some qualifiers on
there so you know you'd have to read his
qualifiers to really understand the
context but that's a fair number you
know I I'm not even I wouldn't argue
that if somebody says yeah my number is
if this is all said and done and 200,000
people die I'm gonna rethink what I said
and thinking maybe we should have been
more careful
but if you are the 200,000 died I'm
gonna stay with my opinion that this was
overblown and closing the economy was
worse than letting those 200,000 people
die so that's a that's a fair opinion
but I heard it another opinion that was
so clever
that I thought I would mention it so
instead of counting the number of people
who died because that gets into the
problem if whether they're coded
correctly
you know did they really die from this
and you know what about all the other
factors and what about the people who
didn't die in car accidents and the nets
and all that and somebody suggested that
the way to measure this is in changes in
average life expectancy I thought that
might actually be pretty good suppose
you just managed life expectancy right
because I think what that does I haven't
fully thought this through but I think
what it does is it somewhat
unintentionally or maybe intentionally
would say a lower weight on people who
are 80 years old and dying right because
their life expectancy is already sort of
ran out but if somebody young dies that
that changes the average of the life
expectancy more and I thought that is a
really clever thing to to measure so
that later we could decide did we do a
good thing or a bad thing am i right and
it's not the only thing you would
measure but wouldn't you like to know a
year from now did the average life
expectancy in the United States go up or
down this year I kind of like to know
that it's a very clever way to look at
it I don't know why I'd never thought of
it but it does seem like you know you
also want to count the number of people
you also want to look at your
percentages by the average life
expectancy totally worth tracking that
was a good idea all right so a OC is
according to the woman who had Tara Reid
the woman who accused Joe Biden of me to
ignore her back in the 90s she quoted
she's had tweeted that Alexandria AOC is
literally the first member of Congress
to address publicly what happened to her
when she worked for Biden and she
thanked her and and so I looked and sure
enough AOC loved her hate her I know you
get worked up whenever I met your name
love her or hate her she is the only
Democrat who decided to be consistent
kinda tells me she's gonna run for
national office doesn't it you can
already see the hints of it where that a
or C is taking a principled consistent
stand that women need to be believed now
you could say that's right or wrong you
could make a good argument well you
can't really make an argument that women
shouldn't be believed but who else was
consistent right is it not fair to at
least give her credit for being
consistent I think that's worth
something in public she's the only one
who was brave enough to just come out
and say you know Biden's got a problem
there we should listen to her I give her
credit all right while I while I agree
we should probably get back to work in
some smart but quick way and while I've
told you I'm in a high-risk group
because I'm over 60 I've got asthma I
would like this additional option as a
consideration to me and people in my
situation so I'll just ask for this and
I don't expect to get it I think it's
fair for me to ask for this so while I
would like the you know the
20-somethings under thirtysomethings who
don't have a big risk to go back to work
and they understand that that puts
people like me a greater risk because
there'd be greater spreading there's one
thing I'd ask so in order for me to be
okay and I'm gonna be full-throated okay
with the younger people who have low
risk going back to work even though it
puts me a higher risk I'm I'm not even
going to qualify it I'm okay with it but
I just ask one thing in return I'd like
to have doctor assisted suicide as an
option because I don't want to
experience the last two days
of drowning in my own lung juice that's
all I want now if it's not the last two
days you know where where it's pretty
clear you're on the ventilator and
you're not gonna make it whatever if
it's not that I'm not gonna kill myself
or have assisted suicide and now
California allows you to have assisted
suicide under the right conditions and
you know if it's if it's definitely
terminal and you've got the doctor
signing off and stuff and that's all
great
I was actually active in that movement
to get that to become the law in
California many of you don't know that
but I was one of the things I I used my
persuasion for publicly but it's not set
up to be efficient so in other words I
can't just be in the hospital and say
look before you put me on the ventilator
here's the deal if it looks like I've
got less than 48 hours and I'm in a coma
can you just kill me
you know don't I suppose maybe maybe if
you're unconscious and your lungs stop
you don't notice well maybe I don't need
assistants ooh aside if I could just be
unconscious when I die I guess I need an
expert to tell me that but that's all I
ask
all I ask in return is that it not be
painful that's all you know if I gotta
go I gotta go if it's time it's time
I'll do what I need to do I'll take that
hit for the country I just told it to
her that's all I ask in return
have you noticed today that there's a
spate and absolutely spate I tell you if
I ever use that word before a spate well
there's a spate of stories about maybe
hydroxychloroquine and its little
brother chloroquine maybe is dangerous
and maybe doesn't work have you noticed
that there's a whole bunch of anecdotal
and there's this little study but it's
not too it's not too rigorous have you
noticed that it was just less 48 hours a
whole bunch of different stories well
this hydroxychloroquine doesn't seem to
be working it looks like he killed
people
took people off it killed have you
noticed that do you believe it's real do
you believe it's it's just a genuine
coincidence that there are a bunch of
stories there used to be a hundred
percent positive and then the last 48
hours the stories have really turned to
more negative now you might say to
yourself well that's because they've
done more studies and now we're smarter
but I did see online where somebody who
was criticizing a couple of studies that
came out with some negative results and
pointed out really obvious flaws they
weren't a scientific studies at all so
here's here's my caution to you you
should expect the very bad people who
are trying to dis inform on the question
of hydroxychloroquine now some of it
might be that it's being confused with
chloroquine which does have I think more
side-effects and less effectiveness so
so make sure that you're looking at that
hydroxy version not that chloroquine
that's the first thing they they try to
conflate them to make them sound like
they're both bad secondly look at the
amount they're giving and they're giving
it to people in the last throes of life
so that's a that's a different
calculation than giving it to somebody
early and they may have they may not
another dose they might just give too
much so that's possibility so I would
suspect that foreign disinformation
could be part of this you could have
Chinese box and Chinese Studies and
stuff to give you some doubt about this
you can imagine that a pharmaceutical
company that thinks it might have its
own right answer that's a different drug
that they could make billions of dollars
on they might have a troll or two on the
internet if you know what I mean so I
don't know if you could trust the
negative stories coming out about
hydroxychloroquine but let me say as
clearly as possible you also cannot
trust the positive stories the ones that
say it worked because that's it's not
quite proven
so I would say at this point it's a big
question all right where there is more
people taking it yeah and the thing that
I'm saying that is the big red flag for
this being misinformation is that we're
getting reports that people are having
heart failure on the drug now at least
these drugs have been around a long time
do you think that only people who have
coronavirus are having heart problems
because yeah somebody in the comments is
saying if you have a heart condition
that you need to take REM disappear and
I would think that everyone who is you
know elderly and on a ventilator or dear
it probably has a heart condition
so you know but it's still important if
it's killing them more successful if you
take it earlier we don't know that that
that's the speculation that has not been
demonstrated but the certainly the
anecdotally that seems to be the case
you search so that you could have a
talking point to persuade it persuade us
only heard it from you that what you're
talking about
that's why we reserved opinions well you
know the doctors who said we know this
drug doesn't have many side effects at
least if you not you know in the last
two days of your life it doesn't have
side effects so it's just a good risk
reward to give it a try
based on the anecdotal evidence so
there's nothing wrong with that
what's take you so long to know exactly
exactly why is this taking so long
because it seems to be there are a
number of tests or a number of yeah
trials I feel like there are a number of
trials that have gone longer than 10
days and don't you know in 10 days
I mean you'd know more in 15 days but
don't you know in 10 days I don't know
do i periscope on my phone or computer
right now I'm periscoping on an iPad and
I'm gonna start doing some some special
content on my phone but when I'm mostly
when I'm moving around so I'll be
producing some extra content of my phone
you said you would insist on it if you
were infected no my position hasn't
changed because I'm not 80 I don't have
a heart problem and I don't know that it
works but the the risk reward is worth a
shot please look up a newt Witkowski I
probably won't do that but you could
send me a link the slaughter meter
where's the slaughter meter have you
have you seen the have you seen Joe
Biden how could president Trump lose to
Joe Biden unless something new happens
between now and between now and Election
Day how could Joe Biden possibly win the
election I suppose if he really liked
whoever he picks for vice president but
I wouldn't count on it how many are
taking it and die without a doctor's
approval I do wonder about that I can't
try to make some kind of a comedy
routine about who the World Health
Organization and President Xi I know you
could make it Abbott and Costello out of
that eggs was cured by hydroxy and other
trash we don't know that first of all I
think they used chloroquine not
hydroxychloroquine but fact check that
secondly we don't know that
Rita Wilson's we don't know that all of
her symptoms were the side effects that
could have had the symptoms from the the
corona virus itself Boris Johnson
apparently did not take chloroquine so I
don't know if that's public okay I heard
that privately
so maybe I'm breaking news I think I'm
breaking news but I heard from somebody
who has some connection to Boris Johnson
that he did not take the
hydroxychloroquine because it was not it
was not nationally recommended and he
didn't want to be the one who went
against the National recommendations now
I don't have a second source of that but
I'm telling you that I learned it
privately that Boris Johnson did not
take those drugs so I would say that
needs a fact check but I heard it from a
reliable source all right that's all I
got for now I will talk to you tonight
you know and see that