pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom come in
here my flock I have much to teach you
today some days you come here for the
entertainment some days you come here
for the learning today is gonna be a
learning day today I'll be teaching you
how to shake hands like a Pope bill
congratulations on baby Ponte blesser
and all of you bless you
DJ doctor funk juice good to see you
again
best name on Twitter and once we have
2000 people here I will show you how to
shake hands like a Pope but before then
I know why the real reason you're here
is for the simultaneous if and all you
need is a cup of Margar glass the tanker
chelators died on a canteen drug or
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee
enjoyed me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better
this simultaneous hip go ah
miraculous divine best I've ever had
alright now I think you've all seen the
viral tweet of the Pope shaking hands
but you don't know the moves so I'm here
to teach you the Pope handshake you can
follow along and goes like this first
stand up take a few breaths loosen up
your shoulders
alright you don't want to go into a
handshake situation all tense and stiff
so shake it up shake it up now when the
person you're gonna shake hands with is
let's say over there
the Pope technique is to use this arm as
bait so watch how your I'll adjust this
a little bit so this arm will just be
natural so this one's just natural over
here but this one this one's gonna be
just sort of floating out there like
bait and here's that you want to start
looking this way and you turn this way
and they just let it dangle a little bit
somebody's gonna grab it you know they
will and when they grab it like this you
you hesitate for a moment like you don't
know what's going on then turn like that
look at her in the eyes and start
slapping now the face is also part of
the handshake so you want to get the
angry face and then the release is very
important and then the walk away so you
got to get to walk away but there's a
part two part two is the apology if
you've been doing handshakes with no
apology afterwards you're probably doing
it wrong so then the apology comes later
sorry didn't mean to slap you up so
let's run through it again loosen up one
arm is bait let it dangle let it dangle
somebody's gonna grab there you got it
you got it you got a hip twist turn look
at them angry slap turn release walk
away got it
I don't think it's that hard I think
most of you could could manage that and
seen well let's talk about all the news
the news we got to look at news kind of
news all over two pages news like this
all the news just kidding there's not
much happening let's talk about it
anyway President Trump has labeled his
his defense of our embassy in Iraq as
quote the anti Benghazi that's right
he actually tweeted the anti Benghazi
does this man know his audience or what
because the entire audience was saying
don't Benghazi us like literally you
know a hundred million people the moment
they heard there was some trouble at the
Embassy in Iraq a hundred million people
thinking as one had the exactly the same
thought do not Benghazi us whatever you
do don't Benghazi us and so the
president of course being very tuned
into the will of the people has actually
branded it he branded a move
who brands their move have you ever seen
that before
he branded his move as the anti Benghazi
I can't like that any better than I do
now it's hard it's hard for me to know
exactly what Iran hopes to get out of
this apparently there was some big
umbrella group they told the protesters
to stand down but there's still one
Iranian backed group that's there and I
asked myself how much do I know about
what's going on over there and the
answer is not a lot because I'm trying
to understand how some other countries
militia can have a major protest in your
country so if you're Iraq how does the
Iraqi government and military allow
another country
I ran to hold the protest of their
country while attacking an embassy that
they protect does Iraq have any power
now of course I've known that Iran has
you know huge influence over Iraq but I
didn't know they had that much so I
think that's a little surprising to me
it looks like the United States is going
to dig in and if they want to fight they
can they can have it it appears that we
fed we made it clear that there's a line
and here's the line and if anybody gets
hurt it's gonna be a really bad day in
Iraq
it looks like the protesters sort of
understand that because somehow we've
had these major protests with zero
injuries anywhere it's kind of hard to
have a protest that big with no injuries
at all I mean maybe it's just not true
maybe there were injuries I got to think
there was rubber bullets have hurt a
little bit
so I guess some of the protesters got
shot with rubber bullets Lindsey Graham
did one of the best moves let's say
persuasion moves political moves one of
the best moves about this Iraqi thing so
Lindsey Graham tweets and I'm
paraphrasing that Iran better watch out
because they are an economy that depends
on oil refining now that is what you
call a threat you know if you say a
threat like oh don't do anything to us
we've got a big military we'll do
something back to you if you punch us
will punch you twice is heard now that's
good they you know you need to have a
credible threat but it's so unspecific
so nonspecific just to say will attack
you twice as hard
it doesn't really register the same way
a specific threat does so when Lindsey
Graham says to Iran you know you should
be careful what you do if your entire
economy depends on your oil refineries
that's really specific and is really
good
because the other thing it does is it
says we're not going to attack your
people because we don't have a beef with
your people we don't have a beef with
your even your military really you know
if if they stand down but if but if Iran
keeps causing trouble and American lives
are lost in particular they're gonna
lose their refineries and now ask
yourself if their entire economy depends
on the refineries and I don't mean that
every part of your economy but it's such
a big part that could take down the
economy if it went down I don't know how
we lose this do you unless we're worried
that they would respond aggressively on
the mainland and I suppose that they
would have those plans but have you ever
noticed that Iran is somebody's tweeted
this this morning is it true so first of
all let's just see if this is true so
fact check me on this is it true that
Iran has never sponsored a terror attack
in the United States because if that is
true I think that's important to know
because it would tell you there are
intentions obviously they have the
capability you know Iran could very
easily sponsor an attack in the United
States so if they haven't it means they
really don't want to and why is that
why would I ran be so you know bellicose
and so aggressive in the Middle East but
zero aggressiveness here well I would
think that their long-term ambition is
just to get the United States out of the
Middle East and attacking the homeland
would just make us dig in
so I think him bug us and cause pain in
the Middle East for as many decades as
it takes maybe they can get us out of
there and then they would have more
influence
so probably the last thing that Iran
wants is a hot war with the United
States I would think that would be
literally the last thing they'd want
I never thought of this middle ground
where we take out their refineries I
never really I don't know for some
reason that had never occurred to me
because I assume they're taking out
their economy would be a bigger deal but
now that you understand there might be
just a I don't know a handful of
refineries how many are there but we
could take them out in an afternoon so
Lindsey Graham is signaling to Iran
directly that we could take out their
economy and therefore I think the regime
because if the economy fell that hard I
don't have the regime would stay but
he's basically saying we could take you
out in an afternoon and nobody'll even
die so that's a really really good
threat Lindsey Graham so congratulations
on that did you see the video of the the
Iraq protesters trying to break down the
door they've got this battering ram
that's not the biggest battering ram in
the world I guess looks like the
diameters only I know 10 inches or
something and and you see all these
young men trying as hard as they can to
break down this door it looks like looks
like a glass door it must be some kind
of reinforced glass but they're hitting
this battering ram there's like 20 of
them and Mike Fitch Mike Stern efetch
tweeted that video and said it was the
most SOI battering ram and and until
until I saw that comment about how much
soy they were putting into that
battering ram that couldn't break
through a glass eye I laughed for about
two minutes after I saw that but it does
seem to me that there's something about
this protest this lacking passion you
know they got a lot of people to show up
but there's there's something kind of
lacking you know the fact that nobody
got hurt and they couldn't even get
their battery
through a glass door it just feels like
it's not their best protest you know
they're not putting their best people on
this one I think all right so that was
pretty funny
in other news Mike Bloomberg tweeted out
the worst tweet of 2019 I think for a
presidential candidate and this is what
he said so Mike Bloomberg rose as
president I'll turn the East Room into
an Open Office plan where I'll sit where
I'll sit with our team I'll use the Oval
Office for some official functions never
for tweeting but the rest of the time
I'll be aware a leader should be with
the team and then he shows a picture of
most about his mayoral office where it's
just the sea of cubicles and he's just
this little tiny dot in the middle of a
sea of just messy cubicles and I thought
to myself okay that Mike Bloomberg is a
really good way to become a mayor that
is mayor level tweeting and mayor level
game do you know what do you know what I
really don't walk and my President of
the United States I don't want him in a
cubicle may I say that again only louder
I don't want the person who is
representing my country the President of
the United States the commander-in-chief
of the most impressive military force
ever assembled in the universe as far as
we know I don't really want him in a
cubicle do you feel me now I know I'm
taking this harder than other people
because I am the guy who invented the
Dilbert comic I am probably more famous
for being associated with the horrors of
cubicles than anyone now he called it an
Open Office plan because I think it's
those low cubicle walls and the the only
thing worse than cubicles according to
every study is the Open Office
do you know who loves the OpenOffice the
guy who gets to tweet about it and say
look how awesome awesome I am I have an
OpenOffice yay I'm just like you that's
it the entire benefit of an OpenOffice
is that you can tell people you did it
that's all it is it doesn't have any
impact on any good impact on efficiency
productivity ability to do work it's all
bad it's completely bad you know offices
are way better in every possible way but
you get to brag about it now again as a
mayor or as a CEO of let's say a fortune
500 company if you said oh I'm just
gonna be the cubicle guy I'll work with
the team I can see that working you want
your mayor to be down in the trenches
don't you that's what a mayor is you
know mayor is really close to the people
let's say that is close to the people as
you get so a mayor working with the
people on the potholes and these
strategies and stuff like that makes
makes perfect sense
CEO yeah maybe depending on the culture
might want to make it look like an open
office make everybody feel equal
no big benefit but okay but as soon as
you take that to the office of the
presidency somebody somebody said this
in the comments just as I was thinking
it
Keller ATU says out of touch that's all
it feels like doesn't it it just feels
like Mike Bloomberg doesn't have the
game anymore because how did he not know
that this was a pretty good play for a
mayor and the worst play ever for a
president he didn't make that leap on
his own because that's sort of
broadcasting to me that he's lost a step
I can't see him making the same mistake
when he was 45 it doesn't it seem like
an old guys mistake and then he puts it
with the worst photograph of this big
busy messy looking environment that
inspire nobody and then he wraps it in a
boring tweet he made every mistake you
can make in one tweet he showed that
they don't have a good production stuff
obviously he doesn't have good advisors
who can actually change his mind because
there's no way his advisors said that
was a good idea
well they may have said it was a good
idea but do you think there was any
advisor of Mike Bloomberg who said yeah
Mike tell him tell him you're not going
to use the office tell him you're gonna
be in an Open Office plan I think that
could be our key to the White House do
you think there was even one adviser who
honestly told Mike Bloomberg that was a
good idea I doubt it because he's at
least paying for good advisers he's got
a lot of money he probably has really
good advisors so he's not taking advice
it seems I mean we don't know but it
would look like it from this and I've
never seen a more clear message that
he's not ready to be president it's
actually kind of shocking really
it's shocking have you noticed the bots
are back the Trump BOTS now I don't know
who runs the the pro Trump BOTS the the
Twitter users but they're they're so
easy to spot then it makes me wonder why
they last now I don't want to get them
kicked off a Twitter because they're
their BOTS on both sides and I guess
it's just part of the process now but
they have such a common look that I
always laugh when I see them so it's
usually a young mother or somebody who
you know is a youngish woman and it's
sort of a generic picture where you say
to yourself I'm not sure there's a real
woman there but it's a picture of woman
and then you look at the profile and
it's got all these you know these little
identifiers that then no real person
puts there is just clearly a bunch of
you know flags and symbols and mega and
all kinds of stuff
but I have to say they perform a service
so a number of them followed me and
tweeted me and they do a really good job
of surfacing the good pro-trump
content so if you've missed it the bots
are actually really helpful so good work
bots you know to the extent that you're
finding good content that people care
about and you're tweeting it not bad not
bad so I don't mind that at all
but the bots are bakken's they had
disappeared for a while also the trolls
are back I was noticing today trying to
figure out what the the 20/20 approach
would be on this impeachment stuff and
it looks like the it looks like the
Democrats the anti-trump errs have
chosen not surprisingly the least
effective thing they could do the least
effective thing that the anti-trump
purse could do is say haha you were
impeached because one of the Trump
supporters say no he wasn't it's sort of
the perfect two movies on one screen the
the anti-trump errs can claim with lots
of evidence that the president was
impeached they had a vote voted to
impeach the pro Trump people can claim
with equal credibility not really
because hasn't been sent over to the
Senate and if it ever went to the
Supreme Court to decide the Supreme
Court would probably say no nothing
really happened
I was credited with this thought but I
actually borrowed it from somebody saw
it on Twitter and was it was a Jeff I'm
not sure who's in it but the analogy was
this and this is one of those cases
where an analogy is just funny if you
plan to order a pizza but you don't
actually put in the order can you say
you've ordered a pizza
and so it is with impeachment sure you
voted on it but if you don't transmit it
can it be said that you impeached now I
love the fact that some legal experts
and I think mark levin is one of them is
saying that the senate because the
senate has full authority to hold a
trial any way they want could actually
they could actually vote to hold the
impeachment null and void
and i don't think anything would be
funnier than that what would be funnier
than the senate instead of voting yes or
no on impeachment which would still
allow that the impeachment happened you
just did not get confirmed in the senate
but it would be way funnier if the
senate just said and we're gonna make
the house the house is old null and void
how great would that be it would be just
the greatest humorous thing to do
because then the Trump supporters could
say with complete a fair argument that
there was no impeachment because it was
found null and void I absolutely love
that idea just for the provocation of it
i tweeted let's talk about kim jong-un
here's a little trick I learned in
hypnosis class all right I'm gonna teach
you something that at least some of you
may be a small percentage but some of
you are going to find this will totally
change your life and it's just a little
bit of advice that once you start
looking for it in in the in the world
you're gonna start noticing something
you hadn't noticed before and once you
notice it it'll be like this little
superpower and I know that because I
gained the superpower when I learned
hypnosis and it goes like this people
tell you what they want even if they're
not telling you what they want so that's
the tip
people will tell you in fairly direct
language what they want even if they
don't know they're doing it so people
will choose words that very clearly
transmit what they want without ever
intentionally doing it and if you start
looking for it
it's just so obvious that you'll be
amazed you didn't see it before now the
context I learned it says somebody's
giving me an example in the comments I'm
going to use your example
mattias so if so this is the actual
example that my hypnosis instructor gave
that people since people are sexual
creatures and we're never that far from
our mating instinct our language picks
up our mating preferences in just casual
language so if you're talking let's say
you go on let's say a co-worker date so
you with somebody who's whatever gender
you prefer and you're out on just a
co-worker lunch but you're thinking I
wonder if this co-worker has some sexual
thoughts about me now if it's a woman
she doesn't have to worry about it
because it's a man and probably does but
if you're a man and you're trying to
figure out if the other person has a
crush on you
watch for the language this literally
happened to me once when I had not long
after I'd learned this trick I had
learned that one of the one of the tells
is let's say you're a guy and you go out
to lunch and you bring the woman and
you're just friends but maybe maybe one
of you thinks it could turn into more if
the woman says I'm so hungry I'm
ravished your end because ravished is
the wrong word they meant to say I'm
famished this actually happened to me
that that that exact example was given
by my hypnotist professor who said if
you're on a date and your day says man I
haven't eaten all day I'm ravished your
date wants to get ravished
yeah or ravenous right I'm either
famished or I'm ravenously hungry but to
say I'm ravished is basically directly
telling you that's where my mind is all
right now the first time you hear it
you're gonna say to yourself oh it's
funny is confirmation bias you know I I
believe I'm hearing it because it's what
I wanted to hear that's the first time
you hear it then test it you go home
with that person next thing you know
it's your boyfriend and girlfriend watch
it happen again
in the example in the comments you're
talking to your potential partner and
the potential partner says oh I can't
make it today I'm all tied up do they
mean I'm busy
well it could mean innocently yeah I'm
all tied up with some other thing but
look for how often people will signal
their sexual preference just in their
ordinary language once you start seeing
it you can't unsee it and I've been
doing it for enough decades looking for
it and then testing later went out
whenever you could actually find out for
sure whether your hypothesis was right
or not it's really good it's really
predictive now it doesn't apply to just
peoples invading instinct people people
also will reveal what they want in just
regular conversations yes I'm seeing
more examples in the in the comments so
here's what Kim jong-un said and how he
told us what he wanted okay so listen to
what he says and then I'm gonna put the
hypnotist filter on it to tell you what
he wants all right so here's what Kim
said so they had some some big deal
where he threatened shocking action you
know if if the United States didn't do
what he wanted
now it's very unspecific what the
shocking action is and that's not the
interesting part here's the interesting
part
Kim during the party meeting declared
that the North will never give up at
security for economic benefits in the
face of what he described as
increasing US has lost ility and nuclear
threats so you say they'll never give up
his security for economic benefits Kim
told you exactly what he wants he he
wants security so here's what
and he's also described the exact
problem the problem is Kim is asking for
military security and apparently we've
offered him money economic security
doesn't keep him in power he's saying as
directly as you can possibly say it I
don't even care about the money because
I'm not starving he's saying it so
directly he wants security guarantees
now have we offered him security
guarantees I doubt it don't wouldn't you
doubt it I doubt we've offered anything
like that but could we offer him
something that was at least moving in
that general direction there would be
something short of a guarantee because
you know guarantees are are mostly just
words but is there a way we could say
you know Kim you've now communicated
directly what you need and directly you
need some guarantees that we're not
going to attack you here's what we could
do we could declare the end of the war
would that not look like a march in the
right direction we could say Kim we we
commit that we're gonna unify but
there's no date for it and we expressly
say that we're not going to overthrow
North Korea because we don't care we
don't care about North Korea we could
say Kim jong-un there's nothing we want
less than a war with you and we're going
to actually repurpose some of our forces
in South Korea's was more of a general
Asian you know base
it's not going to be about North Korea
we'd really love it if you turn your
guns away you know your artillery we'd
love it if if some international group
let's say India let's say we said you
know I know North Korea you don't want
the United States messing around and
even inspecting your stuff because you
think we're all spies etc but would you
trust India what what if India agreed to
be a middle group because they have you
know they have nuclear capabilities as
well so maybe they have people were
trained who could go over to North Korea
and say yeah you still have nukes you
know but they're not pointed at the
United States anymore
so just doesn't matter to us too much
anyway so that's that's my hypnotist
take on North Korea is that Kim has told
us exactly what he wants and I believe
that we have not offered anything even
in that domain or at least we haven't
heard of it so until you hear that the
United States is at least talking about
what would keep North Korea safe at the
same time we get what we want there's
nothing happening I would say it
wouldn't even qualify as a negotiation
if what we wrought with what we're
offering is economic and what they're
asking for is military you know
protection security there's no real
negotiation even happening which sounds
like what's going on all right I tweeted
provocatively and many people fell into
my trap yesterday that I suggested this
idea now this is more of a thought
experiment but I want to add some meat
to it the idea was this find a remote
spot in America some places away from
civilization and build a generation for
nuclear plant but have lots of space
allocated around it for future carbons
scrubbing technology and the carbon
scrubbers are a number of startups who
do this as I wrote about in my book
loser think which you should all have by
now
so you see you could allow them all to
test their things and here's the thing
once you get the generation 4 plant up
and running maybe it takes five years
you know you may have to get a rate and
before you've got a plant that's up and
running so let's say it's up now I've
been informed by people who are smarter
than me that it's no point in having an
isolated nuclear plant because for it to
operate right has to be connected to the
to the grid because it's producing power
all the time and that power needs to go
somewhere so you could connect it to the
grid even being far away from
civilization so that's just one more
power line and so let me get to the good
part of that the idea because I didn't
put that in the tweet and people jumped
on it right away so here and then I said
we should charge other countries the big
industrial countries for some day being
able to remove carbon directly from the
air with our generation for nuclear
plant providing all the free electricity
to all these carbon scrubbers and we'll
say we'll turn a business we'll make a
business out of it and there's no limit
to how big these scrubing fields can be
because you know we'll just scale them
up as as big as we need and we'll charge
the rest of the the world for our
services of cleaning the planet and
here's the fun part the part that
everybody screamed about and I said that
will do it in return for rejoining the
Paris Accords but here's the part I
didn't put in the tweet not joining the
Paris Accords the way they are but
rather redefining them so we would say
for example here's our deal we'll build
a giant carbon scrubbing complex to save
the world you will kick in so that
you're paying for it and in return we'll
rejoin the Paris Accords but it's our
only contribution so that's the key so
we would agree this is all just a
thought experiment right so the
agreement would be we'll rejoin the
Paris Accords but will be a special part
which is only doing one thing just one
thing we're building this giant carbon
scrubbing nuclear-powered facility that
could grow to any size can scale up
rather quickly other countries can bring
in their startups with with carbon stuff
and bringing it now now you may be
saying to yourself that's an impractical
idea Scott for any one of ten reasons
but here's the fun part that's why it's
a thought experiment the thought
experiment is this if we take a
proposition to the rest of the
industrial world and it looks like this
hey you guys it's great that you're
trying to reduce you to carbon
footprints and all that but there's
nothing you're doing that will make a
difference what we're doing might take
five years to get it up and running
might take ten but but we're doing
something massive we're doing something
on the scale of a Manhattan Project for
climate we're gonna do it in one
location but you need to fund it because
if you don't fund it we're not going to
do it and we're also not going to be
part of the Paris Accords you fund it
we'll build it and then it will join the
Paris Accords and we will have done
here's the fun part we will have done
more than all of you put together
and here's the great part suppose the
United States that says we don't really
even think there's a problem because
we've got a president who's called
climate change a hoax so we don't want
to spend our money on it but we would
certainly spend other people's money on
it we would certainly want to spend
China's money India's money because
they're polluting like crazy so somebody
says and Fukushima so if anybody's new
here generation four is the technology
that doesn't melt down because it can't
and it also eats existing nuclear waste
as its fuel so it reduces nuclear waste
in the world while eliminating the
chance of a meltdown because of the
design makes that impossible the old
Fukushima type designs were the slightly
more dangerous kind
not slightly far more dangerous because
then they put their backup generators
below sea level in a tsunami zone so you
can't really compare anything to
Fukushima Fukushima now I I've
identified whenever you talk about
climate change there are certain
personalities that emerge anytime I
tweet at it there's the there's the co2
is plant food guy have you ever seen
this any any tweet thread on climate
change there's always the guy it's
always a guy it's never a woman it's a
guy who comes in to inform everybody
who's reading the the content do you
know
co2 is plant food and if you remove all
the plant food all the plants will die
now pretty sure every scientist I am
sure every scientist knows that if you
remove too much co2 the plant would die
pretty sure we would unplug the machines
before that happened so that guy always
makes me laugh because he thinks that
nobody's heard that before
oh the co2 was plant food that's the
worst take the other worst take is that
it's the Sun and that the scientists
forgot to include all the elements of
the Sun that's the worst tank so you can
certainly be a skeptic on climate change
and there's plenty of room for that I
think even though the consensus is on
one side there's always room for
skepticism but don't do the bad ones the
bad ones are that the scientists forgot
the Sun when they were studying warming
maybe but I don't think so
that would be the least likely thing all
right and I believe that's all we have
to talk about today
breakout thank you for that one yeah
that needs to be a Dale Scott co2 is
already down to 0.04 percent of air it's
dangerously low there he is there's
there's the co2 guy so I told you that
every conversation brings out that guy
and then that guy came out just
that Scott don't you understand
don't you understand co2 is plant food
see what you used to be weight higher in
the past if it gets lower all plans to
die co2 co2 plant food guy he needs to
be like a Saturday Night Live character
and then there's some guy was warming
this his son the scientists forgot to
study the Sodom
alright the sixteen largest freight
ships release more pollution than all
personal cars in the world says stranger
on Twitter I don't know that that's true
it would be really interesting if it
were did I celebrate last night now I
did not random date changes do not
excite me and I don't drink and
Christina doesn't drink either which is
one of our many compatibilities some
days some day I'll run down the list of
all the ways that Christina and I are
weirdly compatible it's like there's
just so many things it's people are I
think surprised that we're a couple for
all the obvious reasons but you would be
twice as surprised how many things we
have exactly in common that that really
better alright I was talking about that
Scott you're doing what you don't like
ridiculing a belief what I love
ridiculing beliefs are you kidding me
alright just looking at your comments
yeah I was surprised that so many of you
were awake just for this was she
ravenous
um somebody says you got money she likes
money well I think we could be we could
be reasonable adults on my periscope is
there any such thing as a marriage that
isn't about money at least in some
important way if there's anybody out
there who's getting married and they
haven't considered you know both of your
financial situations and what it looks
like together you really ought not get
married so the very minimum like I guess
the minimum standard for even thinking
about getting married is do the finances
work yeah if you add the two of you
together do you die or do you do better
so every time everybody says oh it's
about money you know in any relationship
whether it's mine or anybody else I
always say how would it not be isn't
that like one of the most basic things
you've got to work out that the money
works for both of you in whatever way so
do you think Trump and Kim signed the
agreement just to signal progress yes in
the sense I mean anything that was but
is there any signed agreement we don't
have do we have a signed agreement with
North Korea I guess there was some kind
of agreement that said we would work
toward denuclearizing the entire Korean
Peninsula but it was nonspecific yeah
all right
so I got for now and I will I will talk
to you later