pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom pom hey everybody it's
just about time well actually it is time
for a coffee with Scott Adams as luck
would have it you're here on time you're
the smart ones you're the fast ones and
if I might say many of you are
surprisingly good-looking sexy even so I
know why you're here
you came for the simultaneous scent and
doesn't take much to participate we just
wait for a thousand people to come in
here and then you just grab your copper
your mugger your glass you sign your
chalice your tankers your thermos your
flasks your canteen your vessel of any
kind selling with your favorite like
what I like coffee simultaneous sip now
go divine so I tried to call Sears Home
Warranty the other day to complain about
something and I got what I call the the
full menu of bad customer service
have you ever add this experience you're
calling somebody to get some help on
some some problem the first thing you
get is the automated answer and the
second thing is you wait for the choice
that's yours and there isn't one that's
the first thing you get an automated
electronic answer this says you know
press 1 for this press 2 for this and
then none of the choices none of them
are anything that that helps you so you
pick one or you do zero or you you pick
the wrong one and you try to work
yourself to the right place then you
always get the person who's ready to
help and they start asking you questions
your your name your address your account
number some details about why you're
calling and you think finally I've got
to somebody I gave them all my details
and here we go I'm gonna give some help
and then what does that
always say okay thank you let me
transfer you to the people who can help
at which point I say well who the hell
were you I just gave you all my
information and told you the whole story
and all you're gonna do is transfer me
to somebody who can help and when they
transfer you to someone who can what do
you do you give them all the same
information which I did but of course
there's another trick - it's the garble
they transfer you to another line but
the other line answers and they go and
you go huh
I can't hear you can you speak louder oh
the wall and it's a garbled thing and
I'm telling them to move there move
there their headset around and finally
I'm like okay I can get it I can get
just enough of what you're saying I
think we can do this and you go through
the whole steps again and giving all
your information your address and
everything and when and when this guy
was done what do you think he did he had
all my information he said oh you're
talking to the warranty department what
you want is the warranty department
customer service department so he says
please please hold I'll transfer you
what what happens then the next thing
that happens is you get disconnected
right so I was waiting to get
disconnected but instead it was the
third person with yet another garbled
line now what are the odds that you get
transferred to somebody whose line is
also garbled sounds like their head is
in a in a fishbowl morally I'm not even
talking about accent you know so nothing
none of this has to do with accent I'm
just talking about the actual phone
connection and then you get and then you
give them I give them my phone number
and they go well we don't have you in
our database so the next thing is you
find out that their database of
customers is so bad that they think
you're not in it even though the first
person you talked to looked it up
and and then what's the last thing they
do they put you on hold
how long do they put you on hold and
does it disconnect before they're done
well let me tell you I did get finally
get through and canceled my service but
yeah it was it was every trick in the
book all right there's a report that US
and Chinese officials held a quote
working-level meeting in which the
Chinese claimed that they're making
progress in in battling the fentanyl
shipments to the United States and of
course they want the sanctions taken off
now do you believe that the Chinese have
done something that you would call
progress in terms of stopping fentanyl
shipments to this country not if the one
guy who's doing it is still alive how in
the world can China claim that they're
making progress on fentanyl when do we
know the name and and I think the
address of the person who's responsible
there's like one guy who's basically
responsible we know his name and we know
where he lives in China says we're
making progress show me a picture of his
dead body show me a photograph of that
guy dead I'll call that progress don't
tell me you're making progress
if that guy's walking around free and
alive that's not progress that's not
even trying so let's be clear China
you're not trying don't pretend to tell
us you're trying there's nothing
happening you're not getting a trade
deal there's no trade deal coming
we should completely disengage this is a
murderous company country that cannot be
trusted their government cannot be
trusted to make trade deals they're not
going to keep them and we can tell that
just from the fentanyl situation and the
Hong Kong situation
you look at Hong Kong and you look at
the fentanyl situation we can say
conclusively this is not a country that
you can do business with they're gonna
steal your IP they're gonna send you
fentanyl and they're not going to keep
their side of the deal so pull out let's
let's it's going to hurt it's gonna be a
lot of trouble but let's just get out of
China that's what I say
the latest Joe Biden gaffe is in the in
some event he actually said this
sentence he was talking about immigrants
who come to this country and he said of
the immigrants that they quote become
Americans before a lot of Americans
become Americans ok all right so it's
time to talk about Elizabeth Warren I
think because Biden I I just I'm kind of
fascinated on what it will take for
Biden's friends and family to talk him
out of the race I think what it's going
to take is that I think Biden has to put
in a certain amount of work and get to a
certain point so that he can say he
tried because I don't think Biden wants
to look as though he went away meekly
he's got to do something that looked
like he tried and if if the public keeps
voting for him or not voting but if they
keep saying that they're going to vote
for him in polls it's going to be hard
for him to leave the race when he's at
the top so the public meaning the
Democrats would get polled on this
question really need to step it up they
need to step it up a little bit and and
help him help him make a graceful exit
that he can keep his but he can you know
he can go with dignity I think we owe
him that some of you say we don't owe
him anything
I know
so I was telling you yesterday my
explanation of why Kamala Harris is the
only one who who has a chance of making
a good run at president Trump because
she has she doesn't have any fatal flaws
the other three seemed the three above
her seem to have fatal flaws that will
limit their popularity
whereas Harris probably could fix her
minor flaws so her minor flaws is if she
doesn't campaign that well she's not
that interesting but those are the sorts
of things you can figure out and you can
improve but you can't improve whatever
Biden's got going on that's not
something that gets better and Bernie
seems to have a cap on his popularity
otherwise he would have you would have
Biden's votes except for whatever is
keeping Bernie at his level of
popularity seems to be like a hard
ceiling and then Elizabeth Warren has 1%
african-american support so that's
that's not a good sign of something you
could win the general but here's the
interesting part
Fox News is reporting that's somebody
important in the Trump campaign has said
the following quote the one who scares
me the most in the general is Cobble
Harris the official said described by
the Washington Times as quote a key
player in Trump's campaign oh so it's
the Washington Times reporting it but I
think I saw it on Fox News so some
unnamed person in the campaign Trump
campaigns it was a key player said that
Harris was the least flawed so there's
at least somebody in the campaign who
sees this exactly the same way I do but
you know I don't think I'd seen it
reported this way until this story right
had you seen any reporting that was this
similar to to what I'd been saying until
now
probably not all right do you know eric
mccormack he was he's the TV star of
Will & Grace the original as well as the
the one that came back I don't know if
that's still in the air or not
but he here he calls for a boycott of
anybody in Hollywood who was going to
attend a California fundraiser for
President Trump so in public he called
for the names of everyone in Hollywood
who would go to a Trump fundraiser so
that they could not work with that
person again so literally literally
Hollywood is suggesting a trade war
against ourselves in which the United
States has a has boycotts and trade and
trade wars within its own borders
against each other can you think of
anything that would be more racist and
more divisive divisive whatever that
word is unbelievably damaging
unbelievably stupid now there's some
things you can say well that's just a
priority somebody has a different
priority than I do that's why they have
different preferences different opinions
but in this case this is not a question
of a different priority if if you're
actually suggesting in public that
Americans Boyka other Americans because
of their political opinions said who
they vote for you're not part of the
smart ground because that's not a
process that could ever lead to anything
good the worst thing that could happen
to this country is that people would
take Arab McCormick's advice well what
would you do if eric mccormack
successfully got people to name names of
everybody who went to a Trump fundraiser
in Hollywood and then all the the
Hollywood people said all right these
are the people we're not going to work
with again what's the first thing you'd
say would happen the first thing you'd
say would happen is that 40% of the
country would never watch Eric
McCormick's content again so anything
that eric mccormack is in is going to
get crushed at the box office because
you know something like 40% of the
country is going to say okay how about
we never watch anything your ever and
again
then how about all the people who work
with eric mccormack it's not their fault
why he said they're just trying to mind
their own business do their job but
suddenly the project that eric mccormack
son nobody can nobody can sell it
anymore because there aren't enough
people who want to watch it because of
him well what happens to all the people
he works with
they end up getting drawn into this and
all they they just wanted to go to work
and get a paycheck and suddenly eric
mccormack has ruined the entire project
he's on Plus anything else he touches
the level of stupidity it takes to call
for a boycott among your own country is
is just breathtaking it's breathtaking
now one can imagine that there's
something so bad that you would have to
act you know if you had an actual Hitler
who was in charge et cetera but Eric
it's been now three years ish three
years of Trump how how many things were
you write about think about all the
things you thought were gonna happen and
then compare it to the things that
happened and then compare that to what I
said was gonna happen and what actually
happened you know did you see 14 million
people get rounded up and sent home no
no
did you see concentration camps for gay
people no no you didn't you saw the
opposite of all that you saw a prison
reform you saw employment go up you saw
international relations look pretty calm
at the moment you saw the president
negotiating hard against China and now
you learned why I mean when Trump was
first saying we got to push on China
hard I have to admit I wasn't too
informed on the topic and I said to
myself ah maybe we don't need to push
China that hard I remember thinking to
myself do we yeah maybe that's just a
campaign thing you say maybe we don't
need to push him and sure enough once
the full star
comes to light and there's actually some
reporting about China we do have to push
him right out the doors where we need to
push him so there's that so there's a
story about president Trump's assistant
getting fired Western out so is that was
his personal assistant and apparently
she got drunk says some things to some
reporters about the president's family
and it got back to him and she got fired
here's the real story the real story is
alcohol if it's not being reported as
the problem is alcohol sort of missing
the point of the story am I mistaken or
did I see did I see that she had two
drunk driving arrests can somebody fact
check that I don't want to say that sort
of thing in public unless it's true but
I thought I saw that she had a couple of
away was it no wasn't her I've got the
wrong person don't know
yeah cancel that she does not I'm
thinking about somebody else yes you're
correct that was the press secretary so
Western out did not have drunk driving
arrests so make sure that everybody's
clear on that or at least as far as I
know there was no drunk driving arrests
but uh-huh
I don't think you can ever under play
how important alcohol and drugs are to
the things you see you know how many
things do you see where people does some
people do things that are dumb in public
and there was some kind of drug involved
it's so common it's almost like that's
how the reporting should be the
reporting should be what some dumbass
did and then what drug they run so
should be this person shot up a public
place and they were on the following
drugs this person gave up some secrets
and they had been drinking I think that
just needs to be part of the story we
should always because I've often said
that
when a person takes a drug or person
drinks they become a new person so the
person without a drug is a certain
person but a person who then puts
alcohol or some drug in them becomes
chemically just a different person and I
want to know who that person was that
made the mistake was it you plus alcohol
all right here's the outrage the theater
of the day are you ready we all like to
be outraged because outrage feels good I
remember the rules the rules of being
outraged are that we're always outraged
on behalf of hypothetical people who are
less awesome than than ourselves
so outrage only works if you can imagine
that you and I we're we're sort of above
it you and I oh my god you and I are not
bothered by little stuff but I'll tell
you what's true other people people who
are none nearly as awesome as we are
they should be enraged by the things
they see and let me give you an example
well let me invite Dale over to tell us
about the latest outrage it turns out
that damn it did I not write down her
name and then just forgot it this story
won't be nearly as good if I can't
remember her name
who is the name of the the attractive
actress on Modern Family
from Columbia at least in the show she's
from Columbia
somebody help me out her name is dammit
I made notes and I didn't write down her
name well let's just say that there's a
Sophia Vergara
there you go thank you so thanks for the
assist so fear of regard Sophia Vergara
is getting some outrage from people
because she took some photos in the
contact
hurricane durian was coming and they
posed in a beachy in their bathing suits
basically and and the caption was
waiting for durian so service Sofia
Vergara and some friend of hers they
posed with bathing suits and the caption
was waiting for Dorian
but then before Dorian got there they
got in their private jet took some more
photos and went home and people were
saying my god you're tone deaf because
you're sort of making fun of the
hurricane but allow me allow me to do
this for you this is an outrage it's an
outrage I say the Sofia Vergara could
make light of a coming hurricane no not
it's not because it bothers you cuz
you're awesome what why would you be
bothered by something stupid you're not
stupid come on why would I be bothered
by it well you and I are awesome
we're not bothered by these outrageous
but let's agree there are dumb people
all over I don't know who they are
I've never met one but I believe there
are dumb people all over who are really
worked up about this this is going to
affect them in some negative way that I
can't define and it looks like this
what Sofia Vergara took a picture when
the hurricane was coming how tone-deaf
she's so very toned up on behalf of
other people it's an outrage so that's
our age theatre for today famous
baseball player died of a fentanyl and
other drug overdose every time some
famous person dies from a fentanyl
related overdose we get a little more
serious about that problem so I just
mentioned it to stay yeah to stay
serious and he knows that the the racism
thing seems to be settling down a little
bit does it feel to you that the
anti-trump errs are
trying to find something that they can
just grab on to something that they can
really run with and what's the New York
Times got busted for creating the what
is obviously a a fake framework for
which they will tell all their news
stories which is everything's about
racism since they got busted and on that
wouldn't it make every story about
racism between now and Election Day look
fake I mean not fake in terms of the
details or Nestle it necessarily going
to be wrong although that might happen
too but fake in terms of it just looks
like somebody's trying to make a
narrative because the New York Times
admitted that's exactly what they're
doing it feels to be like there's some
kind of pull back from that approach now
maybe it's too early and maybe it's just
a little pull back that's more to do
with the fact that it's August maybe
we'll see more of it I would assume we
would but here's the thing you can't
underestimate you can't underestimate
the influence of Dave Chappelle and if
you recall when I watched it I
immediately got on here and said drop
what you're doing you have to watch it
it's a masterpiece and that's what I
think in turn you know if you can call
stand-up comedy art I guess you could I
mean it is its art then within the genre
of stand-up comedy there are going to be
some that are just masterpieces I would
say the Chappelle's the latest
performance is almost transcends the
almost transcends the form to the point
of masterpiece and part of what makes it
a masterpiece is how angry it made some
people some people got really angry
about it now if you if you look at just
the small say the small details of what
he said if you look at not the contact
or the larger message if you ignore all
the the larger beauty of what he was
doing you just look at the small jokes
it's easy for you to say oh he's being
insensitive he's being I don't know
misogynistic he's being racist he's
being something it would be easy to say
that if you just looked at the
individual jokes for what made it a
masterpiece is that it wasn't a
collection of individual jokes now I
don't know how often stand-up comedians
put together something that's larger
than the sum of their jokes usually it
just looks like a bunch of jokes in the
series and you say well that was I'm
glad I spent an hour listening to them
because each of those jokes was pretty
good that's typical what she upheld did
was he took a run as society itself
Chapelle just walked up to the you know
the the structure of reality and said
I'm gonna tell you some jokes but watch
this I'm gonna mess with your reality
you know I'm not just gonna make you
laugh I'm gonna change you I'm gonna
turn you into something different and
I'm gonna change the entire society
while I'm doing it that's what it felt
like it felt to me like he was grabbing
reality and saying yeah this isn't about
the jokes
oh yeah there'll be jokes there will be
jokes but watch this rip and they just
ripped it in half right in front of us
it felt like now you've probably seen a
number of people who you would not
expect come forward and say stop this
you should watch this special I think
Ben Shapiro has said that on Twitter the
other day and a bunch of other people
say the same thing they're saying no
this is special this isn't just funny
this is something else in it I've been
wrestling with it since I watched it I'm
thinking of actually rewatching it for
this purpose but I felt like something
bigger was happening there and I think
people sense that when they watch it now
one interpretation people are making it
that because he was so let's say
intentionally offensive meaning he
looked at the audience and he said I'm
going to offend you in essence and then
he went and offended them but you were
laughing while you were being offended
which changed completely how you how you
received this offense and my favorite
part about it was he did Chappelle did a
piece I don't want to ruin it but he
does a piece where any objective
observer would say oh my god okay no
matter what you think a Dave Chappelle
that thing that specific joke that's
racist that's what I said to myself I
said okay he was he was right on the
line he was pushing the envelope but on
that one joke that's not on the line
anymore that's just flat-out racist and
it was racist against Chinese people and
he did a Chinese imitation that there's
no other way to interpret it but okay
that's that's just flat-out racist
that's one of the jokes you shouldn't do
and then after he makes you live with
that for a while and you think oh god I
liked I like Chappelle but that's too
far
alright that's not that's not the world
I want to live in I don't want to live
in the world where even Dave Chappelle
can tell a flat-out racist joke mocking
Chinese people I don't want to see that
and then Chappelle tells me he's married
to a Chinese woman and you just go
dammit she fell dammit Chappelle you got
me because it wasn't racist because he
was actually talking about a joke that
he does at home it's something he
literally does with his wife who's
Chinese and he does it the essence of
the joke was it's a black person with a
Chinese person inside them or something
and at the same time he's making you a
question how you're feeling about you
know transgender and LGBTQ and
everything and all of it is terribly
uncomfortable you're uncomfortable and
you're laughing at the same time which
is
pretty pretty amazing anyway in the end
this was my take he made he made me go
through all of the emotions of oh my god
I'm outraged that's too far yeah and all
that and then at the end it was so
obvious at the end that he doesn't hold
any of those opinions meaning that he is
actually surprisingly not surprisingly
but amazingly open-minded it's very
clear he does not have personal bad
feelings about any of the people he made
fun of that much comes through pretty
clearly but because he took you on that
journey you experienced you experienced
being outraged and then he showed you it
wasn't real now I guess that was the
magic trick the magic trick was making
you feel outraged and feel offended and
then immediately show you it was a it
was an illusion that you would you would
just had not seen enough context to know
that you were being bamboozled and that
I think that took it to another level of
art in my opinion all right that's all
I'm gonna say about that I don't have
much else to say I'm gonna keep this
short
I put it on the headphones in case
anybody wants to ask a question and it
looks like at least one person is Jakob
we're gonna see if you were paying
attention let me take some questions
Jacob are you there
and Jacob hey do you have a question you
would like to ask yes I'm about to start
my final year of school in a few days
and I was wondering if you had any tips
or advice on actually remembering my
studies because it's a lot of reading
you know it's programming so it's a ton
of just looking at mind-numbing info
yeah I'm having a lot of trouble
recalling it like I was yeah okay I'll
give you some memory tips so here's some
studying memory tips that would work for
any for your job or anything else you
want to find as many
your five senses get them involved as
you can so what I like to do is if I'm
just let's say reading the book and I'm
trying to remember it
I might highlight portions because I
guess my my arm involved and my eyes
involved and adds a color now it isn't
so much that you're just highlighting
things so you can go back and look at
them later although that's good but
rather you're putting more of your body
into the process so the more things that
get involved if you can see it hear it
say it out loud so I might read it then
I might say it out loud I'm I repeated a
few times then aloud I might write it
down on a separate note I might
highlight it but I want to get as many
of my my bodily senses involved and then
I want to say what does it remind me of
so I might say okay this is a lot like X
there's a lot like Y works like this if
you took away this element so I try to
combine it with something that I've seen
before put it put it with all the things
that remind me of this so that there's a
bigger category that it fits in and that
might be easier to remember so that's
what I do and then you by make a
separate page of just the things that
you keep trying to remember but you
don't remember and then narrow down the
list of things you can't remember until
gets down to zero so that's what I do
good question if I get all your self
your balls all right take care
take care looks like we have other
people asking questions here I like to
pick people whose whose profile looks
like it might actually be a real person
so we're going to try super-badass here
are you there caller Ken do you have a
question for me
okay so I I'm having a little trouble
hearing the question it was do I
recommend a certain type of music for
some functional person purpose what what
was the function for like yesterday yes
so I've you you may not have heard my
occasional rants against music I
consider music a form of pollution
meaning that it's something that gets
into your head that may not be
influencing your mind the way you want
it to and so I don't listen to music
recreationally because I don't want to
have a part of my mental process
repeating a song in my head that isn't
helping me so so I you know I can enjoy
music as much as the next person but I
treat it like a drug and this is this is
what I mean if I go to the gym I might
want to listen to a certain subset of
music that is compatible with working
out and there are times when you just
need to take your mind off of something
that you can use it for that but I would
not randomly listen to music and just
because I'm bored because music good
music the music that becomes a hit the
ones that you're likely to hear are
powerful and they're powerful because
they jack your emotions and it might be
jacking your emotions in ways that are
not compatible with what you want to do
that day so for example if you started
there in a good mood and you were
playing your playlist and it was a bunch
of included a bunch of unhappy singers
who had lost their loves and I would say
that's programming your mind in a way
you didn't want it programs because you
were in a good mood before it started
likewise anything that's just as noise
and distraction eats up eats up brain
cells etc alright getting rid of person
who says wrong
for those of you who knew you get
blocked for using the single word wrong
but alright thank you for your question
thank you let's take another question
those are pretty good questions actually
I if I do say so let's pick April is
that working April has cancelled April
went ran away let's how about Tom Tom
Tom Tom Tom are you there
good do you have a question for me okay
you talked about hypnosis in certain xx
like 20% people are very susceptible to
hypnosis right if you're a performer
like a hypnotist are there cue that when
you're interviewing people that tell you
this is a good subject do they yes
people yes
so stage hypnotists are looking for the
people in the crowd who are the most
easily hypnotizable and they usually do
tests of the crowd to to figure it out
and one of the classic tests are they
they tell everybody in the crowd okay
put your hands together like this and
hold your hands together and then the
hypnotist will give the suggestion that
your hands are stuck together and then
after he works on the suggestion a
little bit he'll tell the crowd okay now
open your hands now 80% of the people in
the crowd will think I I wonder if this
is going to work and then they'll go and
and nothing happened just absolutely
nothing they'll just go twenty percent
of the crowd will go like this they'll
just be that little bit of hesitation
and the hypnotist is looking for that
and they'll say okay you you you you you
you it'll bring let's say twelve people
up on the stage of the twelve some of
those were false negatives in other
words it's hard to detect a very little
hesitation so we the hypnotist is going
to get a few of them
so the hypnotist will give them further
suggestions you know whatever is the
next suggestion and then you'll see the
reaction again and then he'll usually
weed out a few more so the typical
process is you're looking for the
smallest little indications of
hypnotizability in your physicality
something about your body
maybe he tells you that that you you're
itchy or that you're gonna sneeze or
something and it just looks for the any
any indication that shows people are
being influenced by the suggestion so
that's how it's done thank you for the
question
all right let's go to Greg Greg you're
live at a moment Greg Greg Greg Greg
Greg can you hear me do you have a
question for me Greg another funny one
you drink coffee every day but your
teeth are so bright way so are you
really happy or what do you I really AM
drinking coffee and the the trick to
white teeth is being rich basically
that's the trick so if you have enough
money you can go to your dentist and you
can get something called veneers which
are which are what at which are what I
have so my front teeth but not all of
them have a what's the material it might
be porcelain but it's a veneer over top
of the regular teeth there's
semi-permanent meaning that every 15
years or so you might have have to guess
I'm replaced but even the veneers can't
be totally white because they're
influenced by the actual natural color
of your teeth that are beneath them some
of that color gets through so you when
you get to veneers you get to choose you
get to choose what kind of whiteness you
want if you choose to white everybody
looks at you and says well those are
some fake teeth you got there if you
choose just white enough then people say
hey you've got something that's
white teeth there so that's where I I
tried to hit that zone where people like
you would say huh those look like
natural teeth why are they so white
now here's another trick I did because
I'm a hypnotist I'm gonna show you an
imperfection in my smile see this see
this this bottom tooth is higher than
the ones that's intentional I had a
choice of making that look perfect
I chose imperfect because most of my
smile is cosmetically you know fixed to
be near perfect but I left a little bit
of imperfection along the bottom so that
if you saw it you would be fooled into
thinking they were natural teeth
completely natural because nobody would
leave an imperfection that is dental
hypnosis it was a good question thanks
for asking by the way there per the the
cost the cost is I don't know depending
on how many teeth and whether you have
you have to have posts installed or not
it could be $30,000 it's pretty
expensive so just so you know thanks for
asking
alright let's go to Paul Paul was my
father's name
not that that's important but Paul can
you hear me Paul Paul Paul is not with
us let's try someone else
let's try Alex Alex Alex Alex takes for
a second for the system to connect Alex
are you there again do you have a
question for me I'm actually a perfect
time to get some advice okay I'm in some
turmoil over my girlfriend
okay so I've got a little bit of
feedback on the audio there so give me
the question quick and then a little
answer abandoning her put her away for
our continued heroine yes if you have an
addict in your life just get them out of
your life and save yourself that's what
I say now you might need to turn off the
if you could turn down the audio because
my audio is is coming back so could you
meet mute me thank you so I'm still here
me yeah yeah that's better thank you so
I've had a lot of experience with
addicts so I've had you know loved ones
who were alcoholics years ago etc and so
I ended up learning a lot about how do
you handle those situations the the
thing that doesn't work is giving them
support because if you give them some
support they will just stay addicts
because they have support and they can
they can make that work
you my my view is that if you have
somebody who's on heroin for example and
you're pretty sure that they're they're
addicted they didn't it's not something
they did once on a weekend or something
but you should just get them out of your
life I hate I hate to say it because
it's the harshest advice you'll ever
hear now your loved one might die and
then they might die because you you left
them to die but one of you is going to
go down and the only option you have is
whether you go with them so if you want
to die
trying to save somebody who doesn't want
to be saved in other words they're not
trying hard enough to get clean you can
do that and unfortunately most people
take that choice but I'm gonna give you
permission and watch how important this
is this is very important to you the
part of the reason that you would not
feel comfortable letting a loved one go
if they have an addiction is because you
would suffer tremendous guilt and you
would never be sure if you
made the right decision so what I'm
doing for you is a gift it's the right
decision you should never feel guilty
about it and you should expect that they
might die that's those are the tough
choices because you're an adult you're
an adult in a world where people live
and die sometimes because of our
decisions you can save yourself if you
can save yourself do it but you need to
be tough you need to tell that person
that you'll help them get into treatment
because that that's always fair I mean
if you can help them get into some kind
of a treatment and they're serious about
it then by all means be supportive if
you've got somebody who says no I'm not
going into treatment or I'll only go in
to make you happy for a week but it's
not real you should let them go assuming
they're over 18 and they're adults you
have to if there are 18 and you're in
charge of them you've got a different
situation but I say let them go it's a
world full of addicts and those addicts
will tear you apart if you have not
learned this yet part of the addictive
personality is the destruction of loved
ones it's not an accident if it looks
like your life is being targeted by
somebody and you're thinking to yourself
surely they don't mean to be doing this
to me surely it's just bad luck that
it's so bad for me because I'm not the
addict I'm just I mean just in the blast
zone the thing you need to know is that
every addict is doing that to every
loved one there's there's no exceptions
if you're an addict you're you're
ruining the lives of the people around
you period every time it's a hundred
percent they're all ruining the lives of
the people close to them you can put up
with that but you can't win that way
there's no there's no winning path where
you're supportive of somebody who's an
addict and they're not trying to get
better if they are trying to get better
I say by all means do what you can but
if they haven't made the decision cut
and run you will never be you will never
regret it if you feel guilt remember
this conversation and by the way do some
research
you know you don't have to take my word
for it if you talk to the experts in
this field they will all tell you what I
just told you get away just get away
this person might die there's nothing
you can do about it and it won't be your
fault it's not your fault that's that's
my gift to you
if you by the way look at the comments
you will see in the comments 100%
agreement with what I'm saying 100%
every person who's been through this
agrees with me right look at the
comments every person yeah right yeah
that was my gift to you I sensed that
what you needed was to hear from
somebody else and now you've heard it
from me but you can see in the comments
that it's worth playing back if you if
you weren't looking at the comments you
should lay them back because the
comments are unified that you just
protect yourself and it does sound like
you already made the right decision
that's all for now I will thank you for
that question
and let's take another question since
we're on a roll
why not miss rhetorical this should be
interesting
can you hear me yet miss rhetorical
hello in though she has cancelled all
right let's go to some people just can't
take the pressure I guess sad Loreen I'm
trying to get some gender diversity here
Loreen are you there I can do you have a
question for me I don't actually have a
question but the Biden gaps where he
said they become more American than
Americans yeah that actually makes sense
to me because and you know all his
others so I feel extra bad for him
yeah something that makes sense and I
feel like I'm the only one that
understood it which might also be weird
but basically they're just demonstrating
traditional American values is that not
is that am I crazy for hearing that well
I I would agree that that's probably
something like what he intended but
there's there's more than the issue of
what he meant there's the issue of how
he communicated it so that's that's the
the problem there is how we put the
words together the the fact that so many
people heard it and when I mean that
alone tells you there was something
wrong with it I I wouldn't I wouldn't
disagree with that they in his mind
that's probably what his intention was I
I can't read his mind but I feel it that
feels like a perfectly reasonable thing
to say yes are you still doing that yeah
so Christina and I spent mostly
proceedeth spent last night putting
together the equipment in a studio in
the room down the hall and we we have
one more piece of equipment we need to
to mix the sound etc so we'll get that
so it's gonna be a sort of a process
where we're putting it together
attesting it before you see anything but
maybe in the next I'd say three weeks
from then we'll have our first one okay
all right thank you night bye all right
let's see if Peter has a question for me
Peter Peter Peter can you hear me
hey good morning do you have a question
for me always - that's nothing about
addiction and I'd like to hear your
thoughts on the concept of forgiveness
specifically when someone's injured you
do you ever forgive them and if you
don't forgive them at what point do you
seek revenge
well I'm not a believer so I don't have
a religious framework that that I tried
to attach things to so the idea of
forgiveness doesn't make complete sense
in my model of the world so I guess I
would leave that to someone who has a
religious tradition similar to yours to
give you the answer that's more
compatible maybe but in my case let me
answer it more generically then it's a
non-believers opinion that I'm
interested in because I recognize that
it's not illogical so in my opinion my
forgiveness is usually irrelevant
i I'm not sure I believe that my
forgiveness changes anything now
somebody needs an S for it and has
earned it I'm happy to say the words but
I don't put a lot of plot of weight on
the concept of forgiveness just because
I don't have a religious background so I
just say that you make your decisions
based on what you expect is going to
happen next so if somebody has done
something bad in the past but I'm pretty
sure it's not going to happen again and
they feel bad about it and they've
apologized or whatever I'm usually
pretty willing to let it go so long as
there's a good reason to expect it's not
going to repeat so my take is that we
live in the faulty world were were
flawed people surrounded by flawed
people and if we can't if we can't let
the small stuff go it's just too hard to
live with other people so as a strong
rule I'd like to let the small stuff go
because I'd like I'd like other people
to treat me that way I mean that the
whole golden rule thing is not just
about what is morally appropriate it's
about what works right you'd rather live
in a society where people have the same
attitude of okay you shouldn't have done
that you said you're sorry I got other
things to think about you know tomorrow
it'll be me who makes a mistake I'll ask
you for forgiveness
I hope you get over it as quickly as I
did so it's just a good system I don't
know if I answered your question though
did I well that that's great for the say
trivial offenses where you're really
there may not even be something to
forgive or you don't feel terribly
offended about it but then at what point
do you seek revenge or estelí I'll tell
you the only time that I would seek
something that I would call revenge
is if I were sure it was in the context
of karma and making the world a better
place there there are many times I find
myself in this situation where I could
easily not push back because it's just
not worth my time and I say to myself
okay somebody did something pretty bad
to me
and my instinct is to push back and get
revenge but I think I'd rather just go
on with my life
sometimes I'll do that if I think the
offense was some kind of one-off weird
situation but if I think there's a
person who needs to be brought back in
line with let's say society's favored
standards then I will I consider myself
an agent of karma in other words I feel
like oh now it's my job to put the put
the hurt on somebody in some small way
usually to put the hurt on somebody to
show them that their their actions were
not appropriate within the social
context and I'm you know since something
happened to me personally damn it it's
my job to push back but I never take
pleasure in it I don't think I've I
can't think of any time I've enjoyed
anything like revenge like thinking Oh
something bad happened to somebody that
I don't like I don't really get that
feeling but I do feel like the world
gets out of balance sometimes and there
are people who just need to be corrected
I hate to say that because it puts me in
the end the judge and jury you know kind
of a god position but I think you all
recognize their situation right if
somebody steals steals or punches
somebody you know we
all recognize that that needs to be
corrected for the good of society so
short of short of feeling a karmic
responsibility to society and really
explore of it the social responsibility
not you don't you can take the magic
part out of it you could get rid of the
Karma and it's all the same
short of feeling my responsibility as a
citizen who is part of keeping people in
the good zone I'll do things in in that
state of mind but not for other reasons
so to ask you a question the place for
revenge
is no place there's a there is no place
for revenge
in this world that's my observation
there are places where you could make
the world a little better by making sure
people don't think they can get away
with whatever they got away with and you
might be the only one who can make that
change maybe it's not the law maybe it's
not other people because of the
situation so ask yourself if it's worth
it to you to take the risk of whatever
that revenge II look action looks like
and if it doesn't help society is
probably not worth doing alright that's
my best answer I can give you thanks for
the question thank you let's do another
let's do Alex Alex Alex can you hear me
oh good
do you have a question for me yeah I
wanted to ask you by the way thank you
for all the things wonderful things you
do for the wall and ask you about how do
you how can you help yourself or someone
else get out of economic trouble like
someone who is like bending over the
means doing that yeah you know that
that's that's a question I've asked
myself often because when people
overspend
I can't figure out what's going on in
their heads because I've never been an
over spender I've never
more than I've made any time in my life
and so when people do I I think what's
going on there
they don't understand it so I guess
there are no two situations in like if
it's if it's your child who's
overspending or your spouse who's
overspending you have to treat it
differently if it's your coworker or a
family member it's it all has to be
treated differently well I would
certainly try to encourage such a person
to create an actual budget and try to
lead them towards systems that could
work so um I would not have a goal of
not spending as much because a goal
without a way to get there is worthless
but you might say hey I noticed you keep
overspending how about this why don't we
make a list of your expenses and then
you'd have the better idea what you're
flexible amount of your Spencer expenses
are now you'll get some pushback on that
so you might say hey how about this
halfway between your paychecks let's
take a look at your checking account and
make a plan for you know getting to the
next paycheck and people who spend too
much will probably resist that too
because the personality that overspends
is the same person who will resist
making a budget if there's one thing
I've discovered my whole life you cannot
make somebody write down on a piece of
paper their budget even if it's 5 items
you know like your rent phone and just 5
items if you say to somebody who is an
over spender
hey look Bob here's the piece of paper
here's here's the pencil used to be
paper sit down right now and write the 5
items and in the amount you spend per
per month and then we're we've got a
good good purchase on getting you back
in line with your budget that person
will not do it
you cannot hand a pencil and a piece of
paper to somebody who's an over spender
and say write down your budget on this
piece of paper it will only take you 30
seconds they'll just won't do it
they'll get busy they'll tell you
they'll get angry they'll do something
so over spenders somehow know they're
doing it and they prefer it and that's
your problem
problem is it's not accidental yeah this
is my observation I can't prove this
there's no science behind this but my
observation is it's not accidental that
they know they're doing it every time
and they get in trouble and then they
work it out so I would say if it's
somebody who's spending your combined
money that's good enough reason to get a
new relationship because they they
actually sat down and made about yet but
the thing is that they always keep
kicking the can down the road because it
oh if I get this now I don't have to pay
now I can and you know click click click
on the Internet and then there now there
there are people who get an actual
charge you know dopamine here from
shopping are you talking about a male or
a female well it's a couple so both
here's a couple okay and both of them
are both and then they claim each other
for their fault but not themselves yeah
well that's that's a pretty
dysfunctional couple you have right
there so this sounds like there's more
going on than just a budget problem yeah
there's probably a shopping addiction
and those people if they want to help
themselves and maybe that's the problem
is that there it sounds like you might
have more interest in helping them than
they have in helping themselves they
want to be helped but they just don't
know how oh yeah I I'm not asking ok so
I I would suggest this as advice you can
give them they should have a system not
a goal meaning there should be something
that they do differently every day one
of those systems might be that they
can't order anything online unless the
other agrees so you might say you can't
order anything online by yourself that's
our system and try that now maybe that
won't work so what you do is you try
another little
rule and see if that works but they they
should be experimenting with different
little rules and systems and then every
week say well did that work or that not
work until they find a system that works
for them but go at it as as things they
should do stiffer anat trying different
things they're not trying that's what
I'd say and now you don't use credit
cards basically which is obvious all
right that's about the only value I
could add to that which is not much
value I hope it was a little bit helpful
and thank you for that call and I'm
gonna remind it up here and the rest of
you have a great day