[Music]
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh buhbuh
aren't you happy that I'm here right on
time I'm nothing if not punctual and so
are you
you are so faster than your fingers
jumping in here as soon as I'm alive you
know you came here for the dopamine that
dopamine and the coffee is there a
difference between dopamine and coffee
yes technically in the scientific sense
there is but in a practical sense no
there's not because you can enjoy the
simultaneous sip with me while feeling
that dopamine wash through your body
it's gonna be the start of a great day
here it comes
grab your coffee mug your glass get a
tankard or Stein or a chalice maybe a
thermos could be a flask fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure that I call a simultaneous it
alright let me start with the most
inspirational story of the day I tweeted
it if you want to check it out yourself
I thought I wasn't going to click this
story but the news was so boring there's
just not much happening which is the
best news you've ever had if you wake up
and you look at the CNN homepage you
look at the fox news page there's not
much happening that's a good day so I
clicked on a story normally I would not
care about whatsoever it was about
president Trump went to the graduation
of the Air Force cadets and he shook a
bunch of hands that was the story and I
thought why am I gonna click on a
YouTube clip of President Trump shaking
hands with a bunch of cadets at the
graduation and then I read the headline
and it said a trump record 989 salutes
and the end shakes and 83 minutes every
cadet and I thought to myself okay well
it's all in the headline you don't you
don't need to actually watch the video
because the headline tells you he shook
a lot of hands it's kind of impressive
yeah I must have been pretty tired by
the end of it but I thought on board
I'll click the video you got you have to
click the video you just have to click
the video I can't explain why it's so
good so he says 991 so maybe I got the
number wrong but you have to see the
energy and the charisma that the
president has and you have to watch how
he's drafting off the energy of the
cadets there's this big they create
almost a creature it's it's
inspirational the whole time you watch
it you could all you could almost watch
all 989 of them because the president's
energy stays the same the whole time
it's amazing
he's just feeding off the energy and you
can see his charisma in a way you hardly
ever see it symbiosis yes symbiosis is
the word I was looking for they the
stage became this creature that you know
was operating through symbiosis so that
everybody was sort of at this high
energy state obviously the cadets were
excited because they were graduating but
they're also going to shake the hands of
the president United States is in front
of their family best energy ever
president loves the military he loves
these people they're young they've got
the energy you should see it
you know on if I were to describe it
it's just somebody's shaking hands with
somebody but it's inspirational there
really is so watch them there's the
other funny story is press president
Trump has announced these going to start
charging tariffs on all Mexican goods
until Mexico can stop sending people
across the border now instantly you know
what that causes and that causes that
causes two movies to form in movie one
president Trump has actually figured out
how to make Mexico pay for the wall
now do the math for me there are
somebody could help me with let's let's
do this in real time what is the what is
the dollar amount that Mexico imports
are or Mexico exports to the United
States specifically I think there are
total exports are 400 billion and u.s.
is the bigger part of that so it's
somewhere in the few hundred billion
maybe a couple hundred billion a year
somebody says seventy billion so
fact-checking on this if we got five
percent off of the seventy billion a
year it starts getting to be a pretty
big number but whatever that number is
it's a big number now as as people who
understand tariffs and economics we'll
explain it's not so clean as they pay us
money and we go spend that money and
everything's good because it raises
prices for American goods so in a way
America ends up paying for it anyway so
it's not as clean as that but in terms
of how the public will perceive it it's
gonna look like the president found a
way to to make Mexico pay for the wall
this is just the greatest news in terms
of entertainment not in terms of what it
does to the world and then the second
movie because President Trump can never
win right so winning is not an option if
you're the anti Trump faction of the
world you can't let him win so how could
you spin it my best guess is that the
the way they'll spin it is that
President Trump is forcing Mexico to put
kids in cages because that's sort of
what might happen in the short run
Mexico would have to get tough on the
immigrants themselves or pay the price
pay the tariffs and that what does it
mean to get tough on immigrants well I
don't know but you probably end up
having to at least keep some of them
detained for a while you know most of
them maybe you can just prevent or you
could just send them back right away but
there might be
kind of detainment so I think that the
anti-trump are going to spin it is
trumped forces Mexico to do terrible
things to immigrants for money which
might be sort of what happens if this
actually happens and nobody could be
happy about that but here you here you
have the two movies so when this came
out I said to myself well this'll be
interesting
what does CNN say about the fact that
President Trump has at least the way of
feels not not an actual economic
financial sense but in a sense that he
found a way to get Mexico to pay from
the wall I thought to myself well that
will be interesting to see how it plays
on CNN's homepage now keep in mind that
this is and some people are saying the
connection is lost let me let me wait a
moment and see if anybody gets a gets a
better connection so somebody saying can
you can you hear me or even see me
moving is there any audio seriously
alright somebody says is fine so let's
say that was temporary I'm so I go to
see it and see how they're recovering
the news that President Trump may have
found a way to make Mexico pay for the
wall how would they cover it here's how
here are the top stories on CNN
something about the spelling bee there
was a National Spelling Bee that's the
top story number two story is something
else about the spelling bee but those
are just the top two stories now we'll
get to the good stuff the third one is
something else about the spelling bee
but you know that's just because it's
new they're not ignoring the big news
about Trump getting Mexico to pay for
the wall it's just further down so let's
go to the fifth story okay first story
something about the spell
be the six one is well there's something
about the spelling bee and then the
seventh one well that's something about
the spelling bee that's all of the top
stories because the stopped top stories
are the top left segments that's that
you have to go to the middle column or
to the news and buzz which is sort of
the miscellaneous it's actually not on
there I don't really think it's on there
nope
it's not it's not even in the news they
didn't cover it but I don't think Fox
News did either so let me check I don't
remember looking specifically but let's
see if Fox News covered the fact that
the president might be I don't see it
there's some AG bar stuff
William bar Oh William bar there's a
John Rich's song that he did with the
with the people on the five is is
screaming up the charts so it doesn't
seem to be something that was covered by
either side interestingly so let's talk
about something else there is a story in
the news that probably and I say almost
certainly well I'll stick with probably
as fake news and it's the story coming
from a and apparently an unreliable
source
this says that Kim jong-un executed his
negotiating team yeah he executed his
negotiating team that failed to
negotiate a deal at the last summit now
on I had to check a number of news
outlets to see if they were reporting it
at all
because when I first saw it was from
some sketchy looking news site and the
first thing I thought was that doesn't
sound true so I had to google it and
find out if any major sources are
talking about it and sure enough
Bloomberg is covering and CBS News is
covering it but they're not saying it's
true they're covering it as something
that somebody is saying and that the
somebody who's saying it is known to be
unreliable now if they did not tell you
that had they not told you that the
source was unreliable would you have
known it here's here's what I call the
the fake news filter and it goes like
this
if a story is too perfect it's almost
certainly not true stories that are too
perfect
rarely are true I would say one time
ended 20 is a story that's just it looks
like if you were writing the movie this
is exactly why you write Oh get me Joe
God he killed his own brother-in-law
he'll kill anybody I'll bet he killed
the entire negotiating team because they
didn't get the answer he wanted just on
its surface you should say there's a
2122 one chance it's not true watch how
often this little rule works now in the
in the script writing business if you
spend any time in Hollywood with
creative people there's a saying that
something is too on the nerves so if you
were writing this in the script and
somebody said alright let's write a
script where the dictator kills all of
his negotiating staff because he's so
evil somebody else in the room might say
I get what you're going for but it's a
little too on the nose it's just it's
too it's too perfectly packaged it's not
messy like the real world the real world
is messy this isn't this is a little too
clean of a story so that should tip you
off so I will say that in the 5% chance
that is true or less than 5% it would
indicate good news because one of the
things I've always suspected about kim
jeong-hoon
is that he's more more or less a
open-minded more flexible than his his
own deep state staff it does seem to me
that kim jungeun could make a deal that
would be good for him and good for North
Korean general
but it might be very very bad for that
corrupt level of of people that are
basically have been lining their pockets
and you know would be exposed and any
kind of a deal that would change things
in a big way so if you're the thin the
thin line of dip of let's say
functionaries or technocrats or generals
or whatever that that are actually doing
well in North Korea because you're
taking bribes you're extorting whatever
you're doing they don't want anything to
change
so could you have a situation where Kim
jong-un's says to his staff go make me a
deal and they go off and they don't make
a deal because maybe just maybe the
things the negotiators are doing are a
little more tough than Kim jong-un
himself would want them to do he might
actually want a deal because that's the
way he stays alive but the people
underneath them may not stay alive if a
deal is made because some of them may
have to go it's that you know any change
is bad if you're in a good situation so
I think the news of him executing his
degrading staff is almost certainly fake
news but if in the unlikely event we
found that it was real that would be in
my mind very good news because it means
he wants to make a deal and he's willing
to kill his own people until it gets
done that would be cool you've been
hearing forever that Los Angeles has a
big homeless problem and you've been
hearing that is getting worse and worse
and in a variety of ways Los Angeles has
a big big homeless problem but I did not
feel the way I feel about it this
morning until I heard some quotes from
dr. drew who was on maybe Laura Grimm
show I forget but I so listen to the
difference here's the difference between
just sort of hearing there's a homeless
problem which is a sort of a concept and
if you
they're looking at it it's not bothering
you so much so you can kind of ignore it
because even though it sounds terrible
it's it's a concept and you don't see it
that it's somewhere else you don't have
to you don't have to step over anybody
cuz you live somewhere else here's how
dr. chu explained it he said that the
bubonic plague pandemic that killed tens
of millions of people during the 14th
century is quote likely this is
according to dr. Treves quote likely
already present in Los Angeles
Pinsky added now how do you feel about
it how do you feel about it now what I
said la has a homeless problem if you
said to yourself yeah that sounds pretty
bad
I hope they hope they get a handle on
that dr. drew tells you authoritative
Lee you know with with lots of good you
know reason to say it that there's a
good chance that the bubonic plague is
already there meaning it's just wait
waiting for you know three people to get
it because there's some number that
makes a lot of people get it right
because it's you know a lot of people
get it if the first people get it I
guess cuz you got rats and insects and
everything else going on there that was
such a powerful way to put this in
perspective because all the other things
you think about so well they're sleeping
outdoors that's terrible they don't have
enough food they don't have good
healthcare that's terrible there's a
crime problem that's terrible those
things are all really terrible but when
you throw down with bubonic plague I
changed my schedule to you know to stop
bubonic plague I'm actually gonna do
something so good work dr. Jo for
shaking the box and ends up on the
homepage of Fox News yeah and he his
quote was complete breakdowns this other
quote is no city on earth would tolerate
this that's the contrast princess
so contrast is always good persuasion
imagine saying the LA is not just having
a problem but it's doing worse in the
sense that no city would tolerate this
then whatever's the worst city you can
think of in the whole freaking world
that's good contrast and it's not untrue
it's that's it's probably pretty good
description all right so good job dr.
drew on shaking the shaking the public
up on that and maybe causing some action
speaking of action I've got a book tour
coming up in the fall so around November
early November if things went the normal
way I would probably do a trip to New
York City to do a bunch of media for the
book but I would do one other trip to LA
to do the LA version of media and I
heard that story and I might change my
mind I haven't decided yet but you tell
me that there might be a little bit of
bubonic plague in LA I cancel my flight
I mean this that's action stuff I will
take action to avoid bubonic plague so
la might want to step it up a little bit
let's talk about Bar Attorney General
Bar yeah it was asked apparently in some
upcoming maybe it airs today some
interview he said that he doesn't
consider whatever happened in terms of
the Russia collusion hoax he does not
consider the actions treason in a legal
sense so it's not treason in attorney
general bars mind in a legal sense he
explains it this way and he's
speculating here but he's saying that
sometimes people's quote convinced
themselves they're doing the right thing
now I totally agree with that my my take
on this from the beginning has been that
they're probably not sitting in a room
saying how can we overthrow the
government and and
you know take control of everything it's
about power I said from the beginning
it's about to trump derangement syndrome
and that power would be the outcome if
you know if let's say the Republicans
were overthrown the result would be
somebody else would have power and maybe
the plotters person would have power but
I think they're real believers I believe
that the media brainwashed the citizens
of this company or this country you saw
yourself the media absolutely
brainwashed the citizens now they were
brainwashed into two camps it depending
on which form of media you're watching
there's not one side that's brainwashed
that I'm not saying that there are two
brainwashed sides one of them is
brainwashed in a more dangerous way now
I would say that's people on the the
right are brainwashed just in a
different way now I use brainwash
because it's more provocative word we're
all we're all influenced were persuaded
were you know we have team feelings etc
you can use whatever word you want but
for a short for the shorthand both sides
are brainwashed to their own version of
the world but the difference is that the
people in the world on the right were
brainwashed productively productively
let me give you an example we teach
children to do the Pledge of Allegiance
and to you know to respect the flag and
all that that's brainwashing but it's
productive I wouldn't change it because
it really does help make the country
more cohesive keeps us safer
probably more productive probably
probably more prosperous so that's
productive brainwashing we don't want to
change that likewise when President
Trump brainwashed his supporters to say
hey the economy is going to be great
that caused them to go out and invest
and have high confidence and turn it
into a reality here we have this great
economy so there are forms of persuasion
/ brainwashing that are totally positive
and you should do as much of it as
possible
there's another form that's nothing but
bad and I think that's what happened to
the other side they were brainwashed to
think that the world was becoming him
was becoming some kind of you know I
don't know Hitler
[Music]
concentration camps end of the world
crazy dictator Mad King situation now if
you had been brainwashed to that movie
as a patriot you would try to change it
this is this is the the hard part in my
opinion people who are in the you know
in the intelligence services are
probably far more likely to be hardcore
patriots then somebody who's just you
know working at the dry cleaner the dry
cleaner person can be a patriot too but
I think there's a strong concentration
of really you know hardcore Patriots in
the intelligence agencies probably you
know it seems it seems reasonable and I
think that although some of them might
be just bad apples who are helping their
team babies you know maybe something
like Brendan just wants to get a better
job there are lots of different people
with different incentives but I think
for the most part people within the
government were genuinely afraid of what
would happen if a president Trump came
into office and probably some of them
generally genuinely were worried he was
working for Russia as crazy as it sounds
in retrospect I think they still believe
that now somebody's saying it's still
treason I think yeah I mean you're
getting into definition of words and I
wouldn't say you're wrong because that
gets into what's the specific legal
definition of treason I'm no expert but
consider that they might not have had
bad intentions they they may have had
bad programming and by that I mean they
may have been at least some them not on
may have been legitimately brainwashed
into thinking there was something they
needed to fix as Patriots there are
other people such as clapper and Brendan
and Comey that I would not necessarily
be so generous in my
assumptions I'm not gonna tell you I do
know what they think but I'll tell you
that the impression is not one of doing
something that's good for the country it
doesn't it doesn't look that way but I
would I have no way of knowing what they
were thinking okay
I saw the weirdest thing happened on Don
lemons show I saw a clip of it today
he was he was talking to kamau Bell
if you don't know Cobell bell he's a
he's an african-american comedian I
guess he said he's had a show on CNN now
the african-american part is important
to understand what I'm going to talk
about so they're talking about a
congressman named Steve I don't use his
last name because I don't want to get
demonetised I'm when this video goes to
youtube later when it's uploaded there's
some keywords that I want to avoid so
let's say there's a Congress person
named Steve and you can you can google
his last name who keeps making the
mistake and it's it's the dumbest
mistake and he just keeps doing it over
and over again he keeps using the word
culture and saying that the US has a
superior culture and in our immigration
policies we should make sure we don't
bring in the wrong kinds of cultures now
he also clarifies separately but you
know it's part of the same conversation
he clarifies that he's not talking about
ethnicity or race that everybody's
welcome in the United States if they
want to play by the same rules which is
the Constitution the rule of law he'd
love it if they were religious I suppose
especially if they were acquitted if
they're a Christian you would like it
because it means they're buying it to a
set of rules that are compatible with
success in his opinion now if you said
it's the way I said it no no no we're
absolutely not talking about race the
only thing we care about is people who
are following the same set of rules and
I think there was a good rules more of
those the better but of course Don 11and
kamau Bell
literally laughed hahahahaha to the
point where cabal was he put his head up
a you know put his head down to laugh at
how dumb congressman Steve is that he
doesn't know he's being a racist and I
think that's fair to say that he doesn't
know anything you say is racist which is
separate from whether it is racist or
not which I'll get to but clearly he
doesn't know it he doesn't know it's
being perceived that way because he
would you would stop saying it he would
say it better if he if he had a better
idea that it was being received wrong
but here's the mind-blowing part kamau
Bell explained to me something about
racism that I'd never heard before I'm
gonna ask you if you've ever heard this
uh and I think this is one of those
situations where it's so productive to
make sure you're getting you know the
opinions of other people Kamel bed Bell
said you don't get to decide if you were
a racist
so you personally don't get to decide if
you're a racist so your opinion of
whether you care whether you're caring
about race your opinion of what you
think about you know the races is not
relevant to whether or not you're racist
do you get guess who gets to decide
according to kamau Bell and he said this
explicitly and clearly I'm not not over
interpreting he said that the people who
decide if you're a racist are the ones
who are offended the people whose whose
toes you stepped on think about that
you're a racist if somebody is offended
and says you're a racist
that's what makes you a racist and
because Don Lemon and kamau Bell had
decided that in their opinion
Congressman Steve sounded like a racist
that therefore by definition he's a
racist because they're african-american
they're they feel that their toes have
been stepped on and that the things he
was saying were racist and offensive and
that's the definition if they feel it he
is it if they feel he's a racist he is a
racist and they said that as clearly as
I just said it
to which I said to myself I've never
seen two people confessed that they were
racist on television before have you
maybe one person but I've never seen two
people go on television and admit that
they're racist oh did I miss a point
because it sounded racist to me Don
Lemon and kamau Bell and I'm not making
this up I mean I think probably you feel
the same when they explained that that
they interpreted congressman Steve as
being a racist because he uses the word
culture and he defends it and he defines
it clearly as not being about race that
he's a racist the only way I can
interpret that is that they're saying it
because he's a white guy I can't imagine
that if congressman Steve had been
african-american they would say that
what he's doing is racist can you if
pick any any prominent black politician
if a prominent black politician had said
we want to bring in people who are
compatible with our culture because
that's a good system that's that's good
would Don Lemon say oh look at this
black politician he wants to bring in
people who respect the Constitution and
have maybe a religious background that
fits pretty well with our background and
ideally speak speak English if a black
politician said that what Don Lemon say
oh how can he tell he's not being racist
of course not Don Lemon and kamau Bell
presumably and again this is just an
opinion and it doesn't matter if I'm
right or wrong
which is the funny part it only matters
if I'm offended and honestly and I'm not
this is not an exaggeration for effect
I'm not going to say this you know just
to make a clever point it was offensive
to me kamau Bell and Don Lemon
felt to me like racists so by their
definition that does make them racist
right I don't know how that doesn't work
anyway let's talk about something else
because I'll get demonetised for that
speaking of demonetised I want to share
you a little bit about what I'm doing
over on YouTube so I'm doing the doing
these periscopes live and then in an
hour or so they'll be uploaded in and
YouTube so people can play it back you
can also play it back down periscope but
I wanted to show you the graph see if
you can see it so here's on this side
this is where I've started and this is a
graph of my traffic you see the traffic
was sort of you know trailing off for a
long time and then this was a travel day
so I was traveling here that's the only
reason the depth you see it was going
down down down down that now then I with
my assistant we started using the tools
of the YouTube and experts say will help
you with your traffic so it's you know
using the right keywords putting in the
right yeah basically just doing all the
things that one does to become more
visible and you can see when it started
so so add somewhere around here we
started getting serious about doing just
doing the things one does you have
retweeted and you know normal stuff and
you see that's a traffic sure enough
group now I don't know if you see it but
it shows my total earnings you you won't
be able to see it on the screen but the
total earnings for I don't know two
weeks or something like that is eight
hundred dollars so my total earnings for
the monetization on YouTube for about 10
days is eight hundred dollars now which
roughly is roughly enough to pay my
assistant who does the production on
this so it pays myself and that was the
intention now should that level go up
and I'm having I'm having fun using all
the tools within YouTube to
you know optimize things and make it
more discoverable and everything should
it go up I will use that money to
continue to improve the quality of what
I'm doing here
the the ultimate would be to get to the
point where I could hire an engineer and
build the studio and do something like
Joe Rogan something at that level
but that's pretty expensive and I
wouldn't do that unless unless the
revenue called for it all right
something else let's talk about Ted Cruz
at AOC have found a topic which they
agree on apparently IOC not apparently
but AOC tweeted I think it was yesterday
that politicians who retire should not
be able to become lobbyists because it's
it biases the system too much Ted Cruz
so that tweet and weight him yes he's
been trying to get that done
would she be willing to work on it it
was he tweeted back if you're serious
yes to which I said why did that take so
long
what was this always was this always a
topic that everybody agreed on you know
is this the first time that the people
in the left and the people on the right
realized that they have the same opinion
on this I don't think so
why did this never happen before so it
was it was one of those Summer of Love
precursors we may be entering a like a
really interesting summer I said that
last year and I get disappointed mostly
because of one event you ruined the
summer but the summer looks a lot better
we might have a really good summer and
Ted Cruz working with AOC in an honest
attempt to make something better in a
way that the public could look at and
say yeah if you do that that is
unambiguously better before the country
so keep in mind I've been saying for a
long time that if you if you underrate
AO seize power
you're gonna be surprised now when I say
her power I don't mean all of our
policies are good I don't mean that we
should elect her president tomorrow I'm
not saying that you should change your
opinion to her opinion I'm saying that
she has real power because she has the
goods she has the skill to make stuff
like this happen and if AMC ends up
being the one who can cross the aisle
now remember how only Nixon can go to
China only aoc can go to Ted Cruz am I
wrong
IOC has such good credentials for being
you know super left left your left my
left this she could make a deal with AOC
and still maintain her brand
so she's carved out that space for
herself where she can get attention and
she can get attention at the highest
levels and she can cause their work to
be more credible somebody says you are
so wrong about her how am I wrong that
she and Ted Cruz are looking to do
something that would be good and by the
way for those of you don't know
AOC and I only learned this recently she
was actually selected in a Talent
Competition essentially so there was a
Democrat organization that was literally
trying to find young people that they
could groom to be good candidates for
offices that they thought they could
they could win with a little bit of
background and she was the best of the
people who came in and said I you know I
could be a politician it's not an
accident that she has a super charisma
and persuasive skills she was selected
by smart people because of that from a
large group of other smart people so if
you think it's not Talent you're really
going to be disappointed
all right there's a story on Fox News
that youth sports participation is
declining sharply far fewer kids are
playing
at the same time and part of the reason
given for that and this is more of an
opinion is that maybe the reason for
that is there are too many parents who
are bullies you know they're they're
sort of ruining kids sports because the
parents were watching and and guiding
their children are too much of a bully
they care too much it takes on too much
meaning etc to which I say good my
opinion is that youth the sports are
horrible except for a few people there
are some people who have a much better
life have a much better experience are
benefited in practically every way you
can think of by Youth Sports
unambiguously there's a group of people
who are way way better off because they
you played youth sports I will not you
know I'm not going to say that's not
true that's just obviously true but
they're the winners they're the people
who didn't get a head injury playing
football some did but some didn't so
definitely there's some people who
become the captains of the team they
become the stars they get good they get
a history of succeeding they get you
know they date better people they have a
better social life you know youth sports
are great for some people for other
people and I don't know if it's a larger
group but I think it is sports are just
a horror and for the parents sports can
ruin the family now I have some
experience with this being you know I
was a parent of a kid in youth sports
and while we kept it on a fairly you
know a balanced level so it didn't tear
apart you know my family
it actually was a plus so I would say
that because my stepdaughter was on a
team and she got to play in the first
string and she was you know a good
athlete the she was playing volleyball
it was fun to watch she was not the kind
of personality that would you know be
ruined by sports I think it gave her
some discipline and they gave her some
friends it was
good so for my own stepkid that
particular sporting experience I'd say
probably close to a hundred percent
positive but every day that I went to
one of those volleyball games I watched
as more people sat on the bench than
played in the game and the people who
sat in the bench put in all the work and
Tim Kennedy the benefits well I got some
of them but they didn't get the same
kind of benefits they learned that they
weren't very good at volleyball because
they sat on the bench the whole time so
and then there were all the people who
couldn't make the team in the first
place the people was you know who and by
the way volleyball is the cruelest sport
have you seen the the the uniforms that
high school girl volleyball players
playing they are disturbingly sexual
disturbingly like to the point where if
you're an adult man and you're in your
the girls that the teenage volleyball
girls tournament where I found myself
you actually just have to stare at the
floor the whole frickin time because
they're walking around like Victoria's
Secret's you know the the sporting
edition of Victoria's Secrets and and
the only the only kids who even go out
for that team are the ones who know
they're going to look ok in those
uniforms think about it think about your
a teenage girl you're a good athlete but
you've got a few extra pounds no way in
hell you're gonna go play volleyball
unless you've got a really good
self-image which is hard to come by as a
teenager
it's the cruelest thing I've ever seen
no like I said it was all good for my
stepdaughter because you know she's she
was fit she you know she was good at the
sport it was just all good for but the
cruelty of the whole system it's hard to
ignore now if if you ask me there is a
reason why youth sports is being
diminished it went way too far it got
way too serious it was too much expense
too much
burden on the family the families would
have to travel at it and a town every
every weekend for tournaments just it's
really a bad system
conversely if that's the right word
my stepdaughter also played in before
she was playing on the school team she
played in the recreational leagues
soccer now she was also good at soccer
and so it was fun to watch the games
great fun but the recreational leagues
didn't travel they didn't have the
pressure it was just fun the
recreational leagues you should do way
more to that and wait less of the
competitive stuff all right while I was
watching a CNN clip where they're trying
to deal with the fact that all of their
reporting about the Russia which hoax
witch hunt turned out to be a hoax so if
you CNN how do you deal with the
aftermath of being so wrong about the
biggest story for so long so wrong for
so long and I was watching and it looks
like what they're trying to do is
confuse the the audience into thinking
that the real issue of the mauler
investigation was to find out what
Russia was up to in the in the election
and that they did find out there Russia
was up to bad stuff and they tried some
legal remedies which won't make any
difference but that the Moller report
was a big old success because they
showed that Russia totally was trying
hard to influence the election now when
they make that claim they talk about the
indictments of the Russians etc what
they don't talk about is what I talked
about yesterday can you give us some
examples of how the Russians exactly
influenced our election and the reason
that they don't talk about that is that
it's not persuasive as I said yesterday
I'll just summarize it if you look at
the troll accounts they spent forty six
thousand dollars or something trivial
and the ads themselves are just so
amateurish they couldn't possibly have
made a difference and they weren't even
all-pro chump
some of them were Pro Hillary so it's
not even clear
what the Russians had in mind with the
ads and then the other part was the the
hacking of the DNC and it turns out as I
talked about that yesterday even the
molar report doesn't say they did it it
says it appears ain't it that's not the
kind of evidence I need to start a
nuclear war with another country I kind
of need a little more than that now even
if they said you know trust us or our
Intel people know we can't tell you how
I'd be a little more convinced but I
don't think that the group that told us
that Iraq had weapons of mass
destruction can be the same group that
tells us oh yeah Russia hacked these
servers it's too easy to hide who's
hacking a server I can't convince myself
that they really know I don't rule it
out by the way I would certainly not be
surprised
in fact probably more likely than not
that Russia did hack that the NSA and
gives the stuff to WikiLeaks but you as
a citizen do not have evidence of that
you only have a source that you know to
be unreliable let me put it this way
when I told you that the story about
North Korea Kim jong-un executing the
negotiators who failed at the last
summit I said there's there's probably a
one in 20 chance that that happened
because it's a little bit too perfect a
little bit too on the nose I think those
odds might apply to Russia hacking the
server and giving it to WikiLeaks it's a
little too neat it's a little too on the
nose now it's not as on the nose as the
Kim jong-un thing which I think you
could you know that's a 22 want against
that being true but the Russia hacking
of the DNC
if I were to put odds in that without
you know knowing much about it 50/50 and
I go to 50/50 whenever you just can't
tell I don't
but if you told me that we have high
confidence it was the Russians I don't
believe it I would say I mean it could
be true but I don't believe it because
it's not coming from credible sources
all right I think I hit everything I
wanted to say I think you did so if
you'd like to catch up on these
periscopes you can do it over at YouTube
you would just search for the phrase
real coffee with Scott Adams and they'll
pop right up and I would appreciate it
if you do by the way you could also
monetize by giving super-super hearts
here on periscope there's a little icon
down at the bottom of the screen for
people who like that alright could be a
false flag bye
yeah you anything could be a false flag
so I'm not going to talk about that
alright I will talk to you tomorrow