I'm pumpin pumpin pumpin hey everybody
come on in here it's time again for
coffee with Scott Adams I'm Scott Adams
I've got my coffee if you would like to
join in the simultaneous sip if you
would like to feel the unparalleled
pleasure you want to feel that dopamine
just rushing through your body making
you alive for the first time today alive
I say well then you want to join me now
all you need is a cup or a mug or glass
you could have a tanker to chalice or a
stein you might have a thermos possibly
a flask but whatever kind of vessel you
have fill in with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
simultaneous up if you don't do the ahh
part at the end you're missing a lot of
the good stuff so I have a special guest
on I'm going to try to bring them on at
around 15 minutes from now Kirk Sorensen
a nuclear and aerospace engineer and
thorium evangelist we'll ask a few
questions about the future of thorium
nuclear but before we do that we'll wait
for you people to pile in here and talk
about a few other shorter topics you all
know that trump signed this major I
think it was an executive order to to
create healthcare transparency you all
heard about that right you heard about
the big story one of the biggest stories
in the country oh oh you didn't hear
about it maybe there's a reason you
didn't hear about President Trump
lowering health care costs I'm just
gonna take a stab at why maybe you
didn't hear about it one of the biggest
stories in the country could it be
because your major new sort of news
sources are healthcare companies
that's that's the problem right is
FoxNews a news organization or a health
care organization who pays them where's
their money come from Fox News money
comes from pharmaceutical commercials
mostly right
what about CNN or do they get their
money pharmaceutical commercials
healthcare commercials all right so can
we expect that our news sources will
tell us what we need to about why the
healthcare industry is ripping us off
there's not a chance there's not a
chance now I think only a president
Trump could simultaneously have Fox News
as his best friend while chipping away
at their major source of income which is
healthcare profits so I don't know if
that's the only problem but it looks
like one of the biggest stories in the
country that almost disappeared upon
arrival so you can ask yourself do we
have a news business or do we have a
health care business that tells us a
little bit about the news sometimes
that's a big problem I think it's at
least as big a problem as the social
media companies having any alleged bias
let's talk about border funding
everybody wants to save the children who
are being kept in these detention camps
slash concentration clinic camps slash
whatever you want to call them yes we
all care about the children let's say if
the children but meanwhile the children
are suffering in these facilities and
Congress doesn't seem to be able to pass
some money for it and the reason it
looks like is because these bills people
pile on unpleasant things with the
things that people agree on to try to
get some unpleasant things through the
system on the coattails of the thing
agree on but of course the two sides
can't agree on anything so it means that
we can't get anything so in a real sense
border funding has become a contest wait
for it it's a contest I wish I were
making this up I'm gonna say something
that's true that's horrible and I wish
it weren't true but the process of
making laws in this country has turned
into a process of who is willing to
torture children the longest that's who
will win whoever is willing to abuse
children the longest in this case the
children that are on the border and
knowing don't have as much care as we
would like them to have and I'm thinking
how could you fix this how could you
have a better system I'll give you some
ideas number one you should change the
name of whatever this law is or whatever
the bill is whatever the bill is for
giving money toward taking care of those
children we should change it to
something like the border children
protection bill something like that
because you want people to vote for or
against protecting children if you give
it any other name the public doesn't
really know what's in the bill and then
I really get involved yeah yeah if the
tortured children Act that wouldn't be
bad I would that wouldn't be wrong it
wouldn't be wrong to call it the torture
children Act and see who votes against
it all right suppose we introduced a
bill to withhold Congress's pay until
the children at the border are safe how
about that one just there's just two
points in the bill give money to protect
the children at the border or your own
pay is without
I'll just put that out there how about
that would that get us somewhere how
about this instead of torturing I don't
know how many children involved hundreds
would you say hundreds of children
involved thousands I don't know the
numbers but there are a lot of children
involved and they're all being tortured
I would suggest a way to greatly reduce
the discomfort instead of torturing all
those children for a long period of time
let's just get one kid to volunteer put
them in a little hot box in Congress and
see you can keep them there the longest
in other words you've got Congress
you've got you know both sides are there
and you've just got a little hot box you
put one kid in there volunteer and you
just start turning up the temperature
and you can't get out and you know you
get up to like 110 and he's like oh the
child is being tortured and the
Republicans are like mmm nope not enough
and the Democrats are like it looks like
he could take a little bit more and the
Republicans say turn it up they go 120
the kids dying in the box and the
Democrats will be I don't know we'd like
to get a few more things in this bill
few more things we could let let that
kid go a little bit longer and the
Republicans would be like he's barely
sweating turn it up turn it up now all
of you were saying my god how could you
even say that Scott your thought is so
dark
people are saying here in the commets
that is a dark thought is it is it is is
making one kid very uncomfortable worse
than whatever we're doing right now I
don't know doesn't seem like it seems
like it would be 1% as bad because if
there are a hundred people being
tortured and you could make that stop
just by having this one kid a little bit
you know more tortured is that worse
I don't know obviously I'm not literally
suggesting this I am just using it as a
way to point out that torturing children
is not a fricking government
it's not a government it's not a system
if if who couldn't torture children the
most is all we're trying to do is that's
the contest
seriously fire every one of you idiots
every one of you idiots in Congress
needs to be fired if torturing children
is now the new system for making laws
come on you can do better than that
alright maybe you can do better than
that next short topic before we get to
our guest
I hope Kirk is signing on and lining up
in the queue here to be a guest did you
all see the video of trumps accuser who
says that he raped her in Bergdorf
Goodman department store in the 90s well
you know when you first heard that story
you probably said to yourself you know
that story doesn't quite track because
it's hard to believe that this assault
happened in the middle of the day
between two people who just ran into
each other in the lingerie area of
Bergdorf Goodman's and nobody saw it
just a lot of it didn't make sense what
have I taught you about hearing a story
where a lot of it doesn't look like it's
true if that's the only thing you know
it's a story listen it's not this story
just generically let's say you hear a
story and you hear the details and you
go well that doesn't even sound true I
mean that I mean maybe maybe but just
the details sound so unbelievable what
did I teach you is the likely outcome if
you wait a little while what is he a
likely outcome of that story well by a
ratio of probably 20 to one you'll find
out it's not true sometimes it might be
true because there are weird things
happen in the real world but by a factor
of about 20 to 1 if a story sounds that
on the nose
it's made up now I'm not saying she made
up a story I'm saying that as a general
rule when you hear a story that's that
unusual 20 to 1 it's made up so CNN made
the huge mistake of interviewing the
accuser now at first I was gonna say to
myself I don't want to try to diagnose
somebody's mental health at a distance
when it's just somebody on television I
don't know them I'm not a medical
professional I I don't have those skills
it would be irresponsible it would be a
bad bad social practice to diagnose
somebody's mental illness I complain
about it when people do it to Donald
Trump the president why would I do the
same thing when I'm one of the biggest
critics of that practice but but I would
say to you there's probably some line
beyond which you don't really have to be
an expert would you agree with this
general concept that if somebody is
let's say has a mental problem but
they're sort of within the normal range
of human behavior that you know your
friends are sometimes crazy do you get a
little crazy sometimes or maybe you had
a bad day there's a pretty broad range
of things that are normal and a little
abnormal and maybe a little bit of
mental illness that you can't tell the
difference unless you're a professional
unless you've actually worked with them
you've really you've really you know put
in the time and investigation but I
think you'd agree there is some level of
craziness where everybody can see it
would you agree with the general
statement that has some level you don't
have to be a professional it's just
right there
uh I think CNN made the mistake of
putting somebody on the air who was sort
of up there and I feel sympathy because
she doesn't look well and she doesn't
look healthy now it could be because of
all the things that happened to her so
you can't rule out the fact that maybe
she's the victim of a bad life and and
that's what happened but I will tell you
that almost nobody who sees it the
interviews on CNN believes that she's
telling the truth it is the least
credible thing you'll ever see in your
life maybe literally the least credible
story you'll ever hear which doesn't
mean it's not true I wasn't there I'm
just saying that of all the things
you've ever seen it might be the least
credible one you'll ever see and you
could tell from the comments on Twitter
then it's pretty much universally true
that people go what the heck happened
there's something this is not right and
this should not have ever been in the
news so CNN found their new Michael
avenatti the person that they can talk
to endlessly and and turn nothing into
news all right and she actually said and
I think I have to say this because it's
part of the story now when talking to
Anderson Cooper the accuser Trump's
accuser said that she thinks that most
people think of rape as being sexy
I don't know I'm not even gonna comment
on that I mean that's just you know
right I don't have to say anything about
that she said that on TV I this is a lot
all right let me see if I can find Kirk
who should be waiting for me any moment
but I don't see him yet
so Kirk if you have a mobile device it
only works on a mobile device not a
laptop you would be looking at the
little icon of the smiley faces down at
the bottom of your screen if you press
that little button you will be eligible
for me to add you on but I don't see it
yet so I'm gonna I'm gonna do something
else and then wait to see if you come on
so I ran a spokesman for and said that
he's president president rouhani of Iran
he mocked the White House and said that
it is quote afflicted by mental
retardation now the first thing I asked
about that is did he say that in English
because if he said it in English I'd
want to hear it but I don't think he did
I think it was translated who translated
whatever rouhani said into the word
retardation you're not supposed to say
that right so I would I would wonder is
there some other word in English that
maybe would get the same sense of it
without being at the most one of the
most offensive words in the English
language I mean did we really need to
have this story translated into an in
like the one word that I'm not supposed
to say in public I mean the only reason
I would say that word I would never use
that word except that you know the
president of Iran are allegedly said it
but I interpret this as a good sign
why because it's exactly where we were
with North Korea where the the leaders
started insulting themselves about their
intelligence and their mental health and
and all that
they did say that another official said
there's close the door forever on
negotiations as a close is yeah closed
door permanently on negotiations now is
that true
do you think that's true doesn't seem
like it would close the door forever on
negotiations if you ask me all right now
the president has asked the president
has asked why is that we're protecting
the Straits of Hormuz is it when the the
local power should be doing that and and
then of course he then turned it into a
Pompeo says it's an international thing
we have to all protect the shipping
lanes and the president saying why are
we doing this are they in conflict
that's not really the story
what Pompeo was saying was not in
conflict with what the president said
Pompeyo was saying internationally we
all have to protect these international
waters the president saying why is it
mostly on us
those are not really in conflict because
you could still want to protect
international waters while saying maybe
other people should pay a little bit
more than we are maybe they should put a
few ships in the water maybe they could
take a few few missiles so the president
is asking exactly the right question and
only the way the this is this is exactly
why people voted for him I think he's
the only one who can ask that question
the question is why are we paying for it
we were exporting more energy than we're
importing can't we just sort of keep our
own energy where it is and you keep your
energy where it is what why do we even
you know why is the United States even
care so much
pretty sure Saudi Arabia and the other
countries there could take care of it
all right let me see if Kirk is here so
Kirk I do not see you unless you're
trying to come in on some different name
let's see if you have emailed me to you
right
all right Kirk says he's standing by on
periscope and that would mean that one
of these people who does not say Kirk's
name is actually Kirk but Kirk you're
gonna have to tell me if you're coming
in under a different name so I'm gonna
just send a little message here but I
can't I can't write this because
autocorrect keeps changing it
all right Kirk trying to find out if you
were coming in under a different name
than your real name and then I'll have
you on all right we'll talk about
Project Veritas if I don't get an answer
on this right away
no boom and I will get an answer on this
right away I think all right well
there's only one way to find out he says
he's standing by there's one name on
here I don't recognize I'm gonna select
it and I'm going to at least eliminate
the question of whether this is Kirk is
this Kirk
hello but yeah doesn't sound like Kirk
so we're gonna turn that off all right I
guess we'll do Kirk another time because
we have some kind of technological
problem here apparently let's talk about
Project Veritas if Kirk comes on later
I'll I'll try him let's see
yep not there yet
Project Veritas sir you know how I
always tell you that I think I'm talking
about the news and then suddenly I am
the news this is one of those things
that it's the weird thing about being me
so yesterday I did my periscope about
project Fair TAS and their undercover
video of the Google executives talking
about talking about addressing the Trump
situation with their algorithms and the
next thing I know my periscope a a clip
from it or a few clips are being
retweeted round by James O'Keefe as part
of Project Veritas now the part that
they that project Veritas and O'Keefe
retweeted was where I was saying that
regardless of what the exact details are
of the undercover video whether that
undercover video is telling us what we
think it is or whether it's out of
context I'm not telling us what we think
it's saying either way it tells you the
same story which is that Google can
manipulate the the algorithm they're
talking about it and they have a
situation they're trying to fix with
fairness which is subjective and even if
nothing on the video from a project
Veritas was exactly what we think it is
it's still the same problem we can't
tell if Google is manipulating things
and they explicitly tell us that they
can it's possible so you know we should
have the same amount of worry either way
all right we have Kirk let me get back
to project Veritas in a minute because
I've got more to say about
we'll bring Kirk on first whoops Kirk
are you there I'm good so glad to have
you on here
my apologies I've never used periscope
before so uh I I just turned on the app
and I didn't know what else to do well
there you go you figured it out I would
expect no less from somebody who is a
wait don't tell me as I look through my
notes which are all in the wrong order
now huh I managed to have four pieces of
paper and lose oh come on seriously
here it is Kirk Sorensen you are a
nuclear and aerospace engineer and a
thorium evangelist is that right that's
right that's right and the name of your
company that you work for is say the
name of the company Flibe energy how do
you spell that F L IBE energy and you're
a start-up are you trying to create a
thorium reactor that has never been
created right yes yes we are startup and
we are trying to create a thorium
reactor that has never been created for
the benefit of the audience who is very
prime to hear about nuclear because most
of the people watching this understand
that nuclear energy is really the only
practical really the only solution to
climate change if climate change is the
problem that the scientists say but it's
also the only solution if there's no
problem with climate change because we
need a lot of energy we needed to add a
good price and it's going to be nuclear
would you say those two statements are
true absolutely I feel exactly the same
way and then the but those of us were
non-technical we get lost very easily in
the nuclear world and so I want to see
if we could help break it down I want to
just give this little framework and then
I'm going to ask you some questions most
of the people know there are four
generations of nuclear technology
broadly speaking the fourth generation
isn't really up and running yet it's
more more in the devil
we'll talk more about that generation 3
there are 80 some plants of the world do
I have that right - the generation three
nuclear no there's just a handful of
generation three plants most plants are
considered generation two plants and and
I've always kind of smiled a bit at this
characterization of these generations it
was like kind of a retcon on the whole
thing because almost all of our nuclear
reactor technologies even the ones that
are consideration consider generation
four were invented back in the 40s and
50s in fact the very first reactor we
ever had in the United States that
produced electrical power was a sodium
fast breeder reactor it was a so-called
generation four reactor I was 1951 but
let's let's keep it easy so that the
generations are very broad arguable
categories but would you say the
generation three we're arguably a lot of
a lot of the current plants are if you
were going to build one today most
likely to be a generation three would
you say yes yeah yeah the plants that
are being built in Georgia right now are
that ap1000 they're considered
generation 3 points right and they and
this is a non thorium what is the
technology called that's most of the
generation 3f pressurized water reactors
I see a comment says sodium equal salt
no sodium as a constituent of salt all
right
is so those plants have had correctly if
Iran there's no generation 3 plant
that's ever had a nuclear event right no
no meltdowns nope nope all right but
they have some other problems in terms
of waste etc proliferation so give us
the quick the the quick benefits of
thorium and and for the layperson
without the technical details where do
you get thorium versus where'd he get
plutonium which fuels the generation 3
that we know about
give us the era that I mean the big
picture is this is billions years ago
there was a supernova and all kinds of
things got made and most of them decayed
away but two of them had really long
half-lives and we're still radioactive
that's thorium in your idea
for the benefit that the the tough thing
for this audience is that there most of
them are not tactical so talk to us in
terms of the like user important stuff
such as there's lots of thorium where do
you get it well yeah that's why we have
we have three times as much thorium on
earth is uranium it's pretty much
everywhere very evenly distributed some
places we have higher concentrations of
it one of the richest deposits of
thorium in the Western Hemisphere is in
Idaho but it's not hard to get it's in
your front yard it's in your back yard
it's in scoop of dirt you go pick up if
you had a Geiger counter you could
detect it it's not rare it's a common
material it's about as common as as 10
now I did see somewhere I was just
looking before we talked there's
somebody who's saying that there's no
more or less thorium than there is
plutonium when you when you consider how
hard it is to actually get to it does
that ring true or no well there's no
natural plutonium every speck of
plutonium on earth we made in nuclear
reactors but thorium is naturally
occurring and and you go and and you can
you can make it into a nuclear fuel
called uranium 233 in an analogous way
that we turn uranium into plutonium
thorium isn't directly a fuel just like
most uranium isn't directly a fuel very
tiny sliver of uranium is directly a
fuel but all uranium all thorium can be
turned into nuclear fuels and can
produce the energy we need for billions
and billions of years we'll never run
out of energy if we utilize these
materials now would it also be true
we'll never run out of energy with the
older technology in the real sense well
with the with the way we use uranium
today we're only using about 1/2 of 1%
of the energy content of the uranium so
we use uranium exceptionally and
efficiently if we use uranium
efficiently than yes we'd never run out
but we're not using it efficiently in
today's technology ironically that's
what that very first reactor was for was
to try to use uranium more efficiently
but so there are people who think that
lutonium could be could last us as long
as we need but maybe thorium would be a
little easier to have enough is it a
really a problem that will run
and of the fuel for any of these
technologies is there really a problem
that will run out
well we're using uranium inefficiently
now if we use uranium efficiently then
yes it would last forever thorium would
last forever we'd never run out
the big question would be what's going
to be the basis of your nuclear fuel in
the future is it gonna be plutonium or
is it going to be you know uranium 233
and and there's a couple of technical
reasons why it's harder to use uranium
and plutonium and a reactor then it is
use thorium and that has to do with but
whether it's a thermal reactor or a fast
reactor if you want to use uranium
efficiently it has to be a fast reactor
now when I do my 10 seconds of reading
on thorium the the pros and the cons in
the cons are that we've we have built a
number of the existing technologies so
we have a good idea how to do that but
there there are only startups and sort
of developmental people working on
thorium including yourself would you say
that there's an extra engineering risk
for thorium or is it something that in
the normal engineering course of things
is quite solvable it's quite a look it's
very so but I've spent my entire career
in technology development I was at NASA
my first 10 years of my career doing
advanced propulsion development so I've
always been working on how to bring good
things to life you know how to bring new
things out and as I learned about this
technology I thought my goodness
compared to what it's going to do this
is so doable this is so tractable you
know I mean there's very few things
where you think this could actually
power the entire world 4 million
billions of years and it's not that hard
to develop guys you know we can do it so
I mean it's what's what are the
obstacles to iterating you know did the
normal iteration until you've got
something you feel good about what what
is what is slowing things down what's
what yeah we're exceptionally funding
constrained you know everything we've
done has been privately funded until
very recently when we went our very
first do we award but you know the the
amount of money that has gone into this
since 1974 has been almost zero so you
know don't be surprised when things
don't happen when there's no resources
to work on them
you know originally my understanding is
that was it back in decades ago there
was a contest between a thorium reactor
and more traditional reactor and the
traditional reactor one for whatever
reason what what's changed since then so
there was a point in which thorium was
considered and rejected what's changed
oh that's happened several times what's
happened since I mean the first time was
in 1945 right at the very end of World
War two
you had reactor designers working on the
idea of a thorium reactor and they were
told by General gross the Manhattan
Project you know stop doing that we're
focused on weapon material but think
about thorium so they quit for a few
years then a few years later you know
they kind of came back and they tried to
pick up the thread again and then again
they were told in the early 1950s you
know don't go after that we need to
focus on things that make weapons-grade
materials and so they put it down again
only to pick it up later and then in the
70s they were stopped again by saying
hey you know this other plutonium
technology is more mature we're going to
put all resources on that you can't have
money to work on thorium and they were
shut down yet again but in no case where
they shut down for solid technical
reasons it was always something that has
now obsolete like we don't need weapons
great materials anymore we haven't been
making weapons-grade materials in this
country since you know the 80s and and
and so that's the away in the rear view
mirror in fact we're trying to get blood
of weapons-grade materials now not make
them but it but it does matter that we
have experience with one technology and
less experience with other how do we get
as much experience or at least generate
car you are you building test sites in
the United States that's what that was
what we'd like to do we're not building
at the moment but we'd like to and do
you have one and out of the country
anywhere no no we don't have anything
out of the country other for startups
doing stuff like this
there are other startups doing molten
salt reactors but there's no other
startups doing molten salt reactors for
the thorium fuel cycle we're the only
one and why are the other people not
loving it and you and you guys do what
what do you see that they don't see well
they think they think well they think
that what we've been off is too
challenging they think that our ambition
to have an efficient nuclear fuel cycle
that closes all the gaps that you know
uses the fuel hi
see they think Matt's too hard we don't
want to do that so they're designing
reactors that are going to use uranium
just as inefficiently as we use it today
in pressurized water reactors I find
that pretty unambitious I find that like
well what's the point of doing that so
so so we just see things differently
what part is ambitious there must be
some part of the engineering for thorium
that you have some unknowns about so
we're taking it we're taking on an
entire nuclear fuel cycle in one machine
if you see a nuclear reactor today
you're actually seeing a very small part
of its entire nuclear fuel cycle it's
just the part that takes the fuel and it
radiates it get some heat and then
discharges it there's a whole lot more
in the front end in the back end our
machine is actually going to take in
this entire concept and internalize it
into one unit so that you'll feed it
thorium and out will come out energy and
fission products and that'll be it so
can can thorium be used at existing
power plants is there a way to retrofit
them or attack it on they could but it's
not it's not efficient you wouldn't be
able to get you would even be able to do
as well with thorium as you're doing
with uranium today with today with the
pressurized water technology it's been
tried before you know there was the the
Indian plant point in New York actually
began on a thorium uranium 235 core so
other places have tried it but if you're
not using its like button diesel in a
gas car you know you're gonna go wow
this is terrible fuel look how bad my
car is running and you're like no you
put it in the wrong kind of car I watch
I'm watching the comments and people are
getting a little lost in the technology
so let's let's see if we you take it up
a level to something simpler or simpler
and more accessible can you describe the
engineering challenge with thorium in a
way that the the audience would
understand in other words is there a
specific thing you haven't done yet
they need to see if you can do is there
is there any way to simplify what is it
that you you need to solve with thorium
can you simplify that for us I can try
think of it like digestion you know we
need to build a digestive system for the
reactor a chemical processing system
inside the reactor that handles the
material at different stages moves it
from one part to the other and and make
sure everything's taken care of all
right Lou stop you there have you
completely developed that on paper but
you need to build it in the real world
we have sketched it out on paper I did a
report with the Electric Power Research
Institute in 2015 where we describe the
parameters of that system and how it
would work but again that was
preliminary there are pieces that we
need to do in the real world and this is
this this contract that we got with the
Department of Energy is to begin working
on part of one of those pieces
well conjunction with the let me say
that again cuz I need a specific answer
to this on paper is a fully designed no
it's not fully designed on paper okay
and that's because is that because there
are some things that would need to be
tested in the real world before you
could know to put them into your design
yes okay and there's a stuff that could
be tested without building the entire
plant yes okay so how much funding would
it take do you imagine to get let's say
just your company how much money would
you need to know that you could get to a
design this worth building mmm 50
million dollars 50 million and how long
to know that we have a design worth
building two or three years two or three
years and then you'd have to actually
build a test site somewhere safe
etc to know that you could really scale
it up right yes
and how long would it take to build the
test site even even let's say if you had
instantly improved how long gonna take
five or six years but it might take five
or six years to get it approved as well
wouldn't you say that's possibility yes
okay so we're looking at a you know 10
15 year
best-case to have a thorium reactor up
and running no best case is better than
that you're talking more of a median
case okay so best case under 10
yeah best-case 7 median 10 pessimistic
15 would you ever be able to build one
of these in the United States or do you
think it's so hard because of approvals
we would just have to find some other
country to host this thing no quite the
contrary right now we can only build in
the United States okay that's good
and how would you handle is it true that
there's a uranium 233 that's generated
by the thorium reaction and you'd have
to do something with that
would that become a waste product or
that's exactly that's the fuel of the
thorium reactor uranium 233 is generated
from thorium and that's what fission's
and creates the energy and the ideal of
the reactor is that all of that uranium
233 is consumed in the system it's not
part of the waste so you're sure
advantages are well what about
proliferation so can somebody turn
anything that happens in the thorium
reactor can anybody turn that into a
weapon with some extra processing well
any fissile material can theoretically
be turned into a weapon there are three
fissile materials uranium-235 plutonium
239 in uranium 233 two of those have
been made into operational weapons they
tried to use uranium 233 in weapons in
fact I wrote my master's thesis about
the attempt to do that during the
Manhattan Project and they decided not
to because of some very realistic
problems with it at practical problems
it throws off a lot of radiation that
makes it difficult to handle ironically
uranium-235 and plutonium 239 throw a
very little radiation you can hold them
in your hands people have this idea that
they're deadly they're really not
they're actually quite benign but that
was why uranium 233 was rejected as a
weapons material now we've had lots and
lots and lots of countries that all
could have done this over the last 80
years and none of them did not because
they're nice people or because they have
altruistic motives but because there are
very real engineering problems with
using uranium 233 for a weapon
and those problems sound like they're
big enough that maybe if you were a
nation-state you could figure it out
with enough resources but if you were
Isis and you're trying to make a bomb it
would be on a reach would that be fair
to say it would be absolutely
impractical for any terrorists to
attempt your any important thing the
uranium-233 would be broadcasting its
existence to anybody looking for it
satellites could look down and go yep
it's right there you know you can't do
that with plutonium or uranium 235 now I
saw one mention of thorium that said
that it would be potentially cheaper do
you make that claim cheap well then the
other older nuclear technologies when
you say thorium remember thorium some
material it's how are you gonna use it
it's like saying diesel is cheaper than
gas you know well it depends on what car
I'm gonna put it in in the reactor we
want to put it in the yes we believe it
will be much cheaper but that is not a
blanket statement you can't say that
across the board for all reactors so you
have a design that you think it'll be
cheaper independent of the well not
independent off but they use this
thorium yeah but it's not it needs
thorium to be cheaper but how much or
how much cheaper are we talking are we
talking 10% cheaper or 90% cheaper in
the best-case scenario well I like to
use an analogy Scott that I think you
might appreciate having worked for the
phone company you know will you remember
when we used to get charged by the
minute for things right well we don't
get charged by the minute for things now
is that because the phone companies are
really nice people and decided to give
us free stuff it's cuz it's so cheap
well they've figured out other ways to
monetize you actually spend more on your
phone now than you did back then but
you're happy because you're getting more
stuff you know we want to create a
nuclear technology analogous to that
where electricity is not the primary
economic product anymore so we're doing
other things well that's part of our
that's part of our business plan but
we're doing other things so that you
know we're not super worried about what
the electricity costs in fact the first
order it's almost a waste product of our
reactor
so that's really up ends and economic
series people say you know is it cheaper
than now and I'm kind of like it's
different than now it's not like now all
right so there's some other economic
benefits beyond electricity which you
hope to monetize there are a number of
more than one like cancer treatments
what are other things that's one of them
yeah all right you probably can't tell
me all the all the secrets though you'll
probably figure most of it out you're
pretty clever guy the point I'm trying
to make though is it's not today's
reactors only monetize electricity
that's the only thing they make that
they sell to people and so it's all
about racing to the bottom on the cost
of electricity what if you had different
products to monetize what would you do
okay all right got it so we all have
details in that but I will accept that
that's that's a path what is the design
you guys are working on is that the one
with the the liquid fluoride or no
that's right it uses a liquid fluoride
salt mixture and and that's lithium
fluoride beryllium fluoride that's where
the word flyed comes from fluorine
lithium beryllium let me give you some
some help on the marketing of this idea
what I read about this design you see if
I'm right there's there's some kind of a
liquid fluoride plug then that will melt
under certain conditions and that's the
safety valve am I saying that right
can you say that in other words there is
there's this idea of a freeze bugs like
a drain on a bathtub and the notion
being and they tested this back in the
60s the notion being that if all power
is lost to the plant that this hot salt
will simply melt this plug and the plug
is being actively cooled it's being kept
frozen intentionally by active cooling
systems so that when all power is lost
all controls lost you know everything
goes dark
well those active cooling systems stop
and that plug melts and the salt drains
out of the reactor into a passively
cooled configuration all right let me
tell you the marketing problem with that
I I will I'm willing to accept that
that's an easy to engineer safe thing
I'm not not gonna complain about the
actual safety of it but when you when I
hear it or read about it and I hear wait
a minute the thing that is keeping this
nuclear plant from blowing up or at
least melting down under the worst-case
scenario let's say it loses power is
that a plug has to melt and as soon as I
hear that that sounds low-tech I'm
thinking wait a minute a plug has to or
do it I think we lost Kirk a plug has to
melt that feels like that feels like
not technically safe enough even though
it probably is so just in terms of the
way the public perceives it the
requirement that the only way you could
protect something bad from happening is
that a plug melts just immediately makes
me go oh we really have a handle on this
because waiting you know if the only
safety is something has to melt
maybe it's completely safe but it just
doesn't feel safe it's got something
about that plug melting thing that is
more scary than it needs to be just the
way it sounds to human beings anyway uh
I think we lost Kirk and but I was
getting ready to close out that
conversation so we've got we've got
these technologies that are brewing
fifty million dollars per startup might
give things going so if anybody wants to
follow Kirk
you could follow him at at Curtis
Sorensen ki RK
SOR en s a.m. so don't put an O and at
the end it's Sen at the end Kirk
Sorensen at Kirk Sorensen and you can
check out his his Twitter all right I
was talking about Project Veritas
let's get back to that so I said I
became part of the story because James
O'Keefe from project Veritas
they retweeted part of my periscope and
here's what I wanted to talk about so my
first take when I saw the undercover
video of the Google so called Google
executives was you know the way she's
saying this stuff sounds like it could
just be out of context it looks like and
cooked by the way if you sign back on
thank you very much
or the audience appreciated this I could
tell by the number of audience members
watching because it has stayed very high
which is unusual so thank you so much
for that the audience appreciated it and
so did I anyway
the I thought this project Veritas thing
was potentially somebody taken out of
context it took all of one day for the
person in the video to write an article
on some blog site in which she said wait
for it I was taken in a context it
looked like she was taken out of context
she said she was taken out of context
but she also did not directly refute the
way it was interpreted it's one thing to
say I was taking in a context but the
part that was missing was what I meant
was but I don't know that that means
anything that she didn't go that far
because I think what she meant was maybe
just simply talking about it again would
have just created more of the same
problem it's entirely possible probable
I would think that Google lawyers
executives got involved and told her
keep it to the minimum right if a lawyer
is talking to you they say don't say
anything more than more than the minimum
so it looked like she wrote a blog post
that a lawyer approved because I think
if a real person without a lawyer writes
a blog post
themselves they explain themselves why
would you write a blog post to explain
yourself and then leave out the
explaining yourself part well it's
because a lawyer looked at it and the
lawyer probably said look if you try to
explain yourself you're just gonna say
more stuff that can be taken out of
context it will you know the way you say
it will open you up to worse problems so
say the minimum what's the minimum you
could say I was taken in a context
Google would never do such a thing
that's what the blog post said I was
taking down the context Google would
never try to buy us stuff here are the
other things you need to know she she
pushed back on the idea that she was a
top executive so she's she has some job
that was fairly important but maybe not
a top executives she was the head of
Google innovation at the moment but she
used to work for Google's trust and
safety team and she said that the 2020
presidential election had been top of
mind for the team all right does
Google's trust and safety team are they
the engineers that program the
algorithms I don't know I'll bet not
I'll bet the trust and safety team are
probably mostly non-technical I mean I
would imagine they work with the
technical people but the only people who
know what Google's algorithm is doing
are the people who program it am I wrong
there is literally nobody at Google who
knows what their algorithms do unless
they program them so there and and even
the programmers might be only handling a
small sliver of the algorithm I don't
know that there's one programmer who
handles all of the you know the
algorithms it seems unlikely it would be
a complicated thing I imagine there are
lots of Engineers they each have their
little piece but here's my point how
much does a Google executive know about
Google
zone algorithm let me tell you that as
much as you do
have you ever worked at a big company
let me tell you about a big company
however many tens of thousands hundreds
of thousands people work at Google
how many of them executive or
non-executive how many of them actually
know what the algorithm is doing almost
none I'm not entirely sure there is even
one Google employee who knows what the
algorithm does there are lots of people
who know things about the algorithm and
they're probably people know more about
it than other people but I don't know
that there's anybody who can actually
penetrate all of the complexity of it
knows all the inputs and knows how those
inputs will flow through it and there
was what the outputs will be they know
they know that they can suggest things
and they know they could borrow people
and they know they can do some things
but probably nobody knows the details
completely people know parts of them so
the first thing I'd say about this in
undercover video is they could have been
an undercover video of you or me because
we probably don't know any more about
Google's inner workings than this
executive did I don't think she was
programming things I think she said
something like there was a Trump
situation whatever that means
and and it's top of mind for Google to
create an unbiased and fair platform do
you do you basically that's what anybody
would say so I don't think that this was
the smoking gun that people imagined it
to be I think that this is somebody who
didn't know much more than you or I know
and they were saying some generic things
about Google it's not the person who's
programming the the algorithm all right
and also not the person who is ordering
the people to program the algorithm so I
don't think she was even in the right
chain of of knowledge to tell us
anything
Charlie Worzel who's in New York Times
opinion writer said this about the video
he tweeted he said so it seems to me
that this in quote investigation about
Google's bias is really just a bunch of
non-technical people mixing up
algorithmic bias with political bias am
I wrong
could one of you smart technologists who
follow me explain now that's a pretty
good take it's a pretty good take
because it was exactly what I thought
when I first thought I first saw it I
thought I know it feels like feels like
she's talking about the fact that the
algorithm just can naturally bias things
whether you like it or not and they
don't want to do that because why would
you introduce bias for no reason and let
the algorithm do it on its own so that
there was top of mind to create
something that was fair which is
probably which is problem right because
fair is subjective but here was my take
so let me say it again what Charlie
Worzel said he said it looks like he
said it looked to him like it was maybe
non-technical people us mixing up
algorithmic bias which is just something
that happens because the algorithm it's
nobody's intention versus political bias
which would be somebody's intention and
I said my take is an algorithmic bias
and political bias are only different in
the short run and that we're already in
the long run in other words in the short
run you could certainly have the
algorithm doing things you didn't quite
intend and your intentions about
politics could be separate and over here
in the long run the people who have
intentions about politics will get a
handle on what the algorithm does and
they will control it better if the
people who have political bias which is
every human being every human being is
political bias if those human beings get
more control over the thing that didn't
have any intentions it was just doing
its stuff the thing that was just doing
its stuff before will acquire the
attempt the intentions of the good
people who thought they were fixing it
and I think most of the times they
actually are trying to make the world a
better place it's just that it has a
free-speech kind of implications so I
would sort of agree with that
except that I would say that's only the
short-run that the algorithm can do its
own thing and separately people can have
their own biases in the long run those
biases start guiding and adjusting and
modifying the algorithm until it is
political bias which the people who have
that bias would describe as trying to
make things more fair what is subjective
what you think is more fair isn't gonna
be what I think is more fair and you can
never solve that problem which is why
there needs to be some kind of judge or
court to look at the algorithms and and
and have some at least people who are
paid to be objective try to figure out
if we're being compatible with our
ideals of free speech and those were oh
so so Bernie Sanders playing about
student debt let's talk about that for a
second
student debt so Bernie floated the idea
of taxing Wall Street transactions you
know the big money buying and selling of
financial assets to tax that some tiny
little bit far less than 1% per
transaction and it would create so much
money that it would make all college
free and it would pay off everybody's
loans now my first take on that was huh
I'd like to hear what the economists say
I needed to like think about it a little
bit more but it turns out I don't need
to hear what the economists say about it
because I've got this thing called
Twitter and I found out what Twitter
thinks about it well it turns out that
fairness is subjective as anybody told
you about that and that if you pay off
all the loans of these people who have
loans all the people who paid off their
own loan
want to start a revolution I didn't
quite see that coming since I've never
had a student loan so I was I had a
little blind spot in my first impression
my first impression was huh wouldn't it
be great to have free education that
could be good for everybody right on a
concept level free education is amazing
and if you can find a way to pay for it
with just the top 1% and their financial
transactions they're not even going to
notice the difference in fact they might
make a profit from it because a more
educated population is good for the
economy
and the people at the top who paid for
it in the first place would be the
beneficiaries they would they would gain
more for a good economy than somebody
who just got a job but there is
literally no way to implement this plan
it is completely divorced from how
humans work the humans in this country
who have paid for their own college no
way in hell are they going to let the
other people get a free pass especially
the people who just finished paying off
their their student loans recently now I
personally have paid off some student
loans for loved ones and I can tell you
I would certainly question why I had to
pay a very large amount of money to pay
off a student loan it wasn't mine and
other people don't that's a pretty good
pretty good problem and then other
people were saying well what about the
people who worked all through college so
they didn't have to have a student loan
such as me I worked all through college
so I didn't have to have a student loan
should I get reimbursed
should I be reimbursed for all that work
I did so there what about the people who
went to expensive colleges when they
didn't need to should we should we
rescue them from their bad decision what
about the people who took out tons of
loans instead of getting a corporate job
and then having you or your business pay
for it while you go to school at night
or something what about that do you know
how I paid for my
do you know how he paid for my MBA at
Berkeley
Berkeley's pretty expensive do you know
I paid for that MBA I work two full-time
and went to school at night and I would
get up at like 4:00 in the morning so
that I could do stuff and get yet to
work and then I would be done at 10:00
or 11:00 at night by the time I got home
I would fall in bed for five hours and
wake up and do it again I had three
years of absolutely hell so that I
wouldn't have a student loan what dude
and and so people who made all the wrong
decisions and did not work twice as hard
I'm gonna give them my money I'm gonna
reward them for not working twice as
hard I don't think so
i doesn't sound so good anymore all
right
so the point is that Bernie's plan
sounds great on paper but like many of
the plans that commander Bernie
completely impractical I hope somebody
can come up with some way to slice this
thing into something practical but I
don't think so
now the funniest story is that Elizabeth
Warren has loaded the idea of gay
reparations you almost can't say that
you almost can't say gay reparations
without laughing because I don't know
why it's just those two words just don't
go together for some reason now the idea
is and by the way the idea is solid it's
impractical but it's solid the idea is
that gay folks who could not get married
had to file as individuals instead of
file as married couples and therefore
they stay paid more money than they
needed to because the government was
discriminating against them and now that
they can get married they can they can
file jointly and they would save money
but they need to be repaid for all the
money they overpaid
sorry there's probably a few more of
those coming so what I love about this
story is that it makes it makes slavery
reparations basically impossible for the
same reason that the Bernie plan can't
work yes sounds good on paper wouldn't
when she makes that argument I say
that's a completely logical argument gay
people paid more taxes than they needed
to because the government was
discriminating against them that's just
true but you know what else is unfair
turns out that tall people make more
money than short people is that fair is
it fair that I live in the country where
at my height I am discriminated against
all the time and it almost certainly
influenced my income over my life
shouldn't I get some reparations for
being short shouldn't I wouldn't that be
fair well no not really but the point is
everybody has a reason that they need
some reparations there's nobody who
doesn't have an argument for reparations
yeah everybody has an argument for
reparations which means nobody can get
any that's why I say that if if the
african-american community and and the
people have good intentions were working
on slavery reparations if they're smart
and clever what they will do is they'll
come up with a plan that helps everybody
who's in the same situation so if the
african-american reparation plan is a
general plan that helps people in the
lower economic situation and it helps
them all white or black or whatever they
are then I think that would be not only
a healing situation because because the
country would have listened to their
concerns taken them seriously found the
best action that they could to address
them
it would be the healthiest thing that
this country ever saw as long as the
african-american community is reasonable
and so far it looks like that's where
they're having it looks like they're
heading towards something that is not
specific to african-americans because
there's no way you could figure out who
really is a descendant of slaves and who
really was the people who should be
paying there's there's no practical way
to do it unless you help everybody in
that situation if the african-american
community is does something that helps
everybody in that situation and maybe
help some of the most because they're
more of them in this situation it would
be one of the greatest things that any
community ever did for this country you
could say that the african-american
community would be the most productive
most helpful most morally fit a group in
the country they would be contributing
in a way that would be amazing and I
think that I would respect that
tremendously so they do have a path to
something that's just purely good and
really amazing if they do it right but
we'll see if they can do it right all
right that's all I got for now and I
will talk to you later