pom pom pom pom pom hey everybody hey
Peter get in here I hope you all have
your beverages because if you ever came
to watch coffee with Scott Adams and you
did not have your beverage with you it
would be like trying to fly without an
airplane it would be like being naked in
public you would be completely
ill-equipped but luckily most of you are
smart and inexplicably inexplicably sexy
as well you know you are so join me for
the simultaneous sip it's time to grab
your mug your copy your glass your stein
your your chalice fill it with your
favorite liquids I like coffee
and join me for the simultaneous imp
good stuff so I told you that the news
was gonna start getting silly because
we've reached the holiday season and the
serious people who make serious news
we're not making not making much news
you know there's no new legislation
probably won't see much happening
internationally things are going to slow
down but the news still has to produce
news so there's still news
it's just that we'll get more excited
about things that are less and less
important but there are some really
fascinating things happening and some of
them are not reported that's why you
have me and the first thing I will note
is that the complaints about the
president being a big ol racist sort of
just sort of stopped and it happened
about the time he was he was saying
great things about a number of African
American leaders it's about the same
time he was doing prison
reform and promoting it and bet that
have about the same time that the
economy was doing great etc so that's a
change it's a pretty big change but did
you all see the CNN's reporting about
the the big climate change whose it's
funny to call this news so this is CNN's
headline climate change will shrink US
economy and kill thousands government
report warns so it's it's a government
report so that's the best stuff right so
the fact that it comes from the
government and they made a big deal
about or somebody did about the fact
that was released during the holiday so
that people wouldn't notice that it said
that the environment was going to kill
people but once you dig into it a little
bit it turns out that like many things
you can't really tell the difference
between good news and bad news so let me
tell you what the the headline here is
in terms of the bottom line it says that
new US government report delivers a dire
warning all right so now CNN is calling
this a dire warning so a dire warning
would mean that what follows that
description should be something that's
bad for the world so let's see if what
follows dire warning is something bad
for the world
it says about climate change and it's
devastating impacts so the impacts are
going to be devastating and it's dire it
says the economy could lose hundreds of
billions of dollars wow that's a lot of
money it's dire it's devastating it's
hundreds of billions of dollars we can
lose it's bad stuff let's keep going or
in the worst-case scenario
oh my god it's worse here it comes
here's the worst-case scenario it can
lose more than 10% of its Gd
P good lord 10% of the GDP that's like a
depression or at least a recession by
the end of the century
wait what by the end of the century
that's a little over 80 years wait so in
80 years we might lose 10% of the GDP do
you know what the GDP will do in 80
years do you know how many times it will
double about seven times so by the end
of the century the GDP let's say let's
say it increases at 3.5% a year the GDP
will roughly go up by 700 percent so if
we do nothing about climate change over
80 years
we'll lose 10% of that seven hundred
percent game or something like that I
don't know where they take this the 10%
exactly do they start taking it from the
beginning or the end but let's say let's
say you invested heavily in Klein in
climate and let's say it took your GDP
from 3.5% a year down to 3% a year
because you're spending all your money
on stuff to clean up the environment
what would that do to the GDP well it
would be down a lot more than three
point five percent so you have this
interesting situation where CNN because
they are largely financially illiterate
and science illiterate like the rest of
the world so what I say the CNN is
financially illiterate
and science illiterate I don't mean
they're worse than anybody else I mean
they're exactly average right if you're
a journalist you're not a scientist and
you're not a finance person in all
likelihood I suppose some people cross
over but for the most part you're not
really the right person to to report on
this sort of stuff now I read this news
and to me this is the best news I've
ever seen now let me let me be as clear
as possible that this is not hyperbole
what I say next for the world so not
talking about me personally but for the
world I think this is the best news I've
ever heard because I wasn't around when
World War two ended that would have been
maybe the best news and everything else
sort of just trickles along and gets
better over time a little bit but I've
never heard better news than that the
worst or the worst case scenario for the
climate is that it would only take ten
percent off the GDP by the end of the
century in 80 years if we do nothing
am I wrong that's the best news that the
that the civilization has ever heard
assuming is right now what are the odds
that a projection over 80 years is
correct zero now some people have said
no no Scott you don't understand what
this projection is for the projection is
not telling you what it will actually be
the projection is telling you what it
could be if nothing changes what are the
odds that nothing important will change
in 80 years
zero zero there are very few things you
can say are zero chance but the odds of
nothing important changing in 80 years
well that my friends is zero so it could
be much worse right it could be the end
of the world because something could
change that would be very bad
maybe but far more likely there will be
technological change is it likely that
in is it likely that in say
forty years China will still be
polluting at the same rate it's possible
well I think the technology will be a
lot better and they're not going to want
to choke themselves and have to live
underground or or live in a bubble or
something because they're pretty
polluted over there so it seems that the
normal march of technology would get you
to a point where people are driving
electric cars and ride-sharing and you
know telecommuting more and you know
everything is greener and better and we
found 10 new sources of energy and in 80
years the odds of fusion being
implemented economically are really high
now if you said what are the odds in 10
years I'd say 10 years that's probably
probably a toss-up 20 years starting to
look like fusion might be you know you
might have a fusion reactor
but in 40 years you're gonna have fusion
reactors seems to me not a hundred
percent but more likely than not you've
seen that there are a number of
technologies I think I've seen half a
dozen technologies for directly dealing
with co2 meaning that they're they're
scrubbers that will suck it out of the
air there are ways to sequester it and
trap it there's an idea about putting an
aerosol in the air that cools off the
planet which sounds scary to all of us I
know I'm not sure that one will ever be
used but the other the other thing that
we don't we don't seem to count is how
good we are at remediating against
danger take for example the severity of
hurricanes let's say for example that
climate continues to warm and we don't
even have to talk about why doesn't
matter if it's humans doesn't matter if
it's natural let's say the climate
continues to warm one of the things that
we have a pretty good idea would happen
is that the Hurricanes would be bigger
and more frequent perhaps and if you
didn't know this and
please fact-check me if anybody knows
more than I do about this topic that
would be easy to do one of the reasons
that the Hurricanes developed the way
they do in the Atlantic anyway is
because the Sahara Desert is so hot
so this era does that it is really hot
that creates some you know high high
temperature zones I guess and that gets
the Hurricanes going so there's a reason
that there's a hurricane season
it's because Africa is heating up now we
also have the technology to reforest
deserts so apparently we already know
how to reforest things and one of the
ways is you just put animals there if
you put the right kind of animals there
apparently they they poop on the land
and over time it actually fairly quickly
you can reforest a desert area now I
don't know if you could reforest the
entire Sahara but I'll bet there's a lot
of stuff you could do if you wanted to
just remediate the Hurricanes so they're
probably stuff you could do to change
the temperature in just that one place
that would make the Hurricanes softer
now look at the number of people who
died in major catastrophes these days I
said in a periscope recently that I
think in the last hundred years there
was a major flood in China so it's a
hundred years ago the technology is bad
there's no communication and the flood
killed between 1 & 4 million people it
killed so many people that they can't
even narrow down to between 1 & 4
million in China now when we have a
major disaster here what is the death
toll well the worst one I think recently
was Puerto Rico right and that was 2,000
now what will happen after Puerto Rico
gets rebuilt what will be the risk of
the next hurricane to Puerto Rico well
could still be bad but whatever they
build is like
to be a little more hurricane proof so
every time we have a any kind of a
disaster we get smarter and better and
more protected against the next one take
the fires we just add in in my state in
California 80 some people died few
hundred are missing but what is the
result of that we have a pretty good
idea of how to make sure that the risk
of that is lessened because of the
because of the disaster we learned a
bunch
unfortunately we learned it the hardest
way you can learn something but we now
have a better idea about how to protect
the forest there's more energy about
doing it people will will certainly have
a better system for getting out of town
so you should exact expect that people
have a buddy system that you know
elderly will not be abandoned to the
fire as apparently was the case here so
it is the normal way of civilization
that we figure stuff out we figured out
how to remediate we figured out how to
harden against earthquakes we figure it
you know how to build things that don't
fall apart we figure out how to
communicate better so we can get out of
trouble we figure out how to probably
probably in 80 years we'll figure out
how to reduce hurricanes by changing the
temperature on the land that's causing
the Hurricanes to form so if you're
looking at an 80 year projection
economic projection how do you factor in
how good we will become at just avoiding
death and destruction take a look at the
impact on the coasts so there's some
there's some thought that a lot of the
economic loss would be real estate near
the coast because the sea level will sea
level will rise how do you have that
conversation without talking about how
good it will be for reducing the income
inequality can you think of anything
that would reduce income inequality
faster than a rising ocean because who
has the nice real estate on the ocean
it's not the poor people poor people
don't really have beach houses poor
people did not build a skyscraper in
Manhattan poor people do not own Al
Gore's beach house so if all of the real
estate on the coasts gets threatened
they're gonna have to rebuild remediate
build walls you know tear it down and
build another house in land who does all
of that work who would do all the work
of moving people from the coast where
they're getting destroyed by larger you
know higher water if that happens we
don't even know for sure if that'll
happen but if it did the low-income
people are gonna get jobs there's gonna
be a lot of activity who's gonna pay for
that construction not poor people it's
gonna be rich people it's gonna be
corporations it's gonna be and maybe
maybe the government but again they'll
be taxing the people who have money they
won't be taxing the people who don't
have money so how do you figure that
into your economic projections you don't
how did you fit how do you figure the
technologically technological solutions
into your forecast over 80 years you
don't because you don't know if they'll
be so when CNN reports that this is a
catastrophe and it's dire I'm looking at
the same number and I'm saying are you
kidding me we're only gonna lose 10
percent of our GDP over 80 years during
a time when if things went normally it
would go up by 700 percent because
remember three and a half percent
compounds pretty quickly if you go up
three and a half percent per year you're
really growing so somebody says that's
false rich people pay less in taxes you
must watch too much CNN if you think
rich people pay less in taxes but that
is very not true in fact only the people
who have money pay taxes that's I hate
to tell you but the people who don't
have
money and actually don't pay taxes yeah
most of the taxes are paid by the top
10% right uh 1% pay 40% of the taxes and
probably the top 10% pay 90% of the
taxes
I'd say federal taxes anyway state taxes
is another situation okay so that's the
funny thing so the funny thing is that
we can't tell the difference between
good news and bad news this dire report
about the climate to my mind I'm looking
at the same numbers that they present it
I'm looking at their report and I'm
saying to myself we're doing the right
thing by pulling out of the Paris
Accords to me that's what their report
tells me 10% by the end of 80 years now
they also say that thousands of people
will die but remember remember they're
not telling you that thousands of people
will die that's not what they're doing
they're saying that if nothing changed
thousands of people would die but they
everybody acknowledges things will
change so for example to my earlier
statements if we never learned how to
help people who might die from the extra
heat well then maybe thousands would die
but that's not the case we will learn
how to protect them we will learn how to
harden against hurricanes we will learn
how to predict them we will learn how to
clean the forests so that they don't
burn up as easily we will learn how to
get people to air-conditioning if
they're just maybe they're poor we will
figure these things out so that
thousands is likely to be just you know
an imaginary number all right now the
other funny thing maybe the funniest
thing you'll see in a long time is the
Chuck Schumer tweet so if you didn't see
this as great so the background here is
that President Trump had said that the
Supreme Court was politicized
meaning that there were Obama appointed
judges that were likely to be Obama
judges meaning they would agree with
stuff from the left and that there were
Bush judges were more likely to vote
right so the president was saying that
the Supreme Court is politicized now it
is exactly what he said about judge
curiel during the Trump the Trump what
was it called the University anyway
during that trial so what the president
said is that the judge might be
politicized by his association with his
cultural heritage he had nothing to do
with this DNA right the the president's
didn't say anything like your DNA from
Mexico makes you bad at your job nothing
like that he made a political comment
which was good politics which is to say
that somebody has an association with
any kind of group they're likely to be
influenced by it in this case judge
cereals association was with his entire
family which had Mexican heritage and
since the president was the biggest
critic of that community politically
speaking not racism politically speaking
the judge's membership in that class of
politically minded people might make you
biased in a political way now here's the
fun part
just hold this in your mind how much the
president was criticized at the time for
saying that a judge could be political
okay so hold that thought
fast-forward to the president where the
president is once again saying the same
thing he said before but he's he's now
taking the argument to the Supreme Court
some of them are Obama appointees likely
to vote the left some are a bush
appointees and Trump appointees likely
to vote right judge roberts
pushes back by saying there are no such
things as obama judges and bush judges
we are just judges
we are judges who just used the the
evidence to reach decisions here's where
it gets interesting Chuck Schumer jumps
in with this tweet he get talking about
the judge Rob Roberts response to
president Trump's tweets so Schumer says
about those people talking he says I
don't don't agree very often with Chief
Justice Roberts especially his partisan
decisions which seem highly political on
Citizens United
Janis and she'll be all right so that
humor is starting out his tweet by
saying that Chief Justice Roberts makes
partisan decisions so far that's exactly
what Trump said about Judge Carrie L
politically biased it's exactly the same
thing he's saying about the Supreme
Court so now the Schumer has just agreed
completely with what Trump tweeted all
right keep in mind
Schumer's tweet is a criticism of the
president in which he starts it by
agreeing with him a hundred percent that
Roberts is politicized and not judging
and then he goes on to say but I'm
thankful today that he meaning Judge
Roberts almost alone among Republicans
stood up first of all he's calling judge
Roberts or Republican all right so he's
calling the he's calling the Supreme
Court Justice a Republican while arguing
that they're not political he says
almost alone among Republicans stood up
to President Trump and for an
independent judiciary oh my freaking God
it's the dumbest tweet anybody's ever
sent and of course a number of people
I'm not the one I'm not the one who
noticed this right so that the the
little the political class is all over
him for agreeing with President Trump
harder than anybody ever agreed with him
while acting
like you wasn't now I don't even know
what to make of that I don't even know
how to interpret that if I interpret it
through the persuasion filter you know
my my go-to filter for the world it
would indicate this Schumer actually
doesn't know he did this
meaning that he wrote it with no
awareness whatsoever that he had
contradicted himself as violently as you
can contradict yourself in a tweet there
was just a few characters long
I believe he doesn't know now those of
you are saying he has low IQ that he's
senile almost certainly that's not the
problem because say what you will about
you know the your adversaries on the
other side blah blah blah they're all
dumb remember they're saying that about
your side all the while they're all dumb
it's never true well it might be true
sometimes but it would be the rarest
thing for somebody to achieve what truck
Schumer has achieved and to be actually
low IQ that would be pretty unusual so I
have no reason to believe that Chuck
Schumer is anything but a really smart
guy who succeeded through his talents
and hard work now that doesn't mean I
agree with him on issues or anything I'm
just saying that he's almost certainly a
fully functional adult with lots of
experience lots of brains lots of street
smarts lots of political smarts and all
that and yet he did this how do we
explain it there is only one filter that
explains us cognitive dissonance I don't
know that there's any other way to
explain it yeah Trump derangement
syndrome is kind of the same thing so I
believe that he actually is I like to
use this phrase cognitively blind in
other words his his mindset has rendered
him in a sense blind
to the obvious because it doesn't agree
with his preconceived idea his
preconceived idea is that the
president's wrong and if he's
criticizing the Supreme Court oh my god
it's the end of the world
remember we keep saying that the
president is criticizing the Supreme
Court it's it's all bad so he had to
stick with that but he also couldn't he
couldn't agree with the guy who
disagrees with him on rulings which is
Roberts so he had to he was holding to
thoughts that he hold he held as solidly
true the trouble was they were opposites
so he he may have been actually
cognitively blind and his brain just
turned one of them into something else
so they fit together most likely so I'm
not a mind reader we can never know for
sure there's no test you can do to find
out but if you compare my my description
of what is likely to have happened a
cognitive blindness caused by Trump
derangement syndrome essentially compare
that to he's just so dumb that he can't
tell the difference I think the the
hypothesis that he's so dumb or senile
that he can't tell the difference is
very weak again can't rule it out he may
have gone crazy over the weekend and I
haven't heard about it right he may have
been drinking you know so it's possible
that were something else but cognitive
dissonance is so common that you have to
if you if you're playing the odds you
say oh it's a cognitive blindness caused
by cognitive dissonance that's that's by
far the most likely I'd say it's a 60 to
80 percent likely explanation whereas
all of the other explanations put
together or maybe 20% 40% of most all
right here and let me let me put a cap
on this discussion by saying this you
know how we always talk about the three
branches of government you know you've
got the judiciary you've got the you
know the presidency and then you've got
the Congress and everybody we're all
about the fact that we've got these
three three branches so they have some
some balance and checks and balance
there's nothing like that there are not
three there are not three branches of
government it was designed that way it
was designed with the intention that
there would be three three chambers
somebody saying it was designed with the
intention that there would be three
components or chambers or components but
the the reality which I think chump
Chuck Shumer agreed with is that the the
Supreme Court is really just a captive
of the presidency now now it's not
one-to-one you know whoever as president
owns the Supreme Court but because the
appointees don't do judging anymore let
me say that as clearly as possible the
Supreme Court is not in the business of
making legal and constitutional rulings
it was designed to do that but I don't
know when it stopped but it doesn't do
that now all the does is it do you just
count up the number of conservative if
you count up the number of of liberals
and you say okay who has more all right
right now there are more conservatives
how hard would it be to predict which
way they're gonna vote not really hard
at all they they're gonna surprise you
once in a while but not really alright
and if you're talking about something
that happened in the past I would say
it's now really relevant because we're
far more partisan today than than maybe
ever
so I don't think it's fair to speak of
the Supreme Court as a separate branch
of government because it really isn't
it's a it's a wholly owned subsidiary of
the of the party that nominated them you
know they're they're really a party
apparatus more than a
a judging group now have you seen the I
saw a list of how many rulings were
overturned by the Supreme Court based on
which Circuit Court they came from so
the ninth
apparently the ninth is in the top four
for getting overturned but apparently
the ninth is not the most overturned I
guess it's the fourth and four for
getting overturned it's like 80 some
percent of the time it gets overturned
now if you see that percentage and you
say to yourself my god
eighty percent of the the rulings that
the supreme court takes they overturn
something from the lower court the ninth
but is it that misleading I don't know a
lot about the court systems so somebody
fact-checked me on this but doesn't the
court only take cases they think they
have a really high chance of overturning
isn't that true and don't the most
controversial decisions give funneled
into those courts where they think
they'll get the right decision so it
seems to me that when you look at OAD
some percent are overturned that's
there's a there's a selection bias there
there the Supreme Court doesn't take
every case they decide what they're
going to rule on and I would imagine
they look at all the things the supreme
the ninth does and they say oh all right
this one that's gonna stay that'll stay
we're not going to change that one we're
not going to change that one oh here's
one this one by its nature is something
that we think might change that's what
it that's what makes it a Supreme Court
case that it maybe could go either way
so I think there's a selection bias in
there isn't there I'm not sure that so
there are two selection biases one is
that lawyers might take them to those
lawyers might bias where they take a
case to a place where they think they'll
get a friendly result and then also the
Supreme Court is only picking the ones
they think have a good chance of getting
overruled otherwise why pick it
it doesn't try to correct every decision
yeah okay so uh I would plead ignorance
on you know the the finer details of how
the core systems are working this is not
an area that I should take my word for
it but it seems to me it seems to me
that that number is probably greatly
exaggerated just by the way things are
selected
I would not assume if you're assuming
that 80% of the Ninth Circuit stuff gets
overturned by the Supreme Court means
that the Ninth Circuit does a bad job 80
some percent of the time I think that's
completely wrong but somebody needs to
correct me I think it's because it just
looks that way because the things they
select are the ones that are likely to
get overturned what about the other
circuits well in theory they would get
fewer controversial cases so the courts
the circuit courts that don't have
things overturned never ruled on
anything that was likely to be
overturned that's my guess but again I'm
putting that out there as my very
unreliable understanding of what's going
on somebody says I'm correct but I'm
sure there's somebody out there who's
saying I'm incorrect so it still means
there are under underpinnings or a weak
it means that but it doesn't mean that
80% of them are weak it only means that
the few they decide to rule on are weak
and that's why they pick them so that
the 87% number strikes me as being
completely misleading but I could be
wrong
I'm directionally accurate somebody says
all right so let's let's put together
some of the things that have happened
recently we saw both Hill
Clinton and John Kerry in the last week
say that the Europe was mishandling its
immigration and that Hillary's take on
it was hilarious in a way so her take on
it was that the problem with immigration
in Europe is that it was sparking
nationalism and racism and sort of a
creating conflict where it didn't need
to be and therefore they were handling
immigration wrong but that says a lot to
my ears like you don't know how to
handle immigration and it's ruining your
country but nobody really does know how
to handle immigration do they it's not
like anybody knows the answer because we
keep acting like immigration as a yes no
problem
yes immigration or no immigration but
it's never been a yes/no question it's
always been a rate crashing question if
you said to me let me give you a little
thought experiment if you said to the
citizens of the United States hey we're
gonna let in a hundred million Sharia
loving Muslims and we're gonna do it in
the next two years what do you think
Americans probably something like eighty
five percent of Americans would say no
no that's too many now some of them
would be racist and some of them would
not but pretty much everybody would say
that's too many it's too much of a shock
to the system it's too much of a
different opinions coming in to try to
mingle with our opinions and it's going
to cause social unrest so that's if you
said we're going to bring in a hundred
million people into our country of 300
whatever a million but suppose you said
I'd like to bring in one Muslim per year
just one how many Americans would object
to one well vetted Muslim who believes
in Sharia but otherwise has a completely
peaceful point of view one per year
what percentage of Americans would say
no way no way we can't let that person
in almost zero you know some people
would've disagree right because there's
always somebody on the other side but
when we pretend that it's about Muslim
immigration or not or Mexican
immigration or not it's never about that
it's always about what is the rate that
keeps your society whole what is it that
what is it that Hillary was complaining
about with European migration policy
that the rate was high enough that it
was causing social unrest it's the same
freaking point it's the same point as as
Trump so we actually saw the biggest
most I guess the divisive divisive issue
in the country you just watched the
biggest critic of the president and and
John Kerry would be up on the top of the
list essentially agreeing with him but
they're agreeing with him over in Europe
so that it they don't have to
specifically agree with him on exactly
the same concept here so as long as your
leaders are talking the dumb argument
you should just ignore all of them it is
equally dumb to say we should have open
borders as it is to say we should let
nobody in you know and and it feels like
both sides even though they they do lip
service to you know some proper rate of
immigration it feels like we've
characterized the two sides for the two
stupidest positions the two stupid
positions are no immigration and as much
as immigration as you want those are
both stupid and somewhere in the middle
is the right amount that's good for the
country and good for the immigrants as
well who really knows what that amount
is we don't know what that amount is we
do know that our systems don't support
as much immigration as maybe many of us
would like so
now let's talk about China and their
discrimination against the I don't have
to pronounce the name of this ethnic
minority group Uyghur or agur you I agh
er or something like that but anyway
it's a small ethnic Muslim community
small in terms of OS we ger and we Gers
okay thank you the we ger community in
China
so apparently China is putting them in
reeducation camps and locking them up
and doing horrible things to them now
I'm going to try to discuss this without
putting a judgement on it so before I
get taken out of context because we know
I will be I'll say in the beginning and
then if I remember we'll say it at the
end I'm not putting a judgment or an
opinion on it I'm just gonna try to
describe it and it seems to me that
China is treating the religion of Islam
as a medical problem now I'm not saying
it is a medical problem and I'm not
going to give you a my opinion I'm just
going to try to describe it and then
contrast it because it's really
interesting
China is treating it like a medical
problem meaning that it needs quarantine
and treatment so another medical problem
like that would be an addiction for
example somebody who is addicted to
drugs you would quarantine them keep
them away from their sources of bad
influences and bad drugs and then you
would treat them now what's different is
that you know a belief in a particular
religion whether it's Islam or any other
is you could think of it like an idea of
virus now again I'm not going to say
it's a bad virus that's for you to
decide I'm just gonna say that in terms
of how it spreads it spreads by human
contact
and once you get it it's hard to get rid
of it and what's different from Islam
from other religions is that you can't
leave you can leave but you risk your
life it's more dangerous in some places
than others so Christianity has a an
escape valve if you get into it you
don't like it you can leave but you can
also as we've seen you can modify it
over the years it can become sort of
whatever you want it to be people have
all kinds of flavours of it but mostly
it's it's a peaceful coexisting kind of
an idea Islam has a bit of a conquest of
mentality built into it as well as you
can't leave or we'll kill you and you
can't marry somebody outside the faith
so and again forgive me if I get any the
details wrong but you'll get the general
idea so that's different from other
other ideas
so other ideas you can reject or accept
and you can say it in public are I
reject that idea or I accept it but with
Islam it's a different idea it's almost
like a I don't want to characterize it
in any way that acts like an opinion but
it's sticky meaning that once you have
it you're gonna keep it and your your
kids are going to have it too in all
likelihood so you get all the details
wrong but tell me if I get anything
wrong you can so of course there are you
know moderate Muslims then lots of them
but you don't need that many to be the
kind to want to take over the world and
spread their religion and etc before it
becomes a social conflict with the
people who don't want that so I'm
watching this and I'm thinking you know
if you're going to judge it by our
standard metrics of how we treat people
in the West you'd say oh my god
China is treating the Weig ours like a
medical problem and and we're deeply
offended by that because our our sense
of
is that one of our most basic ideas is
freedom of religion freedom of thought
you can think whatever you think go to
the church you want it's very basic to
the to the West but China is treating it
like a medical problem now suppose they
didn't suppose they suppose they
encouraged it let it grow would it
become a social problem in China well
there's a hundred percent chance of that
right if if the the people who wanted a
Muslim Sharia kind of a life grew to a
large enough number China would have to
either accommodate them or what or what
if they didn't accommodate them they're
not going to change their mind
because that's the nature of the
religion right that the Islamic folks in
China are not going to say Oh China
doesn't like us to have this religion
well why didn't you tell me I'll just
change my religion that's not gonna
happen so you can't deport them can't
kill them can't put them in
concentration camps so China is making
this cold calculation that we in the
West would call evil but they may be
looking at it more as a system problem
like a machine that's broken and they're
like okay you know we better take the
pain now because if we take it later
it'll be worse so they're discriminating
in a way that we in the West would
considers the worst thing that ever
happened but they're also treating it
like a medical problem which is a very
different approach we in the United
States would almost certainly not do
that but we kind of are in a little way
by limiting how many people can come
into the country the fact that we don't
allow and we would never allow a hundred
million people to come in with such a
radically different view of how things
should run is because the idea is
dangerous
like like a virus but we don't think of
it that way so Scott stop telling lies
somebody says what would be
lie or incorrect thing I've said do you
have plenty of characters tell me what
I've said that is not true I'm waiting
China persecute Christianity and falutin
Gong - yeah so they treat they treat
religion in general as a negative but I
do think that they probably have a
harder and this is just speculation
probably a different opinion about some
religions than others
all right so some people are saying they
agree with you and it's an interesting
it's an interesting way to think of an
idea and let me let me give you another
thought experiment and when I do this
somebody's going to say hey did you just
did you just compare Islam to Nazism and
the answer is no I am NOT saying that
Islam and Nazism are the same but I'm
gonna give you a thought experiment what
if there was a country let's say it's
elbonia
in which the elbow nians had decided to
you know follow Hitler and become Nazis
how many how many elbow nians is the
right number to allow to emigrate and
let's say that they have these obnoxious
these horrible views they're literally
Nazis they dress like Nazis they'll tell
you they're Nazis they're not trying to
hide it so there's there's no guessing
about what they're thinking they're
saying that it's elbonia
and they just half of them decided to be
Nazis what would be our immigration
policy suppose that they were not
committing any crimes in elbonia and
were not intending to commit any crimes
here can you would you keep them out of
the country because of their belief
system because it's not compatible with
their own but but think about it that's
a serious question
would we let any elbow nians into the
country if they were overt racists but
they said look we were did we don't act
on it you know where we will take your
oath to be good Americans you know we'll
we'll act like it's just our belief
system you have different beliefs but
we'll we'll follow the law we promise
we'll follow the law but we'll bring our
belief system with us how many of them
would we let into the country I don't
know the answer to that actually because
maybe some I don't know but I suspect
that we would draw the line there now
the trouble is somebody says were you
born yesterday that's not really a
comment now the problem is the Islam is
not one thing you know there's there's
you know mostly people just trying to
mind their own business and take care of
themselves and there's some some number
that are you know have bad intentions so
you can't treat it as one big bowl of
the same thing and that's where it gets
complicated but what percentage let's
say let's say you knew elbow nians were
10% I'll just pick a number if you knew
elbow nians were 10 percent actual Nazis
but you couldn't tell which ones they
were how many elbonian would you let
into the country if you knew that one in
10 in all likelihood worth just flat-out
Nazis but you couldn't tell which ones I
don't know is 10 percent too much of a
risk to let in any of them because you
wouldn't want to punish the nine that
are binding their own business and have
no bad no bad intentions whatsoever so
that's the practical kind of question
one must ask when running a country I'm
glad I don't have to make those
decisions I'll say again I am NOT not
not comparing Islam or any other
relation on the other religion to Nazis
that's not what I'm doing it was just a
thought experiment that if people were
coming in with views that you thought
would be destructive to your society
even if you're wrong
if you thought it was true what do you
do about it our thoughts dangerous our
ideas dangerous the same way of virus is
dangerous I would say they could spread
the way virus Spence they spread by
contact and some of them are dangerous
and some of them are not it's a lot like
a virus you just have to decide who's
the virus and who's the cure that's
where we go wrong just for everybody who
says this is a virus there's some people
who say this is the cure not the virus
if you were in charge what would you do
I would change the question to how many
and I would turn it into a systems map
in which I would say the more the more
different your world view from the
current world view the lower the rate
should be and so I would I would make
some general statements about you know
if let's say what would be a good
example I want to pick a country what's
a country where the people are not white
but they all speak English and they you
know they have a reasonable education
system I don't know what that would be
can you name a non-white country where
they were the primary okay yeah yeah
India I don't know what the percentage
of English and Indian is but the of the
educated class it would be hi Singapore
okay good example so so I would say the
rate of the rate that you would allow
someone from Singapore or India into the
country should be based on how different
their ideas are from the ones that are
already here and I would say if you're
in India your ability to what's the
right word what's the word when you fit
in with the culture to assimilate the
average educated in
in immigrant assimilates in the United
States really really well so you would
say it has nothing to do with their race
and it doesn't really have to do with
the country per se but the culture
assimilates very well I've argued that
Mexicans actually assimilate very well
as well now I know that that's some of
you don't want to hear that but for the
average Mexican immigrant or
south-of-the-border emigrate in general
once the second generation learns
English they're just Americans yeah
Mexico is a is a one hop assimilation
the the generation that goes to school
here they're just Americans the the
Indians who come over are sort of a zero
hop situation if they come over speaking
in English they're pretty much Americans
you know you know day one you know that
they're buying into the system before
they get here and they speak English
they've got an education they can get a
job that's you know you can't get closer
to being an American than an Indian
national immigrating to get a job
because again we're a country of
immigrants so if somebody immigrated to
this country speaks English buys into
the Constitution and all of its beliefs
that's pretty American write it right
from the jump and it has nothing to do
with the color of your skin Vietnamese
is similarly well to a good example the
Vietnamese who can speak English
assimilate right away the ones who the
children have to are the ones were
learning English originally totally
assimilated in in a generation and a
half right it's not even a full
generation all right that's enough for
today
I'm gonna go do something else and I
will say have a great day talk to you
later