hey everybody come on in it's time for
the evening edition I thought I was
gonna take questions but once again I
forgot to push the right button so we
won't be taking questions but well we
have just as much fun yes we will uh-huh
I would love it if periscope could fix
that bug so that once I started a live
periscope I could remember to invite
guests opposed to late all right well we
got stuff to talk about for example let
me tell you what I found out about drum
sticks interesting huh I've been trying
to learn drums and mostly online I had
an online teacher for a while and now
I'm going through online self teaching
is through YouTube and here's one of the
things I've learned man is it hard to
learn anything from YouTube videos let
me give you the beginning of every
YouTube video and hi everybody and we've
got notes at the bottom and here you
know ten years ago I heard this thing
and and then I met a guy and in in 15
minutes after I'm done droning I might
show you the one little nugget of
information you want but probably not
you'll probably give up so the first
thing is that the people who make these
very well they look well produced
meaning the Lighting's good the sound is
good the camerawork is good but they
don't know anything about teaching I'm
talking about the the full body of
YouTube video is about how to play the
drums now that just happens to be this
one domain I dug into but imagine all
the other domains are they this bad let
me give you an example of how incredibly
bad it is trying to teach yourself just
by looking at videos so I found out
after two years of noodling around and
not being able to produce any kind of
good sound and also never being able
to drum fast enough I found out that
there's a way to hold the sticks that's
completely different than anything I've
been exposed to so far and that if you
didn't know how to do that nothing else
works so for two years I've been holding
the sticks wrong and if you do that you
just can't progress it's not possible
and all I knew is that you held them
light you know sort of in your
fingertips like this and that you know
you were supposed to hold them light and
I thought well there you go what else is
to know I'm holding a light I'm hitting
things but I would look at professional
drummers and I think I don't know it
just looks different whatever they're
doing looks different and and I thought
am I just old that I can't get the speed
and I'd be like ah I'm drumming as fast
as I can but I'm not I feel like I'm
maybe a quarter of the speed of the
people doing it on every YouTube video
from at every age it's like everybody in
the world is faster than me it turns out
that it's not it's not a speed per se
it's technique and specifically you you
know if you try to hit it three times in
a row let's say fast you sort of whip it
down and then the the stick comes back
but the next two hits you're not using
your arm and your wrist you're actually
just using your your fingertips to slap
it down again as it as it bounces back
to the other two times so using the
bounce back and slapping it with your
your two hands now I learned that today
after two years of looking at videos in
which this was never mentioned not once
have I seen it and I even took lessons
online for a while and not once was this
critical thing which makes everything
else possible it didn't show up anywhere
I just I just I wasn't even looking for
it I just chanced on it alright so the
point is it's not about drumming it's
not about me
the point is do you know how much better
online education could be if I could go
right to the thing I
wanted and it was in the order that I
wanted to see it
can you imagine do you know how much
happier and faster it would have been
happier I would have been and faster
would have been than taking a lesson
because with my human instructor you've
got like the first 45 minutes is getting
to know you and you're like you know 45
minutes I can learn quite a few things
and you know then the next day it's how
you do and you know my equipment let's
get your equipment lined up and do you
mind if I take a phone call and but if
you could give me a bunch of really
quick videos with no introductions
emphasis on no no introductory material
I just go right to the point where it
says hold your stick like this hit it
and then do this and you'll be three
times faster than if you just try to hit
it three times that's why you get is the
speed so I don't know about you I mean
everybody learns a little bit
differently but if you could take me
right to the thing I need and it's
explained well by somebody who knows
what they're talking about I could learn
a lot of stuff really quickly it's only
the boring stuff in between that keeps
me from learning it's it's all the bloat
it's the setup it's the it's the waiting
it's the get to the point it's the I
heard it already can he get to the new
point if I could control the exact pace
of the information just by you know
forwarding and you know going right to
it I think I could learn three times
faster for a lot of tasks some things
you need to practice anyway so I wanted
to I saw a funny tweet today from
Melissa Francis she said that she made a
clever to me basically saying that Trump
has the right to choose what happens to
his own body which made me think of
abortion so Trump has the right to
choose what happens to his own body
whether it's hydroxychloroquine or
whatever so of course that story
continues the CNN acting as
well you know I don't have to say any
more but this will be the story that
brings us all together so I called a
friend of mine who is my smartest friend
who also doesn't like Trump but meaning
that he's smart and he doesn't like
Trump and for a few years we haven't
been able to talk
we've sent messages back and forth but I
sometimes I can't read them because he's
just so he seems angry and deranged to
me and I've never really understood it
because he's not just smart he's like it
he's Ivy League you know brilliant guy
and yet we saw the world so differently
and I never understood it and so I
called him today and I found out why I I
got to the bottom of it you know rarely
rarely do you get to the bottom of
things so here's what I found out he
told me that his news sources are CNN
MSNBC and New York Times pretty much
just those three I probably don't even
need to finish the rest of it right
those are his three sources how much
would you know about the world if those
were your three sources and it turns out
that he was unaware this somewhere
around 2016 the news stopped even trying
to be anything like news at least for
the political stuff and it became just
full-out
you know teamplay he was unaware of that
he just thought well there's crazy
people on the right at Fox News and
stuff and I don't look at that and then
there's these completely reasonable
people who just try to get it right the
CNN MSNBC New York Times and he argued
especially that the New York Times plays
it right down in the middle for him and
there they're like just good legitimate
news and I tried to tell him Josh I'm
sorry I shouldn't use his name I said I
said hey guy you know you're a little
bit behind the news because these major
publications stopped being anything like
new
at 2016 or so so I asked them
specifically some questions to test his
knowledge and if you didn't see my pin
to tweet on this it's a guy like now
3,700 retweets already so people are
relating to it I guess so here are the
following things that my friend and keep
in mind he's well-informed this is
somebody who reads the news every day
follows the news you know follows those
news sources and here are the following
things they he'd never heard of okay he
didn't know that you have to pair the
hydroxychloroquine with zinc or it
doesn't work and that the studies there
were studies that were showing
hydroxychloroquine by itself wasn't
working shouldn't surprise you because
it wasn't with the zinc which is the
active part he had never heard that I'll
bet every one of you has heard it right
he had never heard that now if you had
never heard that you would think that
those studies were somewhat reliable but
now here's another one he was unaware
there's something like a quarter of
doctors at least according to a poll
said they would subscribe they would
prescribe hydroxychloroquine and there's
a through Meissen and zinc so he didn't
know that a quarter of doctors would say
yeah I'd do that didn't know that didn't
every one of you know that there are
real doctors prescribing it every day
well I literally didn't every one of you
know that because the people who are
sort of Trump supporters mostly that's
who's watching this broadly you see the
mainstream news but then you also see
you know Fox News and other sources but
if you're if you're only watching the
left and you you just can't stand to
look at anything else look at the things
you wouldn't know here's what else he
didn't know he had never heard of
off-label prescriptions he didn't know
that was a thing he didn't know that the
doctor
and prescribe something even though it
was only approved for a different use as
long as the doctor has you know some
good rationale but legally ethically and
even as a normal process of medicine
it's very routine didn't know that
I'll bet everyone of you knew that all
right how about he was not aware that a
lot of the frontline health care workers
are taking hydroxychloroquine and zinc I
assume how many of you knew that that
they were almost all of you right he
didn't know had never heard this that
the frontline workers many of them not
whole are taking hydroxychloroquine and
zinc here's the one that really blew my
mind he was not aware that there are
lots of other countries that are
massively using the hydroxychloroquine
and as I like to say they have doctors
too have you heard of India it's a real
big country they've got doctors and
stuff there doctors think it's a good
idea they're you know the the doctors in
India didn't come out of you know the
the bad doctor school and there's not
all of them you know they've got a
pretty good educational system over
there and you know Malaysia there's a
bunch of other but imagine that you'd
never heard that I mean seriously
he'd ever heard that all right here's
some more he had never seen the Russian
troll farm memes so he still believed
that it's definitely a fact that Russia
interfered with the election so I had to
agree with him that they attempted it so
I had to find that that agreement place
first because he was quite adamant but I
found the place we could agree I said
well we had agree they tried right he's
like yeah okay we can agree that they
tried and then I talked about whether
they succeeded and I said did you see
the memes like the actual memes that
they ran on Facebook did you see them
and he hadn't but but I have and I said
nobody has seen them thinks that they
influence the election because it looks
like a sixth grade project that didn't
go well I mean you just have to look at
him to know that they couldn't have
possibly I mean not in your wildest
imagination could these lame little it
would be sort of like saying I
influenced the election because I send
somebody a Hallmark greeting card that
one time I mean it's just so insanely
not likely that that had any effect on
even one vote but he didn't know it he
thought that there was some evidence
that I also asked him he also argued
that if seventeen intelligence agencies
say something's true although you can
count on it I said what what how in 2020
could you make that statement that if 17
if 17 of our intelligence agencies
agreed that that makes it credible it's
almost the opposite because first of all
not all 17 looked into it you know the
17 wasn't real anyway they finally
admitted it wasn't it was more like
three but it was really like one and it
wasn't the whole wand it was a few
people and really it was the one guy so
17 intelligence agencies usually boils
down to one or two people and then the
others either didn't disagree or they
said to how those guys are good they
know what they're doing so I'll sign on
to that but to imagine to imagine that
that that is more credible the 17
intelligence agencies looked into it and
and my friend actually believed and said
so directly that he believes that they
would not give their opinions the 17
intelligence agencies unless they had
each individually investigated do you
think that all 17 intelligence agencies
independently investigated I don't think
so I don't think so
do you think
two of them might have probably not if
one of them did it I'd be a little
impressed that anybody did it but but to
imagine that seventeen intelligence
agencies mean something he also believes
it's a fact that Russia hacked the DNC
it might be true it might be true that
they hacked the DNC but we don't know it
uh-huh meaning that I don't know it I
didn't see it and I didn't hear it from
anybody credible so if I didn't see it
myself and I didn't hear about it from
anybody credible which is the case well
I don't know that they hacked it you
know I think I saw a story in Politico
somebody sent me they showed this of
other countries tried to tried to hack
that as well but they were less
successful all right did you hear about
Joe Rogan moving to Spotify how cool is
that so well it's not cool if you're not
a subscriber to Spotify I guess so
here's what's fun about that so I guess
he's taking his product off of YouTube
and I think iTunes because he's going to
be exclusive on Spotify so you get to
hear just by being a member of Spotify I
guess and you know people are estimating
it's a hundred billion dollar deal etc
and I'm really interested in this
because I to realize that YouTube
doesn't have an upside so you know I
moved to the locals platform and it's
also subscription so both Joe Rogan and
I have moved to a subscription service
because YouTube for different reasons I
guess wasn't enough for getting it done
so I think that's gonna be a trend I
think the trend is going to be people
don't want to see ads and ads don't work
so both between the people who don't
want to see them and the advertisers
realizing they don't really work
I think you can see a lot more
subscription entertainment and you're
going to be happier about it because no
commercials so good for Joe for for
nailing that down I'm I'm really happy
that let that work down alright somebody
says willing to bet you're intelligent
friend can't change a tire either I bet
he could I'll bet he could change a tire
somebody says wrong he's going to be on
the free version of Spotify
so is he gonna be on the free version so
that that it drives people to Spotify
and then they'll subscribe anyway
Spotify is paying him apparently not
not advertisements so maybe we'll find
out more about that as time goes by all
right I'm working on a few micro lessons
and thank you for signing up change a
tire so I'm working on a few micro
lessons but not for tonight is there
anything that you would like to hear I'm
looking at your comments to see if
there's anything you wanted me to talk
about so it could be today or maybe
yourself that you won't be to prepare so
I know there's a little delay in the
comments so podcasts are free unspotted
fine hmm
did my intelligent friend to bend it all
oh yeah let me give you the punchline to
that so he is you know mentally agile
meaning that he can change his mind if
the argument has been presented and it's
solid the argument I presented was sort
of mind-boggling in the sense that I was
telling him that everything he thought
he knew about politics was wrong because
he'd been listening to sources that he
trusted and were literally just lying to
him for years
and how how easy is it to accept that
that's happened I did tell him you know
after I filled in all that information I
believe that he trusted me that the
information I gave him was both
available on other news sources and true
and also highly relevant the
conversation so I do think that I shook
his confidence I do believe that he he
will rethink the sufficiency of his news
sources I don't know if he'll change
them but I think you'll at least have
that bug in his head that there was a
whole bunch of stuff that was relevant
to the headlines that I knew and he
didn't and I don't think he's going to
forget that did I witness cognitive
dissonance no because it was a phone
conversation so I think you're asking
about that that tell where you see
somebody's face go blank there for a
minute so now I did not detect that did
you ever mention Elon Musk tweet about
the red bill I didn't and other than it
being a matrix the reference I don't
know what to say about that all right
the trouble otter meter I'll tell you I
think the stock market has already voted
don't you I feel as though that we're
gonna see nonstop good ish news from now
until victory so it's not that well it's
not that we won't have any bad news of
course because the death count is gonna
rise etc but I feel like the the news
cycle went from one bad thing after
another for a few months to were more
likely to hear about a near new therapy
or a new vaccine or a new technique I
feel like the news is going to turn
unambiguously positive I also feel that
if we can get through this next two
weeks without the death curve going up
and I think we're going to actually
because everything that we're hearing
about where all the problems are I think
we've largely identified so we know you
don't want to be an acquire and a closed
space you don't want to be a cruise ship
you don't want to be in nursing home you
know you don't want to be a done sweaty
crowd and there are there aren't that
many people are gonna be in those
situations now so the the odds that
we're gonna flatten this thing just by
being smarter is really good it's really
good and I got to say that the quality
of the protests has been excellent
meaning that you know people people have
been pushing and I call it a you know I
call the protests a productive friction
I think it's productive for the medical
community to try to push for as much
shutdown as we can get away with I think
is productive for the citizens to push
back and say we need we need to live and
eat and have jobs too so I like that
fight because that's how you that's how
you get to someplace that makes sense in
the middle so I'm pretty happy about
that somebody says I predict the normal
flu season gets hugely flattened -
that's a good prediction but the normal
flu season as we've learned probably
wasn't ever killing many people at all
so the the whole thought that the
regular flu was killing you know fifty
eighty thousand people a year it just
was never true the regular flu hardly
kills anybody and if the flu kills you
if the regular flu kills you you are
probably really close to God anyway you
know that's the the regular flu isn't
killing 40 year olds somebody says the
regular flu does kill it does it's just
very rare it's not 50 or 60,000 and all
likelihood because you you would know
people who died of the flu if that were
true
like clockwork experts are releasing
news saying they were skeptical of
modern modern errors and results well
aren't there are over a hundred vaccines
that are in some form of production not
production but development and testing
so you would expect that there are at
least a hundred competitors who are
willing to say that that other company
doesn't have the answer because they
don't want all the money and attention
to go to whoever gets there first
you know they're they want to stall them
a little bit so they can you know they
can be up there in the final three or
whatever pr1 went bankrupt somebody says
that doesn't surprise me
micro lesson idea how to nail the
interview I can I could do that you want
to know that now how many of you would
like to know how to nail a job interview
I think I could do that right now so
you're my here's my advice for a job
interview first of all there's nothing
better than just being the most prepared
person so obviously if you've got a good
talent stack etc that's the best thing
you do the the next thing is you want to
you want to show that you have a
commitment to learning because the best
employees are the ones that are going to
learn and going to take on new stuff so
you want to you want to project the
thought that you're a learning machine
you've learned a lot of things you want
to learn new things you want to you want
to learn everything there is so when you
talk about your desire to learn new
things
your employer just lights up cycle ok I
guess somebody will be able to like
really fill in a lot of things obvious
promotion so learning is just a just a
key the other thing is they want to be
comfortable with you so you want to know
that you're not a complainer so you
don't want to say something like you
know when he says why did you leave your
last job the last thing you want to do
is to say that your boss was a bad boy
never say that never throw your old
company under the bus if you're trying
to get a job at a new company because it
would quite rightly say that's the way
you're gonna talk about me when you
leave all right so you so you want to
always put the best possible spin on
your last employer so that's important
you also want to make sure that you've
presented to them what's in it for them
so you're not there for them to just ask
you questions you were there to present
a proposition they're hiring you is
better than hiring the other people so
you've got to make a direct proposition
what you can bring them and it has to be
direct so one of the things you could
say is look you know I have all the
qualifications for this job but I've
looked into your company a little bit
and I see you also have a little
weakness over here that's something I
can do because I have those skills as
well so I can so you if you hire me you
get a twofer I'll do the job and I'll be
good at it I have all the qualifications
you're looking probably a hundred other
guys have them too but the other thing
I'm going to bring you is I can do this
other thing so if you find somebody else
who can do these two things good luck so
that's where your talents start the
stack helps but more specifically you
you want to give them a concrete
proposition of what your extra is
because the other people won't do that
the other people will just answer
questions maybe ask if you but they're
not going to be selling themselves so
you don't want to be selling yourself
too much but if you're saying you get me
plus these extra benefits and you know
that might be valuable to you then
you've told told your employer what's in
it for them so you want to you want to
show that you're agreeable you're easy
to work with and by the way sometimes I
say that directly actually almost all
the time I say this directly when when I
get into a business arrangement with
anybody for anything I generally tell
them directly and upfront that it's my
philosophy to give to give extra
because this so you know if I have a you
know a job description I would tell my
boss look it's you know I'm not about
the sticking to the job description I'm
gonna I'm gonna do what needs to get
done so you know you don't hire somebody
who's just gonna slavishly do the do the
job description I'll do that too but I'm
gonna do what needs to get done
yeah I'm I'm an adult and so you want to
sell yourself as somebody who is bigger
than the job but now so big that you
will want the boss's job you don't want
to threaten the boss's job that's not
good but you want to look like you're so
helpful that you're gonna be the easiest
person to work with you know you'll be a
self-starter you'll be teaching yourself
new things you'll be volunteering to
fill in places that that nobody even
knew needed to be filled in so it's all
about presenting the extra think about
the extra and then also use pacing and
leading so pacing is when you match the
person in any way so if you let's say
you walk in and you see the person's got
hunting paraphernalia you're not a
hunter you don't even like anything
about hunting let's say but you know you
want this job so you might use language
that's sort of hunting related because
it almost certainly will work so you
might say well you know I was locked and
loaded and you know I was I was a you
know I was just walking down the trail I
was you know I got off a good shot or
something like that those are terrible
examples cuz they sound too violent but
the point is if you can get a read on
the person you can adjust your language
to use the type of words that would be
most comfortable to them and they say
are you one of me yeah I talk like that
just like me so you want to match your
boss without being too obvious about it
your potential boss one is gonna hire
you somebody says psychological and
manipulation is it you know
let's put yourself in the boss's
position
put yourself in the boss's position and
I come in for the interview it's you
know not me the cartoonist I'm just
coming in for a job and I do everything
I just recommended what would be your
opinion of me if I did everything I
recommended and you knew that I was
doing it for the purpose of getting the
job you knew that I was manipulating the
situation to get the job what would you
think of me well if you're smart you'd
say how well am I doing it because if
I'm manipulating him and I'm doing it
well meaning that I have legitimately
offered a value proposition I've
explained it well I haven't made a
mistake I hired that guy do I care that
he's putting on a show no that's why I
invited him here I invited him here to
put on a show that's why you're here so
if I put on a show and he knows I'm
putting on a show and he knows it's part
of the the theater and the psychological
manipulation of it but I'm completely
transparent
there's nothing tricky going on I'm
putting on a show that's why we're here
and I do it well I got the job
so that is what I recommend match your
match your potential boss's breathing
posture
sit up straight use your body language
take up space etc all right what are
your best questions to ask them oh
that's a good question to ask me
actually first of all you should always
ask them questions you should have some
prepared and it should be a question
that shows some insight about their
company that's the best question you
don't want to ask a selfish question
such as and what kind of cubicle would I
have wouldn't have a view those are not
the good ones the good questions are
such things such as I've noticed that
your industry is starting to move in
this direction
but if you do does that put you in
direct competition with Amazon and how
are you gonna handle that you ask a
question like that you got the job right
because people just don't think
strategically about what they're doing
now that was sort of a big picture one
it might have been a smaller question
you can say you know I noticed that your
productions almost at capacity and you
in business is good what do you think is
going to happen when you're at capacity
at this plant because that shows you're
thinking ahead and you're looking at the
big picture and stuff so the question is
not about getting the answer the
question is a way to show that you can
ask a damn good question all right if
you can ask a damn good question that's
a very impressive it's one of the most
impressive things you could possibly do
is ask a good question that really
stands out because it doesn't happen a
lot somebody talked about the the firm
handshake being out you know that's true
and it does make me wonder about the the
awkwardness because the the value of the
handshake is it was like punctuation you
knew where the end of the sentence was
and the beginning of the sentence it's
like okay beginning of the sentence and
then later end of the sentence so the
ceremony of shaking hands you had a
number of benefits but one of them was
you could tell when it was over what's
gonna happen when people can't tell if
the meetings over
because haven't you ever haven't you
ever rushed a meeting up by by the
handshake you know you be you'll be
chatting at the door and you're just
okay we're done we're done you're
thinking in your mind but somebody needs
to say we're done and since nobody can
say well we're done now okay bye it's
just awkward how many times have you
ever just said took it put out your hand
and said wow it was great to see ya
because that's exactly the same as
saying we're done here I gotta go now we
need a whole new thing like actually a
new thing a new standard for we're done
here I gotta go
both palms on table you've got a lot of
suggestions in the in the comments here
alright I'm gonna go eat some dinner
that's what I'm gonna do and I'll see
you in the morning and you should look
forward to good news top to bottom
all good news tomorrow that's my promise
to you and that we'll see you in the
morning