bump bump bump
hey Dale come on in here xeno keen good
to see you
where are the rest of you hey where is
everybody come on come on hurry up
we've gotta have some coffee there's so
many things to talk about get in here
come on gather round do you have your
beverage because you know what time it
is it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
Sean be nice be nice all right if you've
got a cup or a glass or a mug maybe a
Steiner a chalice or tankard if you have
some kind of a thermos or a flask
possibly a vessel of any kind and you
filled it with your favorite liquid then
you're ready for that intense pleasure
that I call the simultaneous step sip
sip I call it the simultaneous sip not
step there's no such thing as a
simultaneous step don't do that
do the simultaneous sip it starts now Oh
shudder so good so good to see all of
you you make my morning better all the
time
no no scaredy-cat USA that's a funny
name all right let's talk about all the
funny stories of the day number one my
video was it yesterday my video for June
22nd was instantly demonetized I think
was the 22nd so you've been watching me
for a while
would you agree as far as I know I've
never so I've got 500 some videos right
so I've got over 500 videos those of you
who've watched pretty much every one of
them would you agree that I've never
said anything not even close that would
be in sort of a term
servus problem a banning situation would
you agree that I've never said anything
that was close to the line right
and I'm demonetised consistently so
here's the thing I was looking at my
YouTube analytics and it's got little
messages of encouragement one of your
videos do well it says so really let me
say this the YouTube interface and
ecosystem is really well made you know
from an engineering perspective it's
it's just brilliant work and one of the
things they do is they complement you if
your video is doing well you know the
Machine complements you so the machine
is telling me that I'm doing great on my
views subscriber interest is high I'm
killing my numbers my I'm putting on
subscribers like crazy my my watch time
is up
all my stats are up except for
monetization which is down so interest
is up
I have violated no rules not even close
because I'm literally literally running
sort of the long term experiment to see
if I stay way away from any lines that
would be controversial if I still get D
monetized and the answer is yes I get I
get be monetized like crazy apparently
because of topics which leads us into
project Veritas video that came out
today and what it shows is a Google
employee who seems to be in the know
talking about their algorithm and their
AI etc with some troubling quotes
troubling quotes but here's the problem
the troubling quotes are not quite as
clear as you'd want them to be so
for example the the Google employee I
think she'd be an executive so I think
she's in management somehow said that
they want to quote prevent another Trump
situation and they also talked about if
they've done things differently in 2016
would she ask would the result of been
different
she also said let's see let's see if I
can find that one find some actual
quotes here that are damning so this is
from jinan janae so her name is Google
executive and her name is Jen
janae and she says quote we all got
screwed over in 2060 and again it wasn't
just us it was the people got screwed
over the news media got screwed over
like everybody goes food overs were
rapidly been like happened there and how
do we prevent it from happening again
prevent what prevent it from happening
prevent what from happening again we're
also training our algorithms like if
2016 happened again would we have with
the outcome be different so the first
thing she says is that everybody got
screwed now is she saying that the
people on the left got screwed or the
people on the right guy screwed neither
she's saying everybody got screwed so is
it damning to say that everybody got a
bad results meaning that there was
something something that made everybody
unhappy because if she was talking about
the fact that they were you know that
the social media had waited one way the
other left or right half of the country
would have been happy but she's talking
about whatever she's talking about is
something that would make she says
everybody unhappy
everybody got screwed the people got
screw the news media Google does screwed
so what is she talking about there would
mean there
everybody got screwed and the answer is
I don't know I don't know what that
means
so is she saying there's something
unbiased happened and they want to make
it biased next time
well she's now saying that so I would
say if the way it's expressed here and
the context is given makes you say whoa
you know all my flags are up this is
terrible why are you saying that and
then I look at it and I say but I don't
know exactly what she means and if I
don't know what she means I'm gonna
withhold my judgment but she says a lot
more so this mics nerd up
she says elizabeth warren is saying we
should break up Google and like I love
her but she's very misguided like that
will not make it better it'll make it
worse because all of these smaller
companies who don't have the same
resources that we do meaning Google will
be charged with preventing the next
Trump situation it's like a small
company cannot do that so she's saying
that Google could prevent the next Trump
situation but smaller companies perhaps
could not and so all of you just said
are you kidding she just admitted she
wants to prevent another Trump from
getting elected that's why you just
thought right when I read that did you
think wow she just said indirect terms
she doesn't want Trump to get reelected
again and they can change it with her AI
is that why you heard it's not what she
said it's not what she said that's what
the headlines say that's what Twitter
says but it's not what she says she
calls it a Trump situation what's that
mean why is the Trump situation well I
think the Trump situation could be Trump
got elected and that's the way most
people are interpreting it but that's
not necessarily what it means it could
be Russia ransom control ads and it took
him too long to find them right if what
she's talking about is finding
foreign interference or finding trolls
etc and that's the reason that she
thinks maybe Trump was helped is that
evil would it be evil to prevent a Trump
situation which for the left seems to be
a Trump situation is that Russia helps
Trump get elected would it be
inappropriate for Google to say we'd
like to prevent that again
that wouldn't be inappropriate in fact
every every Republican would be in favor
of that I'm watching I'm watching the
rebellion in the comments so trust me I
see what you're saying and you're
resisting my interpretation right but
I'm not giving you an interpretation I'm
telling you that what you have could be
interpreted two ways so I'm not telling
you to interpret it the other way I'm
telling the you that what we have has
two movies and they're both supported by
the facts says Scott Quinn it did you
all right so here's the thing before you
make up your mind on this you need to
hear what Jen chieh says in response or
Google says on her behalf I don't know
if she'll be able to respond because
Google lawyers would say you know let us
respond perhaps but until you hear her
version of what she meant you don't know
anything yet you don't know anything
until you hear her version how many
times have you watched your side
whatever your side is you know the
people on both sides here but how many
times have you heard your side taken out
of context in the past three years a lot
right a lot in fact it's more common
than being taken in context the most
common thing in politics is to be taken
out of context so all of these
statements look when they're taken out
of context is very very damning and I
hear you I hear you if somebody said
we've got to fix this Trump situation
BAM
red flag red flag red flag
rich like rich like sets off all of your
alarms even shut it should set off all
of your alarms these words are very
scary words and and in other parts
they're saying quite directly they're
saying directly that they can control
what people are seeing but she does talk
about fairness what's that mean well
that's a problem because fairness is an
opinion there's no such thing as
fairness the the universe does not give
you fairness fairness is perfect is only
subjective completely subjective so if
you have Google working on getting more
fairness that's a problem because that's
their opinion of fairness fairness is
not a thing you could measure with any
kind of reliability so I would say we've
got a major problem and the major
problem is that our primary will say
gatekeeper to reality Google in this
this case but also the other social
media the gatekeepers to reality are not
credible that's the problem the the
problem that we can't determine is how
unfair they are because partly that's an
opinion and partly we don't have enough
information so we can't see all the ins
and outs so we can't see what they're
doing do we have reason to think that
this is a dangerous situation absolutely
does it threaten the integrity of our
entire Republic absolutely because it
reduces credibility when I see this
project Veritas stuff and I see that I
see that Google can manipulate the
results is talking about manipulating
the results knows how to manipulate the
results and says they want more fairness
next time which is purely subjective is
that a problem you can live with
nope no you can't live with that right
so here's the thing no matter what you
think of Project Veritas whether this is
a if you think this is a smoking gun
where they've admitted their that
they're rigging the system or even if
you think it's not a smoking gun it's
exactly the same do you get that it
doesn't matter how you interpreted this
if you interpreted it as a clean
admission that they're manipulating and
trying to keep Trump from being elected
well that's bad but it's just as bad if
none of that's true it's just as bad
because if all they're doing is saying
yes we can change the election results
we're going to change the election
results by how we change the algorithm
and we're going for what we consider
fair that's the end of the story that's
all you need to know because those facts
alone without the smoking gun of
admission of what they've done or plans
to do without that it's a hundred
percent bad because it takes all
credibility under the system and it
shows you that your vote is either
programmed by the system or doesn't
matter so I push again that the
government needs to take some steps to
get a handle on this for the benefit of
the people short of telling us what the
algorithms are I don't think the public
should see the algorithms because then
we would game them you know we try to
try to figure out we used to you know
manipulate the system so I think there
does need to be some kind of proprietary
element to the algorithm for practical
reasons but I think maybe a special
judge or a special social media court
could be in charge let me give you a new
framework for this is artificial
intelligence a is artificial
intelligence not the kind we have yet
but the kind it's becoming you know
because it'll get better in a better
over time at what point would we need a
court for
official intelligence just blew your
mind because we have human courts to
judge guilt for human beings we do not
have a court to judge guilt for animals
because animals are not intelligent
they don't make decisions etc they don't
they're not guilty per se but what about
an AI and AI could actually commit a
crime and know it was doing it it could
know it was a crime and do it anyway
should we have some day a court a human
court to try algorithms should an
algorithm ever be put on trial because
the human creates the algorithm and so
you'd say no no it's not the algorithm
it's the human but aren't we approaching
a point where the algorithm will program
itself meaning that will create
algorithms that can look at the
environment and make its own decisions
about how to change things and at some
point will humans lose the ability to
know where it will all end up because if
humans don't even know where it's all
going to end up that's sort of like the
AI has free will at least as much as
humans do and if that's the case if
that's the case maybe we need a court
special court but in the in the short
run I think we need a special judge to
look at the algorithms to protect the
protect the country all right let's talk
about Bernie Sanders oh Linda let's talk
about the NBA so the NBA has decided
that they will no longer call the people
who own the team's owners so they don't
want to call the NBA team owners owners
anymore because most of their employees
are black and so you don't want to have
a company where most of the employees
are black and the common name of the
team owner is owner
now your first impression of that is
come on come on that's too much
political correctness to which I say no
it's not no it's not that's not too much
political correctness I I'm completely
in favor of that I I expect a hundred
percent disagreement on this here's my
standard there are things which are
silly and there are things which are
important what we call things is usually
in the silly category right it doesn't
matter what we call it that's not
important
but how would you like it how would you
like to be a black athlete on the team
where your boss is called your owner I
don't know I don't think it's completely
unreasonable to suggest there might be a
better word for it I don't think anybody
should go to jail if they use the wrong
word I don't think it should be a thing
I don't think anybody should be
ostracized if they say owner instead of
they want to call them governors I guess
but I've been favor of it I think that's
that's a low cost you know it's it's
well-intentioned well I'm ok with that
but I acknowledge that most of you think
it's silly all right Bernie Sanders has
a plan to eliminate all student debt and
make college and trade schools free and
you do that by taxing Wall Street
transactions so you'd get taxed if you
sell a stock I guess or sell an asset
and it is surprisingly a better idea
that I expected now I've been saying
forever that I'm left to birdie but
without the bad math because the math
just doesn't work because normally you
think of you an income tax to pay for
all these things he wants but when he
puts it in terms of a Wall Street tax it
turns out to be such a small percentage
of these gigantic transact
that you and I would even notice it it's
almost like free money because it's
coming from the richest of the rich who
are moving billions of dollars around
and if his numbers are right it's a
surprisingly strong plan because here's
the thing
let me let me give this some context
when you tax if you were to tax the
middle class to pay for other people's
student loans well that's not gonna be
very popular right because the middle
class would have spent that money and
that would have been good for the
economy but now that money is taken away
and they have to struggle and it just
helps somebody else who might have been
a middle-class so it's you know taxing
the middle class it just doesn't make a
lot of sense economically but taxing the
richest of the rich for financial
transactions alone where they're just
moving paper back and forth if that
resulted in a better educated population
at the low end and people who had more
spending money because they didn't have
to pay their loans who would that
benefit the most who would make the most
profit because people's student loans
got cancelled it would be exactly the
people who got taxed so in other words
the richest of the rich do well whatever
the country does well they do
disproportionately well all right if the
country goes if the country you know
goes up 5% in say economy the richest of
the rich might double because that they
always have the better deals so when
things are going up there they just gain
more than other people gain so I have a
real question about Bernie's plan and I
know you I know you don't want to hear
this but I'd like to see what the
economists say about it because this
might actually work right I mean believe
me if this had been an income tax plan
where middle class and up we're paying
income tax your more income tax to lower
the cost of college I'd say no way you
know that doesn't sound good
but this tax on Wall Street assets ends
up taxing
the people who will actually benefit the
most by a good workforce it's not bad
it's not bad now I don't know if Bernie
will be able to sell it as well as I
just sold it I mean I could probably
sell his plan better than he could sell
it but but wait for this argument wait
to see if Bernie closes the loop and
says I'm going to tax the you know the
rich Wall Street people because an
educated population benefits them the
most so for them it's actually an
investment but it's a long-term
investment somebody's saying good grief
it won't so I'm putting this as a
question mark so I'm not telling you
that it would benefit them more than
their costs I'm saying it's it's
definitely worth a look because we don't
know and I liked here with some
economists say even if I don't believe
them all right San Diego is building
some tent cities for all of its poor so
I guess they're putting in a lot of
money into building some kind of tenta
structures to take care of all the
homeless and I have the following
question you have all of these cities of
municipalities who have lots of things
to do you know they have they've got
garbage to pickup and crime to fight and
everything so cities are really busy but
these cities on top of all that business
they already had are having this the
smallish issue of homelessness turned
into a gigantic issue are the cities
qualified to take that on maybe not but
what about this as some level of
homelessness and we've probably achieved
that would it make sense to build what
I'll call poor City a city that didn't
exist before let's say you find some
someplace in the world where the land is
cheap and the weather is reasonable all
year long so it's probably a California
sort of weather find a place and build a
city there that's just for poor pee
them ship the poor people from the
various cities where there are homeless
everywhere to one place where you can do
it right because cities are not really
qualified to handle this gigantic
problem that that went from small to big
fairly suddenly but if you had one place
where everybody could say okay all we
need to do is organize a bus trip and
all you homeless people who need a place
we're going to bus you to poor city and
you're gonna maybe learn some stuff
maybe maybe you know maybe lab better
services but at the very least I would
think the economics of centralizing your
homelessness situation would be
extraordinary and am I wrong
from a purely economic standpoint
wouldn't it be better to have one poor
city so that all let's say all of the
California cities could ship their poor
to that one place for the maximum
qualified economical way to handle it
instead of every city trying to
reproduce the things with limited space
and time and resources so I just put
that out there I think we may be seeing
the development of whole new cities that
and and then the second part would be if
you had all this labor that is in these
homeless places could you also deal with
their you know drug addiction their
mental illness in a more effective way
because of economies of scale and and
here's here's another problem that
nobody talks about and let me say this
is not my original idea I don't think
the person who gave it to me maybe wants
to take credit for it so I'm hold off on
that for now but if you look at the
difficulty in finding a home in let's
say as a Southern California City Los
Angeles for example part of that is
because there are so many people who
have come in through immigration we're
just filling up those places so one of
the things that's happening with the
homeless is that they're not just people
who can't afford for homes but the
secondary problem
is immigrants who can afford homes
because if you bring in lots of people
who can afford homes at the low-end then
the people who used to be able to afford
them don't have as many homes so there's
a great deal of competition at the
low-end creating more homeland
homelessness not just of the people
coming in but the people they replace by
taking up the homes that people were
already here could have used we don't
need anybody talk about that all right I
think maybe this will end up being some
kind of a solution for urban blight
maybe a will get us closer to birth to
building homes
somebody says concentration camp yeah I
mean anytime you concentrate people in
one place it's the concentration camp
according to the according to some
people alright let's talk about the new
Iran sanctions why is that there are
always more sanctions we can put on does
it seem to you that we we we should run
out of things to sanction after a while
but I guess the pressure is going to be
on Iran some more at the same time that
a top 70 diplomat is reported to have
said and I'm a little wary of this
because the duplicate diplomat is not
named but a top Saudi diplomat says it's
time for the Arab world to realize that
the quote age of war with Israel is over
so there's a top Saudi diplomat probably
talking you know with with the blessing
of the boss so Saudi Arabia's position
seems to be if you can if you believe
the unnamed so deed
[Laughter]
that's over it's time to working now why
is that important well the obvious
reasons but here but here's let me read
it again to you and see if you can pick
out the key word in the statement it's
time for the Arab world to realize that
the age of war with Israel is over
keyword arab so the saudi is saying it's
time for the arab world to realize that
the age of war with Israel is over do
you know who's not in the Arab world a
ramp because Iranians are not Arab so
Iran seems to be the one that's going to
be on the outs with both the entire Arab
world and or at least most of it and if
not almost all of it as well as Israel
as well as the United States and Sarah
so it's more isolation for Iran and
that's a big deal now let's talk about
Jared Kushner's peace plan for the
Middle East let's look at it you know
obviously I think it's obvious that if
the Trump administration had a Middle
East peace plan that we'd all be talking
about it would be that at the top of the
news so let me go to Fox News and I'll
read from just this is the top page of
Fox News and I want to read about the
Middle East peace plan he's offering
them the deal of the century okay I was
just gonna make a plan that I now
revised I was gonna make a point that
I'm revising which is I couldn't figure
out why there wasn't enough talk about
it and so I guess I'll need to read this
story but the 15 billion in grants and
25 billion in low-interest loans and 11
billion in private equity I don't see
where it's coming from though they said
the white house money would be invested
over ten years
lead to investments in other places all
right so this is all brand new so I
haven't seen the the details but of
course the Palestinians leadership and
other people rejected it out of hand
what they said was you can't buy you
know you can't buy our dig to the or
something along those lines you can't
buy our rights you can't buy our dignity
and so the Palestinians took a stand on
principle they they want to reject of 50
billion dollars on principle now I don't
want to be unkind
but for years I've been hearing
something that made me just laugh
because people would say the reason that
there's not peace in the Middle East is
because the Palestinians are stupid and
I always said okay stop being a racist
the Palestinians are not like extra
stupid that's not a thing
they just have their interests that are
different than yours there's religion
there's you know there's lots of things
going on it's complicated it's not
stupid like that's not happening that's
just being racist but I have to revise
that opinion let me give you some advice
if somebody says to you Bob let's say
your name is Bob they say to you Bob you
have 10 problems but one of those
problems is money so I'm going to give
you 50 billion dollars to handle one of
your problems still got nine problems I
think the 50 billion might help
indirectly with the other stuff but I'm
gonna give you 50 billion dollars what
is the smart answer the smart answer is
well hell yeah I want your 50 billion
why wouldn't I
why wouldn't I take free money and then
I'll take your 50 billion but we're also
gonna talk about the other than I and
things right is that right if I say yeah
yeah of course we're going to talk about
all the things but I'm gonna give you
fifty billion dollars you just have to
say yes the Palestinians have decided to
say no
that's just stupid I'm sorry that's just
stupid
now let me be careful I'm gonna be as
specific as I can I'm talking about the
leadership and the people who you know
make pronouncements I'm not talking
about the citizens
I'm sure the citizens are you know
lovely intelligent people like most of
the world but the Palestinian leadership
has proven themselves to be stupid at a
level I didn't think I could ever see
have you ever seen anything that dumb if
somebody offers you 50 billion let me
let me teach you how to answer this okay
we'll do a little roleplay I'm gonna ask
you you have ten problems one of them is
money I plan to give you fifty billion
dollars and then talk about the others
what is your answer in the comments give
me a yes or no how many of you take
fifty billion dollars that's offered for
free yes because every single freakin
person on this periscope is smarter
clearly I mean obviously smarter than
every single person who is apparently in
charge of the Palestinian situation
every one of you is smarter than them
every one of you it's mind-boggling
right now so we had no I suppose it
could be some kind of a negotiation
thing but it doesn't look like it it
really alright somebody in the comment
centrum something very funny but I'm not
going to repeat it but yes but but to
the funny comment in the comments
exactly that is the correct answer to do
you want 50 billion dollars the only
correct answer is yes and then let's
talk about the other stuff
all right I've said that to death
now what I love about the 50-billion
is that it's a shake the box at a new
variable really big can't ignore it and
it should completely split the
Palestinians meaning that for I I have
this imagination of you know some
Palestinian leaders going on on on TV
and saying we reject this this is an
insult to our dignity it ignores our
rights to right of return it's bad in
all of these intellectual psychological
ways and then when the camera is off and
and you know the the leaders friend says
to them but you're still going to take
the 50 50 billion right and the guy says
no no no I mean it we this this is far
too insulting and his friend just says
no seriously they just offered us fifty
billion dollars you're you're actually
gonna say no to this right yes it's an
insult no seriously dude fifty billion
dollars you just have to say yes that's
it you just have to say yes no no that
was an arrow hitting the Palestinian
leader that arrow being sent by somebody
is in his own family I would think this
would cause a lot of infighting because
for every leader who says no no this
would be bad for our egos and our honor
and our our rights and whatever else
they say and by the way those are all
important things but none of it is
changed by accepting some money so this
would have to split the Palestinians
right in half I would think for every
person who says this is an insult
there's going to be somebody who says
I'd like to eat eating is good too
don't forget eating we like to eat
so the the beauty of this offer is that
if the Palestinians ultimately reject it
think ahead right there are there are
two things that happen when you have a
peace plan they accept it yeah everybody
wins they accepted it unlikely right and
the other thing is they reject it
who wins if they reject fifty billion
dollars Israel right am i right if the
Palestinians reject 250 billion dollars
because it doesn't solve all of their
problems Israel has a free pass to treat
them any way they want now not literally
but you know what I get the point right
if they turn down an offer that at least
on paper is so enormous nobody can ever
take them seriously again you can't take
their leaders seriously and the entire
world is going to say look now it's just
on you see apparently the according to
the Saudi diplomat the Arab world has
already decided hey Palestinians you
know we can help you but you got to do a
little bit to help yourself all right if
you're not going to do a little bit to
help yourself
we're out so it looks like the Saudis
and maybe some of the rest of the Arab
world is out and that would further
isolate Iran so whether or not Jarrod's
plan is accepted it's brilliant
it is brilliant if it's accepted and it
is brilliant and if it is rejected he
found two ways to win and no way to lose
have you ever seen this before
have I been talking about this for three
years that Trump consistently finds two
ways to win and no way to lose this plan
wins both ways it wins if they take it
it and Israel wins if they reject it
because then Israel has way less
pressure to make a deal
because then it's obvious that no deal
could be made likewise it would allow
more pressure on Iran because it's clear
that we're trying to do it the right way
and if the right way it doesn't work all
that leaves you is the wrong way and
that the wrong way is dangerous Iran has
apparently threatened that they could
shoot down more of our drones now I
don't know what threatened means maybe
because that doesn't sound like a threat
you know if somebody says if you do that
again I'm gonna punch you in the nose
that's a threat if if somebody says you
do that again I'm gonna kick your
bicycle well it's still sort of a threat
but are you worried are you worried I
would maybe change my behavior to avoid
a punch in the nose well I don't know if
I change my behavior too much to avoid
somebody kicking my bicycle I mean I
don't want anybody to kick my bicycle
what if they threaten it you know it's
not the biggest problem all right
there's a online company called Ravelry
Ravelry that is for knitting and
crocheting enthusiasts and they have
decided that they're going to ban Trump
discussions because they don't want to
support white supremacy so this knitting
and crocheting site believes that
discussions of Trump are the same as
white supremacy and so they banned it
now I would say this company should
stick to their knitting because if they
don't everything a little unravel to
which I say so
so what let's say they missed a stitch
well anyway I'm just only in this for
the puns I don't really care too much
about it hey wait what else we got going
on today Oh
so Jordan Peterson that has a new some
kind of a social media site coming I
don't know the details because hasn't
been announced but it will be called
think spot one word think spot and he's
tweeted about it and don't know when it
will come or what it will look like but
I think we'll all take a look at that
what happens here's the fun have you
noticed how similar Trump and JFK are
lately
joel wrote an article in
Breitbart pointing out that the you know
the Cuban Missile Crisis and the way
Trump is handling Iran they you know
they have some comparisons and
brinksmanship but JFK's personal life
looks a lot like the the president's as
well and and when you look at the crowds
that come to Trump's rallies it feels a
lot like he's a Republican JFK doesn't
it I mean if you just if you ignore the
fact he's in a different party his
personal life looks very similar to
JFK's and the way he handles
geopolitical stuff looks kind of similar
and JFK presided over a good economy did
he not pretty similar so we're having
this weird similarity with JFK that's
fun and just worth noting as other
people have noted Peter Budaj edge
appears to have no chance of getting
elected because the way he's handling
this police shooting in his city is not
making anybody happy and he's just not
looking like a leader he's looking like
a why just doesn't look like a leader so
I think the the Pete Budaj edge campaign
has no place to go so one or two fix
Kamala Harris his biggest problem for
you right here don't know if she'll ever
see this but
I want to show you're her biggest
problem and I'm gonna have to change the
lighting on my phone before I hold it up
so that you can see it clearly can you
see this picture yeah shows up pretty
well so look at her expression look at
her smile and her eyes this is her
biggest problem and let me explain it
she has what I would call an unconfident
smile and laugh she has a very
unconfident smile have you noticed that
the President President Trump never
laughs at his own jokes right and when
he sees something that's funny
you know let's say somebody in his rally
crowd says something funny he gives a
smirk and then he gives a smile and then
he sort of turns away you would and he
turns away that's how you you register
humor in a confident leader Lee way he
registers humor like he's on top of it
humor is something that he controls his
reaction to it shows he's having a very
controlled reaction to it when you see
kumla harris laughs she has a nervous
laugh and she has a nervous smile which
projects what does it project not just
lack of confidence yes it does project a
lack of confidence but it projects us
something else weakness
almost almost so somebody said weakness
uneasy lack of confidence in sincerity
yeah all of those things something worse
something way worse weakness is close
but it's not what I'm getting it there
it is there it is subordinate it is a
subordinate laughs she laughs like she's
laughing at her boss's joke watch forth
so it is an unconfident submissive
facial expression
and laugh submissive is what I was
looking for but subordinate gets to the
same thing
it is a subordinates laugh and it
projects subordinates aborting it you
know personality you can't be the
President of the United States if your
face and your your nervous laugh are
projecting that you're the lowest
ranking person at the meeting right when
you laugh you want to laugh like a boss
think about think about the leaders you
know alright you've seen Bill Clinton
laugh you've seen Ronald Reagan laugh
you've seen Obama laugh you've seen
Trump laugh you've seen
let's you've probably seen Margaret
Thatcher you've probably seen Elizabeth
Warren laugh you've probably seen
Hillary Clinton laugh well Hillary
Hillary's was not a submissive laugh she
just had sort of a weird cattle but it
was not submissive whatsoever wouldn't
you say would you say the Hillary
Clinton had a submissive laugh I would
say no right I mean she had a
personality that was hard to love some
people are calling it evil yeah her
laugh was more evil when Hillary Clinton
Clinton laughed about killing Qaddafi
did any of that sound submissive it did
not it sounded the opposite of
submissive
she laughed about killing somebody and
it was a it was a leader laugh so say
what you will about Hillary but she did
not project weakness Hillary Clinton
projected leaderly qualities now she had
her flaws but the way she projected the
way she handles herself the way she
carries herself the way she smiles the
laughs what she reacts to very much in
the lead early mode kumla and now that
I've talked it out a little bit look at
it again and see if you can see it you
see it right that's that's a low
confidence submissive approach this says
I'm not the strong
person in the room I'd better make you
happy so you don't hurt me that's what
that face says now I believe that she
probably could control that in other
words what if somebody goes to a funeral
they can control laughing right people
can control their responses if they're
doing it intentionally I believe that
she could fix that and if she does fix
it she's gonna pop up in the polls I
think it's their biggest problem right
now is that her facial personality she's
tried I think she probably went too far
in trying to see him like a real person
as a person of the people and she could
have a laugh with you and she can have a
beer with you so I think I think she
went a little too far in that direction
all right and that is all I had to talk
about today and so I think I'm going to
close it off here and I'm going to talk
to you later