[Music]
[Applause]
hey everybody come on it's time it's
time for a coffee with Scott Adams and
you already know who you are
so put us all together and you've got
everything you need except you might
need some kind of a container for your
beverage what kind of container well it
could be a copper mug or a glass of
tanker chelators taina canteen Joker
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure that dopamine the end of the
day the thing that makes everything
better
including coronaviruses economies and
race relations yeah
everything happens now except go I can
even feel some of our natural disasters
mitigating just a little bit the wind
has died down a few degrees yet it's
it's looking good
so you can tell that the anti-trump errs
are running out of material when they
start to repeat so and some of their
attacks are the dumbest attacks you've
ever seen for example they're going
after Trump for his health now I think
it's fair to go after anybody over 70
for their health if they're running for
president so the attack in general
perfectly fair but the trouble is the
candidate he is running against is
actually decomposing in a basement
somewhere so any health issues that you
highlight on Trump even if they're true
it's gonna bring the question of health
to the front I don't know if that's what
they want to do if Biden is your
candidate I'm seeing more and more
evidence that Camel Harris will be the
vice presidential pick the smart people
have decided that she's the only one who
can be picked guess why because of her
race and her gender why is it okay that
the job of Vice President of the United
States at least the candidacy of the
Democrat side will be determined by race
and gender why are we okay with that it
did it just sort of we just ended up
here without paying attention isn't the
very thing we're supposed to be guarding
against is picking a candidate based on
their skin color and their gender and
we're not even pretending you know in
the old days you would sort of pretend
you weren't but you really were
you know when Obama got elected and you
got something like 95% of the black vote
you know nobody was well not nobody but
people didn't want to say well it's we
want a black president but people are
sort of water to black president a lot
of people who just said it's time let's
get us a black president I was one of
those people and I still think it was
good that we had a black president for
two terms I think it served us well in
terms of how the country feels about
itself it did not solve racism as it
turns out it didn't didn't really solve
anything all right
um so I wouldn't worry about the attack
on Trump's health he did say that the
ramp was slippery that's what I told you
so if you want to find out the future
you know where to come there's a funny
story about the ticket sales for Trump's
rally reportedly that they've sold order
people have asked for something like a
million tickets but there's a there's
only room for a few hundred thousand or
whatever
so the ticket sales or at least the
inquiries are through the roof but
here's what's funny so there's some
suggestion that Democrats were buying
tickets so that they could essentially
keep Republicans out of there so that
you know it would be empty but I don't
think they thought this through because
there were always so many people out
doors that if the Democrats bought a
bunch of tickets for seats and then
didn't show up they would just let the
people who are outdoors inside and they
would have not had to pay for a ticket
because the Democrats paid for the
tickets
so I don't know that they thought this
through because I think they've cleverly
figured out a way for Democrats to buy
tickets for Republicans if any of that's
happening that would be hilarious
so the president is apparently going to
sign some kind of executive order on
policing tomorrow I don't know what the
details are but do you think that will
help no you know doing something isn't
going to help
so the protesters have you know number
of demands let's say you've met them all
let's say they had 15 demands and you
just gave them all 15 things what would
happen would the activists then retire
no because that's their job
if you're an activist you're sort of uh
stuck being an activist you don't really
go from activist to well I think I'll be
an accountant now once you're an
activist you're sort of locked into that
activist life so if if the activists for
black lives matter you know it just has
a mental experiment suppose they got
everything they asked for well they're
not going to retire and claim victory
doesn't work that way they would still
be activists so if you gave them
everything you wanted they don't have
any kind of retirement plan they would
have to keep telling you that you didn't
give them enough because it's sort of
the job so while I do think that one
should look to fix you know any systems
that have problems at the policing
certainly is quite imperfect I don't
think we should think of him in terms of
solving the problem because you could
solve the police problem but it doesn't
really have much to do with the overall
racism problem that that sort of
evergreen situation
I saw a funny headline on Fox News that
black lives matter is starting to doubt
the sincerity of the white activists in
the Jazz zone they're starting to wonder
if the white activists are quite in
there for the right reasons so I don't
know what could be funnier than
difficult race relations within the
protesters themselves now I don't want
to see anybody get hurt but I wouldn't
be on have used if racial strife broke
out within the people protesting against
racial strife just for entertainment
purposes again I wouldn't want anybody
to get hurt
but for entertainment purposes that
would be quite terrific and it looks
like it's heading in that direction I
woke up early this morning to start work
3:00 a.m. or so the first the first
thing I see on Twitter is Jack boo
Sabich dental lifestream as he was
leaving the Chas zone where apparently
he's been undercover for three days
so Jack and somebody who was working
with on this were undercover with masks
and you know hats and stuff and they
were just operating and taking videos
and stuff within the Chas ode and now
he's out so he's letting us know because
he's left the zone he's not going back
but a good job do you remember seeing
all that all that good video on CNN from
inside Chas nope you didn't see any of
that do you remember on Fox News all
that good video inside chat no no you
didn't see any but you did see a lot of
coming in a jazz and some some large
percentage of that I guess came from
Jack personick so well we're gonna talk
about that more about that in a minute I
decided to be in favor of reparations
but now for the reasons you might
imagine I'm in favor of reparations
because I really really want to see
people try to calculate it don't you
aren't you just a little bit curious
about that I don't think there would be
anything funnier than watching yeah the
dog catch the car you know they say dogs
chase cars but what if they catch one
what are you gonna do with it well
similarly I'm not not comparing anybody
to a dog so don't say that it's just an
analogy similarly what would happen you
know if if everybody agreed to calculate
reparations what if people said you know
yeah it's good idea let's let's sit down
let's get out the pencil let's get out
the spreadsheet let's figure out who's
owed whopped and and what are they own
for example I have some open questions
I'm descended from abolitionists people
who tried to end slavery so as a
descendant of abolitionists how much do
I owe
Oprah because that's my understanding is
that I would know Oprah some money
because not only was I descended from
people who fought to end slavery and did
not own any slaves themselves they
sacrificed to try to end it but also I'm
white so that you know there's got to be
some expense involved with that by
coincidentally being white so I would
just like to know how much I owe Oprah
that's just one question some of you
would have questions too for example
let's say you didn't have any of these
the immense privileges that you thought
you thought were owed to you by being
white well do you still have to pay well
yes you do
and the is this is explained to me that
even if you were poor and white and your
family didn't do anything useful for you
and you had to make it on your own that
you still owe black people money because
your your family could have taken
advantage of being white and it's not
black people's fault if you didn't do it
if your family didn't do it that's sort
of on you so that's the argument I've
been told you might find that
unconvincing but that's the argument so
I've got two days left in my one week
challenge for somebody to explain to me
was systemic racism beans with a current
example now lots of people have
explained to me what it means with
examples of things that don't apply
anymore like laws that used to be the
laws etc Tim Poole had an interesting
definition which I've never heard from
anybody else so I don't know how common
it is I can only say that I've never
heard it before and it goes like this
and I think there's a phrase here called
going on tour which refers to getting in
the small amount of trouble which you
can't get out of and it just magnifies
the rest of your life for example let's
say you've got a traffic ticket but you
couldn't afford to pay it because you're
poor and you're black the poor the poor
part being more important than the black
part and so you don't pay your ticket
and then you get pulled over again and
now you've got an outstanding ticket
they take your license but you still
have to drive your car because that's
the only way to get to work and then the
next time you get pulled over or now
you've got tickets and no license now
you go to jail but you can't afford a
lawyer now you've got a criminal record
so so that by being poor you can't
extricate yourself from small problems
because you can't even you know pay a
fine now I don't know how so this don't
take too much from this specific example
but rather generalize it to the the
larger point
that small troubles could be compounded
over time and that Tim Poole would like
to define that as sort of a structural
systemic racism but it still doesn't
pass the test of how does any other poor
person get out of this if you're poor
and white how do you pay your ticket I
mean there's something terribly missing
from this do the poor white people
suddenly produce money out of nothing
and they can pay the ticket with having
no money before they got stopped like
how do they get out of trouble why isn't
it exactly the same for all poor people
so what makes this systemic racism if it
applies to everybody who doesn't have
now I think there was on top of this
there was the example that of something
that no longer is the case where each
municipality would be stopping people
and maybe they stopped black people at a
higher rate so if black people were
being stopped at a higher rate for no
particular reason well that would be
just regular racism I don't know if
that's systemic that would just be a cop
being a racist and if there were more
than one cop of course there are who
would also have those same opinions it
would be multiple cops who are racist
but is that systemic racism it just
looks like cops being racists just like
every other profession would have some
people being racists so two days left
nobody has given me a coherent
definition of systemic I've gotten lots
of definitions and now I've gotten lots
of examples but the examples are all the
things that are illegal now there are
all examples from the past I I tweeted
today that if it seems as if every one
of your trusted institutions have lost
credibility in the past few years that's
probably an illusion
now you think you'd yourself wait a
minute that you know the news went bad
Congress went
are bad you know basically our
intelligence agencies the police
basically everything went bad all all
the things we trusted turned out to be
corrupt all of them everything basically
everybody is lying to you top to bottom
government or just everybody
corporations you name it and here was my
my take on that my take is that nothing
changed
the only thing changed is that now you
know it that those institutions were not
worse they were not worse now than they
have been in the past you just found out
they were all always corrupt they were
all always lying to you you just found
out now there's certainly a matter of
degree and I think that is certainly in
the news business there's been a
worsening but it's not like the news was
always given that to you straight right
I mean back in the Walter Cronkite days
do you think the news was always honest
you know right down the middle I don't
think so I don't think so but now we're
just more aware of it now I will point
out that when Trump was running for
president even before he was elected I
told you not all of you but I said
publicly a number of times that he would
change more than politics he would
change our view of reality and he did he
sure did because some of the things
you've learned about reality are that we
don't make decisions based on facts and
reason a few years ago you would have
said we did you know sure we don't do it
well so we need to improve it but now
you know it's not even part of the
process don't you now you know facts and
reason don't work and the reason they
don't work is we don't know what the
facts are they're all lies all of our
facts are unreliable but at least you
have your sense of reason right but we
we observe in public people unable to
read
so what happened was over time we human
beings were you know we started out
being irrational and superstitious and
you know we didn't have any ability to
reason we'd you know we didn't have any
math or philosophy skills
we were just primitive people but over
time
oh boy did we evolve mentally we learned
science we learned how to do controlled
tests we learned reason and logic and
then we put them all together our
ability to to find facts and then marry
that with logic and reason to make good
decisions how'd that work out not at all
as soon as you get it outside of the
realm of science or math where you can
actually check to see if something makes
sense you know you run the math you test
it you can find out if something's true
or not over time but in the messy real
world all of our facts are lies or even
if they're true we don't know they're
true so you can't even trust them things
sometimes are true by coincidence so in
a world in which your facts are all lies
or at least you can't trust them and
there's no two people you can put it in
a room who will agree what is a logical
way to approach something we've created
a system that can't work that's right
we've created a system which absolutely
favors logic and data and there are two
things that we don't have any of and
can't get logic and accurate data so we
built a system that relies completely on
the two things we don't have and can't
get that's where we are now amazingly we
have such robust systems that they seem
to survive all of us somehow you know
the Republic keeps chugging along
somehow democracy and the Republic seem
to work somehow capitalism keeps
chugging along you know we have protests
and stuff but we get past them so
amazingly we built a system that
work just by design we can't work if you
don't have the right data and you don't
have anybody who can do logic and reason
that's not much of a system but that's
where we are I would say that so anyway
the big point is that nothing got worse
you got smarter nothing got worse
you just found out and that was the
Trump effect because if Trump had not
framed the news as fake news it probably
would not be nearly as convincing that
they really do make up the news they
actually just make it up I don't know
that we would have understood that as a
civilization and now I think everybody
understands that although half of the
country thinks it only happens with you
know the other side there's still half
of the country that has not reached the
level of awareness to know it's both
sides that make stuff up they still
think it's only the other side if that's
where you're at you're you need to catch
up all right there's not any there's no
such thing as the one side that's
telling you the truth and the other side
of this lying if you're stuck there
you're very confused about your world
but I have I have hope that you'll make
it to the next level I have a suspicion
that the inhabitants of chas the new
autonomous own and what used to be
Seattle whatever's left of Seattle I
have a feeling that they are not
economists on the whole probably got a
lot of engineers and they're but I bet
they have a lot of artists so this is a
I've said this before I know that people
can't tell if I'm kidding about this
because parity and reality have gotten
so close but I'll tell you directly and
this will be my promise to you if I ever
tell you directly the way I'm doing it
now
I am telling you directly you can trust
them all right if I try to leave
something out or I've tried to
you know if I were trying to just
persuade you know that might look a
little different but if I tell you
directly I forgot what I was going to
say you know if you notice how often
I'll go on a tangent and then when I get
down the tangent I'm like ah I wish I
knew what that was related to by the
time I got through the end of it this is
one of those times when having no sense
of embarrassment really comes in handy
anyway I don't think Chaz has many
engineers or economist and oh here's the
part I was going to say I am completely
serious
no parody completely serious when I say
I very interested in how Chaz works out
I'm very interested in letting it run a
little bit now I don't think he can run
forever because the city has to be
reclaimed I don't think you could have a
lawless Zone in the middle of in the
middle of the city but I'm completely in
favor of the very very very gentle way
that is being treated I'm very much in
favor of learning something from it and
I'm very much in favor of the people
involved learning something from it I
just watched the video I don't know if I
retweeted I just watched it before I get
on of a black activist who and why do I
have to say black right language what's
wrong with the world that this story
that has nothing to do with the guy
being black I still think it's important
to the story and it is it actually is
important to the story but it sure
shouldn't be right so he's an activist
who happens to be black and because
we're in the middle of what we're in the
middle of the part about being black
actually is important to the story
and he was he was an activist against
police brutality against black
population in particular and the police
asked him to come in for a training day
so that he would train like a police
officer and they gave him certain
situation you were a police officer
would pretend to be uncooperative you
know being arrested in such things and
at the end of the training the activist
said okay changed my mind completely now
that I see the split the split-second
decisions and the amount of you know
perceived risk that even I had just
changed just in a in an artificial
environment
he said he completely changed his mind
and people should cooperate with police
and that the real problem is people not
knowing they really need to cooperate
with the police now that was just one
guy in one anecdote I don't know that
that could be repeated but I think
there's something happening with it with
Chas that's just like that because
they're they're washing themselves have
racial strife I guarantee that there's
at least somebody there who is worried
about the fact that these the security /
police force is mostly black if not all
black I don't know
so you don't think there's somebody
white in Chas who is worried about the
fact that the police force seems mostly
black and that maybe there might be some
bias involved I don't know you me since
this is a self-selected group of people
who identify as having a lack of bias
maybe not maybe not maybe they're
they're so self selective and filtered
that that that doesn't register as any
kind of a bias but I think if you let
the experiment run a little bit longer
people are gonna you know some racial
tension will emerge which is would be
interesting to know since these are all
the anti-racist people I think they'll
recreate systems and find out that they
need money and economies and all those
things and sent 'iv so let's run it but
ultimately they have to leave there
because not their property and I would
love to see this experiment taken
somewhere else like I would love love
love to see some part of a state just
carved out for experimenting let people
go there and
develop a system and see if they can
live with no police force because I
think if you designed your community
right and part of the design would be
deciding who could be there and who
couldn't all right so you can imagine
controlling the elements of a design of
a community I could imagine that you
could get your need for a police force
down to almost nothing for example
imagine you built a community and one of
the one of the rules is that every block
had to have a working or retired police
officer who owned a gun just just
imagine that every block you know
there's at least one police officer you
just make that a rule alright one of
these apartments or one of these homes
has to be reserved for a police officer
now that police officer doesn't need to
be working in that community their job
could be you know miles away somewhere
else it's just that if you put a certain
kind of person with a certain kind of
training and you sprinkle them around
the community you probably get a better
result
just just one of many things you could
do to design a safer place all right I
would love to see an experiment in which
something like Chazz gets set up in
which the dominant theme is a victim
let's say a victim dominant system
meaning that whoever can most
effectively make the case that they're
the biggest victim in whatever situation
is involved that the biggest victim gets
the most say that the most resources and
attention goes to the whoever can
present themselves most effectively as
the biggest victim now that's the system
that Chazz not explicitly but by their
collective actions seem to favor I'd
like to see how it goes because I think
they need to see how it goes too now the
alternative
- this would be a system that's more
aspirational and self-reliant and you
know you can do what you want to do and
then just run an experiment all right
let me tell you what I think is wrong
with everything in the world right now
and I'm going to do this on the
whiteboard yes there's a whiteboard and
what I've done is I've taken our current
situation the world situation and I put
it into the the bottle of a car engine
now if you don't know how car engines
work I'll give you that really quick
explanation of just the car part and
then all that we'll talk about the human
system that's operating like a car so in
a car you've got this thing called a
carburetor that takes air and gasoline
mixes them into a sort of a mist if you
will and it feeds that mist over to the
spark plug which adds the fire to the
gasoline that's knowing in a mist
there's another word for it a you know a
gaseous air form what would you call it
but anyway the spark plug ignites that
and the timing of the spark plug is
controlled by other devices in the car
these small explosions in in confined
spaces make the Pistons move and the
Pistons are connected to the wheels
through a series of gears so if all of
this is working the way it's supposed to
you would have the air and the gas mixed
in just the right amount you would have
a spark plug which is really well timed
so it's sparking just right against just
the right amount of gas there and then
it makes the Pistons and wheel turn now
I've the second layer is in the the
purple letters so just you know by way
of overlaying the human system on top of
us so you can see it as a machine oh and
by the way this is a vapor is the word
thank you fumes vapor atomizes those are
the words I was looking for not miss
now what what you're seeing here is a
technique I use a lot when I'm trying to
think through a complicated situation
often I'll translate it into my mind
into a machine so that I can look at the
machine in my mind and you know rotate
it and see all the parts and then I
diagnose it like an engineer and it's
just a way to hold things in your mind
in a way that you can see them connected
so it doesn't matter what the machine is
as long as it forms a good analogy so
that's what I've done here imagine if
you will that the gas is the GOP and the
Democrats are the air now it's just kind
of fun that you've got air and gas and
if you had to assign a political party
to those you would definitely give the
demo had Democrats the air and the
Republicans the gas right it just seems
like your fits by way so they're feeding
they're feeding their stuff into the
carburetor which is like the news so the
news is the thing that takes all of
these inputs and sort of normalizes that
and turns it into a workable form for
the public and for the government and
then sends it over the spark plug the
spark plug is like Trump the president
in general about Trump right now now
normally the spark plug is controlled by
advisers so the the president doesn't
just spew anything that you know comes
to his mind
it's a filtered and massaged and you
know they any controversial or offensive
things are taken out of it it's all
scrubbed up so it's nice and clean and
tight and doesn't offend anyone
that's what advisors do but we don't
have that situation what we have is a
president who has a Twitter account and
the advisors are not controlling his
timing so you got a wild spark plug and
you've got a news business that no
longer acts as a carburetor instead it
acts as an accelerant because their
business model changed
in the old days the news was trying to
give you something that was sort of a
common view of the world that would also
be productive so the carburetor used to
work to make things work better even if
the news wasn't right we were all on the
same page so the carburetor used to be
helpful but now the news really just
tries to throw as much fuel onto the
fire as possible so they're putting way
too rich a formula onto the spark plug
so you've got the news it was ramped up
out of control it's like a broken
carburetor as feeding too much fuel to
the spark plug which is Trump who has
already got its own timing issues so you
got a wild ride going on here and of
course it's you can still move forward
maybe just lurching instead of as
smoothly driving but here's my take on
the engine of society the engine of
society is broken and it's primarily
because of the news business is no
longer a traditional news business the
news business is in the business as many
smart people have told you jacking up
that part of your brain that gets you
excited so it's not about informing you
whatsoever it's just about getting you
excited so your excitation gets applied
to issues which you might have handled
differently if you had not been all
excited by the news and so my view of
the the problem with the world as the
news and then if you fix that one thing
everything else would be easier to fix
so in my opinion the foundational crisis
is the news the news business being
broken completely broken just absolutely
worthless and the news business is no
longer trying to help the country
they've simply taken a team and they're
just trying to help their team nobody's
helping the country did I say nobody
nobody's helping the country
well what's interesting is
that this engine has a new factor which
is the independent journalists and
voices on the Internet I'm talking about
your Tim Poole's I'm talking about if
your mic sir which is I'm talking about
me you know just anybody who is an
independent voice and isn't especially
worried about getting canceled now the
some extent would also be like a jacked
up a Sabich but you works for you know
larger news entity but the people who
are not in let's say that that the most
mainstream of the mainstream news it's
people outside of that who are trying to
hold this model together we're trying to
keep the you tried to keep the car in
the road because the news business used
to do that function that you used to be
a carburetor but now it's not so you you
do see the independent internet
personalities trying to calm down the
system try to give it a little more a
little less fakeness in the news calling
out the mistakes etc it helps a little I
don't know if it's enough yeah Taibbi is
another good example cheryl atkinson
another good example yeah
informational warlords somebody's using
that phrase information a little
warlords or persuasion in warlords yeah
there is something like that so I
believe that our problems with race are
mostly a news problem meaning I'm not
saying that the problems don't exist
because somebody will take me out of
context and say you said there's no
problems now I'm not saying that I'm
saying that the way we're approaching
the problems are because the news has
assigned us opinions to make us fight
basically so the news business
is the foundational crisis the other
crises happen on top of that right then
and there in many ways caused by a
broken new
business all right what about sharks
with laser guns and somebody asked me
all right
yeah all right that's what all I want to
say about that topic let's see what else
we've got going on here do you think
it's immoral to tell people that they're
victims I was thinking that today it
seems to me that the way black people
are being abused in this country it just
changed forms and it didn't stop
happening in other words you know all of
the past racial and Justices to a large
extent you know we've been working
pretty hard as a society to try to you
know to reduce those but then we just
come up with a whole new way to abuse
black people and right now it's
happening because we're all lying to
them you know me included of course I
don't take myself out of that we're just
lying to black people do you know why
were lying to black people it's because
the news is broken the news is broken so
you have to lie because it's a it's a
survival thing what do I think black
people need to do differently to have
more success I don't know if I could
tell them because I feel like I'm sort
of forced into line because to move
forward with anything you pretty much
have to be able to talk about it yeah
how do you make a decision or work
together when you can't even talk that
doesn't make sense that's where we are
so we we we have a news business which
has fully endorsed the victim driven
system that if you complain the most and
you make the best case that you get more
resources now if you were to design a
system that was based on that principle
it would surely fail so we have a system
that can't work and we have a news biz
this they can't tell you we can't work
and then you have people like me who I'd
love to help I mean I really would I'd
really like to be helpful but I'm forced
to lie to black people because black
people require it I mean it's basically
you know it's almost demanded white
people require it the news requires it
my career requires it we just all have
to lie so anybody who wants the truth
you're gonna have to do something
different to get it because what you're
doing now is I'm gonna give you any
truth so as long as victimhood is the
dominant preference there's not much we
can do here and so I ask you this
suppose you've got your average young
black man and your average white black
man I'm sorry the average young white
man so the just consider young black man
young white man and you tell the you
tell the young black man that the deck
is stacked against them and the system
is racist and he's going to have all
these problems now forget about for a
moment whether that's true or untrue
because it's not going to matter to my
point my point is that people have sort
of an operating system about how to
succeed if you if you give somebody an
operating system that says the system is
stacked against you specifically how are
they going to perform poorly poorly and
we know that because you know there have
been experiments in which the
schoolchildren are told they're gifted
or not and if they're told they're
gifted they perform better when people
are told that they can succeed they
perform better when people are told no
there's a problem that's a big problem
that's beyond what you can handle in
other words you can't personally fix
racism it's something bigger than you
you're just a victim of it so you know
good luck you're not going to succeed as
well as other people I would say it's
immoral to give anybody that message
because it would so handy
their abilities to succeed that I mean
it just feels like evil I don't know how
I don't know how else to say it it's not
just bad advice it's so bad it's evil
even if it's true alright so if you're
if you're hung up on the Scot it's true
there there is racism it it is a problem
it will be an obstacle I say to you
you're off my point whether it's true or
not and obviously it's true but that's
irrelevant to what strategy that you use
if your strategy is to act like it's not
a problem you'll have you'll have a
better life and isn't that what
everybody wants to simply go through
life like yeah it's an obstacle but it's
like a cardboard obstacle because I have
these good strategies and you know my my
mental game is strong my physical game
is strong and my career is good my
family is good yeah there's this little
cardboard in the way about Paul push
that cardboard out of the way ah there's
more cardboard are you kidding me
there's more cardboard so you probably
never have to stop pushing the cardboard
out of the way because like I said
racism sort of built into the system you
can't get a kick a rid of it completely
no matter how hard you try but you could
certainly have a life strategy that
makes a cardboard instead of concrete I
think that is realistic so I would say
that the current messaging from all the
people who mean well is is absolutely
immoral even if true because your
strategy has to be separate from the
facts like the facts don't limit your
strategy your strategy should be
whatever works best so there you have it
and when did race become a privilege
problem and here's what I mean by that
now I don't want to diminish you know
the racial racial problems so accepting
that racial problems
have been big R big will be big you know
no diminishing of that aren't there
other problems that people have if you
have cancer is that a bigger problem or
a smaller problem than being black in
America if you know if you're four foot
nine is that a bigger problem or a
smaller problem trying to get a job
trying to have a good life than being
black in America if if you're really
ugly is that you know and I can say that
because I I I'm a part of that community
if you're fairly ugly is your life gonna
be just as good or you can have you know
the same number of obstacles as
everybody else so here's my point if you
listen or let's say you have mental
illness let's say you're addicted and
you've got a genetic propensity for it
is your life great because you're also
white in these cases how is that their
race became such a privileged the
problem that it sits over above all
problems that no seems to me lots of
people have problems yes and of course
we've we've just overshot the mark here
the the fact that we're talking about
Kamala Harris really being the only one
that Joe Biden can pick because she's
black
or person of color or whatever however
details you want to put it on that I
don't know I don't feel like that's a
better world I really don't think it is
I understand that we got here but I at
this point I think it's immoral to
continue lying to black people and and
let me be more specific about the lie
the lie looks like this the lie is that
you should take the truth and then build
your strategy or victimhood around that
and that that will get you to a good
place
this is just a lie
the truth is if you use the basic
principles of strategy that everybody
else who succeeds uses your odds of
succeeding are really high really really
high like almost guaranteed if you do
the right strategy
so denying denying people anybody the
truth that your strategy is what you
should be working on not your victimhood
is immoral it's just it's just flat-out
immoral that you know that people like
me can't just be honest and say look I
know you've got issues everybody's got
problems what's your best strategy and
then work on the thing you can change
that's it just looking at your comments
for a moment and I guess the yeah one of
the things I I've heard has systemic
racism is a read an example from was an
african-american woman on Twitter who
was saying she told this story about
when she went in to get a loan for her
first home the lender said you know
maybe he could get family members to
help you with the down payment 50
hundred thousand dollars you know get a
family member to help and as she tells
the story she doesn't have any family
members who have an extra fifty or
hundred thousand dollars so if you do
you're starting from a privileged white
privileged position to which I say
you're right it's not the white part
though yes it at the money part which
part of that was the white part because
there are poor white people who are not
getting fifty and a hundred thousand
dollars from their parents either
in fact what percentage of white people
have ever gotten fifty thousand dollars
from their parents I don't know the
answer to this but it's not a big number
right I've never gotten fifty thousand
dollars from my parents in fact I
I helped support my parents I paid them
so I don't know if you if you put a
number on it let me put a guess on this
the number of white families
percentage-wise who could help a child
get a house so we're talking you know
tens of thousands whatever number you
want to put it on what percentage of
white families could do that 20 percent
I'm gonna say I guess a maximum 20
percent is Fe all right maybe ten
percent but no more than 20 so you've
got eighty percent of the white world
who is just being thrown under the bus
because they don't have money and they
don't have any victim privilege so their
white privilege didn't didn't buy them a
 thing because their parents got
nothing and yeah they didn't even get
great advice
so they got nothing and then and they're
not even victims so they don't get that
extra victim juice you know if you're a
poor black kid all you need is an
education and you can you can walk into
any fortune 500 company and you're hired
the same day now if you don't know that
then your strategy needs work because
you can every time you could just walk
into any fortune 500 company with a
college degree probably 100 percent of
them would hire you as long as you
didn't have you know any bad I don't
know criminal record or some weird thing
so I'm seeing guesses from 5 to 20% but
certainly 80% can't do that so every
time I see one of these examples of
somebody telling me what they think is
system ik racism is I always apply it to
the same test alright a poor white kid
with no money now talk me through this
how does the poor kid with no money get
a benefit
because there are other strangers who
are also ye who have money how does that
work do I get their money because I'm
also white and has that work right so
these are the conversations that the
news business and social media and the
activists have decided that even if we
want to be helpful we have to instead
treat black people like their children
and they can't have an honest
conversation you know I guess the rules
of society are that I can't be I can't
be useful I can't be helpful can't help
anybody with a strategy because I would
just be racist so there you are all
right uh the victim juice yeah that is a
funny saying alright looking at your
comments it looks like I've said enough
for today and I will talk to you all
tomorrow