bum bum bum bum bum hey everybody come
on in here yeah it's time it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams Oh mark good see
you
JP always a pleasure and welcome to your
first day on periscope Edison well it's
good to see all of you and what a
strange day today is we'll talk about
that in a moment
but we're not going to talk about it
until the simultaneous sip that fire
here and all you need what do you need
what do you need yeah that's right you
need a cup of our glass of tanker gel is
just I'm the canteen juggler Plaskett
that's a little Betty try and fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me down for the unparalleled
pleasure that don't put me in today the
day the thing that makes everything
including the pandemic better it's
called the simultaneous sip go yeah yeah
so let's take an accounting of all the
people and entities who have lied to us
during the pandemic now wouldn't be big
news that somebody lied to the public
because that's sort of every day
somebody's lying to the public but it
feels that feels to me that lying to the
public
during the pandemic about the pandemic
something important about it
that's sort of a bad life and so far
we've seen the CDC tell us that masks
don't work an obvious lie the World
Health Organization who telling us that
masks don't work and obvious lie China
telling us that they've totally taken
care of their problem over there an
obvious lie as well as a lot of other
obvious lies the surgeon jelton general
telling us that
we should wear masks in the general
public because they don't work that's an
obvious lie then of course the fake news
in general I don't have to give you any
any examples but it's kind of remarkable
isn't it that the the entities that we
we thought we could trust I mean really
the Surgeon General even I think even
this morning he was back on Fox and
Friends just lying to the public and and
the thing is that it's one thing to lie
to the public when they don't know
you're lying or they can't prove it but
when they know you're lying
and you don't even have to prove it
because it's just obvious that material
stops air you know ever slows it down so
it's really quite remarkable that they
continue to do this right to our faces
so I don't think you could listen to any
of these organizations going forward so
I don't think you should trust the
Surgeon General the CDC or who you have
to listen to them but you're gonna have
to use your judgment it looks like
because they're apparently they're not
committed to telling the public the
truth for whatever reason or reasons you
don't need to know the reasons you just
have to know that apparently it's not
it's just not an objective to tell you
the truth so keep that in mind President
Trump said something that you wouldn't
expect to command of his mouth but again
you know it's part of the reason that
he's so appealing to the people who like
him I'm talking about Trump that he just
says stuff that you're only supposed to
think you're not supposed to say it out
loud and then he says it out loud do you
think well I didn't see that coming
I didn't think you'd say that out loud
he's doing it again but in a very
delightful way because I I like this and
so apparent I don't know where he was
maybe on the Fox and Friends or
someplace wherever he did an interview
Trump said
[Music]
we want to always make sure that we have
a great president we have somebody
that's capable this is Trump speaking he
says I personally don't think Joe Biden
is capable the president said in an
interview with Fox & Friends and then he
went on and said quote I wouldn't mind
running against Andrew talking about
Andrew Cuomo I have known Andrew for a
long time I wouldn't mind that but I'll
be honest I think he'd be a better
candidate than sleepy Joe and here's
what's funny about that that's a hundred
percent true it's a hundred percent true
the president is just saying is straight
up that he doesn't think Joe Joe Biden
is capable and that's it's just true
right I mean we're watching Joe Biden
from his basement bunker struggle
through to try to get through these
little video things without gaffing and
he can't even do that so the president's
just calling it like it is he's not
capable and the president said something
that I've been saying I've actually said
this privately to Democrats but also
publicly which is the country's a little
bit exposed here because typically we've
got you know two candidates maybe you
disagree with their policies but they
could both do the job you know they can
both do the job you just would prefer
one of them over the other but that's
not what we have now we have a dangerous
situation where people over 70 are at
risk we've got a president who's over 70
and it's not wearing a face mask every
time you see him he's around people he's
at risk you know we can't ignore the
fact that our leaders some of them might
not make it I mean maybe in other
countries more than this but this is
real risk and when I talk about the
Democrats not having a viable candidate
I'm serious about that that's nice
that's not joking around that's not
politics they need to give us a back-up
plan you know what happens if you know
worst case scenario something happens
Trump quits whatever we need a back-up
plan
and I'm talking about before the
election so that we have an actual
candidate we can elect I'm not talking
about you know Mike Pence is a good
backup I think in my opinion you know I
wouldn't choose Mike Pence for president
but is he a solid backup yeah yeah he's
a very solid backup so I'm completely
comfortable with that but are you
comfortable with Joe Biden being the
backup in case something happens between
now and Election Day how could you
possibly be comfortable with that now
would Andrew Cuomo be a better candidate
and a better president than Joe Biden
yes yes a thousand times yes in order to
know that much about Andrew Cuomo
because I would say the same thing about
almost anybody right
almost anybody you know the the birdie
folks are different because they've got
a quite different view of the world
so you could you could argue maybe
that's not better but to have the
mainstream Democrat who just can sort of
do the job you know and John Kerry just
somebody who could do the job I feel
like the Democrats are oh the Republic
that I feel like they always that they
they always a real candidate and and I
mean that they always a real candidate
this is it's no joke now I mean this
this is playing this is praying playing
at the top level at the highest stakes
and Democrats are offering this is just
no option at all really you could do
better than that so I don't think the
president really thinks that Democrats
could you know switch horses at this
late stage but I think he's being
completely obviously he actually would
rather run against somebody who's
capable I think that's actually true
even though you know Andrew Cuomo might
be able to beat him you know if we're
being honest Andrew Cuomo might be able
to beat him but I don't think he's gonna
get into race
I'm gonna mention this just because it's
funny you should put no credibility
whatsoever on the next thing I say even
less than the usual so on the internet
but not in the regular news of course
there's some photographs that appear to
show governor cuomo with his shirt being
kind of tight it appears to show that he
has nipple piercings now I'm no expert
on nipple piercings and why would I care
one way or the other well why would I
care I don't care if he has some nipple
piercings you can have anything he wants
pierced I'm completely okay with that
and it shouldn't be a story but
apparently according to the internet you
can see it through his shirt and it
makes you wonder if you know it makes
you wonder if he's even more interesting
than you thought in a good way I have
only good things to say about it and by
the way I was just watching another clip
of you know Chris Cuomo on CNN
interviewing Andrew Cuomo and I gotta
tell you I could not recommend this more
highly watching Chris Cuomo like you
know do his little routine too with his
brother you know sort of the the mocking
each other and the love/hate stuff is
really good it's just good TV and you're
also learning stuff that you want to
know I could not be more more praising
how good that is just it was just sort
of something we need like I feel like
when we're all locked down watching
these two brothers you know who love
each other mocking each other is just
really good for the the country is soul
one of I Chris Cuomo was a little little
digs at his brother Andrew and I had to
write this one down because it made me
laugh and it is just a throwaway line
there was just one of the many things
they said so Chris comment goes to his
brother he goes I know you like to run
around with your ill-fitting jacket I
know you like to run around with your
ill-fitting jacket that is such a
brother thing to say that was great
so I tweeted yesterday and I mentioned
before that it's jarring to me to watch
the professional news people broadcast
from home I think they're using Skype it
looks like they're just using the
laptops or whatever and that part's fine
everybody understands is emergency but
it's weird that they're wearing suits to
Skype from their basements or their you
know their living room in their basement
or something kind of weird to wear a
suit so I have ruled as the creator of
Dilbert I have this authority you
probably didn't know this but I can rule
on office dress and I rule that no
matter what your job is on TV if you do
it in from home over Skype the proper
the proper dress code is pajama casual
now pajama casual is what I'm wearing
right now it's sort of like the the
mullet of dress codes because from here
up oh I'm all business but from the
waist down
it's pajama time so it's like the mullet
of dress codes here's something you
didn't see coming
Trump is absolutely just killing the
ranch to transfer money to the poor now
the poor in this context is anybody got
to you know didn't have much in the way
of resources and also lost their job and
will lose their job because of the virus
situation so those people are getting
large amounts of money and the people
who probably are going to lose
everything
are the people who owned businesses so
the people who had money are going to
lose in many cases everything and end up
with that and the billionaire's even
though you're probably going to go down
by a third you know in the short term
anyway the probably go down by a third
so the people who didn't have anything
didn't have anything to lose so there's
not much room to go from not having
anything to having
it's sort of the same thing and in fact
they might get some direct transfers but
the rich are getting killed
now I'm not complaining because you know
the rich of the last ones you have to
worry about take me for example my job
is basically gone so my career will
never come back after this
I predict because most newspapers won't
be able to survive the downturn because
advertising was already so bad and their
model was so bad so a year from now I
would suspect I will not be a cartoonist
because it won't be a market for it the
way there used to be I'd still be doing
it probably online and stuff but in
terms of my my career is over
basically I mean this will be the last
few months that there's something like
it you know a comic and something like
newspapers so I don't expect newspapers
maybe 75% of them will go out of
business would be my guess yeah and
along with them 75% of my income but
I'll figure it out so I won't be in the
bread line I'm watching CNN try to find
something to say bad about Trump and so
Gloria Bohr Borgia one of their main
personalities and pundits she wrote a
opinion piece saying that Trump doesn't
have the same amount of empathy as
Andrew Cuomo well that's it that's it
the the best thing or the worst thing
that Gloria Borgia could come up with
about Trump and this handling of the
crisis is that oh yeah he does have
empathy she didn't say he has no empathy
and she actually gave examples about how
he talked about the hospital Elmhurst I
think in his old neighborhood talked
empathetically about somebody new
personally who was now on a ventilator
and in a coma so she did say he has
empathy and that he is actually
displaying it and she didn't really
complain about his job
you know doing the job of the crisis
management but her complaint was that
compared to Andrew Cuomo he seems to not
have as much empathy that's it really
that's it I mean should be noted that
one of the things that Andrew Cuomo does
better than just about anybody in
politics is show empathy he is sort of
the you know if you were gonna have a
contest and you know put all the all the
politicians in one place and say alright
show us some sincere empathy and it was
like a contest where you could pick a
winner it might be Andrew Cuomo he does
seem to have exactly the right fit of
charisma and personality and empathy
just just the way he presents himself he
feels he looks like he's you know heart
and soul completely engaged in
empathetic so and the president is not
famous for empathy being his you know
primary characteristic but he's
certainly doing it he's certainly
performing you know you know I'll agree
with you that compared to the best
political empathizer of all time you
know Andrew Cuomo's were really good at
this stuff he's not that good but does
that matter
I mean it's like the least important
criticism I've ever seen all right but
who else was criticizing them so Krystle
is a again
CNN critic of the president he can't
find anything to criticize so he falls
back on hallucinating that he can read
the president's mind and all that
although the actions seem to be okay
there's something he can see
penetrating the skull and peering inside
the chrysalis I can see the president's
mind oh do you think I'm making this up
does that sound that sound too
hyperbolic am I am I making too much of
what crystal is I said well let's read
his exact words
these are his exact words crystal is a--
in Trump's mind
that's the first part of the sentence
he's actually telling us what's in
Trump's mind in a direct sentence in
Trump's mind the reason that people are
watching the briefings is because of him
what really can we see inside his mind
and and when we peer inside this mind of
a stranger with our ESB we can tell that
the only reason he thinks people are
watching the briefings is because of his
good performance do you think the
president is unaware of what yeah well
most here's what chrysalis Llosa thinks
the president doesn't understand how do
I know that the less Alyssa thinks the
president doesn't understand this well
it's the sentence he wrote which says
quote he doesn't understand that because
for him it's always always always about
him seriously is he just imagining that
the president can't handle two variables
at the same time because I also can't
read the president's mind but if I were
gonna make let's say a reasonable
assumption
wouldn't you say he can handle more than
one variable at the same time don't you
think the president has some notion that
people are watching the briefings to get
information as well not just for his
performance you don't think the
president's caught on that there's some
transfer of information that people
would find valuable and useful and would
tune in for it you don't think the
president's caught on to that at all
Chris ELISA he's just blind to that he
just thinks they're watching because his
performance is good and your and and you
you were so confident in this opinion
you would write it directly and publish
it I mean what do you even say about
that but anyway that's the worst
complaint that they have about him is
things they hallucinate and he's not as
empathetic as the most empathetic
politician we've ever seen in public
okay all right okay I all accept those
criticisms my gasps here's a question
what I would like to know yeah so this
is data that we are not being told em
should how many doctors who have been
taking the hydroxychloroquine and these
are through Meissen how many doctors who
were taking that preventatively
prophylactically ahead of being affected
how many of them later got infected
wouldn't you like to know that because
it seems to me and maybe they just don't
want to admit it yet there must be a lot
of doctors who are taking it just
because they're working in the front
lines and of course they're being
exposed to it of course how many of them
went on to get the virus and then of the
ones who got it how many you're advanced
to some kind of a ventilator or serious
stage because I feel like the answer is
going to be none
now maybe we don't have enough numbers
to know if it's you know enough I don't
know how many doctors have been on the
frontlines where they're definitely
getting exposed at least a little bit
and also took it prophylactically long
enough that they know they weren't
exposed before I suppose so maybe we
don't have enough numbers but I think we
do well that we do so why don't we hear
that let's see and this is a from
Meridian health facility so a doctor was
I think I'm Fox News or someplace he was
talking about it might have been CNN he
said they're more than 300 in the ICU
and more than 300 on ventilators and
then he said this he said we're probably
using the hydroxychloroquine recipe in
some way or shape or form in about
three-quarters of our patients right now
to which I said three quarters
why would you not use it on all of them
it could be because the other quarter
are testing other drugs or maybe they're
too far to go on and they think that
hydroxychloroquine only works if you
don't have you know strong symptoms yet
I don't know but it's a question what
will happen to the other quarter is it
because they don't have enough I'd like
to know more about that so the public
has responded quite remarkably to all
those shortages and needs and stuff and
especially the 3d the 3d printer
community came up with faced bet the
face mask designs then I think it
creates sort of the plasticky parts that
you can put the mask in somehow so
somehow they figured it out but I
thought I wonder if that's the future
could it be that instead of having all
of the components we need for an
emergency like this just sort of sitting
in a warehouse I'm sure we'll have lots
more m95 maths and warehouses from this
day on but in addition to that wouldn't
you like that all the 3d makers have
plans just in case and so you know the
first side of the trouble could the 3d
makers just start you know pumping out
stuff that they need for this emergency
maybe we'll be ready for that the next
time here's an idea
restaurants of course are just getting
devastated and I'm wondering what kind
of things can be done to help them get
by now of course you'd buy a gift gift
certificate you could you could use you
know delivery you could do pickup and
stuff so those things are all great if
you have a way to keep your local
restaurants in business but there are
also tons of restrictions that the local
community puts on restaurants the state
the county in the city and one of the
restrictions is outdoor dining so there
they're always tons of outdoor dining
restrictions and you know don't be on
the sidewalk and you don't have a permit
for that and
you got to have this and that and you
got to make sure your dog can't be look
next to a table and and all that now I'm
wondering if we could just do away with
all of that for you know a year or
whatever because the warm weather is
coming and it seems to me the
restaurants should be able to spread
their tables down into the street or the
sidewalk or just maybe the parking lot
maybe the parking lot maybe maybe every
restaurant is a is a drive up from now
on you can eat in your car but they'll
take it out to you into your car you
know you just park in the parking lot
like yeah like a driving so it's a
general question but I'm wondering how
many restaurants would have the the
space outside them where they could at
least temporarily say will serve you
outdoors or in your car or we drive
through there's that there's a business
in town called the creamery it's been
here for decades before I was here so I
don't know it might be 50 years old but
it's a local institution and what it is
is a drive up soft ice cream place and
all summer and even much of the winter
there's a lion on the streets and you
get your car and you just get in line
and they'll take your order while you're
in your car so that by the time you get
up to the front in your car they they
have it ready for you and they're
handing it to you and you drive away and
it is insanely popular even though it's
a little bit inconvenient but you never
get out of your car and I've often
thought that the part of the magic is
that the kids are bugging the parents
hey go to the creamery you know and the
parents are thinking you know if I had
to park and I had to get out of my car
I'd probably just say no you've had
enough ice cream but because I can just
sort of drive up and I'm already in the
car or the kids are in the car or and
it's it's only across the street it's
hard to say though because all you have
to do is drive over there and suddenly
you've got ice cream so I think we
should think expensively and think about
dropping a lot of regulations
including you know bring your bicycle
bring your dog you know side even your
car just all of that just just make it
all possible and let people see what
they can do so Senator Bill Cassidy is
pitching the idea of an online registry
for recovered coronavirus patients so
that you know they're not you'd have a
way of knowing who could go back to work
who is relatively safe we're still
thinking that having it gives you some
degree of immunity but I think there's a
little bit of a question mark in there
Ford and GM I guess are teaming up to
build ventilators that's good news it's
good to see our big businesses stepping
up you know the president hasn't had to
use the War Powers Act too much because
the businesses are stepping up and I'm
thinking you know a lot of what we think
about these big companies will be
determined by how they respond you know
how did they treat their employees did
they step up to try to make ventilators
that sort of thing so I think it's just
smart afford to really be on board and
all these other companies you know they
shouldn't have to be asked of course
Michael and Dell is getting some heat
because he was at the Rose Garden and
then the president let him speak and he
said good things about the president and
some things about God so people want to
use that as an excuse to complain about
Michael and Dell and this is what Sean
Davis over at the Federalist he tweeted
this it was while you are watching
Netflix talking about Lyndell here he
said he retooled his entire company to
make tens of thousands of masks every
day to protect people from getting the
Wuhan Karenga virus
has there ever been somebody who was
more typically American than Mike
Lyndell he's the most American guy
because first of all I think he's
admitted yet
cocaine problems or whatever so he was
younger he had drug problems so that's
the first part this very American you
know he started started from some
disadvantage formed an American company
makes an American product and then as
soon as there's a big problem in the
country what is Michael and L do well
he's an American what's an American do
if he has an American manufacturing
plant that can do stuff with you know
cotton he makes products with cotton he
just he just turned over his entire
company in like a week and turned it
into a mask making company because he's
a patriot great American great great
American so here's a weird thing that's
happening today doesn't it feel like
it's a little too quiet
don't you think doesn't it feel a little
too quiet today
you know I tweeted that and some people
were agreeing because they're feeling it
because the news has been coming at us
like a just a firehose lately and I look
at the news today and it's a Tuesday
it's a sort of a big news day a lot of
news happens on Tuesdays and there's not
much you know it's just sort of
continuation mood news and thing people
are talking about stuff we've been
talking about now I actually any news
now it could be just a coincidence every
now and then you get slow news day so
that would be that the most likely
explanation is there just slow news day
relatively speaking but it doesn't feel
like it does it did any of you feel it I
feel like there's something happening
and it's too quiet so well I'll just put
that out there because I like to you
know put my predictions out there right
or wrong right or wrong and I'm not sure
we'll ever know if this is right or
wrong because if we just go back to a
big news day by this afternoon well
that's not that I knew
but look for something that's bigger
than normal it just might be something
bigger than normal comment I don't know
what it is
I see people talking about civil wars
and looting and and all of that let me
say this while we were all distracted by
the corona virus we're all distracted by
the economy in stay at home we're very
distracted and in all the right reasons
because we should be focusing on that
but here's what we didn't notice while
we're focusing on though the bad news
the country and I can only speak for
America because I don't have a sense of
what's happening in other countries I
wouldn't be surprised if it's if it's
not the same there but in this country
just just think about this following the
fact and just enjoy her for a moment
here's the fact in my lifetime the
country has never been this unified you
know you could argue that 9/11 was
unifying but not like this in 9/11 most
of us didn't have anything we can do
about it
you're right there wasn't anything I
could do about 9/11 you know some people
signed up for the military and they
found something to do but most of us
didn't it wasn't much I can do about it
but with this virus situation everybody
can do something every single person
needs to do something you not only can
you do something but you're being called
on you're being called on to do
something and I would argue that America
has never been closer as a people never
been stronger in terms of the idea of
America than we are right now right
right exactly now
I mean exactly now like as I'm talking
this country has never been more United
we all have exactly the same mission
which is to get out of this alive and
with our economy as as good as we can
make it
we've never been this unified yeah that
the polls are showing some more support
for the president I think that probably
will you know continue unless something
new happens and it probably matters that
Joe Biden who should be the big voice of
let's say the voice of dissent is
basically irrelevant so the biggest
voice that you'd expect to be making
news and making noise just sort it
doesn't exist now one of our Bernie
Sanders Bernie Sanders you would expect
would continue being Bernie Sanders and
maybe criticizing the president and
doing all that have you seen that today
have you seen that yesterday did you see
Bernie Sanders attacking the government
of the United States during a pandemic
well we all criticize right I criticized
today lying about the mass and stuff
like that but Bernie Sanders apparently
is a patriot I hate to tell you because
Bernie Sanders is not making it worse
and he's probably working very hard to
make it better
so Bernie Sanders I would like to read
up my my respect for you for having the
right intentions I still don't like the
the policies per se but Bernie I think
you're you're being a positive force
right now and I appreciate it
so that you know you'll well we'll
always have Jim Acosta but I think you
would agree he's he's part of the he's
part of the entertainment at this point
you can't take him too seriously are you
somebody says are you watching the news
I don't know if that means are you
watching the news right now as in
something might be happening because I'm
not Oh somebody says described United
yeah here's what I mean your your your
neighbor can't get out to shop for
groceries that would be my situation
right so I'm socially
distancing and I prefer not going to the
store because it'd be a little dangerous
I asked somebody to help me you know a
person in the neighborhood a young
person to help me get some groceries and
of course she said yes so did either of
us ask for our political affiliations
did I need to know the political
affiliation of my neighbor I asked for
help no did she need to know my
political leanings in order to give me
help no no it's not a question when you
see the political squabbling in the news
they used to be fun
even a few months ago any political
squabbling I'd say oh this is fun we got
something to eat about now we've got a
little red meat in there or I like this
I like this trouble it was sort of fun
trouble but now when you read some
politician as just being a politician it
just looks sort of gross doesn't it
because we're in the middle of this
together
it just looks slimy looks disgusting and
you see more and more people who are
willing to acknowledge that this isn't a
political moment you know the you know
the Jim Acosta is going to be the
outlier but I think for most of us most
of us are Mark Cuban right now you know
what did what are Mark Cuban's political
feelings about anything well not exactly
maybe what the president agrees with but
is Mark Cuban being political or is he
just helping his employees you know
being a leader in a time of when we need
lots of leaders he's doing that and it's
not political he is just trying to help
his country you know what am i doing
trying to help the country what are you
doing trying to help the country so the
point being that our I think even our
our racial divisions are class division
are looking better than ever now there's
there's sort of a Robin Hood thing
happening because as I said you you're
watching the rich very willingly give up
their money or you know portion of it
they're still going to be rich but
you're watching the rich completely
committed to what do you need and that's
what I say to me it looks like the rich
have universally said just tell me what
you need
nobody's saying no have you seen any
rich people be asked for something and
then they say no I mean maybe it's
happening but you know I'm not hearing
age stories about that I'm hearing yes
company will you do this yes person a
will you do this yes now this is also
true of everybody who's not rich you
know you non rich person will you do
this yes yes I will
there's more yes happening in this
country right now like literally as I'm
talking there more more people say yes
and more people saying how can I help
you and fewer people saying you know
what do you believe about politics then
ever in my lifetime so just sort of
enjoy it you know there's gonna be way
more bad than good during this this next
few weeks way more bad than good but
that doesn't mean you can't appreciate
you know the little little spots of life
that are actually kind of special that
are beautiful in their own way and
somebody says oMG Scott you're in a
fantasy things are falling apart where I
live well I don't know where you live
but I doubt that you're gonna see
looting you know you're not going to see
society falling apart I believe that we
are stronger than we've ever been
mentally spiritually and scientifically
and we're probably the strongest we've
ever been the economy is going to take a
serious pounding though
I will I know I'm gonna but my life will
be very different after this apparently
so
and most of yours will as well but we're
going to be better off in the long run
why the terms social distancing rather
than physical distancing well it's a
good question
social does sound friendlier tds boomers
attacked my wife well i don't know what
that's all about
I keep seeing people saying Trump called
Cove it a hoax I think we're past that
our all teachers being paid I don't know
good question my guess is yes all right
China has blue sky yeah that's weird
somebody says they don't trust a chi
things are really falling apart that
seemed that way yeah I don't believe
anything's falling apart alright so I've
looked at your somebody says looting in
three weeks limit let me give you the
anti looting argument looting happens
because there are more people than there
are law enforcement
I mean roughly speaking you know if you
got a big crowd out there you don't have
many cops you might get some looting
what's weird about this situation is
that the citizens have largely not
largely but to a great extent citizens
realized their government isn't going to
do everything for them this time because
they can't you just can't so what would
happen if looters appeared in your city
and police were let's say police were
not taking care of it you know what
would happen right
the citizens armed to the teeth would
walk out onto the streets they would
shoot a couple of looters and that would
be the end of the looters
if looting were to happen citizens would
shoot them shoot them dead not the place
citizens would come out with their own
guns and they would say looting no not
on my watch the looting will be done in
ten minutes they will shoot somebody the
citizens of your world will shoot
somebody dead and then they'll say who
else wants the loot and then somebody
will do it and they'll shoot him dead
after about the second or third person
they'd shoot dead I'm talking citizens
I'm not talking about the law
enforcement your lootings gonna go down
quite a bit
so you know you can't say that there
won't be problems in some corner of the
country it's a big place so everything's
different you might get some problems
but with our citizens so well armed and
in the mood being we can't wait for the
government to do everything you're
probably safer from looting than any
time in your life because no lunar is
going to be alive for 24 hours
you know the it'll at the first sign of
noise armed the citizens are going to
walk out in the streets with their guns
and if you happen to be breaking a store
window in the period of an emergency in
front of a guy with a gun probably get
killed and by the way if you're on the
jury and and you're you have to settle
the case of the guy who was looting
during the during the pandemic all right
so during the pandemic is the key phrase
here so you know a guy if you saw a
citizen shot somebody who was looting
who didn't really need to write you know
he didn't need to shoot him they were
just walking out with some shoes or
something and did put me on the jury put
me on that jury
I'm not convicting that guy so any
citizen who shoots a looter
you know it's against the law I don't
recommend it but it's gonna happen and
if you put me on the jury there's just
no way I'm going to convict that guy
because in the context of an emergency
kind of needed to shoot that lunar sorry
it's an adult decision sorry it's just
the way it's got to go so no I don't
think there's any chance of looting
widespread because citizens would just
take care of that right away I guarantee
it somebody says you can't shoot
somebody for looting let me say this as
clearly as possible it's not legal to
shoot somebody just for looting it will
happen anyway and should I'd be in favor
of it honestly I'm not I'm not saying
you should do it that's not a
recommendation I'm saying it will happen
whether you like it or not and it will
be for the best because if it's gonna
slow down the looting quite a bit trust
me all right that's all I got for now I
will talk to you later tonight you know
and 7:00 p.m. my time 10:00 p.m. Eastern
talk to you later