I'm a pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom hello Boston and sparkles
and Johanna and everybody come on in
here if you're prepared and I think you
probably are you might already have your
beverage and if you have a beverage like
I have a beverage oh you know what comes
next and it's good oh it's really good
Bitcoin 7,000 well I hope not but maybe
and now the simultaneous it so you know
how I like to talk about the news that's
not in the news about the the negative
space so sometimes you have to look at
the news and then sometimes you have to
look at what is suspiciously not in the
news and see if it means I think and
does it mean anything that Iran is not
in the news now there was that you
remember they made some threatening
noise about the Straits of Hormuz and
some you know retired military people
said well that would take about five
minutes to clear out their entire Navy
but is it is it my imagination or did
that which should have been an enormous
story dominating all the headlines just
sort of nobody cared
isn't it conspicuous and not being news
I'm blocking whoever Christi is might
take a minute
seems unblockable so it seems to me that
we may have a strategy for Iran that
looks like this and I'll articulate it
to the way
I'm not sure I can say articulate
anymore
but we'll talk about it in a way that
makes it look like a strategy because if
I were in charge this is what my
strategy would be my strategy would look
like this
hey Iran or North Korea or any of the
countries that we have trouble with we
don't hate you in fact we'd like to help
you out but we can't be a trading
partner and we can't let you be part of
the international commerce if you're you
know criminals essentially if you're
aiding terrorists and that sort of thing
so it's nothing personal and you can do
whatever you want to do with that we're
just not going to allow international
trade to happen with you and just D
personalize it so that's nothing about
anything except you're not you're not
above the bar that's the minimum bar to
be part of the International Finance and
and trade relationship it looks like
that's what we're doing it looks like
we're just strangling their economy in
no particular hurry doesn't matter if
you know takes a year or five years
doesn't much matter so it seems to be
that Iran is going to start making noise
about hey let's talk so I would expect
to see that pretty soon so expect to see
Iran make some kind of noise about hey
maybe we can get past this maybe there's
something we can do here that doesn't
mean that it would be easy to negotiate
anything we could live with but I'm
expecting them to at least make noises
about being reasonable in part because
we're not making very loud noises about
that it gives them some space you know
just a little bit of space to say hey
why don't we talk
now on a periscope either yesterday or
the day before I can't remember I talked
about a news story that turns out to be
faint news at least that's my current
thinking and that was that China hacked
Hillary's email now you might know that
CNN is reporting that they looked for a
confirmation from the FBI and the FBI
said nope we do not confirm that and so
CNN is reporting it didn't happen now
that still leaves I suppose some wiggle
room that the FBI could be lying or if
they don't know what somebody else knows
or something like that but yeah the the
whole courtesy copy of her emails to
China is apparently fake apparently fake
now that doesn't mean that the debunking
of the story is right either we live in
a world where you could never tell but
personally I get it I'm gonna treat it
as fake news and offer my periscope a
retraction of anything I said about
Chinese hacking of her over email now
let's talk about DeSantis and what
everybody's talking about in the
headlines
so publications like the hill and CNN
are painting him as a terrible racist
and their evidence goes as follows that
he's running against an african-american
man from in Florida and named Gilliam
and that he has said two unfortunate
things one he said he doesn't want the
voters to monkey up the good results
that they're getting with policies etc
under the Trump administration and
people say wait monkey up isn't even the
term and you would never say monkey if
it weren't a black guy so it must be
obviously racist now on top of that
apparently
and see then came up with this I don't
know if they were the first to come up
with the video but there's a video of De
Santis also in public referring to his
opposition Gilliam as articulate now
most of you know that articulate is one
of those words that racist used to use
to act surprised that there was a black
person who could sound smart so
generally speaking when you see some
famous white person call any black
person and articulate your flag goes off
and says boop boop boop that's a little
racist so we have two bits of evidence
that disentis is racist those two things
now let me say as clearly as possible he
is a dumbass the we can be sure about
that at least right so it's pretty dumb
to use that word articulate at the at
the least so that's the minimum that he
is he's pretty dumb to use that word
he's pretty dumb to make monkey
references in this day and age in that
context now is it racist well I'll talk
about that next but at a minimum it was
dumb now why do I say it's done if
you're arguing with me it means you're
not watching the news you walked right
into a trap now if you walk into a trap
that's an obvious trap you can still
blame the person who laid the trap sure
you know nothing would have happened
without the trap but if you see the trap
and you walk right into it you're a
dumbass okay so I'm sorry the minimum
that disentis has to explain is why he's
a dumbass
that's his minimum level of explaining
and that's not based on mind-reading
that's pace than the fact that he did
things which I would have considered
obvious mistakes there are things I
wouldn't have done
had I been in my right mind and in that
situation so let's not defend everything
he's done at the very least that's he
was a dumbass twice but let's talk about
the the theory that those are signs that
he is a racist suppose De Santis had
said instead of articulate suppose he
had said my candidate is very persuasive
in talking about his socialist policies
would you have considered that racist to
say that he is very persuasive well you
might not know unless you look it up
that persuasive is it's a synonym for
articulate it's one of the words that is
a replacement for so it's not the
concept that's the problem
because he could have easily said you
know my opponent he's a smart guy he's
very persuasive he does a good job
representing his side but you know I
have other opinions below that would not
have sounded racist but the actual
choice of that specific word is given as
a signal that he is this is the
important part his critics are saying
that he intentionally used that word as
a dog dog whistle racist secret dog
whistle and that he also said monkey as
sort of a secret dog whistle now let's
let's work through the thinking of his
critics according to his critics he was
intentionally using those words to let
people who were voters know of the
following things and correct me if I'm
wrong about this so the critics theory
of DeSantis is that he was thinking
privately they they're reading his mind
and they're saying you know well
obviously this is what he was thinking
so his critics think he was obvious
thinking they're sounding like an
obvious big ol racist would help him get
more votes just let that marinate for a
moment to Santa says critics believe
that in his private thoughts he was
thinking you know I'm not sure people
can tell my critic is black I'd better
send some secret dog whistles and if I
do I'll send the kind of secret dog
whistles that are the obvious kinds not
the really super secret ones I'll send
the ones that are so obvious that it
will be a headline news and I'll be
called a racist from now until the rest
of my life but yeah that could work I
think I'm gonna give some extra votes by
outing myself as a giant racist while
I'm running for governor and have major
visibility and a connection to President
Trump I don't see the downside in this
okay I'm gonna go with the plan and then
he executed his plan to get more votes
by framing himself as a huge racist and
way for it here's the best part he's
framed himself as an inarticulate racist
to get more votes that's what his
critics think he did now as I said no
matter what he was thinking internally
we can conclude he was certainly a
dumbass but was he that dumb I mean
there's dumb and there's dumber than a
stone all right it's dumb to use those
words because I think anybody his age
his level of experience should have
known to avoid those phrases and words
even though they're common words and
phrases should have been smart enough to
avoid them he wasn't but was he that
dumb that he thought his voters couldn't
tell you is running against the black
guy and then he needed to slip in some
clue
because I'm pretty sure they saw
pictures of his opponent and however
dumb you think his voters are I'm almost
positive they noticed that he was a
white guy running against the black guy
did he need to tell them but wait the
critics are saying more than that
they're not saying no no he's not just
telling us his opponent is black it's
more than that he's also telling us his
opponent is smart because that's what
articulate means articulate means you're
really good with words you're persuasive
you're smart you can't really be
articulate without also being smart
right those are those are joined so by
talking about his opponent as being
smart an african-american in the country
that just had eight years of an
african-american president and kind of
like them you know it's sort of a good
place to be right now if you're running
for office frankly so he thought that
calling him Spade so the critics believe
that De Santis thought that making
himself look like in inarticulate idiot
would somehow get him more votes because
his voters are even dumber than he is or
something like that so I can defend I
know somebody by tomorrow there'll be a
headline in the hill saying cartoonist
defends racist I'm not doing that what
I'm saying is I don't know what he's
thinking but it's obvious that he chose
two words that are clearly a mistake
based on the you know based on the fact
that there was a bad result and based on
the fact that you and I probably would
have seen it coming and would have
avoided it
I mean I I certainly would have now now
will hear somebody says he's gonna win
no matter what who's actually had in the
polling I don't actually know that oh
let me let me update one more thing
I completely agree that there was a time
in history that if a white person said a
black person was articulate it was
nothing but racist certainly there was a
time in history that was completely true
but what are you running against the
candidate who absolutely belongs where
he is which is running for governor he
earned it he earned it in every way you
can earn that sort of thing and in that
situation running for a governor of a
major state against someone who you know
I believe a Gilliam has a hell of a
resume right
doesn't he have military he's got he's
got like this great resume he's been a
mayor when you call somebody who has
reached that level of success or take a
litte I don't know if it means the same
thing you know at what point do you just
modernize your thinking to the point
where it's just another way to call
somebody a good representative of their
team you know their team's policies that
you don't agree with because articulate
is one of those one of the few words and
again let me just say as clearly as
possible he was a dumbass for use in
that word there's no way that there's no
way to defend it right but I'm just
walking through the fact that society
has is evolving and sometimes you have
to stop and say okay our thing is the
same as they were or do we need to
update our thinking and what I'm
suggesting is that when you're coming
off of eight years of a black president
you've got a guy with all kinds of
qualifications running for governor who
has a good chance of winning I suppose I
don't know what the polls say but if you
call that guy articulate it might just
mean that you don't want to give him a
real compliment but you need to say
something that sounds polite something
that's obviously true which is he's a
good representative of the policies and
it might be just that now to go past
that and to imagine I'm going to get
into the good part now somebody says
boring topic no just wait for the good
part it's coming up
here's the good part suppose it's true
that on some automatic subconscious
level that the reason that the Santa's
chose either of those words either
monkey it up or articulate suppose you
said to yourself the reason he chose
those words is that he was sort of
subconsciously influenced by the fact
that he you know maybe lives in our
racist part of the country and he's
running against an african-american man
so suppose you suppose it was
unconscious if it if it wasn't conscious
is he still a racist can you be an
unconscious racist here's my answer to
that can you be an unconscious racist
the answer is yes because a hundred
percent of people are a hundred percent
of people of every color every type are
reflexively racist meaning unconscious
not thinking about it it's just a reflex
to be good people in the year 2018 is
not to abandon the fact that your brain
is a bad pattern recognition machine
which is what it is
your brain looks for patterns and then
it acts on those patterns but it's not
very good at it I'm writing a book about
this by the way we're not really good at
recognizing patterns accurately we just
see them and we say ah
every time I see somebody with a hat
they they give me a dirty look people
with hats hate me I hate people with
hats all right that's not a real pattern
it's just something that you thought you
noticed so it is impossible on the
reflexive level where everybody's brain
is just a pattern recognition machine
where we all evolved with the natural
instinct to prefer the people who look
the most like us if you've got a twin
you like that twin bed
than anybody else if you've got a family
you probably like them better than
anybody else and they probably look a
little bit like you you even married
people who sort of look like you so the
most normal thing for a human being is
to prefer people who look a little bit
more like themselves than then different
so is DeSantis a reflexive sort of
automatic you know racist on an
unconscious level yes of course just
like every one of you just like gilliam
is just like every single person they
all have that normal now the the test is
whether you can think past it can you
use your higher levels of thinking what
what little do we have to be a better
person than to be a person who judges
based on patterns what are the people
who are who are saying that DeSantis is
a horrible racist doing their judging on
a pattern so they're seeing a pattern if
somebody just sided the comments arguing
against my point that we we tend to like
people who look like us someone just
mentioned that my girlfriend Christina
looks nothing like my quote rat-ass okay
that's true it's a general statement but
here's the thing
the thing that makes people good people
or bad people is not whether they were
born with bad pattern recognition
because that would just be all of us the
the higher level thinking the better
person the more moral or ethical
behavior is can you notice when you're
doing it and then avoidant now DeSantis
there's no evidence that he's an actual
racist
there is evidence there's a dumbass who
use words that make him look like one
there's definitely evidence that there
may also be evidence that he was
subconsciously influenced because he's
running against a
in an african-american man and somehow
these words just sort of are more likely
to come to your mind because you have
you have a mind that just works that way
let me let me give you my example and
I've talked about this before and I
think it's relevant I've noticed over my
adult life that whenever I'm talking to
someone who is black the odds of me
having to use the word black as a color
for something in the environment or
something that happens naturally in the
conversation approach is a hundred
percent and I can't figure out why that
is other than I'm unconsciously
influenced by the fact that I'm talking
to somebody was black and I can't tell
you how many times I've caught myself
and tried to work around the word you
know yeah if you're playing checkers you
know do you want order chess Allah say
do you want the white pieces of the
black pieces it feels like you know
they're there a million reasons that you
would say the word black just talking
about the environment and I can't tell
you how many times I'm in that
conversation and I think to myself okay
and the word that's gonna come out of my
mouth now is black and I'm just talking
about you know the color of my phone
case but why am i and I actually catch
myself and I say am i what I have said
this except that I'm talking to somebody
black what I've even thought of even
this conversation or this line of
reasoning and the answer is maybe not
maybe not we might actually be
influenced by our environment what we're
looking at what we're thinking of
thinking about the context all that that
stuff all seeps into your choice of
words and it's sort of automatic so
here's the bottom line in this if we are
mind-reading based on people's choice of
words that are otherwise words that have
you know normal meanings such as the
monkey for reference of the articulate
reference if we think that those are
good enough for us to judge the inner
thoughts the morality the ethical be
you're the higher moral reason of this
senator we're just being idiots we could
certainly say because it's the way
normal Minds work that there's a good
chance that the reason he chose those
words is because he was running against
the black candidate and and the
vocabulary seeps into your thinking
which is not an indication of how he
would act it's not an indication of what
he thinks is how he should be it's not
an indication of his own self-image it's
not an indication that he's going to
teach his kids to be racist it's not an
indication that he's sending any secret
back whistles to the racist it's not an
indication of any bet it's an indication
that when you enter a topic and that's
your context you you tend to introduce
words that are sort of about that topic
and you do it automatically he's still a
dumbass for using those words no
defending how smart it was okay but to
go the extra level and say therefore in
his inner thoughts which we cannot see
we judge him to be a racist I ask you
would you want to be judged by that same
standard not about racism necessarily
but should you be punished because other
people believe you have inner thoughts
that are bad is that the world you want
to live in I certainly would like to
live in the world where if people do bad
things they they might have consequences
but if you want to live in the world
where thinking bad things in someone
else's opinion someone else's opinion of
your personal inner thoughts that you
have not expressed if you want to be
judged by that standard
I suggest we've got big problems I'll
just get rid of the insult er
alright so did anything I say there
sound reasonable oh let's talk about
sloppy Carl Bernstein Bernstein there
are too many people in the news with
Steen or Stein in their last name
because I have a terrible time
remembering which it is is that
Feinstein's a Feinstein's at Bernstein
is a Bernstein and I think it's Steen in
both cases
so let's and by the way if you were just
watching this out of context you would
say my god that guy must be anti-semitic
or something because he's making fun of
people with Jewish last names so if you
saw anything out of context you would
make assumptions about me but I think
most of you know that I've mispronounced
just about everybody's last name on this
periscope at one point or another so
let's look at the president's tweets I
want to see the Bernstein tweet there
was a lot of tweeting going on here he's
been busy bear with me it looks like he
gave Jeff Zuckerberg a nickname little
Jeff Z so here's a tweet from three
hours ago from the president the hatred
and extreme bias of me by a CNN has
clouded their thinking and made them
unable to function but actually as I
have always said this has been going on
for a long time little Jeff a-z meeting
Jeff Zucker burger Zach Zuckerberg has
done a terrible job his ratings suck an
AT&T should fire him to save credibility
AT&T should fire him what the hell
there's oh there's a story from eleven
hours ago about Kanye West's Trump wants
to be the greatest black president for
black Americans s in Breitbart I could
read that all right come on where's you
have so many tweets and that almost all
of his tweets were about CNN for a while
there all right here it is CNN is being
torn apart from within based on their
being caught in a major lie and refusing
to admit the mistake
sloppy Carl Bernstein a man who lives in
the past and then thinks like you
degenerate a fool making up story after
story is being laughed at all over the
country
well that's literally true fake news so
he's calling Carl Bernstein sloppy Carl
Bernstein who lives in the past and
thinks like you degenerate fool
that's probably now uh-huh I thought no
my first impression was hey he's reusing
uh he's reusing his insults because I
thought Michael Mauro was sloppy and I
thought Steve Benin was sloppy but now
Carl Bernstein is sloppy so not only did
Carl get insulted but he got a third
hand insult yeah you could see him you
could imagine at this imagination of the
president of getting tweeting and
thinking I got to give this guy a
nickname all right how that how my
crummy Carl nah that's no good he's not
worth a fresh nickname I'm gonna give
him a stale nickname I'm gonna give him
a nickname that used to belong to
Michael Moore and Steve ban and live
with that
sloppy Carl Bernstein so
all right what's the what else is going
on
so North Korea is getting interesting so
the path for North Korea probably looks
like this because North Korea and the
United States are not as belligerent as
before meaning that the president and
kim jungeun at least seem to have some
kind of a chemistry we are able to
withstand the little bumps of the
negotiations Aledo will withdraw from
this or you're not being serious because
the relationship looks credible so right
now China is allegedly being soft on
North Korea because it puts pressure on
the United States and maybe that has to
do with our trade negotiations so Trump
is sort of taking North Korea off the
table by saying that he has no reason to
spend a bunch of money on a war games he
it looks like he's going to negotiate a
trade deal with China first take that
off the table and then get back to North
Korea but before he can get China to the
table he probably has to get candidate
candidate to the table it looks like or
at least the reporting from the Trump
administration is that things might be
closed it might be closed with Canada so
if we get Mexico and Canada on board for
trade that maybe get something going in
Europe and then China will have more of
a more of a difficulty explaining why
they're the odd country out why is it
China its own citizens will ask it hey
why is it nobody that why is it that
only China can't reach an agreement is
it because we're asking for too much or
is it because we're being unreasonable
and it's hurting us so I think you're
seeing the squeeze play from both sides
so
seeing President Trump and President Xi
in China two very capable negotiators
who are using every tool at their
disposal to get an advantage and it's
kind of interesting it's kind of
interesting
all right excuse me because of neo
imperialism you know when I see words
like that neo imperialism there are some
words that just signaled to me that
somebody is not a clear thinker because
the labeling stuff always is always like
that it's like a flag if somebody's
calling somebody a fascist or racist or
neo imperialist any of those sort of
generic labels usually that's not a deep
thinker you know whoever slapping those
labels on stuff
well let me ask you something about
socialism so I I'm gonna change my
criticism from CNN to Fox News now
because I'm fair I'm a fair pundit
sometimes and let's talk about Fox News
now I did I criticize them for making a
big deal and of the the tragedy with I
forget her first name Tibbits the woman
killed by someone who is illegal and
that I argued as did
Geraldo I believe on Fox News that
focusing on this one crime comes off as
racist because you can have opinions on
on the border but if you're focusing on
an anecdote it's because you're doing it
to persuade Molly Tippit's yes thank you
you're doing it to persuade and you're
doing it to persuade because of the
racial difference so to me it's
illegitimate to focus too much on any
anecdote whatever it is but it's also
very effective so if I'm being
honest and you know I like to sometimes
you know remove the the ethical
consideration from the tool so you can
see them clearly you know individually
it's probably pretty persuasive to
hammer on that one example now I see the
three question marks are you saying it's
racist let me let me be more clear
because I may have been a little unclear
it comes off as racist so I'm not saying
that I can see in the inner thoughts of
anybody who made any decisions on Fox
News so nothing like that's happening so
I'm not assuming that in their inner
thoughts that they are racist what I am
saying is that like using the word
articulate like using the word you know
monkey if you're running against an
African American man you should know
that anybody's gonna see this as a
little bit of racist so I think that was
bad programming choice but good
persuasion alright so I don't like it
for all the ethical moral you know
reasons but as a persuasion persuasion
method it probably is effective and I
don't like that but here's the other
complaint about with fox news lately I'm
seeing them going at going after the
Bernie let's say the Bernie protegees
the Alexandre Cortez last name I can't
remember Alexandre at akkad SEO
Acacio Alexandre Acacio Cortez got it so
I see Fox going after her and other
people who have some socialist leaning
and calling them socialists or
communists and oversimplifying their
their positions to that degree just
feels illegitimate it's just persuasion
it's not reporting
now if the opinion piece people do it I
get that but so here's my question to
you is now this is a serious question
for those of you who believe that
Alexandra and Bernie and even Gilliam
for those of you who would label them
socialist I have a quiz for you is uber
socialist because what what Oberer does
is allow many people to share a car now
it's an organized process for doing that
with a driver who actually has ownership
but it is uber is a way to share
resources is uber a socialist idea does
anybody think that it's voluntary so
it's ok ok it's social now socialist
it's voluntary somebody says clearly not
no no no ok so that's those are the
answers I thought I would get so you
would all agree that sharing resources
is not the socialist because uber does
it you know you you do it in lots of
different contexts where people share
resources you know if you go to a hotel
it's a shared resource
lots of people stay in the same hotel
alright yeah somebody just said hotels
at the same time I did so let me ask you
this suppose one of these socialists
that came up with the following plan are
you ready for this
suppose they came up with a plan for
single-payer health care but they said
it's optional so the only people who
have to be in the plan where everywhere
it's universal health care are their
roughly half of the country who think
it's a good idea and the other half can
do whatever they want they can use the
free market they can
have anything do whatever they want
would you be would you be okay with that
if if there was a single-payer plan and
the only hold on here's the best part
and the only people who paid for it
including any any debt yet incurred were
the people who opted in would you be
okay with a half let's say a half
socialist solution where you don't have
to be part of it and you don't have to
pay for it and if it all goes wrong it
has nothing on you
as long as you could get your private
insurance and your private health care
would you care if half the company chose
a public option that was only siloed off
to half of the country somebody says it
still state socialism so it's bad no
that's not a reason you have to give a
reason because in this scenario the
socialist silo would be competing in the
same country against a free market so if
the free market did a better job those
people would be completely free to just
jump over and be in the free market it
doesn't work well so let us let us
suspend for a moment the question of
whether it would work because I don't
think we know exactly I don't know
exactly why it wouldn't work but I'm
testing your thinking now when somebody
says that's Fantasyland keep in mind
this is a mental exercise I'm not
assuming that anything like that will
happen but I'm testing your definition
of socialism
if your definition of socialism is that
as long as you have a choice of being in
it or not you're okay
but it's also a question of whether the
government is involved or not so let's
go to another level
let's say that the government is not
part of it let's say that the Socialists
themselves self-organized so that what
whoever is in charge of it is not the
government of the United States but
maybe just some management entity kind
of like you know Kaiser Kaiser HMO and
and and it's just siloed off and they
have universal health care but they also
pay for it so their taxes would be
siloed off and they pay more for their
taxes to pay for their own health care
but the other half of the country
doesn't have anything to do with it it's
not your government that's involved it's
not your money
it will never be your money under those
conditions would you say that that is
socialism I don't think so so here's my
point when you label something socialist
it just sort of sweeps it off the table
because it lumps it in with every other
socialist thing in the past that didn't
work it it conflates it with communism
that didn't work and all other kinds of
things that didn't work
instead of conflating it with say the
fact that European countries have
universal health care there are plenty
of plenty of situations where we share
resources to lower costs so there are
their components of socialism that work
in all kinds of situations the
components do right so if you could take
away the bad components of socialism and
keep the good parts which are you know
in this case the good part would be
everybody has health care but other
people in that silo that are supporting
them might have higher taxes but they
would be okay with that
here's the key the people paying the
higher taxes in this scenario would be
okay with it because they're doing it
voluntarily so that the other people in
their silo can have health care is that
socialist I don't know can you get the
real Scott back on
does somebody think I've been out of
character today what you've described is
just a private insurance group well it's
a private insurance group in which
everybody who joins a group gets
insurance even if they can't afford it
so a private insurance group still
requires everybody to pay you know a
premium so I'm suggesting that even if
you can't pay anything you could still
join that group and just give free
healthcare pay no taxes at all because
the people who will pay for you are the
people who are also in the group and
also believe that their taxes should go
to pay for other people it's all
voluntary you're conflating issue and I
might be but this is a mental experiment
so I don't know what you mean so if you
have if you could be more specific about
what I have conflated you might have a
point I just don't know what it is yeah
so the the main point is if you take
away two things the requirement in other
words is that you're not forced to do it
and it's not necessarily the government
that you elected that's the boss of it
all and it doesn't cost you anything
under those conditions do you care if
there's some socialism because you don't
care about uber because they don't it's
not the government you don't have to use
uber Dale has possessed Scott so I think
some of you some of you are having a
knee-jerk reaction to the idea that
there might be some way to give people
the things that other people would call
socialism without hurting anybody so
what I described might not be practical
you know probably isn't but the fact is
it would meet all of your requirements
for you not being involved in socialism
the guarantee yeah so somebody says the
problem is the guarantee so if the
government is giving you health care
there's sort of a guarantee they can
just raise taxes if they need to but I'm
saying that if you you know you could
also make a rule that says the only
people who ever pay those raise taxes
are the people who opted in and the
other people don't have to so in a
hypothetical world that wouldn't be a
problem
where does the money come from in this
example it would come from the taxes of
the people who opted in but not the
taxes of the people who did not opt in
so you would just have a different tax
rate for people who opted in or not no
one rides uber for free right I'm not
saying Oberer is like this uber is an
example of something with a shared
resource the the Oprah example was just
to show you that you could have a shared
resource without the other elements of
the coercion or the government and you
know can you put together the good parts
of socialism without the bad parts
definitely not practical I'm not sure
why but I'm not also arguing that it's
practical is a prison prison socialist
no is a prison socialist somebody asked
let's see the government runs the prison
and you don't have a choice about going
in that that's a very clever question
yeah analogies are you can see that the
analogies are bad yeah and the the
Venezuela example it drives me crazy
because Venezuela compared to America is
sort of like me comparing uber to health
care if you're trying to make a specific
point as I did with uber
which is hey there's a shared resource
it's the only point of the analogy but
then people get caught up in the wait a
minute
uber has an app that's different than
health care like no no no that's not
even the point I'm not talking that all
I'm not saying that uber is exactly like
health care there's just one part of it
than I'm making an analogy just this
shared resource part
likewise with Venezuela when I hear
anybody say Venezuela is failing because
they're socialists I say to myself ah
they are socialists and they are failing
but I feel like we need to dig into this
a little bit more right because there
are clearly European countries who are a
little bit socialist that are working
out it could be that everything about
Venezuela worked except pride
privatizing businesses for example I
don't know if that's true but it could
be that what's wrong with Venezuela are
some specific things it's not it's not
all of socialism in every every possible
thing that socialism does you know
Venezuela is not failing because they
have a universal health care for example
it's failing I think mostly is failing
because the prime is privatizing of the
businesses but I frankly don't follow
the events in Venezuela so I don't know
Europe has been socialist on the backs
of America that's a good point we do we
do subsidize Europe by being effectively
their their military you know on top of
their own military somebody said uber is
not Venezuela Scott that's the dumbest
thing anybody's ever said on my
periscope so after I just gave a whole
description of how analogies cannot be
used to compare you know to say the two
things are the same somebody says all
right you wouldn't Dale on me
somebody just gets on here says Scott
are you saying the Oberon tethers away a
lot of the same things how dumb can you
read no I'm not saying that but you can
argue it all day long just don't involve
me because I'm not part of that
conversation so those of you who are
having imaginary conversations in your
head too in which you're arguing against
the thing you imagined that I said knock
yourself out
Hitler was a socialist here are things I
hate because they're stupid Hitler isn't
socialist KKK used to be Democrats those
two things are so freaking dumb that
when I hear them my brain too goes ah ah
like it struggles inside my head those
things can be true without having any
relevance to today right just no
relevance it is not true that because
Denmark has socialized medicine that
they're right on the verge of creating
the Holocaust so to say that Hitler was
a socialist or Nazis were socialist it
doesn't tell you anything it doesn't
tell you anything except that you know
Hitler himself was you know a terrible
monster and the fact that the KKK may
have been started by Democrats or mostly
Democrats I don't care because the past
is gone the past doesn't exist you know
if somebody's 18 and they register as a
Democrat do I hold it against them that
in nineteen out of thirty or whenever
there was somebody who was also a
Democrat who was in the KKK do I hold
that against an eighteen year old who's
signing up to be a Democrat because they
want health care and don't want to pay
for it I mean it's ridiculous to bring
that into the future Oh
somebody said poke Dale which made me
think of the Pope how many of you think
the Pope can keep his job under the
current controversy of
there's a semi credible allegation that
he knew about child abuse at least in
one case it was soft on it that's a bad
choice of words how many think the Pope
can keep his job
I'm just looking for your comments
chairs are a little bit behind yeah I've
got people out here say that uber is
Hitler and KKK is Hitler yeah just stop
using Hitler and ancient KKK history to
to make any point about 2018 is
rhetorical socialists tend to be
authoritarian that might even be true
but it's not relevant
those of you who have reflexive problems
well let me get to not get into that
again so nobody thinks the Pope is gonna
have to lose his job it looks like but
man that is bad from the brand very bad
for the brand and with the Pope isn't
there a complaint that he hasn't spoken
out about the controversy someone
directly because he's been accused of
something pretty specific and I don't
know that he's spoken on the topic yet
Pope is a socialist
every time let me tell you every time
that somebody gets called the Socialists
I think the person saying it is not is
not a credible they're not credible you
know if you say there's an element of
socialism you don't like or didn't work
or we know it doesn't work I think
that's valid but just to say socialism
socialism you know that I think that's
the the Wrights version of racist you
know when the left is out of ammo will
say to the right ah you're all racists
and when the right is out of ammo they
call the left
socialists it's just it's just sort of a
narrow vamo a thing to say socialism
eventually requires force yeah full
socialism would eventually require force
but I have never heard anybody suggest
such a thing you know even the people
who are talking about socialism I think
you have to see them as Trump like
persuaders who know that asking for the
something like fuller socialism which
would include income equality and such
which you could only do with the at
gunpoint the people were asking for that
stuff they appear to me as negotiators
who really want health care and
education and it seems to me that if
America wants to be great that we should
have at least as good at education and
health care system as other countries if
we don't have as good a systems as other
countries and you could argue whether we
do or not but in terms of coverage we
have a worse system
yeah we can't be that great without
figuring out how to do those things now
I think you get there was something that
looks more like innovation so I'd like
to get to the point where everybody has
healthcare everybody has free education
or close to it because of the way we
innovated not because the government
made to do it or made your taxes higher
does capitalism require a force of
course so as so if somebody said that
socialism eventually requires government
force and then somebody else said
doesn't capitalism require force of
course it is
you are in a system that only exists
because if you got outside of the system
the government would literally kill you
you you are in a system at the end of
the barrel of a gun you don't get a
choice about paying your taxes what's my
prediction on the Pope I was asking all
of you because I wanted to get a read on
the public feeling about him
and if most of you had said oh he's got
to go he's gotta go then I would have
said oh that's probably how other people
are feeling too and or at least there
would be enough conservatives who
thinking that it would be hard for him
to be a credible Pope but very few of
you said he needs to go yeah I mean some
people did but it seemed like the
predominant opinion was this yeah
whatever yeah let's let the Catholics
work it out and the fact that there
wasn't much caring meaning there wasn't
much emotion around all right here leads
me to believe that the Pope will stay in
office so there's my prediction my
prediction is that there isn't enough
emotional concern about this topic to
remove him from office which is
different from I'm not giving you an
opinion about whether he should be
removed that's up to the religion you
know I'm not Catholic so I don't have a
vote there certainly have every right to
be represented by who
they want but my guess is there's not
enough of motion around this to force a
bed of hot office they do forgive I'm
not sure I'm not sure the forgiving
kicks in until there's some apologizing
and some recognizing of what you did
wrong so we don't have that yet my
followership is not the public correct
but you would expect that the
Conservatives would be the the tip of
the spear in terms of being angry at the
Pope for this particular offense because
people on the right tend to make a big
deal about and should about child abuse
so if the people on the right are
concerned and when I say not concerned I
mean not at a highly emotional level
they're just concerned then I'd say he's
fine
I'm gonna sign off now we've gone long
enough and I'll say thanks for listening
and I'll talk to you all later