good morning everybody and welcome it's
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams or in the
elbonian
language as far as you know there's an
elbonian language and if you'd like to
take your experience up to levels which
nobody can even understand all you need
is a cup or mug or glass a tanker cheler
a canteen Jugger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dop media of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and the house now
go ah just
right
Sublime all
right now for those of you who are new
there might be some new people who have
never seen the show before
um give me the answer to the question
before I ask it go answer to the
question before I ask that is the
correct
answer
yes now here's the
question in AR Rasmus and poll uh what
percentage of people uh are in favor of
removing statues of Washington George
Washington you said
25% gosh you're good 27 27 but around
you know within the margin of error I
think I think your ability to know the
answers before the questions are asked
is unparalleled purely
unparalleled and if you think there's
any audience in the world that is
smarter than this one you let's see if
they can answer the question before you
ask it just give them that test they
won't be able to do
it well I am loving the uh I don't know
what you'd call it uh but the the
Ascension maybe of Bill lman famous
hedge fund investor guy so he's been
going really hard at uh Harvard
especially and wokeness now more
generally he's he's become kind of the
Rosa Parks of uh
of of the
Dei uh
debacle um and he says among other
things in a long post today and he's
becoming a national treasur in my view
he says I don't think it will be long
before we look back on the last few
years of free speech suppression and the
repeated career-ending accusations of
racist for those who question the Dei
movement do you think that will happen
do you think we will someday look back
at this period and it will look like
McCarthyism and that the Dei thing will
look like it was a gigantic mistake and
it will be largely
dismantled
yes yes he's absolutely right there's no
way around it it's definitely going to
happen uh and he said we're all shortly
going to realize that the Dei era is the
McCarthy era part
two he said he learned from someone who
had firsters knowledge of the uh
situation that when Harvard was
searching for a
president um the committee would not
consider a candidate who did not meet
the Dei offices criteria in other
words no white
men so that that it was exactly what it
looked like if you're wondering to
yourself huh I wonder if they excluded
white men in their search yes they did
yes they
did uh and Bill Amman points out the
same is likely true for other Elite
universities uh um so the would you say
that the competence crisis is
real I saw three uh College presidents
that in my opinion were
incompetent now as uh other people have
pointed out other people who identify as
female so I'll quote them instead of
taking the heed on myself those three
College presidents uh set back women's
right
by about 50
[Laughter]
years am I the only one that had that
impression and by the way this wasn't my
original it's not my original
observation it's something I was
thinking when I watched it uh I think it
was Greta Greta Van sest who was was
saying it was setting back the the
women's move the women's movement I
think she said set back the women's
movement you're really
did it was it was a terrible terrible
day for
women well uh McCarthy's leaving leaving
the job he's leaving government I guess
he had hinted that he might do it if he
got push out at the the leadership job
and I guess he is but the funniest part
about that story is Matt Gates who is
obviously the agent of that change he's
the one who pushed for it uh he had a
post today with just one word
mle now some people interpreted it that
Matt gase was leaving but that's not
what he meant he was talking about
McCarthy he was making a joke about the
mcloven character there's a movie with
teenage character who calls himself
mcloven she calls him
meven that was super bad was the name of
the movie yeah and
I just love the fact that he's dancing
on his
grave mle that they had me laughing
today all right uh China is allegedly uh
going to revamp its space program and
the reason that China is so worried
about getting behind on space is not
because the United States is doing such
good work but because Elon
muskus so who beat China space was it
the United
States uh not exactly was it
India no no it was just Elon Musk just
one one person just that one person
destroyed on the most probably probably
the most important um stage of human
development you know if someday if
humans live another Thousand Years we're
going to look back and see that the
leaving of the planet to become
Interstellar was more fundamental than
even you know Finding discovering
America so-called discovering
and uh it was one person basically one
person did that and beat China so it's
one person who beat uh over a billion
people how many people are in China 2
billion 2 billion right what's the
population in China
1.3 1.7 1.2 we got lots of estimates
over a
billion all right
um so South Carolina uh the state they
have announced that they're not going to
invest any money in Walt Disney Company
so it's no longer An approved State
investment so now the Disney Company
is uh not only fun for the whole family
but considered by one State uh so evil
that you can't even invest in them but
also fun for the whole
family but a state government has
decided they're too evil for you invest
in them so you can take the family but
my God don't put your money there says
the state of South Carolina I don't know
if that will form any kind of a trend
we'll
see
I saw a post by Rohan
Pandy who is a my kind of poster you
ever see you ever see a on social media
where you say my God that could have
been me posting that because it looks
like I did it or here's one that just
looks like something I would have done
except I'm not this smart so if I were
smarter I would have posted what Rohan
Pandy posted he noted uh he says a quick
skitso Theory uh top and bottom quarks
so those are the the names for two
different flavors of Quark the top and
the bottom they originally called Truth
and Beauty so there's a truth quark and
a beauty Quark now here's the
interesting part uh SAA first name of
the leader of Microsoft in Sans cript
his name his name means truth but Sundar
first name of the leader of Google in
Sanskrit his name means Beauty
so as Rohan points out the two the two
mfers he says competing in the race to
AGI are named after opposing fundamental
particles and then he says the
simulation is effing with
us that's pretty
good that the two people are truth and
beauty and that used to be two
fundamental particles now it's all just
coincidences but it's fun of course he
may have made up all of this but still
fun how many of you saw a a very viral
video of a new form of AI called
gini I think it's
Google's um that was doing some amazing
things but by looking at images and you
could draw a picture and it knew what
you were drawing and it could it could
compare two things and all that well it
took all of today to find out that was a
fake
video that was fake that totally totally
fooled me but here's what was fake about
it the fake part was uh you believe that
it was a human talking to the computer
because what you heard it was a
conversation between a human and a
computer in truth they were giving it
super prompts and text but the human was
not repeating what the super prompt said
the super prompt was giving it more
information than the human was so the
trick was you thought that the computer
only knew what it saw plus whatever the
human was saying verbally but what the
computer actually knew was what they
typed into the prompt which had
formatted the question in a way that
narrowed the responses so the
amazingness of the responses wasn't
nearly as amazing as it would have been
if you'd known how they asked the
question but still amazing yeah still
amazing it's it just wasn't as amazing
as the
video uh that's a anyway I don't know if
it's true but there's a claim that
somebody's seen the super prompts and
they're
different all right axios is talking
about Elon mus strategy with his AI
called Gro and apparently it's
unclear whether the AI that Elon Musk is
building would be part of the xplatform
or part of a separate company that the
xplatform accesses and works with so we
don't know that yet but if the um but if
it's
true that uh the gro or you know that's
the name of the AI that'll be operative
on a if it's true that it gets valued
the same as chat
GPT then Trump then musk will have
doubled his
investment so if he paid 44
billion and chat GPT is already uh
valued on paper more than that twice
that it's like 90 billion or something
so he could actually double his
investment the day that uh grock goes
live potentially because that would that
would depend on you know people's um
psychology saying oh no that's that's as
good as chat gbt so we'll give it the
same value Could Happen here's what
axios speculates as at least a
possibility and I agree but only after
reading you know axios so I I did not
come to this decision on my own axios
guided me
there it goes like this when musk said
about
advertisers uh don't advertise
Fu in other words don't advertise if if
you have a problem or you're trying to
manipulate me you're blackmail me don't
advertise F you now do you
think that musk anticipated how much
trouble that would cause or or at least
knew there was a risk of how much
trouble that would cause cuz it seems it
seems unlikely that he would be unaware
that would be a
problem so one one has to wonder what if
he knew how much of a risk it was and he
did it anyway is it just because he's
Bas based and awesome and he just didn't
care about $44
billion maybe that's actually entirely
possible but I would like to suggest
there's one other
possibility and it goes like
this Elon Musk is the only person who's
figured out that the advertising model
is going to be gone in 3
years because AI will completely replace
it he might be the one who figured out
that he has to get out of he probably
wants to get out of advertising as fast
as possible and go to
subscription or a model that looks like
this wouldn't you like to never see an
advertisement again unless your personal
version of AI decided from based on what
you told it directly or what it knew
about you that it would always be
scanning for new products and if it
found anything that was right on point
for you it would show it to
you but it wouldn't show it to you while
you're on task in other words it
wouldn't interrupt you while you're
reading something
it would simply know that a good time to
talk to you or even maybe just make a
little shopping list for you that you
don't even see unless you tap on
it I don't see any way that
advertising uh works as a as a revenue
model and as a business model in 10
years how many would agree with the
following statement in 10 years the
advertising model will be completely
dead in 10 years
all right I I I think I can convince you
in 10 years it'll be
Deb how about
five will will anybody go with me to
five because the thing that'll kill it
is likely to be some AI related
architecture I think
five yep now in five I don't mean every
single ad model would be Deb I mean in
five you could maybe imagine the X would
be uh add model free while still giving
you all the
advertisements the you you might
actually say uh let me ask you this how
much would you pay to never see another
advertisement again unless you wanted
it and you only see it when you want to
how much would you pay to remove just
advertising from social
media because we're getting pretty close
to that and here's how if if if musk
succeeds and making X the place you go
and just live because you can make
payments there you can see the news
there you can comment there basically
you could just live there see all your
videos and everything then suppose he
makes it ad
free imagine going to an environment
that's ad free and you know playing in
your playground all day how would you
feel the first time you turn on cable
news and it goes to a commercial in 12
minutes and it stays there for another
12 minutes seems like like you will you
will be so done with the ad model once
you buy out and I'll tell and I'll tell
you I have some experience with this
because um I've bought myself out at the
YouTube advertisements meaning that if
you pay extra I forget what they call it
but whatever the the business model is
on uh YouTube you pay extra to see no
advertisements the the nature it's
premium somebody says um the nature of
your experience without
advertisement is so
transformative that it makes YouTube in
my opinion the premier adverti the
Premier
Entertainment vehicle in the world by 10
is probably 10 times more entertaining
than the next most entertaining thing
this long form just talking about long
form so anyway I think musk might have
more of a Instinct about uh advertising
being dead than you do and just
speculating that I think he's probably
thinking ahead to the death of
advertising and that he probably didn't
feel that it was an existential threat
to X if he just killed it early in fact
it might accelerate the urgency to get
past the model which is going to happen
anyway so he might actually come out
ahead because you could imagine what
would happen to the team at X imagine
you're working at X
you've got some people are trying to
work on the non-advertising model and
some are working on the advertising
model do you think when he blew up the
advertising model that that changed the
energy probably probably the people
figuring out how to make AI work and and
all the Alternatives probably got real
busy probably also the advertising team
got real focused on smaller businesses
the ones that are you more likely to be
advertising so I'm not sure that that
was the bad thing that you think it
was you know maybe it was there's no way
to read his mind to know what he was
thinking but I'm going to I'm going to
go on record as saying I think that musk
will probably say something that
suggests the advertising model is not
forever expect to see
that all right um climate activists are
concerned that AI would be another risk
to climb
in two different ways AI might be used
to spread climate
disinformation well my God uh my God
yeah I'd hate for there to be any
climate disinformation out there because
you know what the climate information
that we have now is so good that we all
have the same opinion about the risk am
I
right yeah cuz it would be a real
problem if if suddenly our good climate
information turned into unreliable stuff
because of AI I mean that's reason
enough to stop AI let's slow that down
we don't want any unreliable information
about the climate out
there um but also the AI models are huge
data center users and so they they use a
ton of
electricity so that's a good
point or or is
it um here are a few things that AI
might tell you about climate models do
you know how I know that it might tell
you
this I asked it so I asked AI hey I got
a few specific questions about climate
models because I would like to know how
reliable they are so here are some
things that there's no opinion in what I
give you now so so these are just
facts I asked how many climate models
are
there do you know how many climate
models are
there
thousands dozens hundreds
25 60 13 now don't you think that if the
entire strategy of climate change based
is based on the models and it is don't
you think you should know how many
models there are would would it affect
your opinion of the reliability of
models if you knew how many there
were let take two extremes let's say
there were there had never been more
than five
models and one of them got thrown away
over the years because it just didn't
work but imagine if the other four had
been doing a pretty good job for like 30
years that would tell you something
important wouldn't it if you had three
different models and they actually
predicted pretty well the actual
temperature for 30 years my God that
would be that would be amazing and I
would be quite inclined to believe a
model like that do we have that no
nothing like that that would be that
would be very very
believable all right here's another
question oh so the answer is that the
IPC averages 29
models is that the answer to how many
models there are if the the most
official body uh takes the average of 29
models so would it be fair to say there
are about 29
models does it follow does it follow
that if they only use 29 well they can't
be that much more than
29 because the whole the whole reason
that you take an average is because
you're not sure which ones are right so
if you had hundreds of them and you're
not sure they're right you would take
the average of all the
hundreds so therefore if they're only
taking an average of 29 doesn't that
suggest since they're not being super
picky about which you know because they
don't know which ones are right that's
why they take an average doesn't it
suggest that the total number might be
close to 29 because why would they throw
out any models what what what would be
the reasoning for discarding any models
at all if they don't know which ones are
right and they don't know which ones are
right that's why you average because you
don't know which one's
right well the answer is it's probably
hundreds of models but they average 29
huh huh now here's another question for
you how many models are retired every
year do you know what that
means it means there used to be a model
that they were tracking but it became so
bad at tracking over time that they said
you know we can't even tweak it we're
we're just going to throw this in the
way how many so out of the out of the
number of models that you don't even
know how many there are maybe hundreds
maybe 29 good ones according to the IPC
how many of them change out every year
so that the 29 you're looking at are not
exactly the same 29 as 5 years ago is it
do half of them change out because if
half of them changed out wouldn't you
say to yourself well that doesn't sound
very good at all that sounds like
guessing if half of them are replaced
every year or is it
one one out of 29 wouldn't be bad but
but how about the fact that you don't
know the answer to that question because
if you don't know how many get changed
now every year you don't know
anything do you understand that if
they're tracking 29ish models but you
don't know if they're replacing models
as they go you literally don't know
anything nothing can be deduced from
tracking a changing basket of
anything imagine if this had been the
stock market they say we're going to
we're going to track the uh S&P
500 oh but wait the S&P 500 the the
biggest 500 companies it changes all the
time things are coming in and coming out
so at the end what did you really check
it wasn't 500 companies cuz at the end
it might be you know 350 that are left
depending on how long you're tracking so
if you're not tracking the same thing
you're not tracking
anything all right here's another
question how many
variables are in a
model how many variables are in a
typical model if there were three
variables I would say to myself hm three
variables there's at least used to
fighing chance that you could wrestle
three variables into a useful
model cuz three is not too many but
suppose suppose you had
five you know five is not just two more
variables when you go from three
variables to five your your
possibilities
explode so how how many variables do you
think are the the essential variables
they even have a name for the essential
variables CU there's they're infinite
variables but they're not all meaningful
how many are the essential ones well if
you check online you'll find out
four the four variables so I said oh
that's not bad really there just four
variables and then I looked a little
deeper no there are
four categories of variables there are
four
categories the total number of variables
is closer to 54 essential
variables 54
variables now let me ask you
this what if there were one more
variable that they found
tomorrow because I I see stories about
this all the time oh we found another
variable we didn't know about if you
were to find the 55th variable and you
added it to the 54 what does your
intuition tell you does your intuition
tell you well it's only one more
variable you've already got 54 variables
so if you're only going to add one more
how much difference could it make am I
right it's only one more variable you've
already got 54 couldn't make that much
difference right no one variable can
completely change the outcome from up to
down if you've never done
modeling you wouldn't know
that how many of the 54 variables if you
got any one of them wrong just one of
them how many of the 54 could completely
reverse the direction from the
temperature going up to the temperature
going down in the future how many of the
54 if you just had one of them a just
one of them a little bit wrong how how
could it change a lot of them probably
probably a number of the 54 if you got
them a little bit wrong and you iterate
that over time cuz small errors
exaggerate over time with models
probably there are 54 ways that that
could go wrong in other words you'd have
you'd have to really have a a solid lock
handle on all 54 variables or else it
wouldn't necessarily be anything it
would just be I don't know could be
anything that would be the only way to
analyze 54 variables now let me ask you
this how many models that purport to
forecast the future
and of course there are Financial models
economic models so a lot of people have
models that try to forecast the future
how many of them have something in the
order of 54 variables and a track record
of being
correct now I'm laughing because
everybody who's been involved in any
kind of forecasting or modeling knows
and I'm going to say as clearly as POS
as possible they know that this isn't a
real
this is not real there's nobody tracking
54 variables and uh maybe hundreds of
models but some humans are picking the
best 29 out of the hundreds because what
do you know how they pick the 29 models
out of the hundreds of models is it
because they're the most
accurate I doubt it or is it the ones
that support the uh the narrative the
best what do you
think what do you think yeah use your
understanding of everything you've ever
seen in the real world and you tell me
that there are hundreds of models to
choose from there only going to choose
29 do you think they're going to choose
29 models that when you put them
together they don't support the
narrative there isn't there isn't the
slightest chance of that not even the
slightest chance now how about waiting
do you think they take those 29 models
and they give them all equal weight
because normally when you do a survey
you would weight it uh by the number of
people you talk to right if you're going
to take a an average of a bunch of
surveys about let's say vaccine uh
Effectiveness or something like that the
thing that would make it logical to
average them is that they're
individually smallish
studies so if you add them together
you've got enough at least people
involved to say something but what is it
you're averaging if you're averaging
climate models
what what is the uh metaanalysis logic
that adding them together and taking the
average is
anything like how what how does it even
make
sense yeah the the metaanalysis at least
makes sense even though it's in
it's horoscopes but at least there's a
little bit of logic to it if the only
wrong with the studies was some some of
them were
underpowered then adding adding them
together would be exactly the right
solution but if you have completely you
know just people looking at variables on
their own and databases on their own
what is it you're
averaging just the outcomes and I'm not
sure there's I'm not sure there's any
logic to that
or why would you even assume that the
average is
useful right there's no logic to say
that the average would be useful in this
specific case there are lots of cases
where the average is exactly what you
want want but I don't see any internal
logic to
this all right how many so you don't
know how many models are added to the
total new models you don't know how many
are retired you don't know how they
picked the 29 models and you don't know
if they added one more variable someday
to the 54 they have if it would reverse
the entire direction of the
curve let me say the the faster version
of all this nobody can predict the
future
F nobody can predict the future that's
never been a thing ever ever right you
you can say maybe that human nature
stays consistent over time and that that
gives you a little bit of that history
repeats feel but even that's fake right
but you could definitely say all right
next year humans will be selfish and you
know susceptible to cognitive dissonance
yeah that's fair but you don't know
anything about the variables in
nature all
right um let's talk about that goop
debate I saw a little of it and I
watched a bunch of clips and um there's
the if you didn't watch it the four
participants that are not Trump are V
ramaswami and Chris Christie and Nikki
hilly and uh that other guy who's the
other guy who's the fourth person in the
stage Des sanctimonious something yeah
somebody named Ron was also there uh but
he did not make any highlight Ron didn't
make any highlight
films the highlight films left him
out
now
uh here's what I take away from the
whole
thing um it was easy to observe that
people just thought their favorite
person
won uh I was watching David Pacman uh
when he was observing it as an observer
so I was watching him observe in real
time and his take was that Chris
Christie won easily it was like Chris
Christie's night now Pacman's a Democrat
you know famous Democrat and do you
think that what he was responding to was
the quality of Christie's arguments or
was it that Christie hates Trump the
most obviously it's because TR Christie
is the one who says Trump's the problem
obviously right now did he really
believe that Chris Christie did the best
job I think so yeah I don't think he was
lying I think that we all had our
subjective reality reinforced right if
you were Nikki H's Camp you thought she
won if you were in D santis Camp you
thought he won by not making news you
know not being crazy if you were in v v
Camp as I am you think he won and I do
right so everybody agreed with what they
thought was going to happen before it
happened so so you could ignore
everybody's opinion who of who won right
that's useless but there were some
highlights uh van Jones said he was
literally shaking after listening to
V uh and what he called his smooth and
condescending way and he's more
dangerous than Trump because he could
out outlive Trump by 50 years and you
might be seeing
a tyrant in the making those are my
words but um he says that the's
embracement of the quote replacement
theory that we'll talk about is one step
from Nazi
propaganda what do you take from Van
Jones reaction to
V do you say to yourself my God I had
not thought of it that way but van Jones
might have a good point about this this
uh Brown fellow becoming the next
Hiller or do you say that's the only
only one he's worried
about to me it looks like van Jones is
only worried about one candidate who
isn't
Trump so does that make you like V less
knowing he's the one that scares van
Jones the
most well if you believe that the reason
he's scared is the risk of totalitarian
racism then I
guess I guess you haven't listened to
anything V said that I I feel as if if
this analysis of aake has to ignore
everything he stands for the books he's
written every TV appearance and
everything he's ever posted which is
100% uh Merit and not
race he's the most anti-racist candidate
of all
time by far he is the furthest from a
racist Nazi
of any major candidate in the history of
the United
States that's true he he says that the
loudest and he's the one that says you
got to include white people and white
men if you're being serious about Merit
if you're being serious about not being
a
racist who's the who's the other Brown
leader who
says how about white people are not
discriminated against either
yes definitely don't discriminate
against anybody else but why are you
discriminating against white
people he's the only
one
yeah the comment says Scott is a V's
propaganda
Minister how about he's how about I'm
just endorsing him for president looks
the same I
guess all right some more uh things
happen
um so uh Megan Kelly asked Nikki hilly
aren't you too tight with the banks and
the billionaires to win over the gop's
working class base good question and she
said uh we will take support from
anybody I don't I don't ask them what
their policies are they ask me what my
policies are nicely done nicely done uh
I don't I don't think Nikki H is my
first choice or even third or fourth
choice for president but that that's a
good
answer that's the Willie Brown answer I
always talk about where you should you
should just go right at it so denying
that you're taking money from somebody
is weak and denying you know sort of
just restating your policies kind of
weak but she says it directly we'll take
money from anybody they ask me what my
policies are that's the way it works
it's not the other way around that is a
cool strong answer I liked it all right
uh went super hard at them and he had
quite a few moments one of his moments
was he challenged his competitors to
name the three provinces in Ukraine that
they're trying they're trying to
protect
now number one it's a messed up question
meaning that I don't think you need to
know the names of the
provinces the same as I didn't believe
that U George Bush Senior really needed
to know the cost of a price of bread do
you remember that gotcha when somebody
asked George Bush Senior if he knew the
price of a loaf of bread and he
didn't that really was
unimportant because if he understands
you know the inflation rate he kind of
gets it you know you don't need to be
shopping for a loaf of bread yourself
that was always dumb so when uh V used
the loaf of bread trick I'll call it to
challenge them to name the three
provinces
uh Nikki hilly got a look on her face
that V called out as a blank
expression now this was the brilliant
part this was brilliant so much like the
uh you you've heard the auditory
illusion of uh uh what is it green
needle and the other uh Yan and Laurel
Laurel and Yanni and all that stuff
so when uh Nikki hilly made a let's say
an exaggerated expression on her face to
that comment you in her like her mouth
especially when and sort of a smirk I
looked at the smirk and I said is that a
blank expression or is that a smirk
because a smirk says I'm going to kill
you and you I have the goods but if the
smirk was a uh-oh I'm in trouble well
then it's say exact
opposite so when V looked called her out
and pointed to her and said look at the
blank Expressions he primed you to see
it as a blank
expression and it was
brilliant that that was that was
probably the smartest uh in the moment
play you'll ever see in your life
because when he called it down as a
blank expression you saw it that way if
he had not called it out do you know how
you might have seen
it how many of you watched the debate
and noticed that eventually Nikki hilly
did say the names of the three provinces
without prompting did anybody see her do
it nope you didn't even see it I did I I
saw
it because she did it when somebody was
talking over her so one of the others or
more of them were talking over her and
after the conversation had gone for a
while she sort of leaned into the mic
and just said the names of the provinces
so if you're wondering what the smirk
was for she showed you that she actually
knew the names of the provinces but she
did a bad job of clearing out the space
so that when she delivered her killshot
that she knew the names of the provinces
you could hear it and it would be her
moment so I think you know you can't
read mines I can't read her mind but I
did observe personally her saying the
names of the provinces now did did she
have to think about it probably I would
I'd have to like think about it for a
moment it's like could I come up with
the three and then I think V said
something about you know acting like she
got one of them wrong or something
Crimea or something
and um cuz there can you give me a fact
check there are three provinces but that
doesn't include Crimea right
crimea's would it's its own thing
so so she got you know she may have
known she may have gotten close or she
may have had an answer that the audience
would recognize or would think was the
right answer but um so I'm going to give
vake an A+ for creating that
situation it was a good one for priming
us to see her as a blank blank face and
also the other people and then also
talking over her when she had a chance
and the talking over her when she had a
chance to redeem herself that also
worked right so you might say to
yourself that was really kind of
sneaky you know weasy debate technique
to which I say that's all these debates
are the all the debates are are people
looking for their little weasly tricky
moments it's not about the cleverness of
their argument if it were about the
solidness of the argument disantis would
look like a winner you know at least
half of the debates was never about that
it's about creating the energy in the
moment and the you know can you do it
again kind of vibe so if you didn't like
V you liked him even less CU he was so
strong in the debate if you liked him
you said oh he scored all the Good Hits
and Etc uh another we'll give give some
more moments here uh so V said that he
believe he said why am I the only person
on the stage uh at least who you can say
that and they listed several things that
are really controversial that he says he
believes now that other people are
afraid to say they believe so the first
one is that January 6 now looks like it
was an inside job now he says looks like
it
was which is the fairest way to say it
if he said it was I think that'd be
going too far but he's really smart
about knowing where that line is so he
says it looks like it it it was an
inside job and it does it looks like it
I I also do not declare that it
was but based on what we've seen I'd say
the hypothesis that it was an inside job
is dominant you're more likely than than
the opposite but I don't know for sure
then he also said uh the government lied
about 91 and Saudi Arabian involvement
lied for 20
years I I'm not totally up on that topic
but sounds like that's about right uh
that the 2020 election was stolen from
Trump now when he says stolen he doesn't
mean that the vote was miscounted you
know he's talking about more uh you
platform manipulation and uh the
suppression of free speech and all that
which is
valid and then here's where the Trouble
Comes or does it you've heard of this
thing called the the Great
replacement I know you've heard of it
it's the idea that uh generally comes
from a very right-wing uh conservative
types and they say that uh you remember
the um Charlottesville March and the
Marchers were saying they will not
replace us talking about uh
Jews and that that's just like a sliver
of the the larger concept but then if
you look at the border it looks like
there's some kind of well some would say
I'll say some would say that it looks
like the open border is an obvious
attempt to replace the current
majorities with Browner majorities that
are more likely to vote
Democrat now vake is taking I think the
uh the border is open and they're
bringing in lots of future Democrat
voters to replace us meaning you know us
in this case would be conservatives not
white people so when V says replacement
he's not talking about brown
people because he's brown right he he's
not talking about I think they want
brown people to replace
vake that's not what he's saying uh but
he's he's he's he's definitely dancing
close to the Sun here because people
like van Jones are going to hear it as
the racist version but if you hear it as
the why is the Border open and non
citizens are pouring in and changing the
nature of of our country in ways that
maybe he doesn't like or you don't
like so this is really dangerous and
provocative
but I think what he's trying to do is
revive um free
speech that that's what I see in this
comment I don't see in this comment any
kind of you know uh dog whistle I I
don't think he's about the dog whistle I
think this is more about the beginning
of reclaiming the great replacement from
it's only what racist talk about to uh
I'm just looking at the math you just
brought in 8 million people that weren't
here
before are are are they having an an
impact on our uh let's say ability to um
manage the country The Way We Were of
course they do of course might it might
be a good impact or it might be a bad
impact but it's certainly a a replacing
what was here in a general sense impact
but I don't think it's a ra a racial
comment I think has more to do with
um how how people think
actually all right so we'll see if he
can get away from that little hole he
dug himself a little hole because should
he become president or presidential
candidate he's going to have to explain
this for the rest of his career like
they'll they'll never drop this but he
is good enough that he could take the
gun from their hand and flip it around
so if you imagine vake answering the
question hey is this great replacement
thing sort of a Nazi thing he would
obliterate whoever asked him that
question like that would be another
moment that he would Sparkle because you
should be able to obliterate that
dumbass question he could do it all
right um
and then he went after Nikki hilly for
saying that uh when he had criticized
her in Prior debate uh Nikki Hil said
suggested that maybe he had a quote
woman problem maybe he had a woman
problem well that's not quite a nice
thing to say for one Republican to
another because aren't the Republicans
the ones who are supposed to sort of not
talk like that and not act like it's
some kind of weird woke Dei thing that's
kind of opposite of being a democr or of
a republican at the moment so V Answers
by saying I don't have a woman problem
uh Nikki has a corruption problem and
then he held up his notes and on one
page he had written uh Nikki equals
corrupt did you see that moment when he
when he held it up and showed that was
all that was on his
page it was visual it made the
news and you'll remember it
forever perfect
perfect um then he said uh that Nikki
hilly this is a woman who will send your
kids to die so she can buy a bigger
house talking about her preferences for
more warlike
policies this is a woman who will send
your kids to die so she can buy a bigger
house you could you could
write a doctoral thesis on that one
sentence it's so perfect persuasion
Perfection because you know I always
tell you that uh fear is the best
persuasion right fear is the best
persuasion what is more scary than
sending your kid to die that's pretty
scary and what is more visual than send
to die so you can buy a bigger
house so you got the bigger house you
got your visual you got your son dying
that's also visual but it's also fear
one
sentence do you do you understand how
good he is at
this yeah this is a skill level that
we've I don't think we've ever seen it
before honestly I'm I'm not aware of
ever seeing anybody who operated at this
level including Trump yeah Trump is a
singular character I always resist
comparing him to anything because his
own method just can't be duplicated you
you can't take his method so he just
sort of operates in his own you know zip
code and he is just Trump As Trump in
fact that's all I say about him now
Trump is Trump that that's the good news
and the bad news Trump is Trump you know
why why is he leading right now in the
polls because Trump is
Trump it explains a lot you no nobody
else is him if anybody else could be him
they might be leading in the polls too
but Trump is Trump there's only one
there will never be another one if you
like that there's nobody else to vote
for
all right um so that was pretty artistic
fromes um she called her uh she says
she's the donor's she has donor Puppet
Masters I like Puppet Master too because
you can see the puppet strings visual
visual visual just so good on the visual
stuff and then he says directly that he
rejects identity politics he says two
chromosome two X chromosomes uh does not
IM you from
criticism oh thank
you yeah vake slamming Nicky Hy for
being uh too
woke that is the show I wanted to
watch that one speaks to every part of
my
body I can feel
that right there are a lot of things
that you say oh that's a good
intellectual poter I like that policy
that's a good policy when he said two
exm zones do not imun it doesn't
immunize you from criticism and he
rejects identity politics I could feel
it like in my body I can feel that
that's a whole different level
yeah so there's some uh controversy
about I guess the rumble feed that was
covering the uh the debate I guess it
glitched out when um somebody maybe
Megan Kelly asked about the warp speed
you know the getting the vaccin Nations
fast with Trump and so people are saying
oh that's a coincidence that it cut out
just on that question but it wasn't
coincidence it was just technical
problem there it is very unlikely that
Rumble would cut out on a republican
debate let me say that again there's not
really any chance that Rumble
intentionally cut a feed at any point
during a republican debate that is not a
possibility there's no real world
possibility that that happen at
all all right um what
else so the rock notice I didn't mention
DeSantis I feel like DeSantis is just a
running out the
clock you know sort of waiting around to
see if anything happens with Trump but
not really trying too hard to win at
this point I I think he's just trying to
do an honest attempt because he has
backers and they want him to do it just
looks like I mean he did not seem
engaged at he he just did his good
DeSantis job and by the way the I I have
the
funniest or unusual take on
DeSantis DeSantis is the best
politician that doesn't interest
me so so it's like a
compliment actually that's just a
complete compliment do you know why he
doesn't interest me
because he doesn't do crazy every
day there's no crazy he just like
sort of does good things that his base
wants them to do he's a great politician
in terms of
execution um but for for the presidency
if you're running against the Trump
you're running against a superstar he
doesn't have Superstar energy to to
level up to you know the Taylor Swift of
of
politicians so it's it's terribly unfair
and if Des santis comes back around in
some subsequent year and runs for
president I I can see supporting him
yeah he he's a solid
solid um
patriotic good servant to the people I
think so The Rock Dwayne The Rock
Johnson uh did some mysterious meeting
with the military Folks at the
Pentagon um after you know long ago
saying that uh the parties wanted him to
run for president the parties I love the
way he says it making it seem like he
you know even the Democrats and even the
Republicans both sides yes it's the
parties oh don't don't ask me which side
I mean they all want me so he's very
smart to not kill the rumor because the
longer the rumor goes the more fun it is
for him and more free attention he gets
so he's smart to keep it going but I
would say it's unlikely that he was
talking to the Pentagon to line up his
support for running for president or to
do his research before he ran for
president or any of that the most likely
scenario is he has some business with
the
Pentagon could be he's doing a movie
might want some support from the
military could be the military wants him
to be sort of an ambassador to uh
improve recruitment he' got to be
perfect for that so I doubt that it's
because he's running for president but
it's fun it's fun to think about
it speaking of
fun axios is reporting that Melania uh
thinks Tucker Carlson would be a great
VP for uh
Trump uh because he's he's sort of he's
sort of the more
articulate version of trump with very
similar attitudes about things now I
don't think it's going to be Tucker
because I don't think Tucker
would um be Reckless enough to take the
job it it seems like Tucker is in sort
of an ideal place for his media life and
unless he's looking for a radical change
to that which would surprise me I don't
think he's going to even consider it but
it's a lot of fun isn't
it it's a lot of fun I I tell myself
okay like just game that out in your
mind
question number one would Trump do
better in the election if Tucker is his
vice president go would would he would
Trump do better in the
election almost all knows wow about 80%
knows on locals what do you think
YouTube oh YouTube is more yeses well
also lot of NOS I should have waited all
right more NOS than yeses so so a lot of
you don't think he would change the
outcome here here's why Tucker would be
a positive Tucker
is one of
the I'd
say top five best communicators in all
of politics would you agree with that
he's a top five best Communicator in all
of politics so therefore he some would
say and therefore he would be a good
vice presidential uh run mate here's
what I say you get all that for
free Tucker is still going to be talking
you still going to have a huge
platform no matter what and you know
he's going to be supportive of trump
because he said so directly so Trump can
get all the benefit of Tucker's
communication
Excellence without any of the
reputational harm of saying oh 10 years
ago Tucker did a thing oh 5 years ago
Tucker said this thing that could be
interpreted two ways he he could just
take all the good for free with none of
the
pain because if he could find a VP who
didn't have any of the controversy that
Tucker brings
naturally then he can get all of
Tucker's goodness plus a solid you know
backup candidate that helps him for his
age especially I think I think Trump has
to go
young because the age question will be
Salient if he gets
elected and um I think VI is more
obvious choice but we'll
see
um the competence crisis is real
apparently there's this case going on to
see if Trump should be denied being on
the ballot in some states so Colorado is
looking at that and the Colorado Supreme
Court Judge uh William Hood III said in
the process of uh discussing it and uh
judging it he said quote in some ways
January 6 uh seems like a poster child
for Insurrection in other words
indicating that the judge uh believes
that Insurrection is largely obviously
proven now is that bad
news if he thinks that the Insurrection
is sort of
obvious well it's bad news for this
judge
because it makes him look like an
idiot how how exactly is it obvious that
an unarmed trespass is anything more
than at best delaying a process for a
few hours or a few days you know may
maybe the Supreme Court has to look at
it that's it that that was the highest
level of risk a short delay Supreme
Court looks at it
rules how does a judge not understand
that that this is an incompetence
problem isn't it am I wrong to me this
looks like basic competence is just
missing yeah we'll
see
um now here's what I think about
Trump's uh language lately so I think
axios was pointing this out as well so
he's he's used language that his critics
are saying hey that's very well it's not
Hitler like but it's Hitler
adjacent well that's not quite dictator
talk but you're getting real
close well that's not exactly what the
Nazis say but it reminds me of them so
is he doing the dumbest thing in the
world by allowing people to frame him as
a dictator it it almost looks like he's
doing it intentionally especially when
he said um that he would would only be a
dictator for one day he said quote uh
we're closing the border and we're
drilling drilling drilling after that uh
I'm not a dictator so just one day I'll
just be a dictator for one day after
that not a dictator now when I first
heard it my first reaction was oh why
are you doing this like this is just the
worst idea his biggest problem is that
they're going to call him a dictator he
knows that so why would he use language
that most of us would recognize would
make you be label a dictator why would
you do that well I have a hypothesis I
don't know that it's true but it goes
like
this he might be playing what I call the
narrow Ravine strategy now this is one I
have used myself in the past and you
might recognize it from some of my past
the narrow Ravine means you allow your
enemies to Bunch up in in a place where
it's really easy to you know shoot down
and kill them so you're basically you're
Hing them into the most vulnerable place
for them while they believe they're
winning so the thing that gets them into
the narrow Ravine in the first place is
they say ahha we've got you trapped
you're going to be trapped in the narrow
Ravine and then they chase you down the
narrow Ravine but you've got all your
people on the top and they shoot down
into the narrow Ravine and kill him so
it's basically a trap the narrow Ravine
trap so we see him saying things which
are making his critics say oh salivate
salivate he keeps saying things that's
going to make it easy for
us easy for us to uh to take him out by
labeling him a dictator and so they're
like all right we got our plan everybody
everybody here's our plan we're going to
go full dictator on Trump he's making it
easy he keeps saying all these dictator
things and he
is what's another what what's another
reason he might be doing it well I think
he may have given you a little wink in a
nod when he said he would be a dictator
for one day just to get a couple of
things
done and here's what I think he's
telling you he's going to milk it
because there's nothing easier in theory
this doesn't mean he'll do it but in
theory there would be nothing easier to
persuade than to persuade people that he
wasn't a
dictator it could be the easiest thing
and the way you would do it is by
mocking it you just make a joke out of
it did he make a joke out of it when he
said oh I might be a dictator for one
day just one day yes yes he did that was
literally making light of it he never
gave it wait if he had said dictator why
I'm in favor of free speech and you guys
are against free speech and here are my
three other reasons why I'm not a
dictator and what would the audience
hear dictator dictator dictator well
you're very defensive aren't you you you
you seem very defensive about this
dictator thing why are you so defensive
you know why why does this attack really
get under your skin you know why why are
you melting down over this must be true
because the way you're reacting to it
right that would be the mistake it's
also the way a classic politician would
respond I'm no dictator the other side
might be acting more like dictators than
me let me give you these laundry list of
reasons doesn't work at all but what are
they reporting about it they're they
actually axios literally
reported it was a wink and a
nod
the the news actually picked up that
that it was a wink in a nod now a wink
in a nod is not
mockery but it's a
signal that it's
coming oh it's
coming I think that he's playing the
narrow Ravine followed by the mockery
cannons I think the mockery cannons are
are uh just on hold and once he gets the
Democrats do fully commit and it might
even be months from now I mean it could
be next summer just let them just call
him a dictator while he's leading in the
polls because as long as he's leading
the polls everything's
good gets his nomination over the summer
and then goes full mockery cannons on
the only thing that they've accused him
for for a year and they're going to say
 it's not working and
they're going to have to come up with
something new at the last minute which
is always a tough tough thing
so I think he's leading them into the
narrow Ravine on this dictator thing
because objectively speaking If he if he
eventually mocks it and then people
start looking at you know the opposite
evidence that maybe it's the Democrats
were the the power hungry
people to me it's looking like it might
be a really strong play but there's a
lot of assumptions I'm making my first
assumption is that he's fully
aware of what he's doing and that it's a
narrow Ravine play I think the the wink
and the nod about dictator for a
day does tell you that he's not going to
take it
seriously and that he's going to keep it
in that frame and if he keeps pushing
that frame it's going to be glorious
it's going to be
glorious all
right meanwhile uh I guess there are
more voting machine company lawsuits
against uh I guess smart mtic is going
after Mike Lindell for his claims about
uh their machines they're going after
Newsmax and then Dominion is also going
after
Newsmax so all that action might happen
over the summer which
would um potentially being embarrassing
I guess but the other thing is em
embarrassing for Trump I suppose but the
other possibility is that there will be
a lot of
Discovery why is it that nobody's
required the voting machine companies to
show us
their um
code I see this is the part I don't
understand may maybe somebody can
explain this if somebody's a lawyer if
I'm a lawyer and I say if I've made an
accusation that that your voting
machines um
cheated and then they sue me because
there's no evidence that they cheated
which is the case
you no no convincing evidence that I'm
aware
of doesn't Mike Lindell have every right
to make them show all of their
proprietary
software and if they don't show their
proprietary software doesn't he
win because he makes a claim that they
can't disprove without showing their
software and they can't do that because
it's
proprietary the the worst that they
could prove
is that he hasn't proven his
claim but I think in order for him to be
guilty they have to sort of prove that
it's not true do I have that right that
in order to Prevail they have to prove
that his claim is false how do they do
that unless they show their unless they
uh open themselves up for a full audit
and that's never going to
happen how how did they prove that they
couldn't have changed it without being
detected unless they show every part of
their
system there is a possibility that these
voting machine
companies are being encouraged by the
Democrats to do what they're doing
because it looks bad for
Trump it's a possibility that the people
who least want this law these lawsuits
are dominion and
smartmatic they might not want to do
this but they might have a lot of
pressure from people who make decisions
about what voting machines get put into
what areas so in other words their
customers might be pushing them their
customers meaning
Democrats
so here's what I would look for I would
look for the answer to this question
does this open up the uh the machine
companies to Greater scrutiny than they
would ever agree
to it's a big question isn't it I don't
know the answer to it so I'm looking for
actually maybe some wisdom
here all
right
um now here's interesting news
apparently the Saudis and France are
talking sort of privately about how to
figure out what to do with
Gaza after the the fighting stops
now do any of you remember I said the
best solution might be to get a Saudi
Arabia involved in the the endstate
solution because and and that maybe it's
part of a larger deal to normalize
relations did I say that in public or am
I imagining
it I need a fact check I did say that in
public right and it looks like it's
happening to me this was the
most productive possibility doesn't mean
it'll work but the most productive
possibility is that Saudi wants to do a
deal presumably in which you know they
normalize relationships with Israel for
for purely Financial basic obvious
reasons right it's just in saudi's best
interest and I think they have a leader
that could get it
done so if they're looking to make a
breakthrough in the larger piece for the
area which the Saudis would like
wouldn't don't you think the Crown
Prince would like to elevate his status
in the region by being a
peacemaker can you imagine anything that
would be better for Saudi Arabia and
better for the Crown Prince than to be
seen as the the person who finally
pulled something together that
worked there's nothing there's nothing
that would be better for Saudi Arabia
nothing in my opinion but I'm not very
good as an expert at the Middle East but
to me it looks like it'd be the best
thing so that might be productive we'll
see but the uh initial offer looks like
a loser uh the rumor is that what the
reported plan would be or at least this
is you know maybe the working
conversation about what it might be is
they would strip Gaza of
arms
um which I don't know if that's even
possible do you think you could keep
heavy weapons out of Gaza even no matter
how hard you tried I don't know
maybe set up local governance well what
is local
governance what is local governance
because there's no way that Israel is
going to you know abdicate control so
does that mean that they have a local
government but the security is still
handled by others cuz it's who handles
the security who who is in
charge so that part is
unstated uh and to unlock Israeli prison
doors and let 5,000 prisoners out and
that maybe this has to do more with
normalizing relationships with Israel
that might be the big play here anyway I
don't know if any of this will be useful
but it's exactly the right
conversation um and uh to me it looks
like the most fruitful path there are 50
interns were now put together a letter
uh interns in the White House against
Joe Biden's uh handling of Israel and
Hamas and uh says that they're ignoring
the pleas of the American people blah
blah blah how how many inter are there
40 interns not 50 how many interns are
there uh in the White
House are there more than 40
interns that that sounds like a lot of
interns that sounds like too many
doesn't
it all right
um so I love this because it's another
example of uh I'm guessing that these
interns are very diverse you want to
make a guess do you think the the
interns are a little extra
diverse so they probably have some Dei
um some Dei uh let's say objectives when
they got their interns and now they have
40 of them that object to the
administration that hired them in a
pretty significant way so it makes me
wonder if they think that worked out for
them so we'll see how that
goes um the Texan which is a publication
reports that uh I guess Texas the
Attorney General uh Texas Attorney
General is ass suing the government for
weaponizing censorship against the daily
wire and the Federalist so the daily
wire and the Federalist I guess are the
would they be the plaintiffs do I have
that right in other words in order for
the suit to have meaning there has to be
victims so I think they would represent
the victims I think that's how it works
and the idea would be that uh the uh the
Democrats um put together a censorship
architecture of these fake cutouts Etc
and
influenced uh social media companies for
the purpose of
censorship what do you think about this
I think this has a good
chance because as far as I know the the
factual basis for this lawsuit is well
demonstr ated and now public meaning
that you know from the Twitter files and
basically everything that Michael
shellenberger is doing and Matt
taibe as and uh yeah and Congress I
think they have enough evidence to make
this
case I think they do so this will be
interesting Texas to the rescue
again
huh so we'll see
we shall see I think that's
important all
right uh yeah Mike Ben is the the best
voice on the uh what do they call it the
censor censorship industrial complex I
call it the brainwashing industrial
complex I think
censorship well that gets to the
Constitutional question the best you
know cuz the government can't do
censorship I think that if you want to
understand it on the sort of common
sensical level it's not
censorship on the on the Practical level
it's
brainwashing they don't just want some
people not to talk they want to change
what you think and so brainwashing is
the
scarier
crime that the censorship is sort of how
you get to the crime but the crime is
the brainwashing it's just that the
constitutional part is the
censorship all
right um censorship or
deprogramming uh let's see I'm being
prompted to talk about Congressman
Thomas
Massie all right let me tell you what
I've learned so Breitbart and uh Joel
Pollock in particular
uh was giving Thomas Massie some heat
for a meme that used Z Zion was part of
the mean and I said to well I said here
um I don't really see where that was
anti-semitic so here's the
counterargument so if you want to
understand how anybody would see that as
anti-semitic here's the counter
argument that that language is more
commonly used
by uh uh let's say the worst racists on
the right who believe that uh the word
Zion is closer to a global Jewish
conspiracy idea and not what the
dictionary tells you because the
dictionary just says it's about uh
Israel's statehood and supporting it
right so I looked at all the definitions
and the definitions were all the same
it's just about Israel being a state and
sporting it so I thought well what's
wrong with using that
word if every definition is a perfectly
innocent definition what's wrong but all
words mean something in context only
would you agree words don't have just a
meaning and a context every word in
fact that was a big point in my book
reframe your brain one of one of the
chapters makes a big point of this words
take on um meaning beyond the word so
you can look at the dictionary and there
will be the base meaning but that's not
everything the word means right we we
put Power into words and because a
certain group of people have used that
Zion word as part of their Ultra
anti-semitic uh
narrative that anybody else who uses it
is whether they like it or not is taking
be on all that weight so we could argue
all day about the specific definition of
the word but it does have the effect of
giving some um let's say giving some
oxygen to the worst anti-semitic parts
of the country so if you want to stop
somebody from giving oxygen to the worst
people in the
world you call it out when they use the
word just so people know there there's
sort of a line here
gurgle I'm just telling you both sides
right if you want to know what side I
take I take the I take the side of
Thomas Massie because he used the words
the way the dictionary uses them he's a
nerd and nerds use words the way the
dictionary uses them and and I think
that's the whole story now but is it
also fair for somebody to point out that
you're getting real close to that line
that you don't want to give any Oxygen
to yes it is absolutely fair to point
out that those words carry more meaning
than the speaker may have
intended that is
fair right but I but I but I'm always
going to side with the Free Speech if
you're using an English word in an
English word way to make a point that's
not
racist I'm okay with that but I'm also
I'm also okay with warning somebody that
they're getting close to a line that's
okay
too can I agree with both of
them I'm going to agree with both of
them today all right but largely because
I like both of them personally have you
ever notice how hard it is to disagree
with somebody you
like right so I love Joel Pollock and I
love Thomas Massie so I'm just going to
agree with both of them and move
on all right
um did you watch the squid games no I've
never seen the squid games it doesn't
look like something I'd like I don't
know um yeah all right I'm seeing lots
of reactions here but I think we've done
the job that we wanted to do today oh my
God more than more than enough uh
YouTube thanks for joining I enjoyed I
enjoyed you and we'll see you tomorrow
bye for now