pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
where is everybody come on in here
Troy Carl grab your containers Beth Duke
or Duke fight master Donna that I know
you're already with your beverages be it
in a glass or a cup or a mug could be a
tankard or a chalice could be maybe a
thermos or a flask but it doesn't matter
just filling with your favorite liquid
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure that I call the simultaneous
mmm oh yeah good stuff all right well we
got a lot to talk about today you all
know that I've been talking about thee
what I call the slaughter meter the
slaughter meter is a measure of how the
election will go and whether President
Trump will win by a small slaughter or a
large slaughter and I update it based on
current events so it's not really a
prediction it's more it's more like a
moment in time in which the current
conditions if they were to continue
until the end would give you that result
but of course things always change so
it's not a prediction it's just sort of
a if nothing changed this is where you'd
end up
I have downgraded the slaughter meter
from a hundred and forty percent where I
said to myself the competition for
presidency is so weak that I couldn't
imagine any situation other than Trump
dominating the election I've reset that
to zero so at my my current thinking is
that the president has no chance of
reelection now remember the slaughter
meter is if nothing changes but of
course things will change so you don't
have to worry that this necessarily will
be the condition on Election Day but the
current situation would give him no
chance of way
and here's the current situation I'll
just give you some anecdotes there is a
topic that I can't mention that is
removed from YouTube whatever an
individual is mentioned in the positive
elect I can't even say the name of the
person because these videos will be
removed from the internet now I don't
have much interest in that actual topic
I don't even have an opinion on it and
I'm not really informed but it is true
that we now live in the world in which a
major platform can completely stop a
topic and it's okay it's okay there is
legal apparently you can make an entire
topic leave the news and it's okay now
in that world can you ever expect a fair
election where the social media people
do not put their finger on the thought
well I would say that's pretty unusual
we see people like Dave Rubin being
demonetized
a lot of my I'd say a hundred of my
videos were demonetized
if you if I ask the reasons for it and I
haven't I'm sure there would be some
reason that didn't sound very convincing
to me
but the things demonetised
coincidentally are the same things that
would be the most damaging to the
democrats might be a coincidence but I
don't know now as I've said recently the
fact that even with my resources all
right I have lots of connections
I know people who work at every platform
I have I have the time I've got I've got
the will I have every resource you would
need to determine whether I'm shadow
band or my sudden D monetization and and
lack of exposure is some kind of just a
normal you know normal cyclical seasonal
thing who knows the fact that I can't
determine that and there's no Mac
for me to determine that means that
there is no oversight on the most
important lever of our democracy you
think about this you know how much
access I have I have a lot of access
everywhere I just by virtue of
visibility and the fact I know a lot of
people love a certain age I have a
certain amount of money I have a lot of
access and have a lot of capability both
personally and people like it and I
could employ or ask for help and even I
have a zero visibility on whether my
social media experience is being biased
in any way by people who have their
fingers on it can't tell and if I can't
tell nobody can tell all right here's
another one YouTube apparently removed
what they call the doctored videos of
Pelosi seeming to slur her speech the
argument given is that it's a doctored
video just think about that what other
videos are doctored to give you an
impression that is not exactly what
reality is I don't even have to finish
the sentence right if that standard
holds and it looks like it will I don't
see any pushback
it looks like YouTube will be able to
say we think this video is wait for it
misleading because of the way it's
edited now of course the video there
does there does seem to be some evidence
that at least one video of Pelosi
apparently slurring your speech was
slowed down but here's the interesting
thing the thing that started this all
was probably somebody like Robbie
Starbuck mentioning that the actual
video then not the one who said it
but the actual video the real live on
edited video of Pelosi talking about
Trump and the infrastructure meeting
sounded like she was drunk
now that's an opinion I'm not saying
that it sounded like she was drunk to be
you know I could easily see the she was
old and tired and people slur and it
doesn't mean as much as we like to think
it is but it seems as CNN and other
other entities are trying to conflate
the videos that are doctored with the
ones that are not doctored and said the
same message the undoctored ones are
just as compelling as the one they claim
is doctored but when they claim it's
doctored that they don't show the
undoctored one at the same time at least
on CNN's website
I understand they may have shown it in
on on the air at one point but if you
say that this one is slowed down and you
have access to the real one because
you're in the news if you're the news
you have access to the real video it's
yours if you don't show the full speed
one on the same page as the slowed down
one what are we to make of that that's
sort of a large oversight so consider
the fact that YouTube it could remove
the video because in their editorial
opinion it was doctored that's pretty
much every story about everything and
you know what I could give you an
example of something else that was
doctored
video on a topic that if I even
mentioned the topic this video that I'm
making right now will be demonetized
once it's uploaded to YouTube it won't
be demonetized on twitter think about
that there there's two topics there are
two topics just today that are topical
and it involved just you know things
that I would normally talk about and I
can't even say
the words even forget about text forget
about titles I can't even say the words
because if I say them I'm worried that
the the speech-to-text thing will pick
it up and I'll be demonetised think
about that is in that world and let me
let me paint the picture a little bit
more completely here every day I hear
from people who say they had to follow
me on Twitter for the fourth or fifth
time because they get unfollowed
automatically if any of you have ever
been unfollowed automatically you have
people you were if you were following me
and you ever got unfollowed
automatically so you had to go back and
follow me again say so in the comments I
want to see if there are any other
people out there who got that same
problem but and by the way I don't
necessarily think that's real I don't
have an opinion one way or the other I
do think that there's some amount of
confirmation bias that would be very
large that would make us think we're
seeing things where there there's
nothing to see so clearly you yet you
have to account for the fact a lot of it
would be just in your imagination but I
have somebody else say yes so look at
the yeses as they go by in the screen so
oh my god okay I didn't expect I would
see this many yeses holy cow Jackie
watching this look at the yeses coming
by in the in the feed the number of
people who followed me and then got
unfollowed which is not really something
that you would forget I mean you'd
remember it holy cow
somebody said it happened two times
somebody says four times
somebody got unfollowed for me four
times
same with falling deer and Crenshaw
somebody said alright well so you can
see the problem can you not now again I
want to I want to take it out of the
weeds you know the weeds here are
whether or not I'm being shadow banned
or something so that's the weights the
higher level which is the part we can
focus on because we could never really
determine if I'm being shadow banned or
it just seems like in or its
confirmation bias or its system error
yeah we will never know my god look at
all the yeses I'm a little bit
frightened by this only how are the rest
of you save this watch the comments I am
a little bit speechless okay honestly I
thought I'd get two or three people
saying yes I'm seeing dozens of people
who were it just happened to be on this
periscope so you know it's filtered by
people who happen to be on the periscope
which is a very small population
compared to my 350 and thousand
followers whoa
it has been videoed so people have
videotaped them being following and then
having it unfollowed Wow holy cow all
right hey I'm sorry I was a little
speechless there for a moment I think I
may remain but let me finish my point
because this is all very relevant to it
so if you go back to pre 2016 the social
media companies didn't see what was
happening in other words they may have
been trying to you know put their finger
on the on the scale a little bit but the
thing that these social media companies
didn't see coming is what I call the
island of misfit toys Trump supporters
all over were this weird collection of
I've just weirdos yeah and oddballs and
I would put myself squarely in the
center of that population because nobody
really saw me coming right
no nobody really saw that cartoonist
would start spending all this time
talking about Trump's persuasion
abilities which would probably change
thousands of votes basically I've
actually act asked people online on a
survey how many people change their vote
from following me and it was I think
1,500 people said yes and that's just
how many people you know assume that not
many people saw the tweet and not many
people answered the tweet and 5200
people said yes I voted for Trump
because of following you you said he was
persuasive and I like that I like that
framing now now multiplied me by all of
the other misfits and I say this was
love because I'm putting putting myself
in this category there was this weird
spontaneous outgrowth of misfits who
were unusually effective the thing about
all the misfits and and again I'm
including myself in this group is that
many of the misfits were super
influential I'll I can't even I was just
gonna say a name of somebody who would
get me demonetized
you probably know who it is but there
are several names of people whose names
I won't even mention because I'll get
demonetized
who were very very influential in the
outcome and I think it caught everybody
by surprise everybody thought Hillary
would you know just waltz into the into
the office but that surprise factor
doesn't exist for this next election
consider if you will the Silicon Valley
is they're all about a/b testing and
releasing the new version and continuous
improvement do you think that they're
gonna get caught off guard again there
isn't any way
this that the platform owners will be
caught off guard again they won't be
caught off guard again this time they're
going to be prepared and they've had a
lot of time to prepare four years of the
smartest people in the world trying to
figure out how to had a hide behavior
then nobody can find you keep in mind
it's not too hard to hide because
there's no access even I with tremendous
amount of pull and resources I have no
visibility on whether my social media
traffic is real or manipulated not can
tell and if I can't tell you certainly
can't tell alright so here's the bottom
line I've moved the slogan reader to
zero because the current situation is
that the social media platforms do
absolutely have enough influence to
change an election is there anybody who
doesn't think that's true is there
anybody who doesn't think social media
can determine the election if if they
were determined to do so I don't think
anybody believes that right it's clear
what they want to happen which is Trump
losing it's clear they've had four years
to fix their systems so that there are
less less obvious more subtle more
effective four years of technical
development the smartest people in the
world do you think they're gonna lose
this time maybe I mean anything's
possible
well I don't think so I don't think so I
think you give the smartest people in
the world who are super motivated how
motivated are the social media platforms
not a little bit motivated super super
motivated smartest people in the world
know exactly the problem they know
exactly the levers to move four years to
figure it out you think you're gonna
beat that you're not so
the current situation is the social
media has the levers we can't see them
they can push them it's clear which way
they're going to pull the lever no
chance of the president winning this
election under the current conditions so
a lot of things would have to change for
him to have be really any shot because
the whole democratic process is broken
down I loved that the White House
created that website where you can
report what you believe is social media
manipulation trouble is so many people
are going through report and social
media manipulation what can you do about
it
mmm some of them will be true some not
true it's just going to be this mess of
data that may be kind of hard to be to
be useful but maybe it'll get something
out of it who knows it's a very least
they'll get a they'll get a mailing list
out of it
speaking of the White House
Brad parse Cal launched the promises
kept website if you haven't seen it it's
really well done so my comment is not
just political in this in the sense but
the the user interface and just the
design of the website and really the
idea of it it's really really good so
for example you there's just a search
box where you can search to find out all
the things the president has done on any
topic so I went there and said
healthcare boom has showed I don't know
20 different initiatives in summary form
that you could find out more about that
the administration is done for
healthcare things you wouldn't have
known about so it's an amazing resource
if you're arguing on social media and
somebody says he hasn't done anything on
this topic can you say blah blah blah
blah here's here's here's what he's done
all right let's talk about I
I made a tweet yesterday that might end
up to be my most viral tweet and I know
it was effective because it activated
the professional trolls if you don't
know how to recognize the professional
trolls you just have to watch my account
whenever I have a tweet that is
insightful in the political sense and
hits a nerve when that happens there
apparently there's some kind of central
central source where all the trolls go
in the morning to find out who to bother
it's fairly obvious that they come in in
waves and they only come in when I say
certain effective things if I'm just
joking and I say something funny that
gets a lot of retweets nobody comes in
but if I say something that actually
looks like it could move the needle
reframe something makes you think of
something a different way then the then
the trolls come in they tend to have
cartoon profiles and or you know or
animals so it's either a comic or an
animal they always say the same thing
they they mocked me for being a
cartoonist without talking about
whatever the point is they say I'm
stupid without saying why it's very it's
all the same they've got you know fewer
than 300 followers and it's just obvious
that they're they're not real people or
their people pretending to be real
people so again I don't have any control
over these trolls and they are they
probably think they're effective but I
don't know so let's talk about some
other things that so the slaughter meter
is a zero because social media has their
fingers on the scales and there's no way
that for years didn't make them
effective enough to have any election
that they want or any election how come
I keep saying on social media Democrats
pretending they don't understand why
Trump won't show his tax returns
and I don't know what to make you that
because I can't understand if they're
actually that stupid or if they're new
sources have failed them that badly
because they act as though
hey if Trump won't show his tax returns
there's only one explanation only one he
must have illegal activities to which I
say to myself seriously that's the only
explanation you could think of because
you don't have any news sources you
haven't lived in the rural world you
haven't paid attention to anything
that's ever happened in any news about
politics ever since the history of time
that's the one reason you can think of
that's it no other possibilities nothing
comes to your mind as some other reason
why you might not want to release your
tax returns because I can think of a few
and they're pretty darn good would you
if you were if you were Trump would you
release your tax returns knowing that
they will be willfully misinterpreted
and that people the public won't know
the difference and they will believe
whatever the heck people tell them or in
those returns they're gonna say stuff
like well he lost money on this project
no it was probably a positive cash flow
will the public know the difference
between a real estate deal that looks
like it lost money on paper versus a
real estate deal that's really really
good because it's producing cash at the
same time it looks like a loss on paper
can the public tell the difference no
they can't can the public tell that
anything on a tax return is normal
versus abnormal no they can't showing
his taxes would be the dumbest thing he
ever did no matter what's in those taxes
all you have to know is that they're
complicated once you know they're
complicated you know that critics can
turn them into anything they want and
nobody will be able to check because
we're not smart enough sure sure sure
are the other networks that they don't
watch people will say oh they're
business
these I'm an accountant and the way they
say that what what they say about these
is not true the public isn't going to
see that they're not watching those new
sources they're watching their own silo
and in those silo it will be one punch
after another who doesn't understand how
taxes work describing you all the crimes
that they can see in these taxes that
aren't actually crimes and by the way
the IRS never never noticed so I say
this obviously I can't tell if the
Democrats who come after coming after me
on social media about this I actually
can't tell if they're stupid or they're
pretending to be stupid like they can't
see that possibility as being
gigantically important to the country
like to the fate of the country the
other thing they like to say is that the
president is not respecting the the
power of the of Congress for oversight
so they're acting like don't you know
there must be oversight to which I say
what is the president doing this against
the law I'm pretty sure the
administration is following the law
meaning that they're resisting they're
saying why they're resisting they know
that this will go to the courts it will
go to the courts just the way the system
is supposed to work and then the course
will make a decision and that almost
certainly everybody will obey the
Supreme Court I assume so at what point
is anybody not following the system as
written it's okay for them to disagree
that's exactly what the system is
supposed to do
it's we don't have a system where
Congress gets everything they want we
don't live in that system that was never
designed that way you wouldn't want to
live in it we have a system in which the
executive and the legislative branch are
in conflict sometimes
this is one of those times is built that
way everything's working just the way
the Constitution wrote it up if the
Supreme Court said you have to do X and
the administration decided not to do it
well somebody probably has to get
arrested okay but we're not there so
talking about the about Trump ignoring
the powers of the of the legislative
branch is not what's happening they're
supposed to have conflict he is
expressing that conflict the court might
have to resolve it business as usual
there's nothing unusual here if you
think that's the sign of a dictator
you're not paying attention all right
let's talk about Assange the Assange
story probably is going to go like every
other complicated story from the Muller
report to climb a science to everything
else that's complicated which is that
people who have strong opinions without
knowing the facts and I put myself
squarely in that camp I don't know if
I'll ever have all the facts
visage so I try to hold back a little
bit from trying to figure out you know
what my opinion this is because I feel
like there's stuff I don't know still
learning it but the essential question
is is can Assange be guilty of a crime
that is something that our regular press
does all the time which is publishing
things that other people stole that were
secret maybe but can you imagine being
on that trial
can you meet imagine being in the jury
do you think you can find 12 jurors
jurors do you think you can find 12 who
would did not unanimously say that
Assange has to go to jail for doing
something the New York Times does every
day and nobody has a problem with it
I don't think so I I think you know the
argument might be he's not a real
journalist or whatever but it's pretty
clear that you're not gonna get 12
people to say he's not a journalist or
not at least within that umbrella of
activity so I don't really understand
that now you have to also put on top of
that that he was asked not to
as I understand it subject to
fact-checking here as I understand that
Assange was asked by the intelligence
community not to publish the names of
sources he did anyway which caused
people possibly to be killed
now nobody could be a favor of that I'm
certainly not in favor of anybody
getting killed because somebody
published something it's the worst thing
in the world
so certainly no forgiving of that but
can we ever make that a standard can
society operate if the standard is that
the press is not able to publish things
that might harm people because I'm sure
that the press is publishing things that
could harm people every frickin day now
there are no two situations exactly like
so outing the names of Intel
intelligence people just sounds like the
worst possible thing and you'll get no
argument for me that does sound like the
worst possible thing but the regular
press writes stories every day which
could get keep people killed ended and
they do and it's stories in which you
would know that you're exposing people
in other words if you do a story about
somebody who did something terrible the
odds that that person will be abused by
the public are very very high did we
have a right to know that story well
sure did the press have a right to
report it yeah they did was any crime
committed nope not really
but did that
story have the legitimate risk that you
could clearly see it in advance could
cause somebody some physical harm yeah
that's normal
let's sort of how the news works it
changes how people feel the changes how
people act and sometimes it gets people
killed so I don't know that we can ever
have that standard and so this is all
leading me to the following conspiracy
theory thoughts do you ready for it
before I say this let me let me say in
the clearest possible language I'm not
saying this is what's happening I'm
saying you can't rule it out based on
the evidence here's the here's what you
can't rule out it almost looks like the
government might have an intention of
laundering Assange through the legal
system so they goes through the legal
system and comes out the other side not
guilty why would they want to do that
well think about it the best possible
play is that you find out what Assange
is willing to tell you but you don't
give him a deal you can't give him a
deal because the the public cares too
much he got people killed allegedly I
don't know if that's true but allegedly
he got people killed that we did not
want get killed
he got Patriots killed he doesn't he's
not an American citizen he did something
that got American patriots killed
allegedly I don't know how directly or
how true that is so you can't really
just offer him a deal and say oh we'll
let you go free just give us an
information that just doesn't work
politically but what you could do is you
could say here's the deal
Assange we're going to push you through
the legal system and we're going to
charge you with things that no way in
hell you're ever going to get
because there's no way in hell anybody's
gonna say the New York Times can do this
but you can't some people may say it but
you'll never get a jury of 12 people to
say it likewise the fact that somebody
got killed because of it probably never
could be a standard because again New
York Times and other other news people
have probably done the same thing
probably will do the same thing and we
recognize that it's not not a violation
so it makes me at least wonder if the
big play here is to make a deal with him
in which he does go through the legal
system with risk it's not risk-free but
the risk is low enough that it might be
his best option you might say push me
through the legal system make sure that
the charges of the kind no jury will
ever will ever find unanimity on and in
return I'll tell you some stuff maybe
I'm not saying that's for sure what's
happening but I would say it would be
compatible with the facts as we've seen
them that's all I can say for sure all
right
I had a tweet I was very proud of
yesterday I said I don't know if Pelosi
is crazy as Trump suggests that's his
new nickname nickname for her I guess
crazy I don't know if Pelosi is crazy as
Trump suggests but she did just start a
public insult war with the best public
insult er in the solar system so that's
kind of crazy now Trump of course was
behind the tweeting of the compilation a
video where Pelosi looked like she was
drunk but that was the video the YouTube
is claiming and experts are claiming was
slowed down by 75% let me ask you this
if something was slowed down by 75%
wouldn't it be obvious maybe not I'm no
expert on slowing down audio
but if that uc-berkeley expert was
accurate and that video was slowed down
75% I feel like I would have noticed
that don't you Phil Phil they said 75%
slower now he might have said they meant
he may have meant as 75 percent speed
which I would believe no III could
easily believe I wouldn't notice 25%
I don't believe wouldn't notice 75%
somebody in the comments is prompting me
to remind you that the slowdown videos
the ones who were allegedly slowed down
are actually different times in place
then the the original videos that are
the recent ones which she was talking
about the infrastructure and even that
it's normal speed she sounds a little
drunk so so the news is trying to
conflate them like it's all one thing
which it is all right let's talk about
so Trump has issued a memo saying that
the attorney bar can release any
documents relating to surveillance of
the Trump campaign in 2016 that's good
politics but there isn't much else to
say about it we have to see what we're
going to see all right let's talk about
a or C and the president both a or C and
the president like to say that the
weather it tells you something about
climate change and of course the weather
doesn't tell you that a or C just got
some pushback as she was talking about
the tornado warnings and she said she
blamed it on climate change and of
course climate experts said no that's
not necessarily climate change that's
more like the weather President Trump
does the same thing and it made me think
it made me think you could probably
solve a lot of problems by putting Trump
and a or C in the same room think about
it if you put Trump and they have C in
the same room and said all right let's
talk about climate change
they would probably both say you know I
think nuclear has to be part of this
because ABC actually said that and you
know the president has no problem with
nuclear that we know of the
administration seems to be pro nuclear
so we've got this gigantic problem where
if you just took a OC and president
Truong put him in the same room and said
can you figure out this whole climate
change thing they would end up with the
same solution and it would be kind of
fun from from a simulation perspective
and from the fact that the the
considering that the government is now
sort of a reality show they could
actually solve climate change in
probably twenty minutes they just have
to meet the two of them get all the get
everybody on the side of the room and
say look you two what would you do about
this the president says I'm not so sure
I'm not so sure climate change is a real
problem
IOC says it's a big problem and then
they realize that the thing you would do
whether it's not a problem or it's the
biggest problem in the world it's
exactly the same it's exactly the same
you would push every energy source that
you could push as quickly as you could
push it within the bounds of you know
what's practical and affordable and
everything else and you would do that
whether climate change is a problem so
those two in the same room could solve
solve that in twenty minutes it'll never
happen but it's possible alright I've
got it I've got a theory I want to run
past you I'll save this for the end
because around the the people were just
tourists here I've already billed them I
have a theory about why some people feel
so strongly about this president why
some people seem to hate him with a
level of hatred that can't be explained
by just the facts yeah it's
typical that there's always two sides in
politics there's Democrats and
Republicans but the level of emotional
hatred is off the chart right and I have
a theory I think as I've been watching
the people who have the most complaints
with him and I'm going to make a
distinction here when I see dancey
Pelosi or Chuck Schumer talking about
the president do you get the sense that
they are personally and emotionally
bothered by him because I don't I don't
get that at all
when I see Pelosi you know experienced
professional or Schumer an experienced
professional talking about the president
it's just politics I don't see I don't
see any personal anything in there it
just looks like they're doing business
but when you see some other members of
Congress talking you know talking heads
on TV they don't seem like that they do
not seem like I'm just being a
politician I'm saying things because
this is what I do they seem like they've
got real emotional hatred that seems out
of and a whack with with the situation
somebody mentioned Bill Maher I'll throw
him in here too Bill Maher has a very
strong opinion which i think is you know
affected by the the news etc but I don't
feel that he has an irrational opinion
meaning that he doesn't look like he's
he's so emotionally invested other than
the fact I think he said he's had
personal problems with Trump he just
feels like professionally mad and maybe
something personal because he and Trump
has some some issues Sam Harris does not
seem crazy Sam Harris is a perfect
example of somebody seems like a
rational person well it doesn't seem
like a rational person Sam Harris is a
rational person who seems to be may be
influenced by the fake news
- you have you know maybe some let's say
perceptual bias but here's the point
that I've been taking too long to get to
there is a group of Americans and a
group of politicians who seemed to have
like a real emotional visceral hatred
that can't be explained by the facts of
evidence that doesn't seem to affect
people like Sam Harris Bill Maher Nancy
Pelosi Chuck Schumer they all seem to
just have opinions which is fair there
are a lot of people and here's my
controversial point I believe a lot of
people have experienced being bullied in
their lives
people who have maybe a certain
appearance that is non-standard I'm
going to try to say this in the most
objective ways without getting personal
to anything if you see people on TV who
hate the president and you look at them
and you say okay I don't mean to be
unkind but that's probably a person who
got bullied a lot the people who have
been bullied seem to have the bully
reaction to him meaning that they feel
bullied they are reminded of being
bullied and is triggering something
really deep inside them and so my
hypothesis is this that although there
there can be reasonable people on both
sides of liking and disliking the
president just like reasonable people
are on both sides of every other
president plenty of reasonable people
but there is that there's a level of
people who seem to be in the I have been
bullied category because a personal
appearance could be anything and I'm not
talking about being bullied by the
president I'm talking about in their
life it could be the restlessly their
gender could be sexual preference it
could be anything but it does feel as
though the people who have been most
bullied in their life are are reading
all of that experience into the
president because he does present
himself as a big
insulting bully now there are people
like me who are largely immune to that
personality type meaning that my daily
experience is people bullying me all day
long on social media I was talking about
that earlier right today alone I guess a
dozen people have come in to simply
insult me personally they you know they
they call me old and ugly and stupid and
down men irrelevant and has-been and you
know just a cartoonist and 500 other
things so I get bullied all day long but
I also am a professional and none of it
means too much to me
so because bullying in my real life
doesn't really ever get to the core of
me
just sort of washes off and and I
haven't had substantial you know I don't
have any let's say I have no scars from
my past from being bullied I had bullies
but they met violent ends when I grew
I've said this before but when I grew up
it was accepted behavior to use violence
against the bully and so in the few
occasions that I had a bully I employed
violence and just like people said it
worked I don't recommend violence to
anybody anybody's listening it I'm just
saying it was a time in place in the
world in which you could be expected to
use violence against a bully and
everybody would be fine with that
you wouldn't even get in trouble
honestly you would not even get in
trouble for using violence against a
bully where I grew up so I did and it
worked so I don't have any scars about
bullies and it's probably why I can
accept the president's personality as
humorous when I completely understand if
somebody had a lifetime of getting
bullied imagine this you know it was it
you know if you take yourself out of the
the political model for a while just for
a moment take yourself and them up and
put yourself in the head
of somebody who had been bullied by
people like Trump you know what when it
really mattered when it really crushed
them could they feel okay about somebody
who reminds them of it and indeed is
bullying people every day I don't know
it's a lot to ask it's a lot to ask and
I do recognize that people are being
damaged by the experience I can tell you
that my own impression of what the the
president would bring to the job is that
the bullying is sort of part of the
package I wanted because it seemed to me
that this president brought a set of
skills not unlike what are those movies
taken you know the movies with what's
his name I can't remember but the movies
taken where there's the guy who has a
certain skill set of killing people
this president offered a certain set of
skills that included bullying people
that included pushing wherever he could
push that included using strength the a
Liam Neeson included using strength
against weakness and it seemed to me
that we're in a point in the world in
which that personality was exactly the
right personality to solve a number of
hard to solve problems now he might not
be the right personality for you know
after those problems are under control
you might need a certain personality to
solve the hardest problems because
somebody just has to be a bastard
sometimes somebody just has to be the
bastard and I said well there's somebody
who can be a bastard in fact he's
offering that he's saying it in direct
language I I will he didn't say this
direct language but effectively Trump
was offering to be the country's bully
he was offering to bully China he was
offering to bully Mexico he was offering
to bully the Democrats and a lot of
people said you know we could try that
like it might might be just what we need
and I was in that camp sorry I snorted
but I do have great empathy for people
who are experiencing this which I
imagine is quite traumatic
so I'm sorry my cats trying to ruin my
whole program here that's boo so this
cat tail is definitely getting in the
way all right that's all I got for now I
remind you that if you've not tried the
interface by wind hub app that my
company makes you should take a look at
it we if you go to when hub comm and
you've already signed up for the mobile
app interface by window that's free you
can grab that code on one hub comm
search for your name find the code
that's that refers to you stick it in to
your web page and you can have a button
that people can connect to donate money
to you or to pay you for your time or
even to talk to you for free if you
don't set up a price so if you want to
do tech support or any kind of advising
the best way to do it is if you already
have a social media presence use that
link or that button on your web page so
talk to your normal audience and you can
you can make money by inviting them to
talk to you in person or to donate if
you're doing something that makes sense
all right I will talk to you later