but um ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
hey everybody about in I've got a
different iPad and it gives me a
different look it's a little too bright
for some reason all right good morning
good morning pom pom pom pom pom does
everybody have their coffee their
beverage their chalice their mug because
it's time for the simultaneous hip join
me will you so it's gonna be at least
another week or so before I have my
split screen set up and when I get one
more cable I should be able to have a
split screen situation where I can show
you what's on the computer or half
people call in and then well then it's
gonna be fun
then we're gonna do some serious talking
to people who are more fun than I am all
right well we got a few things going on
how many of you so uh that Nike sales
went up reportedly 31% with this new
Kappa Kappa neck commercial now when you
hear something like that the first
question you should say to yourself is
31% what are you measuring and what's
that compared to and someone's smart on
Twitter said how does that compare to
any other time you launched a major new
advertising campaign to which I said
good question because the measurement is
not how did sales go with this
advertisement the question is how did
how did sales go with this advertisement
compared to other times they've launched
two major advertisement because we know
it's an advertising company and when
they advertise things get better now I
heard some expert who sounded quite
credible saying that Nikes target market
would love the Kaepernick kind of
message of racial equality and taking
risks and pain young and that sort of
thing and that might be right that might
be right so I could easily see that the
Kaepernick commercial could work for
Nike in both the short run in the long
run but do we know that yet
no we do not so the I would say the the
main takeaway is there's good reason to
believe that Nike just made a good
business decision even though you hate
it because if you're looking at Trump
supporters they're probably over a
certain age you know on average and
they're not buying a lot of Nike stuff
and the people who are buying a lot of
Nike stuff tend to be younger tend to be
perhaps a little a little more likely to
be Clinton supporters so we don't know
yet but I think Nike might come out of
this okay
which would be impressive you know even
if you don't like it you'd have to be
impressed if they pull this off as I'm
watching the story develop of the search
for the white house mole the person who
wrote the the editorial I'm struck by
several things one is I feel I have not
done my job for the next generation it
feels like people who are very familiar
with Dilbert cartoons don't make much of
somebody complaining about their boss
because when you complain about your
boss all you've shown is that it's a
normal situation then people are
complaining about their boss
so that's that's the first thing I feel
as if maybe young people maybe maybe
people in New York where a lot of the
media's they don't read Dilbert they
wouldn't be so surprised by somebody
trashing their boss now here are a few
more thoughts about this the person who
is trashing the president is someone who
did not become a billionaire you know
some would argue that was the easy part
but did not become president themselves
so the president has succeeded far more
than whoever is complaining about the
president so that's your first data
point the second data point is whoever
wrote this was dumb enough to think they
could remain anonymous probably right
now we can't read their mind but doesn't
it seem reasonable to assume that they
thought they would remain anonymous and
not get caught do you think that's
what's going to happen cuz I don't think
so
I think they're gonna catch this person
because that person didn't know
apparently that their writing style
would give them away didn't know that
there was almost certainly some way to
figure it out and it does pose a
national security risk I think the
president is entirely entirely right to
push hard against it now the president
mentioned using you know he mentioned
Jeff Sessions needs to look into it
and while while apparently well let me
ask you this is this what you've been
watching in terms of the coverage did it
did it look sort of like this some a
Trump person would say well you know
it's terrible that this person is
working on the White House staff and has
written this critical thing you know why
don't they just quit it should be
you know they should be fired for this
and then the anti-trump er says oh oh
are you suddenly saying that freedom of
speech is illegal and the Trump
supporter says no that wasn't even the
topic the topic was it's somebody who is
against the administration on the
administration staff and that's a
problem yeah oh
but suddenly freedom of speech is a
problem you can't write an article with
your own opinion win which there are no
state secrets nothing illegal about that
no Dale we're not talking about freedom
of speech that's a different topic we're
all on the same page on that we agree
anybody can write stuff as long as it
doesn't have any secrets for giving away
that's not the point
also why are you trying to get Jeff
Sessions to arrest somebody for freedom
of speech I'm not I'm not trying to do
that that's not the point
are you watching this doesn't it seem to
you that all of the news goes in that in
that in that pattern two separate
conversations where they both pretend
they're in one conversation but they're
not it's just two separate conversations
so that's fun to watch terrible acting
somebody said yes it is terrible acting
how many if you saw Obama's speech sort
of an anti-trump speech so Obama's
cranking it up I'll tell you my reaction
whether you love Obama or hate him he is
really good at this speech stuff he's
really good it's not an accident that he
got elected president and when I watched
him talk I think man he is one of the
best ever at you know captivating a
crowd and giving his speech but he's not
in trumps he's
in Trump's range you know Trump still is
is by himself at a higher higher level
but as number two he's a pretty good
number two I'll tell you and I was
watching him
I was watching Obama and I noticed that
you notice that the criticisms about
President Trump have started to fit into
a theme now some have pointed out that
the word dark is coming back again just
in time for the midterms Oh surprise
things are dark it's dark it's dark and
you'll notice that you haven't heard a
lot about Russia in the last couple of
weeks have you noticed that not a lot
about Russia because it looks like the
Russia thing fell apart and it doesn't
have any power for the midterms so no
matter what happens with the Russia
thing it's pretty obvious it's not
moving voters so they've changed tactics
with you know not that much time to go
before the midterms and watch this
pattern see if the president gets
criticized for things he's actually done
that didn't work out for the country
in other words actual policies or
decisions that didn't work out see if
that's what the criticism is or if the
criticism is things the president is
secretly thinking but we know what he's
thinking and you don't or speculation
about something he might do that he is
not done before you'll notice how it's
not so much things he's done because the
things he's done seem to be working out
so that's sort of off the table the
criticisms have come down to
misinterpretations of things he's done
such as Obama said how hard could it be
to denounce Nazis which leaves the
impression that the president has not
denounced nuts
which of course would be a lie but look
at the way the Obama words it
he awards it in a way that the he words
in it in a way that the fact checkers
would have a problem with it if Obama
had said the president has never
denounced you know the racists well that
would be false because the president has
denounced them many many times in public
so instead Obama says how hard is it to
denounce Nazis it's a question and the
answer is it's not very hard at all
Trump did it Obama did it everybody did
it but it leaves you with the impression
that the president won't do it or hasn't
done it which is just a lie but it's a
lie in the form of a question which
allows him to slide past the fact
checkers when I tell you that Obama is
good at this he's really really good at
this
I mean it's weaselly if it's just
persuasion it's not facts but he's good
at it so look for that
then there's the hilarious question of
when when does the Trump economy start
and when to the Obama economy end and I
think we should just make a deal let's
just make a deal yeah people who don't
like Trump pick a day oh wait
pick a day pick a day that you're
willing to say okay now it's a little
bit more of the Trump economy I'll give
you that it's been long enough is it two
years is it three years is it the in
fight is it the entire first term pick a
day all wait just pick whatever day you
want and then we can decide that that's
when the Obama economy economy ended
let's talk about getting out the vote
doesn't seem to you that the main thing
will be getting out the vote and then if
you don't get out the vote and maybe
that
includes registering new people that
you're not going to win the midterms and
I was trying to think what is it that
persuasion wise what would be the most
effective way for Trump supporters to
get out the vote what did they do that
would make a difference and most of the
persuasion that I'm seeing is sort of
mass persuasion and it's done correctly
it's mass persuasion this way if you
don't vote this way bad things will
happen you know here's some fear make
sure that you're afraid so you go to
vote make sure that you're worried so
you've got a vote and that stuff works
so that the mass persuasion does work
but what could you do that would be more
powerful than that well the more
powerful thing you could do is to
encourage all Trump supporters to see if
they can get one extra chump supporter
to vote either by registering somebody
you are giving somebody a ride if they
don't have a ride just one
so we're alternately getting one Trump
hater to stay home I guess as long as
it's Italy long as it is legal I guess
it works out the same so I would say
that for Trump supporters the very
strongest thing they could do just to
say can I give you a ride do you want to
go together find somebody who's on the
fence or wasn't gonna vote or could
register between now and then and say
can I get one person just one person to
vote who's gonna vote Trump or vote
Republican I guess so that would be my
my recommendation is for you
individually if you're individually
worried about it try to find one person
you can drive or one person who wants to
go out and have
with you after or one person who's let's
say you know kids you can watch while
they vote one person who you can invite
over to you know to have a drink
afterwards or it's a barbecue afterwards
or something try to get one person that
would be my my advice we vote by mail
yeah how does that work can everybody
vote by mail uh since I'm not a voter
that's it's a dumb question can
everybody vote by mail or is there a
limit on that old people vote a lot
let's talk about Elon Musk
so Elon Musk went on the Joe Rogan show
smoked a joint and what I stay smoked a
joint
I believe he took one puff let's call it
a toke
and may have had some whiskey both those
things are illegal in California and
apparently Tesla stock went down 6% now
some of you might know that I also went
on the Joe Rogan show and smoked a joint
and my stock did not go down because I
am NOT the CEO of a major company and
nobody was worrying about my sanity at
the moment but my guess is that it had
more to do with the other stories about
him so it was just a it was a visual for
the first time it was a visual
confirmation of stories that people had
heard and even though the taking one hit
on a joint was of no importance
whatsoever this is how unimportant it
was the context was that he doesn't
smoke marijuana that was the whole
context so the context was that Elon
Musk doesn't like it because it makes
you lazy and unproductive
in his opinion now he works
apparently he works until he falls
asleep on the factory floor famously so
so he's got a whole you know I guess an
image he's projecting of insanely hard
work because it helps his employees
become insanely hard workers as well and
so I don't think the his stock went down
because of what he did I'm Joe Rogan per
se
his stock probably went down because
what he did on Joe Rogan gave people a
visual image they got you know passed
around a lot that reminded them of the
other things that were the stories about
him you know the other alleged erratic
behaviors so it's the weird situation
where he didn't really get in that much
trouble for the stories that sound
important but the one that was
unimportant completely unimportant it
had a visual element you can see that
the visual element again overwhelms
every every other element so keep
looking for that when the visual element
overwhelms it's been dropping all week
so yeah it could be that the the drop is
just part of a larger decline but a six
percent drop in one day that's it would
be unusual that that was just gonna
happen anyway alright pay attention to
the to Tesla executives they quit yeah
that's an important data point but we
don't know about what the reason was
what's up we're sort of at somebody says
I don't know you'd have to ask might be
running for Congress pretty soon which
would be the most interesting thing that
ever happened mike sort of Achor
congress would be one of the most
interesting things you've ever seen in
your life that much I can tell you
too much light on your face yeah you
know I've got most of the lights out I'm
actually I'm actually in a darkened room
my other iPad doesn't light me this way
so I think I'm gonna have to experiment
a little bit with that but I'm actually
in a dark room right now yeah you you
wouldn't want to be doing work in a room
that this is this dark so I have to
figure that out
predictions for the midterms
well my predictions for the midterm
remains the one that I made in January
which was that the Republicans would do
better than whatever people thought they
would do it in January so it's gonna be
tighter than we thought
a year ago but that doesn't mean that
Republicans will prevail the only way I
can see that happening is if Republicans
are unusually good on turnout somebody's
saying that my that I'm focusing on
something over this shoulder I don't
think that's the problem if I change the
focus doesn't really change anything
does it
[Music]
the Candace I wouldn't documentary
somebody's just asking me about yeah why
is this light terrible I guess I just
will use this this iPad for some minutes
it looked first of all Candace Owens
just keeps getting better and better
doesn't she you know on camera her
on-camera experience you can you can see
it you know just compiling and compiling
so she just gets better and better on
camera
click my face on the screen somebody
said now that doesn't work on this
application I radiate light yeah now
tapping my face I'm tapping it right now
you can't tell
cuz you get
you tap
I've been tapping once doesn't make any
difference
turn on the room light oh that makes
sense I should have more light not less
all right I'll experiment with that all
right enough of the technical work here
I'm going to go do something else and I
will talk to you later