Bo hey everybody come on in here grab
your
beverage because it's time for coffee
with Scott Adams I'm Scott Adams and if
you're prepared you have your cup your
chalice your Stein your therm you have
filled it with your favorite liquid and
you are prepared to enjoy the
unparalleled pleasure that I like to
call the simultaneous sip ready join me
for the simultaneous
sip now if you've had the simultaneous
sip
before and you don't make
the sound right after well you missing
something let me tell you that if you
just let it out just let it
out cuz you wouldn't have a beverage you
didn't want to drink so you know you
enjoy it let's talk about the news my
favorite stupid news is you remember the
story about the man who was hiking and
he was attacked by a mountain lion and
he wrestled that mountain lion and
strangled it with his own bare hands do
you remember that story that was totally
true true
right well it turns out it wasn't so
much of a mountain
lion as it was more of a mountain kitten
cuz apparently it was only 24 lb and it
was basically a kitten he strangled a
kitten now it was 24 lb to put that in
context that is double the size of my
last cat my house cat now my last house
cat was pretty big so I'm not I'm not
saying the 24 lbs of a fighting animal
is
nothing but it was a little exaggerated
that's all a little exaggerated I would
like to think that I could beat up a 24b
animal uh you know I don't like to brag
but I could probably beat up a 24b
animal I'll bet I would win
85% of the time all
right let's talk
about um there's an article in CNN I
want to talk about some loser think now
loser
think is um the way I Define loser think
is that it doesn't mean you're
stupid and it doesn't mean you're
ignorant in you know in a some normal
way loser think is something that even
smart people can experience and it has
to do with not having experience across
different Realms so in other words if
you were only an artist and that's all
you knew you could be very smart and
still be a flagrant loser thinker
likewise you could be just an engineer
and you could have different blind spots
but if you have experience across a
number of domains and they happen to be
the domains that are good at making
decisions you probably have a better
view of the world so for example if you
had some experience you don't have to be
an expert but some experience with say
business and economics and psychology
let's say engineering you knew a little
bit about science you you studied a
little psychology took a little logic
you know those are the types of classes
or experiences that would teach you how
to make better decisions because you've
seen the thinking styles of a variety of
different fields all right so when I
talk about loser think I'm not talking
about dumb and I'm not talking about
somebody who's uneducated I'm talking
about someone who doesn't have a view
across disciplines and that can blind
you to some obvious things best
example um for those of you who read my
book wi bigley and or followed my uh
blogging and periscoping during the
election and many of you were for the
first time exposed to the field of
persuasion
now that's you could say that's a sub
field of psychology I suppose but
they're a little bit different they're
very different but they
overlap and I think a lot of you had the
experience of seeing the world more
clearly because you had one extra
discipline now you didn't have to be
some expert in Persuasion you just had
to read a book that talked about some of
the big the big themes and that was
enough that would be true of Economics
as well you would not have to be an
economics major to be exposed to things
like uh um you know supply and demand
you know economics has mostly easy
concepts with difficult math that you
can ignore for the most part
so with that setup I'm going to talk
about a couple of examples of loser
think
unproductive Thinking by Otherwise smart
people one is an article in CNN
in
which in which uh let's see I want to
get the name of the person oh it doesn't
matter it really doesn't matter who
wrote the article there was a AF I think
an African-American man who wrote an
article and by the way it doesn't matter
so for the purpose of the story it
doesn't matter if this is an
African-American man but based on the
icon I think it was uh maybe it does
matter let's say it does matter to the
story and the the story said that um it
talked about why it's such a bad idea
for white people to defend themselves
from charges of
racism by claiming they have a black
friend now most of you are aware of this
that if somebody says hey you're a
racist and you say I'm not a racist look
at my look at my black friend generally
that is considered something that is
mockable in other words you've you've
made a joke of yourself
by defending yourself in that specific
way so from the perspective of black
people you just made the worst
defense that could be made it's the most
laughable
defense so is it a good idea to use that
defense no it's not but that's not what
that's not the loser think I'm going to
talk about the loser think is the black
people who employ that standard
if your standard is that you're that
white people can't say as part of the
evidence that they're not racist I have
black friends you are making the world a
worse place by your defective thinking
because if you are a black person and
you're talking about this topic you
you're saying I want there to be less
racism in the world presumably right you
you're you're only having this
conversation because you want less
racism
one of the worst ways to make that
happen is to penalize white people for
doing the right thing because it's not
enough of the right thing when somebody
does the right thing you should
encourage it and when they do the wrong
thing according to you you should
discourage it if a white person tries to
defend their lack of racism by saying
look I have a black friend what is the
loser think approach to that you racist
how can you say that you're making it
even more of a racist by saying you have
a black friend wrong wrong wrong
strategically wrong strategically if
what you want is a world where people
get along and are less racist you should
say to that white person well you know
that's not exactly what I'm talking
about but I love the fact that you have
black
RS if you do anything but compliment
that before criticizing you know why
it's not really a defense it's
completely legitimate to say that's not
enough it's completely legitimate to say
well that's you just in your personal
life I'm talking about you know
structural you know historical racism
which is different from you having a
friend those are all good points but you
should start with I'm really glad to
hear that I I I hope that you make more
black friends I have some white friends
I would like to have more white friends
maybe this is part of the solution but
it's not exactly what I'm talking about
right now I'm talking about other kinds
of institutional racism I'm talking
about your policies I'm talking about
maybe something else but for
sure it is the worst strategic thing you
can do to say to a white person who says
I have black friends to say to that
person
you're just making it
worse terrible terrible strategy let me
give you another example from the other
side you may have seen a clip yesterday
in which van Jones uh who was a good
sport and went to
CAC and which I love by the way I love
the fact that he went there and he gave
he gave the
uh prison reform which I love I love the
fact that he's an honest broker uh in
these discussions and he's saying if you
do something good I'm going to
compliment you and I'm going to do it in
public right it's very rare I mean the
reason the clip was set around is people
said what I didn't know you could be
reasonable I didn't know you could
compliment somebody who's on the other
side on different
issues it it was it was national news
because a person acted reasonable and
public think about that just think about
the fact that it that it excited the
internet that a person acted like a
human being like a reasonable person in
public that was a story I mean that's
just the thought of it is mind-boggling
but um another thing that van Jones said
is he talked about immigration and he
talked about how the um the cry rate of
immigrants is lower than the crime rate
of citizens and you could hear an
audible Boo in the audience yeah
somebody's ahead of me here in the
comments he actually got booed now
what's wrong with Van Jones
comment well here's the problem if if
you had sort of been isolated in the the
left side of the world you would not
know how the people you're trying to
persuade and in that context he was
trying to
persuade why else would he be there
trying to persuade conservatives the
hardest job in the world right if you're
coming from you know a CNN Universe
jumping into the toughest audience you
could possibly have a bunch of
conservatives can you persuade them and
bringing up that statistic is what I
call
ing of how conservatives think and
here's what's wrong with it when you say
that immigrants have a lower crime rate
than
citizens you are
accidentally emphasis on accidentally
you are
inadvertently saying that I wouldn't
mind if one of you Americans died at the
hands of an illegal immigrant who happen
to be a criminal Beyond you know coming
here
illegally i' would be okay with that
because the statistics are still
low and so what it does is it
accidentally says I would prefer letting
in a number of people
illegally over you
living
surviving I would prefer that these you
know 100 or 200 or thousand people came
in to get better jobs even if it meant
you freaking died you American who is
already here now that's not what he's
saying that in by no
means I I'm not a mind reader but I
think it's safe to say the van Jones is
not thinking of it that way he's
thinking conceptually and he's thinking
that if crime rate of this group is low
that it is illegitimate to say let's
bring in some more because the crime
rate's low why are you
complaining concept ctually he's
completely accurate statistically I
imagine he's also
accurate
but it
inadvertently uh ignores how
conservatives feel about this it ignores
how they frame these issues and
conservatives do not care about the rate
of crime nobody who gets
killed as they're dying from their
wounds you know they've just been a
victim of crime and they're it's their
last breath nobody ever says oh but at
least the crime rate was
low yes I'm dead but thank God the rate
of crime was low said nobody ever
right conservatives see the World As
Americans and then
non-americans so if one American gets
killed for the benefit of a hundred or
even a thousand immigrants who get a
better life
that's a bad deal for people who see the
world as you know we're the Americans
let's protect our our world protect our
brand and let the other people do the
same it's a fair game these are the
rules we protect our team you protect
your team you're not our enemies you're
not our enemies we're just doing a
system that works well
so my advice to van and anybody who is
trying to persuade on this point and let
me say it in the in the cleanest way I
can when you say to a conservative and
by the way fact check me on this most of
you are probably leaning conservative if
you're on this
Periscope um fact check me on this is it
not an
insult when somebody says their crime
rate is lower than the
US it's an insult because it it devalues
the value of your life
as an American so that other people can
get better jobs that is just a straight
out
insult I mean it's it's offensive in in
such a deep
way now here's the
thing is Van Jones
smart totally all right you can see that
unambiguously very very smart guy does
van Jones want a better world apparently
so I would say that absolutely so
um but you know we're all in our bubbles
we all have the experience that we have
and uh that can blind us to some some
obvious opportunities all
right now this loser think is not
limited to one side of the political
aisle all right so I can give you lots
of lots of examples where conservatives
are having blind spots of their own uh
um so it's you know I don't want to pick
on Van Jones in fact I want to
compliment him for first of all going to
the CPAC putting himself out there and
he found out the hard way that that that
line just got booze so presumably he
will adjust and um I think he's the most
probably at the moment the most
productive
thinker so let me that's a big claim
right I'm going to make this claim again
it's such a big claim in my opinion at
the moment van Jones is the most
productive thinker in the United
States productive because he's actually
trying to figure out how to solve the
biggest problem in the country which is
how do these two groups talk to each
other how do you find common ground how
do you how do you how do you scratch out
you know the smallest little thing that
we have in common and see if you can
build from that
um let's talk about the nothing
Burger do you remember the news uh was
it project vertas that uh recorded van
Jones in some interview I forget how
long ago it was was it 2 years ago
something like that in which uh
allegedly the context was the Russian
collusion and he said it was a nothing
Burger do you remember that well
apparently that was fake news we just
found out apparently according to Van
Jones who just got interviewed Again by
project Veritas on the same topic uh he
was taken out of context and and the the
nothing Burger he referred to was a
specific issue that was in the news that
day that was a very small part of the
larger issue of Russian inclusion so Tak
it out of context it looked like he
called the whole Russian inclusion a
nothing Burger but in context he was
talking about whatever the headline was
that day that was no big
deal now how do you feel about that cuz
you got
taken you and me I I was definitely a
victim of fake news and by the way I
totally believe van Jones about that his
clarification sounds way more way more
believable than than the original claim
um that was fake news and every time
this happens to you you should keep
track all right I I've got a little
mental scorecard of my own so on my
scorecard I've got the Covington Hox I
fell for that all right that that's on
my permanent
record I also will add to that the
nothing Burger hoax that's on my
permanent record I believe that I
believed he was talking about the whole
Russia collusion thing and it just was
fake
news um so I may have other things on my
list but you should really try to keep
your list of how often you're wrong now
on the plus side here are the things I
got right I you know I got of course the
Trump election that was a big deal I
probably was the only person who
predicted the North Korea situation
going in the right
direction um I told you that the Vegas
shooter was not Isis even when Isis was
claiming credit for the Las Vegas
shooter I was saying publicly it's not
Isis and it wasn't uh I told you that
the Cuban Sonic weapon was a mass
hysteria and it is I said Russia
collusion was BS and apparently it is um
I said Q was a hoax some of you still
think still think that's real CU a hoax
I'm right about that so my list of
things oh yes I also predicted the AOC
was the real deal and sure enough you
saw her go from a little spark to the
primary conversation in the country I
called that
early
um you said Kim's nukes were a liability
and he should want Resorts yeah that's
still true if if we're just talking
about the timing of things I don't
believe I ever had a prediction about
timing in fact my what I said about
North Korea is that they should be on a
100-year reunification path that they
should just say look this is just going
to take a hundred years if we can get it
done sooner we'll do it all right um but
anyway keep track of your Illusions keep
track of how many times you got taken by
the fake news now this brings us to
Glenn uh
greenwald's tweets and other people too
but he he makes the case best
what what do you do if you're an
anti-trumper and Michael Cowen just
demolished several of your
hallucinations in one
day
um what do you do if you're if you were
an anti-trumper because you thought
there was Russian collusion and you
believe that Coen went to Prague you
thought there was a you thought the
steel dossier was real I almost can't
remember oh you thought that the
president told Cohen a lie maybe you
thought that uh it was a big deal these
other Financial things like the buying
his own artwork or maybe you thought it
was a big deal that there's a campaign
thing that probably is not even illegal
we talking about the payment to the porn
star probably not even illegal um what
what would you do if you were that wrong
about so many things
have you noticed that the news just got
really
quiet um I've been watching the uh the
replay of Chris Matthews breathlessly re
reporting a mclatchy report at the time
that Michael Cohen you know is known to
have visited Prague to talk with the
Russians and he reported it at the time
like it was true like it was the news
what's he saying now now is is playing
that video of himself and saying look
how wrong I was look how bad my judgment
was that I believe that is he doing that
or are they just literally ignoring the
last two years this is Glenn greenwalt's
uh observation which I think most of you
agree with what the heck is
happening right now there is the
weirdest thing happening the weirdest
thing happening is that people are
acting as though the last two years
didn't
exist they are literally they just
changed the argument from he's a Russian
puppet and we must replace him
immediately they're talking about now
his SAT scores the president's they're
talking about getting the president's
school
grades they're talking about looking at
the details of his tax
returns think about it there they
they've gone from you know the highest
level of of alarm to well maybe maybe
there's something on his
taxes somebody says Felix seder and
Ellen weiselberg soon did you forget
about them Scott no I didn't forget
about them I just think that Michael
Cohen would know whatever they know
don't you do you think that Michael
Cohen the fixer the close Confidant the
person who was
working uh who working on the Russia
stuff do you think he didn't know about
any bad stuff going on do you think he
wouldn't give up Trump at this point
it's pretty clear the mohen is not
protecting the president so you saw the
good example of what's happening it's
like yeah our entire theory for the last
the last two years has been dismantled
but there must be another witness coming
there's another one pry yeah it's going
to happen it's going to come in
now all
right somebody says Scott doesn't fully
understand what this country is
facing well I'll put you out of your
misery you're
blocked a reminder to those of you who
are not that person who just got
blocked I always welcome disagreements
on
logic or facts or you know opinion those
are always
welcome but if your comment is about me
personally you just get blocked it
doesn't even matter what it is right
even even if all you're saying is Scott
is confused or Scott hasn't done his
homework or maybe Scott should do his
own research anything like that you just
get blocked it would be helpful for you
to say what I don't know
maybe recommend a book any of that's
fine it it you know telling me what I
should learn to increase my knowledge
totally fine but just comments about
something wrong with me
blocked um by the way the professional
trolls uh on Twitter seem to have left
me alone for for a while I for for
whatever reason the pros are not coming
after me anymore the the pay trolls I
don't know what's up with that all
right um here's
another case of loser think do you know
Joe Walsh on Twitter ex Congress person
uh
conservative so he tweeted today that um
if you heard what president Trump said
about Auto War beer and you did not
object to it you're an
apologist now here's here's what's wrong
with that this is another case of Los to
think the world doesn't have one
variable the the the auto War beer
complaint the complaint that the
president um seemed as though he was
believing Kim Jong-un that he didn't
know uh that he didn't
know I just saw a comment I'm going to
have to comment about um anyway the when
the president said he takes Kim jung-un
at his
word people who know how to understand
the language know that that does not
mean he believes Kim jong-un's
story when you say I'll take you at your
word it says I will act as though it's
true but my internal thoughts about
whether it's true are are not in
discussion I will treat it as though
it's true so first of
all uh Joe Walsh made not know how
language works if if he didn't see that
distinction that the president wasn't
saying he believed
it he was saying he was taking this word
which is very different all right so
that's the first thing
secondly do we not understand that auto
War beer is I'm just going to say it you
because you know I don't have
advertisers and I have F you money so
I'm just going to say it auto War beer
is not as important to me as you
are Auto War beer is not as important to
me as you are because you're
alive you guys are all alive you guys
and gals you're all
alive I value you way more than AO War
beer sadly and it's a tragedy nobody can
be happy about it he is is no longer
with
us if we
allow a dead person no matter how tragic
no matter the
circumstances to guide what happens to
the
living it's loser
think it's a complete abdication of
responsibility to each other to keep
each other alive it's a complete
strategic failure because it it fails to
prioritize things you know nuclear
Holocaust versus uh honoring someone
who's not with us all right now I would
never want to disrespect his family and
I would certainly not want to disrespect
his memory but it's just the fact he's
not with us anymore you are you're all
alive you're way more important to me
than everybody in the world who ever
died before in fact there are billions
of people who have died in the past I
would say that every one of you who is
alive is more important to me
individually even just one of you is
more important to me than all billion
people who have died since the history
of the world I don't know how many
people have ever died maybe two billion
whatever that number is so let's keep
our priorities
straight um Joe Walsh I mean you're
you're just not good for the country
that kind of thinking could get us all
freaking killed it's the worst
unproductive thinking that you'll ever
say keep it in keep it in perspective
the president is protecting all of us
the president has
prioritized you living Americans over
people who can't be helped anymore they
cannot be helped once they have past we
can't reanimate autor beer we just have
to figure out how to keep the rest of us
alive
all
right um I would like to suggest a new
um a way a filter to determine what is
true from what is fake news are you
ready for this um this is a filter that
I've been sort of watching on my own to
see if it's good enough and I would
suggest the following filter to know
what is true from what is fake news and
it goes like this something that is true
as in True News will be on the following
four news
outlets it will be reported on
CNN Fox News
MSNBC and
Breitbart now they're not the only
Outlets that this filter would work with
but they're they're a good selection
right so if it's true on all four of
those Outlets then it's real news so for
example if there's a
hurricane and you you look on CNN and
says hey there's a hurricane and then
the same news is on Fox and Breitbart
and MSNBC you could say to yourself
there is a hurricane that's an actual
real
hurricane but if you see that the
president said that um white
supremacists were fine
people on CNN and you see it on
MSNBC and maybe they talk about it on
Fox news but then you go to Breitbart
and it's described as a hoax and it's
obviously a hoax and they say
why it's not real news it failed the
filter if it's not true on all four
Network on all four amlets then I would
say it's not
true if it is on all four probably true
and by the way this works for the things
you believe as well as the things you
don't believe so let's take um uranium
1 the uranium one deal is true on Fox
News false on
CNN I'm not sure what breit bar says
about it um and MSNBC would say it's not
true or at least there's nothing there
so I would say this filter suggests that
uranium 1 is sort of a big
nothing um so try try
uh I I can't tell if you're comments are
behind me but try that standard and just
try it on for a while and if you were to
say to yourself it's only true if it's
on those four networks that's a pretty
good
standard
um what about the reverse if Fox News
promotes a trump success is it not true
if it's not covered on CNN well CNN
tends to cover his successes they just
don't spend a lot of time talking about
it so even on CNN I believe there are
people saying that it was wise for Trump
to walk away from the deal and in uh
Vietnam so I would say that's true news
because there are experts on basically
every Outlet who are saying yeah that
was a good
decision let me talk about one of the
big
differences
between uh conservatives and let's say
the left and the right uh you've seen
science that says that conservatives
think differently there I think some of
the differences are that conservatives
are more grossed out by stuff just stuff
in general they're more grossed out more
easily I don't know if that's true but
there is there is a difference that I
notice that I want to present to you
I've said it before but I want to put it
in put a little more meat on it and this
is my book had it failed almost
everything and still win big where I
talk about systems being better than
goals here you see the difference
between goals and systems a goal would
be to have some kind of universal
healthc care Single Payer maybe maybe
the government uh is in charge of it um
another goal might be to have zero CO2
added to the air another what might be
free college so those would be goals
things that you want and these would be
associated with the
left but on the right you see that they
have similar let's say
aspirations or at least overlapping
aspirations but they tend to talk to
them in terms of the system capitalism
for example is a system that makes
everybody richer that allows people to
buy Health Care Etc so the systems for
getting to Health Care would be cutting
regulations spurring Innovation
increasing competition and by the way um
if if you haven't seen what the
government is doing on in terms of
health care they actually are doing
things to Spur competition they are
doing things about cutting regulations
so there are actually some pretty
important things happening in the Trump
Administration um
and uh I'm looking at your comments some
people are just still struggling with
the the filter thing uh but but just
live with her for a while and then and
then get back to me
uh because I don't want to don't want
you to make a decision on the yet I want
you to just use that filter for a while
and live with it and then and then tell
me how it worked for a while but don't
don't give me your opinion right now all
right likewise uh in reducing the CO2
you see the people on the right talking
about well shouldn't we be developing
Gen 4 reactors now here's one of the
biggest pieces of news that you probably
didn't hear and I want to call out um I
want to get the correct name of the
Twitter account that I follow and you
should follow too because if you're not
you're missing all the good
stuff and bear with me this this is
worth it by the way it's worth waiting
so you should be
following um head snip 01
add
snipe
oops
snipe
01 so you should follow that um Twitter
account because what he does is um and I
think he he might have been a marine
sniper before this I guess I think
that's why he has that name anyway what
he does is he he uh monitors
official
government um releases so when the
administration releases an official
statement that they're doing something
they have a new program they've made
some decision Etc some law is being
considered he he picks out the good ones
and reports on it so there's no spin on
it um except whatever the government
itself puts on it but uh you you get to
see the news that the news doesn't cover
and should so here's the big news that
happened this week no coverage but had
head KN at it so you should be following
him so here's the biggest news you
remember when I talked to some most of
you saw this when I had a conversation
with noval
ravikant and we were talking about uh
climate and nuclear energy Etc and nval
made this comment he said the problem
with nuclear in terms of developing it
developing nuclear power to be safer is
that you can't easily iterate the way
you can with every other product if you
look at the first iPhone it was terrible
but each one after that got better and
better and better until you had
smartphones that are
amazing and every other technology
follows um somebody's
asking it's
01 is there a
011 somebody asked a question if I got
that oh shoot you're right it is one one
so head snipe you make a bad mistake
with your uh header because your header
says only one but there's two ones so
there's two ones on the end of this
thank you for catching
that um anyway the so what n all said is
that uh nuclear you can't iterate and
improve as you go you can't evolve the
technology because it takes too long to
build one the the approvals are so hard
it's so expensive you know it's hard to
get approval to do it anywhere Etc
but uh the government under Rick Perry
Department of Defense just announced
that they have approved a um let's say a
test facility where the nuclear startups
can go and iterate without the burdens
of of approvals and and all that so the
biggest
problem in the world if you think it was
climate change or even if you think it
was energy costs or even if you think it
was the
economy
possibly the biggest problem in the
world is well on its way to being solved
because if you couldn't iterate nuclear
you could never solve climate change if
you couldn't iterate nuclear you could
never get to the point where the Middle
East is unimportant to us at least in
terms of oil if you can't iterate
nuclear you can never get to the point
where you've got a robot economy if you
can't iterate nuclear you can't get to
the point where you have enough energy
at such a low cost that you can
desalinate and create water if you can't
iterate nuclear you probably can't get
to the point where you can deal with
whatever problems climate change is
going to cause anyway
so the biggest news in the world is that
the the the main thing that was keeping
us from having having a robust
development of generation 4 nuclear
power which if you don't know this is is
safe from meltdowns so in other words
they're designed in a way that if
anything goes wrong or even if
everything goes wrong it doesn't melt
down right most people don't know that's
even a thing and there are several
Generations or several models within
Generation 4 that do that now
um somebody says that's not possible
well the experts say it's already done
now the other thing people say is where
are you going to put all that nuclear
waste well here's the fun part there are
designs within the category of Gen 4
that are both safe from meltdown and
they use as
fuel nuclear
waste they use nuclear waste as fuel and
I think they can burn 95% of that so you
still have a little bit left but
basically you can use the nuclear waste
from the other reactors the old ones and
use it for your
fuel all right the only thing keeping
this from happening was the ability to
iterate as nval pointed
out Rick
Perry Just solved
that now I don't know if if if the thing
he's doing is a complete solution but it
correctly identified the biggest problem
in the
system this is conservative thinking
what's the system the system is we can't
iterate
nuclear and if you can't iterate you you
can never get better he solved the
iteration problem it's the most boring
news but the biggest news all right uh
Bill Gates released recently his top 10
predictions for transform formative
Technologies so this is Bill freaking
Gates who who studies things more than
Bill Gates nobody all right Bill Gates
studies things more than anybody is Bill
Gates a conservative or a
liberal don't know don't know do you
know I have no idea my guess is he's
socially liberal but I don't know if
that makes him I don't even know who he
votes
for who knows which is to the story CU
he doesn't seem to be you know making
any decisions based on um on politics
his decisions seem to be based on
science what does Bill Gates say is one
of the top 10 think of all the
Technologies there are and Bill Gates
top 10 for this year is Generation 4
nuclear all right if he's saying it pay
attention all right he pay attention
when Bill Gates tells you that
Generation 4 nuclear is the way to go
and I think I I hope I'm characterizing
his opinion right I think he believes
it's the only
path so maybe fact check me on that but
I believe he thinks Generation 4 nuclear
development is the only path forward for
climate change
remediation and even if you don't
believe in climate change still a good
deal
um somebody says I'll pay attention when
Elon Musk talks about it that's a fair
statement I'll bet you if you asked Elon
Musk uh he would have something
interesting to say about that all
right
um now so and then the the other thing
the conservatives like to do is when on
the topic of free college you know they
they probably like to promote online
education because it's going to be
cheaper charter schools because it adds
choice so in all these cases you see
that the uh the Democrats seem to be
goal oriented but they don't have a way
to get there because when you ask them
they'll say well I'll raise your taxes
I'll raise your taxes but that doesn't
work because there isn't enough money in
the world so they have goals without a
system uh uh the conservatives tend to
be systems oriented well you're going to
need some Freedom you're going to need
some constitutional rights I'll give me
some capitalism let's do some
iterating uh let's spur Innovation let's
cut some regulations let's increase
competition um Etc so I submit to you
that a basic difference between the left
and the right is that the right speaks
and thinks in terms of systems and the
left thinks and speaks in terms of
goals and so if you wanted to
persuade the other side it doesn't
matter which side you're on if you want
to persuade the other side you have to
talk their language not yours so if you
are a liberal if you are a lefty and you
want to persuade conservatives to do
whatever it is Save the Planet be nicer
to people reduce income inequality
whatever it is
you have to talk to them in their
language you have to talk about a system
which has worked before which is kind of
important right capitalism has worked
before iteration of technology has
worked before uh improving the market
the market effects of things has worked
before right so if you want to talk to
conservatives and persuade them put it
in a systems language what is the system
that will get us there and use a system
system that has worked before uh yeah
somebody's prompting me here in the
comments I did see a new story that
there's a company that uh can now turn
CO2 taken from the air into
coal and I thought to myself wait a
minute I'm impressed that you can turn
CO2 taken from the air into actual
coal but wouldn't that be literally the
worst thing you could turn it into
it's like if you can turn CO2 into
something else shouldn't you turn it
into anything but
coal it feels like it feels like it's a
brilliant idea except for turning it
into coal turning into anything else all
right now some people say can you then
burn the coal well I suppose you could
and you could turn it back into that CO2
so I don't know what they're gaining but
there's a bigger story here which is
their they number of startups that are
all working on that they're all working
on how to turn uh CO2 into something
else fuels Etc now I have a question for
you that you could you'll only get
here one of one of the advantages of
watching me on
Periscope is that I can embarrass myself
in ways that other people just wouldn't
even wouldn't even get near so I'm about
to embarrass myself in maybe the the
biggest way I ever have because I'm
going to ask you some questions and I'm
going to reveal my ignorance on
something and I don't know what's wrong
with my thinking but I'm going to I'm
just going to display it in public and
you're going to look at it and I want
you to tell me what's wrong with it
because I know there's something wrong
with it right so so I I'm going to
depend on you to tell me what's wrong
with what I'm going to talk about next
now people on the left have said let's
have universal healthcare and I believe
there are 28 million people who don't
have healthcare insurance which is
around 9% of the country all right so
here's the first fact to check is it
true that roughly 9% of the
country does not have health care
insurance somebody's already saying
false I did I did do a Google search on
this so uh can somebody confirm or deny
that that's the number it's about
9% um let's say it is I'll keep watching
to see if anybody debunks that
somebody's saying yes here so it's
around 9% now the the right the
conservatives have said it's going to
cost you $32
trillion and it would cost more than the
GDP of the whole United States to give
everybody health care insurance if you
included the ones who don't have it now
does that sound true does it sound to
you like it would be that expensive like
on the surface maybe so but here's the
question I ask you if it's only 9% who
don't have health care
insurance work with the math with me
here now I'm not going to be precise I'm
going to be talking in very gross gross
conceptual way here all right so don't
get don't get too uh don't get too
locked up on the specific details just
look at the the concept if around 9% of
the people in the country don't have
health care could you
raise the cost of everybody's existing
Health Care by
9% and pay for everybody else in other
words if everybody who has Health Care
insurance and hold on I'm not suggesting
this just just talk about it
conceptually if everybody who had
Healthcare paid an extra 10% let's say
99% would it be enough to cover all the
people who don't have
healthare now we don't all pay our own
health care some the government pays
some businesses pay some people pay some
so I'm getting all nous
what hold on are you saying no to the
math or are you saying no to the concept
cuz the concept is not is not being
suggested so no one is
suggesting that people get a 10% uh tax
to pay for other people's health care
I'm asking you if the numbers would work
if you put a 9% tax on people's existing
health care or and let's say the
government added 9% to what it already
pays so every Everybody companies
individuals governments everybody gets a
little 9% extra would that be enough
given that only 9% of the people don't
have Healthcare
all right so so I'm I've got comments
right next to each other the math
doesn't work and then the one right
below it the math
works I see somebody say the math is
good the math works not the concept
don't don't judge the
concept because it's not
suggested
now if you think it's true and here's
where here's where having no sense of
personal embarrassment comes in handy
this is an idea that I would never
suggest in public if I had any sense of
embarrassment whatsoever I expect that
what I'm going to say next is really
wrong but I don't know why and that's
what you're going to help me with okay
here are two things that I think I
know I think I know this to be
true 9% of people don't have
healthare and here's another thing I
learned in corporate Amer America I used
to do uh budgets for a big bank I was in
charge of their budgets for their
technology area and I used to do budget
planning for the phone company also in
their technology area and here's
something uh here's
something
that uh is just a general truth I would
put together this budget and I'd take it
to the bosses and I'd say to the bosses
here's the budget and it's based on a
bottomup plan in which which I asked
every person every Department how much
budget they need next year and then I
added it up and here's the number for
the whole department and what would the
what would the boss always say those of
you who have worked in Corporate America
tell me how this story ends I added up
all the budget needs of all the
Departments into a big you know um the
bigger number took it to the big boss
and what did the big boss say about the
big
number if you've worked in Corporate
America you already know the answer the
answer is cut it by
10% and so I go back to all of the
individual department heads and I say
the big boss said cut your budget by
10% and every budget head says what I
can't do that there is no way I can run
this department if I cut the budget 10%
next year it cannot be done so I go back
to the big boss and I say
every one of the Departments says the
same thing if they cut by 10% they can't
do their job it just can't be done and
then the big boss
says what what does the big boss
say tell them it's cut
10% and then I go back to all the
Departments and I say I know you say
it's impossible I know you say you can't
do your job but that's the decision it's
cut by
10% now check back in a year did all of
the Departments successfully cut their
budget by
10% yep yep every one of them every one
of the
budgets successfully cut their budget by
10% how many of them could
identify uh a big impact from that
meaning that they couldn't get their job
done Etc none of them as a general rule
if you have done budgets for a living if
you've been in a big organization and
you've had any contact with budget
you know that if you have a big budget
on any topic you can cut it by 10% so
here are two things I think I know but I
can't understand them together so I
think I know that 9% don't have
insurance and I think I know that the
cost of most things can be cut by
9% in other
words it would be free
let's
say let's say the government um again
I'm not recommending this let's say the
government
said everybody who's already paying
health care insurance has to pay 9%
extra and that covers everybody so now
the extra 30 million or so people who
don't have health insurance have health
insurance now everybody has it all the
people who sell Medical Services
suddenly have lots more
customers that's good right there are
more customers buying everything in
healthcare and then the government says
and I'm not suggesting this cut your
cost by 10% let's say the government
says to all the healthc Care insurance
providers I'll give you 30 30 million
more people in a pool you know that's
spread across all of you but in return
everybody has to cut their cost by
10% could they do
it almost certainly yes now there's
nothing about this plan that's
practical so those of you who are hung
up on that will never work or you know I
don't you know I don't like the
government getting in don't worry about
it I'm not suggesting we do it I'm
wondering about the
math so if it's true that it would cost
$32 trillion extra for healthare to have
Universal healthare how could it also be
true that the amount that all of us
would have to pay extra say
10% is so small that the health
insurance and
medical and you know Health uh Health
industry could almost certainly cut all
of the costs by 10% and nobody would
even notice because you can cut any
budget by 10% and people largely don't
notice so here's what I don't understand
how could it simultaneously be so
expensive that the country would be
bankrupted at the same time as far as I
can tell it would be 10% more than
people who have insurance already pay
and you could probably lower the the
whole cost structure 10% until nobody
even
noticed is it 32
trillion or is it
zero and uh I saw this this conversation
on I forget which show it was might have
been uh well I'm not going to I'm not
going to guess but I I saw a debate in
which there were you know pro- universal
healthcare and anti- universal
healthcare and the ones who were against
it said it's going to cost $32 trillion
over 10 years and there's no way that
can be afforded the person who was for
it said it would save
money okay that's the difference between
saving money less than zero money cost
and $32
trillion how can you be that far apart
now part of it is that 32 trillion is
not the extra the 32 trillion is the
it's got to be the total cost of
healthcare I would guess that goes to
the government and comes out of the
pockets of individ in other words the
government would be taking on the burden
that individuals are paying and
companies are paying now so that's why
it's 32
but our decision making is so poor that
we can't tell the difference between
something that would cost $32
trillion versus something that would
save
money think about that could those
worlds be further apart now if somebody
said well one says it's going to cost a
trillion and the other says it's only
going to cost 200 billion I would say
those are two people who are legitimate
legitimate um players in a real issue
but if you tell me that one says it's
better than free and the other says it
costs $32
trillion we have departed anything like
a conversation on the topic the topic no
longer even matters to the decision it's
like it's like you don't even need to
know what the topic is because you're
not going to get agreement if you're
that far apart
so explain to me why only 10 you know 9%
of the country doesn't have health care
insurance and yet it is unaffordable
when we could certainly cut the cost of
Health Care by
10% and therefore have the same costs we
have now and everybody covered now I
assume that what I'm saying is so
embarrassingly ignorant that I'll find
this out in the next 24 hours maybe in
the next hour somebody's going to say
Scott Scott Scott you've forgotten the
effect of XYZ you
idiot and maybe we learn something but
let me ask you how many people just had
their minds
blown by this simple math which might be
wrong might be stupid might be ignorant
might be all those things but how many
of you just had you mind blown by these
numbers I'm interested or does it have
no effect on
you
um uh there's a little delay in your
comments so I'm
actually
uh all right so I'm just looking at the
comments coming in now so people are
saying yes me nobody yep me I'm not sold
yes uh I think you may be assuming the
uninsured percentage will stay constant
uh no I'm not assuming that I'm not
assuming that what I described is a
workable plan so if you missed that part
you really missed the most important
point I'm not suggesting this happens I
use it as an example to explain why the
math doesn't make sense to me all right
so I'm seeing other people saying that
their mind is blown you can feel
yourself peeking out of your own little
bubble can't you if you believed that
this cost $32 trillion and was
completely
unaffordable and yet you watched Bernie
say we could totally afford this or you
watched AOC say we could totally afford
this I don't know who's right I actually
don't know who's right will it cost 32
billion or trillion or save money I
don't know
so what you should be taking from this
is that you don't know anything about
Healthcare
that's what I take from it so what I
take from this exercise is that I am
completely
unqualified to have an intelligent
conversation about healthcare because I
don't know the difference between
free and $32
trillion can't tell the
difference all
right somebody says 10% price cut would
eliminate all profit margin um in the in
the health care field margins are pretty
high uh and there would be some some
entities that couldn't take that cut but
there would be others that could take
more of a cut
so my experience is that if you tell
people they have to cut
10% they would also go back to their own
cost structure and their own suppliers
and say look you're my supplier I have
to cut 10% % if you don't cut 10% to me
I can't cut 10% to them and then we're
both on a business and then suddenly
your supplier Cuts their expenses how
they do it they go to their suppliers so
you so it's sort of the uh um the
Walmart Theory you know Walmart forces
its vendors to cut costs until they go
on a business you know I'm exaggerating
a little but not much cuz Walmart will
make you C your costs um just to be in
Walmart until you have no margin
whatsoever and those those sorts of
things can happen in healthcare as well
it just isn't happening and by the way I
would expect to see the combination of
Amazon and is it JP Morgan Chase whoever
whatever they're called now and uh who's
the third entity who's working on that
healthc care situation I'm blanking out
now um
but I would expect them to start pushing
suppliers at lowering costs quite a
bit all right that's all for now and I
will talk to you all later