bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum bum bum hey everybody yes I know I'm
coming to you a little bit early but I
have something scheduled it a little bit
so I'm gonna just slide it into your
periscope life a little bit early but
not so early that we can't have a
simultaneous sip because this is coffee
with Scott Adams you are here to enjoy
the simultaneity up at all and if you
are if you're baird if you're prepared
early grab your mug your cup your glass
your stein you're jealous your thermos
if you will fill it with your favorite
liquid didn't join me I like coffee for
the simultaneous Ed let's talk about the
Oscars there's a funny story about Spike
Lee having too much to drink and losing
the funny thing is this is the second
time he's lost and in both cases he lost
to a movie that was blacker and better
now actually I don't know the movies he
lost to were blacker but apparently
people thought they were better one was
Driving Miss Daisy Morgan Freeman and
the other is the green book which is
weirdly a similar movie so in both cases
he lost to as he says it somebody
driving somebody which is very funny
now the funnier part is that the
president tweeted him some shade he says
so the president says be nice if Spike
Lee could read his notes or better yet
now I have to use notes at all when
doing his racist hip piece on your
president so he's calling Spike Lee a
racist I also call Spike Lee a racist so
I joined the president in disavowing who
Spike Lee for his racist ways who has
done more for us so he's talking about
himself now the president
this who has done more for
african-americans criminal justice
reform lowest unemployment numbers tax
cuts etcetera than almost any other
president now my understanding is that
Spike Lee's a piece of crap movie
includes the Charlottesville hoax and
the president's comments after it which
means I haven't seen it and don't plan
to which means that no doubt that the
centerpiece for this movie is a racially
divisive racial hoax not well I would
say worse than the Jessie small that to
hoax because if anybody's new here the
president after Charlottesville said
there were fine people on both sides of
the debate about statues the
illegitimate press and now apparently
Spike Lee have decided to turn that into
something that didn't happen which as
they reimagine that or reframe it as the
president saying that the the neo-nazis
marching and saying anti-semitic things
were fine people according to the
president that never happened the
president was talking about there were
good people on both sides of the statue
issue he was not complimenting anti-shah
he was not complimenting the neo-nazis
fake news still reported as if it's true
this piece of Spike Lee makes a
movie out of it to worsen race relations
in this country based on a hoax
Spike Lee should be disavowed in the
strongest possible ways he is he is a
terrible force for the country a
divisive opportunistic pieces yet um if
I if I do say something now speaking of
good movies by coincidence I watched on
my phone with my little headphones on
the movie a star is born with Bradley
Cooper and Lady gaga I will tell you
that I only got to watch the first third
of the movie
and then I stopped I'm probably not
gonna watch the rest of the movie is it
because I did not like the movie it is
not I'm gonna give you the strangest
movie review you've ever heard the first
third or so of the movie a star is born
is so good that I'm not willing to watch
the rest of the movie and let me say
that again as clearly as possible
the first 1/3 of a star is born in the
movie with Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga
is so good that I don't want to watch
the rest of it and I mean that in the
literal sense is not hyperbole I
probably won't watch the rest of it it
made me cry for about 15 minutes in a
beautiful way not a sad way crying was
sort of like a happiness emotional
feeling there there is an emotional I'm
not going to give anything away but
obviously a star is born and tells you
that somebody turns into a star here but
the first part of the movie is so well
done that it was jaw-droppingly
beautiful it was probably just about the
best directing and acting you're ever
gonna say it's perfect casting and then
the part of that eye that I was amazed
at is Bradley Cooper in his you know
performance as a musician oh my god
and here's the funny part part of the
reason I had hesitated to watch the
movie is that I'm not a fan of Bradley
Cooper
Bradley Cooper has historically been
cast in roles where he's a certain type
of Bradley Cooper guy and I don't really
like that character that he typically
plays he's a he's a little too handsome
you know he's a little little too much
of whatever but and this he plays
against type he plays a a heavy drinking
musician who's got kind of a
sadly a voice like this and from from
the first second of this movie he nails
this character so thoroughly that you
can't even imagine it's Bradley Cooper
it's I don't know I don't know if he
want anything last night or not and then
Lady Gaga was so good that's it's just
crazy
so quite literally I wept for 15 minutes
at the beauty of the first third of this
movie and I think I'm not going to watch
the rest and part of it is because the
structure of a movie is that there's
something bad coming you know it's not
really a movie until the third act
something bad happens and then they have
to figure out how to fix it
and I don't think I could live through
the bad thing because the the first part
was so beautiful so watch the movie it's
one of the best things you'll receive
your life but here's my recommendation
watch the movie with headphones in so
that you've got them or a really good
sound system if you're in a theater
situation I guess that's okay but the
the actual quality of the music is is
mind-boggling it's just so good alright
enough about that CNN is reporting that
kim jong hoon had used flamethrowers to
execute people now why why is it you
asked the CNN is running stories right
now today this morning showing Kim
jong-un flamethrower
using a flamethrower to execute people
now I'm not going to say if it's true or
false I don't know and I'm not going to
say if it's good or bad that they you
know report these things in general but
ask yourself why it's happening today
because I don't think this was the only
thing they could have found out about it
it does seem to be working against the
national interest but it's also working
against President Trump and it feels to
me like this is yet another obvious
example where CNN is literally and I
don't mean this in any hyperbole it
feels like they've taken a position
against the American public you know I
know
that I wish I could say that with more
doubt in my voice as in the question Jia
are they taking a position against the
American people
but it's sort of obvious that that's
what they're doing now I don't know if
they internalize it that way you know I
don't know if they say to themselves
well we're really gonna screw the public
I hope they don't but it's so obvious
that this is the wrong week to run that
story it's not in the interest of the
American people it doesn't give us
information that we really just deeply
need to know this week as we sort of
basically knew that there were bad bad
stuff happening in North Korea all it
does is put it in our heads so all it
does is bring to front of mind the most
destructive thought in terms of
supporting whatever kind of deal that
may or may not come out of this it's
it's shocking that we could imagine that
they're a news organization because
whatever this is is so plainly
destructive to American interests and
indeed world interests that I don't know
how you explain it I don't know how you
explain it with any good intentions
there may be a way but I don't know how
all right so a or C did a live stream
last night there's I I heard maybe she
took it down but I saw some clips from
his in which she was cooking and talking
again from her apartment
and I gotta say you're gonna get sick of
me saying this but she is really
watchable meaning that I you know I saw
a clip and I was inspired to play it and
you can imagine how many people send me
clips all the time people send me clips
all day long and it's a clip of her
cooking and chatting and I think it's
not even live like why do I want to see
this I still collect it I mean I
couldn't help myself
so she's got that thing you know I don't
think it's because she's attractive like
I like as she is but I don't think
that's what's causing me to click on it
the
the world has other attractive people in
it I think it's I don't know what it is
but then I watched several of the clips
and they were all interesting you know
I'm not saying that I agreed with what
she's saying because I didn't but it's
all interesting she's got that thing
where she can be more interesting than
other people and it is definitely not
it's not a function of her looks it
definitely is not but one of the things
she said was that you have to really ask
yourself if it's if it's immoral to have
children did you hear that and the
reason is that you would be bringing
children into a world that you had
destroyed with climate change that would
be her view and that is it moral to
bring children into a world that you've
just destroyed so yeah you might happily
die yourself before climate change ruins
everything but those kids are gonna be
really screwed and I thought to myself
don't we always don't we always hear
people say well if climate change is
real why why are people building real
estate on the coast if climate change is
real
how come banks you know why are banks
making loans to people who are building
on the coast and and those are good
questions right I think there are good
answers to those questions you know
meaning that well I won't get into that
but there are there are answers to why
rich people would build on the coast and
it's because they're rich people they
can take a chance if you're rich you
don't have to worry you build a build a
house on the coast
someday you lose your house you build
another house so that's part of the
reason but I like her consistency if
she's going to say that the world is at
a tipping point and you know we may not
be able to recover unless we act
aggressively and we're not
acting aggressively the it's a perfectly
reasonable question to ask yourself if
you should have children and so here's
what I thought was funny let's say
you're a conservative and let's say you
also don't believe climate change is the
big risk the scientists say either
because you think humans will figure out
how to get a handle on it or you think
that the science was overblown whatever
it is you think if you're a conservative
do you have any reason to stop having
children probably not so conservatives
have a clean philosophical path should
they not believe in climate change or do
not believe that it's the end of the
world to have children people who are
climate alarmists do not have a reason
to have children because they would
breathe they would be bringing children
into a world that's going to be
destroyed so should you start
recommending that people who believe in
climate change stop having children is
that wrong should conservatives not be
recommending that people will believe in
in climate change stop having children
because it would be immoral to believe
you're bringing children into an
end-of-the-world situation conservatives
could be right or they could be wrong
you know I'm saying just the
conservatives who don't buy into climate
change they could be right they could be
wrong but it would not be immoral to
believe everything's fine and also have
children that would be right or wrong
but it's moral it would be a moral
decision so I think it's fascinating the
AOC has presented a reason that the
people on her team should not reproduce
I'm not that snot an exaggeration right
I'm saying what she said I'm saying that
a or C has made a convincing argument
convincing to people who believe in
climate change as a as a dire threat
it's a convincing argument that people
on the Left should stop having children
you just say alright let's talk about
climate change there's first of all this
there's this new climate advisor named
William hopper
now hopper is he's a lightning rod for
criticism because he he said recently
that he he acquainted recently carbon to
the Jews during World War two and he
unwisely sat in public the co2 is like
the Jews in World War two because they
were demonized co2 is Deva - now the
Jews were demonized in World War two and
similarly they were both good for the
world
meaning co2 is good for the world in
terms of being a plant food fertilizer
and and the Jewish people are good for
the world so that's why he meant to say
worst analogy ever if you wanted to
reduce confidence in your judgment just
make a Hitler analogy with co2 no I was
watching I was watching a clip in which
Jake Tapper Jake Tapper was talking
about it and Jake was just sort of sort
of mentally shaking his head if you will
you know at the choice of that as a as
an analogy possibly one of the most ill
placed analogies of all time now that
said he was not being hired for his
analogy make him right no but nobody
said hey Tapper we'd like to hire you
for this sciency climate science
position but not until we can test your
analogy makin is because his analogy
making is quite bad but we don't know
yet if he could do this job so I'm gonna
be open-minded about it but I think it's
interesting that the White House is
bringing together experts to debate the
question of climate science and how to
how to approach it
I don't think that's getting enough
attention here's what I believe about
President Trump that might be different
from what most of you believe very
different I believe that if President
Trump educated the public at the same
time he was educating himself on climate
change and it looks like this process is
meant to do both to educate the
government and educate the public if
they do it right now if we don't hear
what this group produces if we don't if
it's all not transparent then I would be
totally opposed to it so in my so just
in case you're wondering hey Scott why
do you always say good things about the
White House why do you always say good
things about President Trump let me let
me lay down a marker if they do this
climate change you know meeting where
they try to you know fine-tune the
government's approach to climate change
and the public does not have a view on
this total fricking mistake like a
rookie stupid mistake that would be that
would be like gigantically incompetent
to have this meeting and then not make
it transparent to the public we really
need to watch this thing right if it
really is a case of life and death and
the fate of the planet and it might be
you know my position is I'm too ignorant
to know exactly trying to figure it out
with the rest of you what if they don't
make this meeting transparent and they
don't have real climate scientists in
there and a lot of them you know if
they're if they don't take this
seriously right in front of the world so
we can all watch at the same time the
government is getting educated huge
mistake I would also assume that money
was involved right if they do this thing
poorly and it looks like the fix is in
and they just come up with some secret
meeting and then it just happens to be a
result that's good
the oil industry I'm not gonna be a fan
and I'm gonna come down pretty hard on
it all right but I don't want to
prejudge it if what they're gonna do is
bring in the right experts and and do
something that's transparent film the
meetings maybe produce a report that has
maybe the the main opinion and even some
minority opinions something like that
something very transparent then I would
say this might be one of the best things
and the administration's ever done on
this topic so and here's what I believe
that's different from what most of you
believe I believe that this president
probably has a genuine concern that he
needs to know more about this topic and
that if he did it might change his
actions so I don't think he's got a
decision and he's just looking for some
people to back it I don't think that's
what's going on I think that the
president is actually could be persuaded
that climate change requires some kind
of a deeper action than we're doing I
believe he could be persuaded if there's
a process that's transparent and
credible and the right people are in the
room I think that could happen and I
think he would be open to that and I
think he could change his mind in the
public as long as he had the backing
from the right you know right group of
scientists let's talk about the
credibility of climate change so I went
to skeptical science which is a blog
which tries to debunk the skeptics of
climate change and so it does a really
good job of organizing the arguments and
saying here's what the skeptics say and
then here's what the experts say to
debunk the skeptics and so I go there to
check out their arguments and I'll show
you a couple of the arguments and I'll
show you and this will tell you the
problem so here's there's a there's a
debate on see you won't be able to see
it - well let me let me bring down the
temperature on this a little bit
maybe you see it now so here's a graph
of glaciers losing ice and as you can
see the glaciers are losing ice and
here's the important part they're losing
ice more recently at a higher rate now
of course the skeptics debate whether
the glaciers are reducing but I would
say this this site does a really good
job of showing statistics pointing to
public information this shows that the
glaciers are decreasing now here's
here's the part where I get in trouble
here's a summary of that so here's the
climate claim the claim is the
temperatures are rising and that the
rate of rise is unprecedented
you need the unprecedented part in order
to sell the story because the
unprecedented part along with the fact
that co2 is the only variable that's
moving in the same way tells you the co2
is likely the cause so let me say that
again scientists know there are lots of
things that could affect temperature the
sun's changes in the Sun you know
there's the direction of the you know
the the position of the earth so to
speak the there are volcanoes etc there
are other greenhouse gases so scientists
have a real good idea of all the things
that could affect temperature but only
one of those things co2 is changing at a
rapid rate which matches the what the
scientists say is the temperature
increase and one of the places you would
expect to see this temperature increase
is and here's another key not on land in
the United States so the climate
scientists do not claim that the land
temperature of the United States will
necessarily show much of the impact of
climate change because most of the
warming is going to go into the oceans
and into the poles so if you're looking
at glaciers
you're looking at something more
directly sensitive to climate change
because that's where the warming is
going so if the scientists could show
that the glaciers are definitely melting
and I would say this site the skeptical
science makes that case convincingly
because apparently there are 35 glaciers
that they've been tracking for decades
and I think 34 and a 35 something like
that are substantially smaller so I'm
gonna say it feels to me like a fact
that the glaciers are in fact shrinking
and have been shrinking for decades but
then there's the graph I just although
I've got to go in a second the graph the
graph shows that the glaciers have been
decreasing but here's the thing
the graph shows that there's this
unprecedented decline that is really the
main case if you didn't have this if you
didn't have the unprecedented decline
you wouldn't have an argument and then I
look at their their graph and I say to
myself but wait a minute their own graph
shows the same rate of decline before
there was much co2 so here was the best
argument against the sceptical claim it
was the best argument and it was self
refuting I'm looking at their own graph
this says there's an unprecedented drop
and I say what do you mean it's
unprecedented I'm looking at your own
graph in the 40s there was the same drop
by the way this is the Richard linson
argument I borrowed this from him
because he was the first one who did
this and said what do you mean it's
unprecedented your own graph shows it
right here
it's very precedented it was precedented
without any co2 so I'm not going to make
I'm not going to make a call as to
whether they are right or wrong about
glaciers I will make the claim that the
way it's presented is as a fraud
in other words
the way it's presented looks
illegitimate even if it isn't you know I
mean I'll talk also tomorrow about that
97% of scientists agree but for now I
gotta go and I'll talk to you later