I'm pom pom poms hey everybody come on
in here it's time for a special coffee
with Scott Adams I hope you have your
coffee if you do this would be the time
to sip it because it's time for the
bonus sip the extra sip the simultaneous
sip grab your cup your mug your vessel
your glass fill it with your favorite
beverage and join me for the
simultaneous up now what I'm going to do
today is different from my normal thing
I promised I would give you a lesson on
persuasion and I would wrap it around a
lesson in actually well I'm actually
going to persuade you I'm going to try
to persuade you to use the app my
startup has created so we'll be talking
about the app but I'll keep stopping as
I go to point out any technique I'm
using so you should learn how to do
really a pitch for any kind of a any
kind of a product or offering and so let
me jump right in this is the app it's
called interface by when hub and it's
for either being an expert or contacting
an expert if you want to be an expert
you get to set your own price you could
be paid in regular ordinary money or you
could be paid in our own cryptocurrency
that we created for the app I won't get
into those details for now but assume
that you can get on the app you could
say my price is $100 an hour or $12 an
hour or $500 an hour depends what you're
offering now in our world an expert
could be any kind of expert and all may
I'll actually make a call here so you
can see it and the app is available in
stores right now and in the App Store
for both Apple and Google wait stop let
me tell you what persuasion I've already
used number one do you think the
simultaneous sip
is just for fun well this when I do it
on my regular periscopes it's sort of a
bonding exercise it's for fun people say
they like it it's sort of branding but
in the context of selling something in
the context of persuading there's a
little persuasion rule that somebody is
saying in the comments here asking
somebody to do anything no matter how
minor gets them in the mood to do more
so it's very important to get somebody
to do something very small that has no
cost to them whatsoever so the
simultaneous sip in this context is
getting people to pace me to match me to
feel comfortable with me to enjoy an
experience with me no matter how minor
and to do something I asked you to do
okay so that was the first technique in
case you missed it now you also want to
be a visual and you want to be visual
fast all right being visual alone is
great but being visual fast makes a
difference so you notice that I was only
in this for a few seconds before I held
it up because I can describe things
forever but seeing it is just a whole
different impression your visual sense
dominates your senses so if you're going
to give a pitch the wrong way to do it
is to start with well we had a problem
and here's our concept and we work the
concept and we thought about it and our
business model is this nobody cares
get to the picture here it is that's a
real app it does two things be an expert
or contact an expert to making the media
video call BAM you're done all right so
now with the the person I'm trying to
persuade which is you in this case has
an idea a visual idea now I can put all
kinds of detail on it and you've got a
framework that you can attach things to
do a visual go-fast and go simple simple
is very important how hard was it for
you to understand it's an app it's
available now
you can be an expert and set your own
price or you can call an expert and it's
a video call simple simple simple there
is more complexity to it there are
different ways to pay etc but you don't
need to know that for now so I stay
simple keep it with me
now I'm going to do a little more visual
persuasion I'm going to give you some
examples of how people could use the app
some of these might apply to you but
some of them might not but the important
thing I'm going to show you is how
telling the story and bringing you into
the scene really makes a difference okay
so imagine we've got doctors on here
we're bringing on some doctors now you
may know that dr. Drew is has used the
app and we hope you'll use it again now
did you see what I just did I just I
just used a famous name and I said this
famous person dr. drew a famous doctor
from radio and TV and Internet and
everywhere else has used the app so
that's sort of a a trying to attach the
app to somebody who is notable and
important and knows what they're doing
alright so it's sort of a social proof
yes another part of the social proof is
when you first sign on the app it tells
you how many other people are on the app
it tells you lots of people use this so
we've had over 50,000 people sign up and
so you immediately say well if 50,000
people signed up that's something okay
so now let me tell you some examples
I'll give you several examples of how to
use the app so let's say you've got some
doctors on here we're signing up doctors
we'll have we expect a lot more in a few
weeks let's say you're you're one of the
people who is on the scene of an
accident you're not the first person
there you're one of the 20 people who
gather around any accident the first
people are they know some first aid
they're not doctors but there may be
they're putting on a tourniquet or
something and they're they're helping
the
the person has been hurt but you'd like
to help too but there are only so many
hands and legs that can be on the
patient so as your help you pick up the
app you find a doctor you contact the
doctor then you say look we've got a
situation can you just hold on in case
we have a question and then you're
helping you just say I've got a doctor
on the line if you need any if you got a
question let me know maybe you take the
video over and let the doctor see what
the situation is you say is are we doing
everything right doctor says put the
tourniquet a little higher
doctor says put a blanket over them
because you've got maybe some shock all
right so immediately you have added
value to this highly important situation
that's optional you might never be asked
but you'd have that option let's say
you're tutoring I'm sorry let's say you
you've got a kid who wants to do
homework and you don't have to help them
on that homework so you pick up the app
call an expert who's tutoring on that
subject but put your phone on the
kitchen table you don't want your kid to
be on the phone with an adult you know
if you're not watching but you stay in
the room you you can make dinner and
your kid is getting tutored at the same
time let's say you need translation
perhaps you're police or your other
kinds of services and you run into a
situation where you really really need
somebody to translate for you and you
need it right now you know on the app
find somebody who speaks French call
them up and say look I got somebody here
can you translate for me boom you're
done let's say you want to do tech
support for your company and you're not
a giant company let's say you're a your
small company and you want to be up and
running with tech support well you could
just get on the app set your price to
zero we don't care if you charge zero or
or anything so we're we're we're not
concerned with how much you charge so
you can just make a zero and then people
can call you up on the app you could put
a notice about it at some point we'll
have a
a way to add a button to your webpage
let's do that now let's say I wanted to
get tech support about the app itself I
would hit expert and I would see that
there's a list of people who have been
recently on the app that tells you that
real people have been experts on the app
and you can see what kinds of things
people have been doing that's just again
it's another social proof here's real
people they've been doing things did you
notice there was also something else
that I did I'll bet you different faces
are really influential it's not an
accident that Facebook is popular it's
not an accident that tinder and hating
dating apps are popular although they
have you know a real function of course
the people like faces have an unusually
large impact on us we're just wired for
faces so we put faces on here faces are
good if you can put faces on stuff
you're way ahead of the game in terms of
engaging other people all right so I
open the app and I say I want to find
out something about the interface app
well certainly I could just put an
interface in the search bar and it would
pop up let's do that interface first few
letters and it pops up and sure enough
I'll take one of those choices and look
it's one of our developers he's on there
and he'll take my call so I push one
button I I can put the slider for any
time I want 15 minutes is fine I'm just
going to call them and then hang up this
is a test call while I'm on periscope
all right I just did voice-to-text cuz
it was faster push one button tell them
I I have to say I understand the rules
and then I hit it all right it is now
connecting now he won't know my phone
number or contact I won't know his phone
number or contact so it's happening
through the app and there is John say hi
so if we if we
gonna ask Jonathan a question we were on
a video call we're live I promised him
that I wouldn't bother him while he's
working he's in the middle of a deep
dive on some technology so I'm just
gonna say thanks thanks John
bye for now all right so Jonathan's gone
and then I can rate him I'm gonna say
man that was a five-star call all right
so the ratings of the experts will be
more useful over time as more people get
get rated all right so you just saw the
demonstration there were faces I kept it
simple
it was visual all good I also kept it as
short which was good so let me give you
a few more techniques one of the
techniques I like to talk about is
making the customer think past the sale
the sale is I'm going to try to get you
to download the free app so it's free to
download you don't ever have to use it
and it's in both the Apple and the
Google store but notice what I did is I
I put you in the scene of you using the
app in the future you imagined yourself
in the kitchen with the kid who needs
tutoring you imagined yourself at the
scene of an accident you imagined
yourself calling somebody for tech
support you imagined yourself perhaps
signing up as an expert of anything we
have we have somebody signed up recently
just for conversation just for
conversation so if you wanted to have
somebody to talk to over lunch you could
call this person and it was a nice woman
in Iowa who will just talk to you about
whatever you are so by making you think
about how you use it
I've made you think past the decision of
downloading it that's always a good
technique so the car salesman will say
not what the car salesman won't say do
you want to buy this car the car
salesman will say you know and you know
you'll probably want to play the radio a
lot it with this
car so that you're thinking about being
in the car and playing the radio and
you've already thought past the decision
of I thought past the decision of
getting it all right it's also helpful
to tie your persuasion to things that
people care about for example can you
use this to say this app to save your
life if you could that would be you know
a good persuasion because fear is very
persuasive so if you can if you can
convince people then it's a way to
lessen their fear that's very powerful
now this app doesn't it's not really
optimized for that although I can
imagine ways in which it would keep you
safer that would be sort of a hard
explanation in this case now I'm reading
your comments as I go here so in this
case the the things that people would
look to as the benefit of the app would
be not just that you can use it to call
somebody and get information you've seen
some examples where I had some really
big ideas but I didn't know how it
evolved to get in them until I talked to
a few experts that were hard to find so
if you have a big idea it might cost you
a lot of money for let's say twenty five
dollars you can talk to somebody who
really knows this area and it can tell
you whether it's worth going forward
somebody said adult entertainers there's
nothing to stop anybody for use from
using the app for anything they want so
we do expect some adult entertainers
will find the app at some point I don't
believe there are any on there at the
moment so think about this you're using
the app and you can work at home if you
get a regular group of people who call
you especially let's say you're doing
some kind of counseling or therapy let's
say you're a Narcotics Anonymous or
Alcoholics Anonymous at the sponsor how
much would it be worth to someone who
has an addiction
problem to be able to talk to somebody
very quickly to just keep them from
using it's like I need somebody right
now and it doesn't matter who I just
need to talk to somebody who who
understands this so think about it in
terms of money so you've got you have to
put yourself in the person you're trying
to persuade they're their mind and you
say what would they want people want
money they want a way to work at home
they want a easy way to make money in
between their regular job and other
things they have to do for example but
there's a bigger call in this one so
it's not just about you using the app
and using money I contend that if this
app becomes big it's really a
civilization changing kind of experience
because it fills in this enormous gap
between the things that you can google
and get a good answer to and you can
google a lot of stuff but it's not good
for a lot of stuff that you really need
to just talk to somebody about and and
actually hiring somebody in paying $400
an hour or something like that so
there's this enormous range of things
the society needs to understand in order
to move forward let's say you order to
help somebody in the inner cities you
want it to be a mentor you wanted to
tell somebody how to start a start a
business tell somebody how to manage
their monies tell somebody how to keep
their money think of all the things that
people need to know but don't have
mentors they don't have anybody who
knows things in their circle in my
circle I'm surrounded by people who know
a lot I'm in a very lucky position
partly because my job partly because of
where I live but I can find an expert in
just about anything and somebody who's a
world-class expert most people can't
most people are sort of you know
landlocked by the fact that they need a
certain kind of expertise and I don't
know how to find it they don't need more
than maybe a hundred dollars worth of
expertise but if he can't find it you're
not going anywhere so
this could fill the gap I think it could
make a huge huge difference to
civilization to people who don't have
mentors people who don't have access to
information in the normal way that other
people do so think of it as something
that you can be part of to help it grow
so you don't even have to use it you
might just want to sign on you might
want to just try it out you might want
to just tell a friend about it you might
want to recommend it to somebody you
think it could benefit from it so it's
bigger than just do you want to use it
there's a whole societal thing about
this that's probably more important than
saying a Facebook Facebook is great but
maybe we could have been better off
without it
something like this fills an enormous
social need all right
notice that I've been very permissive in
describing how somebody would use it I
give lots of examples and I made sure
you know there's no wrong way to do it
you could just sign up as an expert on
jumprope and the worst that could happen
is nobody would contact you and ask for
your advice all right it's always good
to be permissive in letting people
imagine what they could do with it
because you might be having an idea
right now that I couldn't have thought
about so there's somebody and of the
people watching this there's somebody
here who's thinking hey I'll bet I could
use that app to do X and I would never
have thought of X so by making a
permissive giving you some examples you
can fill in some of the selling yourself
when we get to a specific ask then you
want to be very specific so when I ask
you at the end of this to consider
downloading it it's free it'll take you
all of 30 seconds to search for it
just look for interface by when hub it's
on the Google Store and the Apple Store
that's all I'll ask I'll ask for that
one little thing but it's very clear so
your ask needs to be
so clear and simple but you want
people's imagination to be expansive as
possible that's your optimal situation
and you saw me just create that now just
looking at my notes to see what else I
want to tell you here's another tip on
how to make something viral the way you
make something viral is you want to have
something about it that just speaks to
people it says what they were already
thinking but it says it better than ever
thinking for example or maybe it's funny
so there has to be something about the
content that's interesting and
provocative alright that could be any
form but it has to be interesting and
provocative the next thing you want it
to be is sort of something that you'd
like to say but it's being said better
in this content so people will forward
things that agree with them people
rarely forward things they disagree with
so you want to find something that
people agree with and they understand
and here's the next part would make them
a hero for sharing it it's the hero
effect when you're watching this have
you said to yourself there's somebody I
know who is maybe maybe they have a
disability they can't leave the house
maybe they have kids they'd like to make
some money without leaving the house for
whatever reason they just need money and
it's sort of an app they can use you
would be a hero
simply for suggesting that they look
into it maybe they use it maybe they
don't but you would be a hero so that's
part of what makes things viral if you
if you give people a way to be a hero
small hero but hero the other thing is
good is tying what you're doing to the
headlines okay so I'm going to do that
right now
if you can tie your product to the
headlines you have a gigantic advantage
in getting people to forward it and talk
about it watch me do that right now we
saw in the news that there was a lot of
questions about
memory what if when there's a headlines
about memory and we're questioning
whether Christine Ford for example dr.
Ford we're questioning whether her
memory was good or what we should know
about the accuracy of memory over 35
years well there could be experts such
as this expert Carmen Seidman who wrote
impossible to ignore this is a book very
much about the techniques I'm talking
about in which you're creating memorable
content to influence decisions wouldn't
you love to hear from a memory expert
you know in in the context of the
headlines so and likewise if a plane
goes down wouldn't you like to have an
aviation expert who knows about that
about that plane well the interface app
would allow anybody who is an expert on
anything that's being talked about in
the news to just go on and then the
media can decide hey we need that an
expert we need to understand this thing
give us an expert oh here we go here's
an expert on that very thing so the
interface app works with headlines
better than most things but in general
you want to tie your thing to a trend to
a headline all right now there's also a
network effect if you haven't heard that
phrase it's sort of like it's a way to
make your product sticky and here are
some examples if you join Facebook and
you've put all your pictures on there
and you got a bunch of friends and stuff
if somebody if somebody created another
Facebook tomorrow it would be a big
problem for you to get off of that
Facebook and move to the brand new
Facebook so the network effect is that
everybody is using it the same product
you are you don't want to lose that
group all right you want to stay with
them
that's why Twitter is hard to reproduce
is why Facebook is hard to reproduce
that's why LinkedIn is hard to reproduce
because once they have enough enough
users going to any other place you're
going to a small
our network and why would you why would
you so the interface app has that
potential as the potentials have enough
experts on it that if you were going to
be an expert why would you go anywhere
else because this is the one that has
all the customers this is the one that
has all the experts if somebody tried
the new one after this one gets big they
would have some trouble attracting
people they would be in the same
position that we're in right now you can
help that network effect happen by using
the product by the way the word you
tends to be very influential so I'm
stopping for another persuasion tip when
you say you it makes people think me
what about me I love me let's talk about
me and then you say you can help the
interface by when Hub app develop over
time a network effect that makes them
far more valuable for everybody using it
it allows the experts to make more money
it allows the users to find more experts
it allows everybody to connect
information with the people who need it
it's like lubrication for society and
you you can be part of that and it takes
almost no effort all you have to do is
say I saw this periscope this cartoonist
was talking about it alright if this
were a normal pitch with a normal
startup I would introduce the team and I
would tell you all about all of our
qualifications but because most of you
know me and you know you know that I'm a
cartoonist you may not know I have a
degree in economics you might not know
that I have an MBA from Berkeley you
might not know I have 16 years of large
business experience that ranges from
marketing to strategy to finance to
technology you may not know that I've
started food companies I've owned
restaurants I've been involved in a
number of startups and have and the the
the Dilber business
has a different time it's been worth you
know hundreds of millions of dollars in
terms of throughput so normally you
would you would want to push those
credentials it's a little less important
in my case but I did it anyway because
it always works alright if there was
anybody here who didn't know I have a
serious business background it was good
to tell you that let me pause here and
see if you have any questions so either
as soon as you get off the app or if you
have a second screen open you might want
to download the app just search for
interface by when hub it's free and you
can kick the tires yourself somebody's
asking why tokens instead of cash we
take we take tokens and cash so if
somebody want if you're an expert and
you only want to be paid in regular old
cash you can do that you just select
that option the other option is to be
paid in the crypto currency that we
created just for the app if you use the
crypto currency we don't take a cut so
anybody who gets paid in our own crypto
currency they're taking a risk that the
value of the crypto will go down or up
right there's an upside there's an
upside potential but there's also a
downside risk because cryptocurrency
fluctuates at the moment it is trading
on the LA token exchange for example and
you could as I think it's equivalent of
like two and a half cents right now
which would be actually pretty good for
a startup so the value of those tokens
will fluctuate with demand for the
tokens which will fluctuate in direct
indirect way with how popular the app is
so if you were to accept payment in when
there is a some possibility that that
when token could increase in value and
then you could trade it on anok
change if you don't want to bother with
cryptocurrency or exchanges and that
would be 95% of you if you don't want to
bother with that you don't have to
there's no there's no requirement to
know any of that if you wanted to tiptoe
into the crypto world well the app comes
with a wallet built into it and you
could start you could start just getting
a toe wet in trying to figure out how
crypto works in a very low-risk way must
you have a LinkedIn account to be an
expert no in the first version just to
keep things simple we asked people to
have a LinkedIn account but right now
you can just put in your bio have the
icon show online how do you know that
someone says their doctor is a real
doctor excellent question
if that doctor happens to be dr. drew
it's pretty obvious so that's the first
answer
secondly the we're going to get I'm
going to give you a specific reason to
that but I can't tell you so that there
will be some doctors coming onto the app
doctors plural which and there will be a
mechanism that you can tell that they're
they're vetted so there will be a
mechanism to do that I can't tell you
more about that but in a few weeks that
should be up and running but yes in the
case of a doctor you do want to some
kind of assurance that you actually are
talking to a real doctor
and ideally one that is licensed to
practice in your state
now we also allow that the first minute
or so the charge doesn't kick in so if
you call somebody and you look at them
you know in 60 seconds you're going to
know if this is a real person or not you
won't be a hundred percent sure but you
usually know right and then you can just
cut the call and you won't be you won't
be charged
what's the persuasion behind the name
interface you know frankly it's hard to
find a name that's already that's not
already taken so you don't have a lot of
options when it comes to picking names
but interface has actually face right in
the name so that's a big plus that's one
of the things I liked about it
persuasion wise and and you are
interfacing with one other person so you
know given the few names that have not
been taken it's pretty good how did the
experts get more money by taking tokens
or cash if they take cash there's a 20%
fee that we take out of it so you should
price accordingly because the bank
between the bank and what we take is 20%
if you're paid in when there's no
nothing taken out of it
but the value of the when might be less
than the value of $1.00 so you would
have to be careful that you knew what
the value of the win was so that you
don't under price or over price it is
you can do it on phones or you can use
it on the tablet if you're using the app
on a tablet be sure to download the
phone version because we didn't we don't
make a tablet version it works just fine
on it on a tablet but you have to
download the phone version onto your
tablet for now at some point we'll have
a tablet version liability concerns not
really because we are a communication
platform so if somebody makes a phone
call with a doctor we the phone company
doesn't have a liability if you email
your doctor as I do I email my doctor
quite often there's no liability of the
email company it's just a communication
vehicle a link to the site if you want
to see information on it go to when hub
comm whe n hu be calm
how can you check the value of when
tokens go to LA token calm la tok and LA
token calm and just type in a wen and
you'll see its current price all right
doctors of course do have liability
somebody asks that question but they
also have liability insurance so right
now we take it credit cards on refund
refund wise you can you can contact us
and depending on the situation we'll
we'll see what we can do but there's a
contact in the app so you can contact
the company and we'll see what we can do
about things ok anybody anybody can use
it
so it's international if you want to do
your transactions and you don't want
your bank involved then you can use the
the crypto option and then there's no
banking records no banks involved how
many apps have been downloaded so far
last I checked there were over 50,000
people who signed up I don't know how
many downloaded but that's somebody
downloaded and signed up your cat is too
skinny and won't walk who do I talk to
you I saw this morning there was a
veterinarian on here actually so you
might try that I don't know if there's
still a veterinarian on there but there
was recently all right did you learn
anything from this so independent of
what you thought of the app did you
learn anything about persuasion and do
you have any other questions seeing lots
of yeses
oh good alright I'm very happy people
are saying yes they are learning
something I didn't want to do this
unless I had value and it looks like you
did I'm very happy about that very very
pleased if you want to learn more about
persuasion you would look at my book
when Bigley
it teaches persuasion it's wrapped
around the story of the 2016 election so
you can learn what the President does
persuasion wise as well as other people
1099s issued no but that's a good
question I should probably look into
them all right
I'm going to sign off now what was that
book name again
my book is called win big Lee and the
other book I recommended on the question
of memory is impossible to ignore
so the impossible to ignore book is the
one you would want to read to learn how
to make presentations that people will
remember and persuade alright that's all
for now I hope this was fun and
informative and I'll talk to you later