hey everybody come on in happy Mother's
Day to all you mothers have you ever
noticed that mothers is one of those
words that either sounds really nice or
really bad
hey it's my mother sounds good
hey you Mother's get in here sounds bad
same word what's up with that well it's
good to see you all and I can't think of
a better way to start off Mother's Day
then with the simultaneous EPS that's
right you're way ahead of me and all you
need for the simultaneous it on Mother's
Day is a mother would be good if there's
a mother they're optional but otherwise
all you need is a cover bar there a
glass the tanker chalice or Stein a
canteen juggler flask out that's all of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine head
of the day the thing makes everything
better
including the damn pandemic it's called
the simultaneous lip and it happens now
go ah yes it's getting better all the
time alright for those of you who did
not watch and somebody the comment says
you blew my mind last night that's what
I wanted to bring up
so last night I did I revealed the user
interface for reality now if that sounds
like I'm over claiming just look at the
comments that'll probably go by in a
moment here so I realized that a lot of
things that I've been mentioning in my
books etc it finally reached the point
where I could put them all in one clean
package and and boost the value so in
many ways it's things you've heard from
me before but you've never seen them
collected this way
and it's the way they're collected and
presented that gives them the new power
so I pinned I pinned the tweet that has
that video I would recommend that
everybody who finds any value from
anything I do that's the one you want to
watch so there's just one thing you ever
watch for me that would be the one so
I'll give it that boost also if those of
you who have not found to be yet on the
locals platform locals with an s calm
I'm moving I'm moving all the content
that you could still see here sorry my
cats causing trouble here I'll move all
the content that you are you see here
you'll still be able to see here but in
addition I'm putting extra stuff on
locals for subscribers just an update my
normal business pretty much is a pretty
much added business as a cartoonist I'm
getting the early indications from my
syndication well the newspapers they're
trying to negotiate and they might close
down so my old business model doesn't
work I'm gonna see if in the long run it
won't work it's sort of advertiser based
because newspapers or advertiser based
online
everything's advertiser based so I'm
moving at least some of my stuff to a
subscriber model to be part of the
future alright enough about that
I watched everybody told me to watch
Elon Musk on the Joe Rogan show I didn't
get through all of it yet but I was
fascinated by his talk about neural link
so one of you on must companies is
neural link and what they're gonna do is
literally implant little electronics in
your skull they'll actually remove a
piece of your skull the bone and insert
their little piece of electronics
they'll have wiring that goes into your
brain where the wiring goes into your
brain depending depends on what problem
you're trying to solve but Elon actually
has made the claim that this device
could be usefully useful for abroad
range of anything that's wrong with your
brain now I don't know how big anything
is but the examples he used were you
know baby you know L Xavier's or
Parkinson's or maybe maybe even people
who are a quadriplegics if you can
believe it you might even be able to to
get people to walk and use their limbs
that they couldn't use before that seems
like that seems like quite a big let's
see goal but I don't know it's the Elan
musk I don't think he'd be involved
unless there was some science behind it
it might actually see this the first one
implanted for whatever the first purpose
is within a year so how weird is that
but will it cure TDS that's funny it's
funny how many of you spontaneously said
will it cure Trump derangement syndrome
you know what the funny thing is it
could they could you don't I'm sure it
will not be used to change opinion but
you can definitely change people's
opinions by stimulating their brain or
changing the chemical balance and that's
well-established
right if you just took somebody and you
know said write down all your opinions
and then you started butyou know
shooting them up with either male or
female hormones and then you just wait a
few months and then test them on their
opinions again I think they'd be a
little different
so you we know we can change people's
opinions by changing their chemical
State alright so yeah I wouldn't call it
shock therapy but it seems like has a
lot of potential the other Gilad musk
story is that you know you're the story
about he was getting rid of all those
properties and he had a bunch of houses
and he was getting rid of them and I
thought to myself wow you know he
probably has houses all over the world
and doesn't use them enough so he's
gonna get rid of him but it turns out
the story is a little different than
that so he had this one house somewhere
in Southern California across the street
was I guess Gene Wilder's house
and that somebody was gonna buy it
probably and do construction for this
for years so he bought the house across
the street just so there wouldn't be
construction there and then he started
buying other houses and out in in the
neighborhood just so he'd have more
privacy and stuff so it turns out he was
basically just buying up his
neighborhood and so yeah I guess he's
decided not to do that so it wasn't
quite exactly the way you thought of it
but he does seem to be serious about
getting rid of physical possessions for
we'll see we'll see if it's all the
right reasons I think it is because he's
he's more about focusing his energy on
his businesses than his his house I
guess he's also threatened to move his
headquarters from California to Texas
because the the lockdown and I don't
know how California can keep any
business it's hard for me to imagine
that there's just any good reason to for
a business to stay in California I hate
to say that because my state but I
imagine he's going to move to Texas and
long run so we're starting to see the
worst kind of fake news now it's
probably when you talk about fake news
being the enemy of the people there are
times when it really really is the enemy
of the people for example if somebody is
trying to overthrow the government with
bad information that's how they're doing
it trying to overthrow the president you
would think that if the media was aiding
and abetting the coup that the media
would be certainly the enemy of the
people and most in the most direct way I
mean you can't be more enemy of the
people than supporting a coup against
the president elected by at least you
know the electoral college and the
system and the people so that's pretty
dangerous but here's a new dangerous
thing that the media is doing the press
anyway
we're going to see lots of stories
there's one today about the Trump
administration and anybody who wants us
to go back to to work sooner having a
certain callousness about life a
callousness now here's the thing in the
real world with the the possible
exception of a few actual sociopaths and
you know in Psychopaths
throughout that many of them but once
you get past that little group of people
everybody cares about human life to
pretend that there's some entire class
of people who care about life let's call
them Democrats and yet there's some
other class of people who don't care
about life let's call them Republicans
is such a childlike view of the world
that it you know it should just be
dismissed without comment even though
I'm gonna comment on it because in the
real world these are just tough
decisions whatever you choose to go you
know whatever direction you go with with
the coronavirus people are gonna die
if you had a choice of nobody dying we
would look at that pretty seriously but
we don't have that choice and so it's
it's like news from the kids table and I
you know I like I like that frame you
saw Greg Gutfeld
uses that a lot as well because I really
think he captures it
you know the adults have to make
decisions back who lives and dies and
there's just no way around it but for
the kids table to to claim that the
adults are being callous it's anything
but that and in it's way more ridiculous
when Democrats accused Republicans of
callousness about life do I even need to
finish the sentence I mean think of the
ridiculousness all right all right my
cat's really started to be a problem now
she only wants to stand between me and
the iPad so you'll see it a little a
little bit but as long as the the issue
of abortion is still a gigantic national
issue
it's hard to say that it's the
Republicans who are callous about life
now I'm not giving you an opinion I'm
not giving you my opinion on an abortion
you already know that my opinion is
women should work it out and they can
tell me what they want the law to be and
I will just support whatever this
whatever women want
I just think women should decide on
abortion laws that's just my personal
opinion you can vote you can do anything
you want I'm not telling you that you
shouldn't I'm just saying that
personally I don't have anything to add
to the conversation I would rather keep
my opinion out of it and if women
collectively want the abortion law to be
one way or the other I don't have
anything to add to that but I'll support
their decision all right so that's just
gonna bother me the whole callousness
argument that's really the enemy of the
people situation because to the extent
that it handicaps the leaders who have
to make the adult decision they don't
have an option it's not like the leaders
have an option they got to make a tough
decision and lots of them all right
some Canadian doctors have did a little
write-up in which in their opinion the
spread of covered 19 is entirely from
droplets meaning comes out of your mouth
and falls on a surface so in their
opinion there's so little chance it's
just completely unrealistic that it's
going to travel through the air for much
of anything that's not really air
assault unless you're in a very unique
situation like a medical situation where
it's actually gets air assault but in
the normal life these Canadian doctors
say that you could almost ignore the
risk of it traveling through the air in
other words if you were super super
careful about not touching objects and
super care you know about and also
careful about disinfecting and you were
super careful about not touching your
face that you'd probably be fine which
is interesting because what it what it
suggests is that there might be some
better thing than a mask I've actually
considered the thought
time's something to my oh here's an idea
to have a wristband have a little
wristband that can tell when you are
your arm is as high as your neck because
during the day you've probably seen me
touch my face 15 times something on
periscope already this morning it's sort
of automatic but what if every time you
raise your hand your your arm buzz and
you'd be like oh oh oh I think I think
that very quickly you would train
yourself not to do it now my problem of
course is I get issues especially when
I'm on camera whenever I'm on camera my
face itches
especially what I think I'm not supposed
to be touching it so that's why I use my
my back scratcher to take care of that
I'm starting to think that the the
business model or the nature of news and
how you get it is going through an
interesting transformation right now so
the old news was you got your news
networks your news organizations but it
seems to be now that we're sort of
especially with this coronavirus stuff
it feels like there are individuals on
social media who are becoming news
channels themselves so you've seen this
with the coronavirus where people will
become sort of a prominent Twitter
account for doing a good job of
surfacing you know information and
arguments and I feel like that in some
way I kind of fell into that because
it's the topic of the day so I do a lot
of tweeting on it but I realized that if
I do a good job of taking other people's
suggestions of yeah this is a good
article or this is a good tweet and if I
do a good job of just curating the
information that people are sending to
me that I become like a little news
channel so reading my my twitter feed
would give you an angle on the news that
I've curated to be reliable or
provocative or you know just something
that I'm looking for some experts to
weigh in on and I think we're heading
toward a
model where the the major news
organizations largely just tell you what
the topic is and then once they've said
okay what we're talking about is this
story I think social media is going to
become sort of the the detailed news
channels where you say okay it's a story
about that who's who on social media is
going to be good at curating that stuff
and then you go find them and say all
right I'll do a deep dive on this you
know if it's that let's say it's a story
about some military thing there's
probably a retired general with a good
Twitter account so you say oh it's one
of those stories go to the Twitter
account then that's your news channel
this is whoever curates that news so
remember I keep telling you that you
should forget about testing to save us
now it's not that we want to someday
have enough testing to do anything we
want because it is increasing in ability
all the time but it won't happen too
fast enough that we can wait for it so
that was the main point is that it's way
slower than you think it's way worse
than you think testing isn't gonna save
you so see you then have some good
points on that to reiterate that point
you've heard about the highly touted
Abbott system that can rapidly you know
it's like a laboratory in a box and it
can rapidly give you a result in minutes
so when you heard that you set yourself
whoa there are these devices that are
already in lots of places so you don't
even have to you know buy them they're
already in lots of places and you can do
a test with those existing devices and
in minutes that's like a big deal all
right but you can have up to a 15% to
1/5 false negative rate and one test
showed up to a 25% false negative rate
meaning that you could you could miss a
diagnosis up to one and four times
that's not so good secondly it can take
most of the tests the other kind of
tests that are not the
you do in a few minutes there might be a
little more accurate but it takes days
to get your results back days meanwhile
you might be wandering around infecting
everybody you know so those are really
big problems and I just wanted to give
you that update because I just don't
think we should it it's the kids table
who keeps saying well why don't we do
more testing and it's the adult table
saying you know we'd be doing that if we
could it's hard we don't we can't
instantly scale up I mean there are a
lot of companies working really hard and
a lot of money a lot of attention it's
probably a top national priority
everything that can be done probably is
being done I doubt there's anything
being left on the table when it comes to
getting testing up and running but the
kids table is I've got an idea
has anybody thought of doing more
testing because I read that somewhere
that's good so if we're not doing that
we must be all idiots so that's the news
from the kids tables that nobody thought
of testing have you wondered as I have
what was the problem that Obama had with
general Flynn have you somebody says you
are mistaken you can give a reason just
don't say you are mistaken
I blocked people for that you might be
new so I saw for the first time a little
bit of a teaser for what problem Obama
had with Flynn how many of you know why
Obama specifically warned Trump not to
hire Flynn I think he was the only
person that Obama call that was
specifically just one person it's only
one person and somebody says the Iran
deal maybe that's what Flynn was fired
for so here are the things in the CNRS
CNN article there is one reference to
crazy ideas
the Flint had quote crazy ideas I don't
know what they were there is a reference
to Flint having aggressive stance on
combating Islamic terrorism now is his
aggressive stance on combating Islamic
terrorism is that the category in which
he had the quote crazy ideas and what
about and there was also a reference to
insubordination in the in the Obama
administration was Flynn insubordinate
because he disagreed was an
insubordinate and specifically the
Islamic extremism is you know exactly
what does that mean insubordination and
then I guess he also was criticizing you
know Obama policy so so obviously
somebody that Trump would say he's
perfect for my team it seems unlikely
that he would also be perfect for
Obama's team somebody say he was against
the Iran deal now isn't that interesting
that you think I'm not saying you're
wrong
because that sounds quite reasonable
isn't it interesting that those of you
who follow the dude was probably more
conservatives on this this audience than
other that you knew that and I think
you're probably right
I'd have to fact-check that but you knew
that it was about the Iran deal but yet
when I read CNN and I was looking for
details I didn't see a rat mentioned it
was just a llama
extremism all right
so I'm still curious what the exact
point of concern was Obama could not
count on Flynn's loyalty but that
wouldn't be a reason for him to warning
Warren Trump not to use Flynn yeah then
there's there's also the theory I think
this is just unconservative news the
theory that Flynn Flynn would have seen
all the secrets
so if Flynn had gotten the top job he
would have access to all the you know
top secret information and he would
uncover all this bad stuff here's what's
wrong with that theory whoever got the
job would be in
able to do that how does that make sense
do we think that Flynn would be the one
person who would look into it deeply
once he had all that access I don't
think so wouldn't literally anybody who
got that job looking look into
everything it seems to be there whoever
had the job was gonna look into the
whole Russia collusion origin it was
going to happen know about it in fact it
did so we didn't have Flynn there and
the exact thing that some of you think
they were worried about was the Flynn
would research what was happening that's
exactly what happened there was no Flynn
but you get your attorney general bar
you get you know basically it happened
anyway so I'm not really buying the
argument that the Obama administration
wanted to get rid of Flynn just for that
reason right because that doesn't make
sense all right um
that's about all I had to talk about
today she didn't have much going on
just making sure yes that's true
Flynn knew everything wasn't Flynn
undercover I don't know if he was
undercover talking point the Flynn was
an agent of Turkey yeah what's up with
that that feels like another case of
fake news right because the turkey
situation I believe we know that Flynn
was getting paid by somebody in Turkey
to do some kind of advising but if you
don't know the real details of that do
you know anything because that's not the
kind of sort it's not the sort of story
that if you know most of it then you
know anything because first of all
Turkey is a you know NATO ally
so is there is there necessarily
anything wrong with a retired general
you know working for or advising or even
lobbying for a NATO ally well as long as
we know what's happening I suppose it's
okay so if there's some issue there that
would be separately I guess
lots of evidence coming out on Obama now
somebody says so he says Scott it was
because he needed the DRG and I see were
corrupted but my point is no matter who
went into that job would have looked
into it it just it doesn't seem like the
FBI could have reasonably thought the
Flynn was the only risk and that you
have to take him out it seemed like a
big play to take out a guy who would
probably just be replaced by somebody
else would do the same thing
clapper sworn testimony and transcripts
contradicts his sworn live congressional
testimony somebody says I'll bet not
I'll bet not I'll bet if you looked at
what clapper said it in public and then
compared it really word for word closely
with what he said under oath I don't
think you're gonna find the difference
that you hope because when he's talking
on TV he can say his things such as well
you know Don junior went to a meeting
and Trump did say in public hey Russia
help us out so he can say I was talking
about those things and you know those
things happened you're watching the same
news I am so yeah I thought there was
some evidence
I saw you saw the same thing so I think
all he has to do is say that and I doubt
I doubt there's much there that would
really he probably hedged himself just
about right is my guess so I'd be
surprised if he's in legal trouble if
you take out the Logan Act you have
nothing yeah that whole Logan Act thing
was so lame the thought that the
incoming administration couldn't have a
brief conversation with the people
they'll be negotiating within a few
months that's that's as that is as big a
flag as you could have for it's as big
if I guess you could have for somebody
anyway
the pom-pom but nobody did until a bar
Trump was almost taken down yeah I
suppose you could argue that Trump was
almost taken down so somebody says no he
was replaced by McMaster who's something
that says as a deep state er all right
good point so by how did that happen how
did that happen that somebody who was
not going to be helpful got that job
I guess Trump had a lot of jobs to fill
about that time
Scott is woefully behind on Obama gate
well I don't know if I'm behind or if
I'm not making the same leaps of
assumption that other people were making
I mean I know what the transcript says I
know that Obama
I know Obama was aware of the Flint
wiretapping but that's all we know what
was the name of the book you suggested
about colonial America I can't remember
the name of it right now and I can't see
my bookshelf it wasn't under oath in
public so it doesn't matter that is
correct it doesn't matter what he said
in public if you're not under oath
all right oh they were all claiming
access to secret evidence on TV well
that's the point though it doesn't
matter what he said on TV I would like
to see a clip of the things that clapper
said on TV that we know to be false now
I haven't seen that of you it seems like
somebody's probably working on a
compilation did
post a picture of the whiteboard from
last night I did yes you could see that
on YouTube so if you go to youtube or I
think mm I'm not sure if the podcast has
that it might but if you got a YouTube
you should be able to see the photos
all right I don't have much else yet I
will talk to you tonight tonight I'll
talk to you tonight see that