bum-bum-bum-bum-bum hey everybody hey
Joe
Andrew come on in grab a seat inside for
a coffee with Scott Adams as luck would
have it that's me and you're here for
the simultaneous ascent which happens
when my user count hits 1,000 which
happens pretty quickly these days and if
you'd like to participate in these
simultaneous it all you need is a cup or
a mug or glasses snifters Diane jealous
tanker thermos flask canteen growl
goblet vessels of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I'll bet you know
that I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure the dopamine
hit of the day the thing that makes that
really better simultaneous it go mm-hmm
whoo doggies all right well there's a
whole bunch of fun and interesting stuff
in the news interestingly here's what's
not in the news lots of bad stuff think
about that do you remember when the news
used to be about disasters and people
dying and tragedies and all those things
not anymore
we have entered the golden age my
friends and the Golden Age everything's
trending good and when something bad
happens we take care of it pretty
quickly compared to the past hello Ezra
Bridger Azerbaijan Glenn all right all
right let's talk about a few things
Devon newness wrote a letter to Adam
Schiff
which was sort of mocking and sort of
serious and the headline there is that
newness that said in direct language
that shift needs long-term
rehabilitation after his many public
lies that he knew her lies now have all
been exposed as lies now I could not
love this more if Devon Dunas had said
oh you lied we right you were wrong
because in normal wouldn't get any
headlines and it wouldn't be very clever
but by suggesting that the shift needs
rehabilitation he's kind of taking it to
another level he's making you think past
the sale which is did shift do something
bad and all the way past that - should
we consider rehabilitation now he
doesn't specify what rehabilitation
means now but the implication is that
it's sort of a mental health character
issue and I'm starting to think that
that's actually accurate for perhaps
Sadler and chef you know when you're
watching Schumer or Pelosi say stuff
that is the same stuff often the same
stuff that Shifa members are saying you
can kind of tell that they're just being
political can't you wouldn't you say
that when you're watching Nancy she
doesn't seem crazy she doesn't seem
mentally ill she's just taking a side
and you know why you know what's in
there for her and you know there's
strategy but it doesn't look crazy
same with Schumer Schumer never looks
crazy
does he you know he's very political etc
I'm not crazy but when you look at
Schiff and Adler I wouldn't say they're
crazy in some typical medical sense but
clearly these are people who have a
different level of issue with the
president than the purely political
people do
I don't think Hillary Clinton is crazy
you know there are lots of Democrats who
are not crazy but when I look at chef
and endler there's something else going
would you not agree there's some
emotional character something there's a
little extra going on there I don't know
what it is but when newness is just that
shift needs rehabilitation it kind of
hits that part of your brain this as
yeah there's something about a chef he's
not like the other politicians that you
disagree with there's something extra
going on there that maybe needs to be
looked at now we're not medical
professionals we cannot diagnose things
but as a political strategy to reframe
chef's as somebody who's got a problem
as opposed to someone who has a
different opinion not bad Devin newness
not bad thumbs up
speaking of reframing Lindsey Graham
finally came in with the well I'm not
gonna call it a kill shot but it's a
very strong reframing hasn't it been
driving you crazy listening to the
Democrats talking about the president
and impeachment in Ukraine and saying
and I quote he's not above the law he's
not above the law he's not above the law
he's not above the law now what makes me
crazy about that is that it's pretty
effective it bothers me because it works
and what it works to do is make you
think past think that's the the question
of whether the president committed a
crime you think past that to the
question of should he be free of
punishment for that crime so it's a
tricky persuasive persuasion trick to
say he's not above the law when there's
no suggestion at the moment that any law
was actually broken in fact the
impeachment articles don't even mention
a law there's no law even mentioned
after all that after all that
investigation they couldn't even find a
law that was broken I mean I think you
and I if you and I got investigated
they'd probably find some law that we
broke
that we don't even know we broke but
they've investigated the president up
and down they can't find a law then he
broke so they keep saying presidents not
above the law which is good persuasion
bad ethics but Lindsey Graham has
countered in the interview he said I
love Joe Biden but none of us are above
scrutiny so that's talking about whether
President Trump had a right to look into
Brisbane and the Biden's so this is good
framing from Lindsey Graham none of us
are above scrutiny
now since Biden is not accused of
breaking the law and Lindsey Graham has
said directly and I think he said it
before there he does have a real
affection for Joe Biden he actually he
likes the guy so he's now saying Joe
Biden isn't above the law because that
would be pretty weaselly that would be
weaselly because it was make again it
would make you make you imagine that
there had been a law that somebody is
suggesting Joe Biden broke but nobody is
suggesting that there is no law that
anybody suggests he broke there is only
the question of swamp eNOS that maybe
needs to be looked into because you
don't know why you find what you look
into it
scrutiny so when Graham says no one of
his above scrutiny that's pretty strong
persuasion good wording good choice of
words a plus Lindsey Graham let's talk
about Trump Trump tweeted he does his
father's tweets on the weekend I think
he has more time to think about it while
he's golfing and whatnot but he tweeted
and I quote talking about Nancy Pelosi
Trump says in the tweet because Nancy's
teeth were falling out of her mouth and
she didn't have time to think that was
in reference to somebody else was saying
she was confused about something or got
something wrong and Trump actually
tweets about her dentures falling out
now here's the funny part about this the
funny part about that is that's all
that's all I'm gonna be seeing the next
time I see or talk I'm just gonna be
looking at her mouth and listening to
hear the clink of her dentures I think
there are dentures I'm not positive she
even has dentures can anybody confirm
that because it could be that she's just
slurring her words for whatever reason
but it does sound like she has dentures
so what's funny about this is that Trump
is the master of trash-talking like you
went in a sport so when he my favorite I
think was when Trump said that Marco
Rubio was sweaty that is the ultimate
excellent excellent
trash talk because it gets in his head
and makes Marco Rubio think am i
sweating I hope I don't sweat I have to
worry about everything but I also have
to worry about sweating oh my god
thinking about sweating is making me
sweating am i sweating now oh no I'm
sweating sweating makes me nervous one
sweat anymore if you ever want to really
get in somebody's head the the Trump he
sweats too much play on Marco Rubio you
can't beat that that gets in the head
and is so self-reinforcing especially
during moments of stress it's just so
good you you know you did a bad way
right I'm not saying you should do this
you know you can make your own moral and
ethical judgments about things but you
can't argue it doesn't work it's really
strong Pelosi grip I see that Andrew all
right
likewise when Trump calls out Nancy's
false teeth if they even are false teeth
I have no idea if that's true but it's
gonna make her self-conscious as all
get-out
now when you become super self-conscious
when you're speaking
what happens you don't do your best and
I don't know how Nancy Pelosi could
possibly not be self-conscious when the
President of the United States calls
that her dentures was flapping around
when she talks if she has dentures I
just don't know if that's even true so
again it's a classic Trump get in your
head kind of thing and it's good stuff
now he had another one today I think I
wrote that one down
uh-oh forgot the right thing went down
oh yeah
so Trump also tweeted he was talking
about the debates for the general
election and he said I look very much
this is a tweet today from Trump I look
very much forward to debating whoever
the lucky person is who stumbles across
the finish line and the little washed
do-nothing Democrat its stumble I have
to read it again cause it's so damn
funny I look very much forward to
debating whoever the lucky person is who
stumbles across the finish line and the
little watched do-nothing Democrat to me
there are so many insults in that one
sense it's it's like now as you know
when the Democrats read this the anybody
who's anti Trump they're gonna say well
that's not funny that's not clever
that's just mean
you know he's just being a bully why are
you laughing at that that's not clever
the joke is not what he writes that's
not the joke and he knows that the joke
is the reaction to it that's the joke so
when you read this you know what the
reaction is going to be and that's the
thing that makes me laugh is what is why
he's done to people how much he's got in
their head
so I tweeted this morning that for the
last few years people have been arguing
with me whether I would say the
President Trump is the most persuasive
person I've ever seen in my lifetime you
know as far as the public figure and
people would argue that point they say
are you kidding me he's not persuasive
and that I was jokingly tweeting this
morning that well if you say he's not
persuasive you have to explain I didn't
say this part but I'll say it now you
have to explain is 95 percent approval
among Republicans or whatever it is it's
something pretty high at the same time
he's managed to convince the Democratic
Party to work full time for his
reelection now it's called the
impeachment process but the effect of it
is because Trump has managed to sort of
take control of the the narrative if you
will he's winning the narratives he's
winning the persuasion if you will and
the effect of it is that he has the
entire Democratic Party working as hard
as they can literally working overtime
they're actually working long hours into
the night literally working overtime to
get him elected because that's the
obvious I will come of all of this so
that's funny
so what else we got
I had to delete a tweet a tweeted
yesterday because the world is so darned
AMA I tweeted a suggestion for filtering
on Twitter to filter out trolls
now what happens on Twitter if you make
a suggestion of any type doesn't matter
what the suggestion is if you tweet a
suggestion you will get the following
results something like 2/3 of the people
who will be in your comments will
misinterpret what you said into
something stupid and then and then go
after you like crazy for being so stupid
but they're rarely criticizing what you
said or
rather they've turned it into some weird
stupid thing just so they could
criticize it so I was spending too much
time yesterday going into the comments
and saying no I didn't say that no
that's not the idea no that's not how it
works until I realized that could never
end you know there would be just
thousands of people who just would be
misinterpreting it and blaming me so I
deleted it but I'm gonna tell you what
the idea was the idea was to have an
option
/ to eat they'll listen to this it's the
per tweet part that's important that the
author of the tweet can say that for
this tweet and just this suite alone I
won't accept where I won't see let's say
you can just mute them automatically
anybody who's anonymous so you can still
comment all you want if you're an
anonymous account you can keep your
anonymous account you can comment you
can tweet you can do anything you want
but I personally would have the option
of not seeing it now the stronger
version of that is that they can't
actually comment I'm not opposed to that
but if he wanted to give everybody their
full freedom of speech you could just
say well actually I think I would prefer
it if I could just block them now the
here are the complaints that people made
when I made that suggestion somebody
says that Jack Dorsey doesn't like
suggestions
he literally liked my suggestion so on
Twitter Jack Dorsey actually hit the
like button now that doesn't mean he
thinks it's a good suggestion the way I
the way I interpret it is you may know
that Jack Dorsey and Twitter recently
announced that they formed some external
working group to try to figure out you
know better ways to filter and and run
algorithms on Twitter so he's actively
looking for suggestions there they're
actively brainstorming how do we make
Twitter healthier etc so I think the
like that you put on the suggestion had
more to do with encouraging the
brainstorming that and liking this
specific idea that's my interpretation
of it anyway
so then so some people asked how can you
tell if somebody's anonymous you know
how could you detect it yeah that's a
real good question
and I don't know the answer to it but I
imagine it could be done because when
you sign up for Twitter you at least
have to give them a phone number or an
email and there are probably a number of
ways that you could sort of determine if
somebody is real
now there's the the blue check verified
system but that's only for some people
so is there a way that you could build
into Twitter a a way to test whether
they're being anonymous or using their
real name that would not be maybe a
hundred percent accurate but would work
alright here's a suggestion if you want
to be able to comment and be known as a
real person you could maybe upload your
ID so you can upload your driver's
license and if you driver's license
matches matches the name you're using in
your profile then that that would be a
real person now I don't know if that's
practical I don't know if you could do
that and it's you know it's an
international thing so they'd have to
handle IDs from different countries etc
but it would be a nice option yeah so ID
theft would still be a problem but most
people would not bother I think most
trolls would not bother to get a fake ID
just to pretend to be a real person what
it would be just as easy to continue
being anonymous what would be the point
of pretending to be a real person on
Twitter when you could just have an
actual you know fake profile yeah so I
don't think there's incentive to get a
fake ID just so you look like a real
person on Twitter except for you know a
few pranksters what
should be a trivial problem the other
thing I wonder is if you were to put
your name and address into Twitter when
you signed up there are probably enough
public resources that that know where
people live in other words you probably
find out if somebody lives in that zip
code under the name that they're
claiming and they are the age that they
claim because right now you can sign up
for a service to do a background check
of anybody if you do a background check
on anybody you can find their address
you can find their age their baton their
date of birth and their real name stuff
like that so you can imagine in a
process where somebody has to put their
name and address in and and Twitter
could at least check to see if there's
somebody by that name who lives in that
area now that still allows you to take
the name of somebody who's not on
Twitter alright so none of these are
foolproof systems they're all just some
brainstorming suggestions anyway so
here's the main point some of the people
who didn't like the idea thought hey
you're taking away my freedom to speak
anonymously and since I have to speak
anonymously
because I might get fired from my day
job if I give my real opinion wouldn't
you Scott to be missing out on good
opinions to which I say probably not
probably not if I were to block all the
people who are anonymous but still allow
all the people who are under their real
identity would I miss anything important
because it seems to me that the opinions
that move the world
in other words opinions that actually
matter are the ones that people will say
out loud if you have an opinion that
you're not willing to say out loud
because you would get fired I understand
that you know it's tough to be a trump
supporter these days but you can
guarantee that there's somebody who will
say that same thing under a real
identity there's probably nothing
that you you would be afraid of saying
because you might get fired there's
probably nothing that there isn't
somebody else who is perfectly willing
to say it in public under their real
name so would I miss any of the
excellent opinions of the anonymous
people theoretically yes but I think in
the real world essentially no because
most people have pretty similar opinions
on each side of the political realm and
if the anonymous people I'd never see on
a particular tweet I'll see people who
are not anonymous probably with the same
opinions so I probably won't miss
anything the other point is that your
freedom of speech is not impinged by my
freedom to ignore you so I certainly
have the freedom to not see your speech
while at the same time you have a you
have the freedom to speak all you want
tweet all you want
etc hey so I just put that idea out
there for thought so what it is not is
something just for the blue checks you
would need some other way to verify
people's identity don't know what that
is
alright speaking of that sort of thing
I've started posting these periscopes
which as you know get posted over to
YouTube but YouTube D monetizes all of
my stuff and then makes me go through
the manual process to romana ties it
when it's too late because all the
traffic's already going by so that's
still happening and by the way I have
verified that YouTube does still run ads
on my stuff that's demonetized
now I don't know the details of that but
wouldn't you assume that if we can
observe it I mean we could just look at
it and we could say okay it's
demonetized you can check that for sure
because it says so and then you can also
check that you're looking at an
advertisement at the same time it says
do you monetize so it's not like you
can't
see that the advertisements are running
when it's demonetised now do you think
that they're running advertisements and
not collecting money from the
advertisers because I'm deep monetized
well anything's possible I'm thinking
that's not what's happening I'm thinking
that YouTube is keeping the money from
the ads and simply not giving them to me
now I would need confirmation that
that's true but if it is true it's
obviously a class-action lawsuit and I
would imagine that there would be a lot
of people in my situation who would join
them so let me put this out to you if
there are others having exactly the same
problem but only if you have some
visibility on the question of whether
YouTube is really making money while at
the same time to be monetizing me if
that's true that I would have to say
that's certainly lawsuit material but
it's an open question I believe that the
trend of Trump supporters lying to
pollsters is growing and it should grow
I recommend and I'm going to say this is
unbelie-- if you're a trump supporter
and you get polled you should lie and
say you're not now you don't have to of
course it's free country you can say
whatever you want but wouldn't it be
funny if the polls were amazingly wrong
you have to admit it would be funny but
also why would you take the chance of
giving your information to an anonymous
pollster in an age when absolutely
nothing is anonymous could the pollsters
identify who you are they have your
phone number
right if they have your phone number and
they know that you said you're a trump
supporter does that information exist in
a database that could someday be bad for
you yes because the Democrats are saying
explicitly that they're going to come
after Trump supporters it's not even a
theory
it's happening right now if they had a
list of who voted for Trump they would
use that list do you think the polling
companies are so secure that there's no
employee of a polling company who can
get ahold of that data and put it on the
Internet of course they can't now I
don't know what the odds are but of
course that could happen in fact I would
say the odds of it happening what at
least 20% minimum right 20% chance that
you'll be on the list that says you're a
trump supporter based on answering a
poll if you're a trump supporter and you
honestly answer a pollster that's just
bad thinking because it doesn't help
Trump to say that he's more popular
because he's running anyway he got the
nomination you don't have to help chunk
he already got the nomination he's the
candidate so you can't help him by
answering honestly you can't help me by
answering honestly because I don't want
you to lose your job
I don't want you to be on a list that
says you're you know you should be
shunned in the future so what will help
me if you tell the truth can you think
of anybody in the world it would help if
you told the truth to a pollster I can't
I can't think of any benefit to that I
can think of a lot of risk
I can't think of any benefit all right
as you know I've been field testing the
response to people who say okay boomer
and depending on the context I continue
to find that my clever response Marsh
Snyder's one of the proponents of this
as I say okay Doomer with addy
okay doober so far seems to stop all
conversation so when there's somebody
who's afraid that Trump is destroying
the world or Isis is taking over or
climate change is going to kill us all
okay do Burger just totally stops the
conversation but test it yourself that's
anecdotal I have a new criteria for
blocking people I blocked somebody this
morning every now and then as many of
you are aware I will retweet a Democrat
or somebody who's anti-trump err because
there's something they said that I think
you should see or I thought or I agree
with it yesterday or today forget I
tweeted a OCE and it was part of a
larger rant she had about health care
but one of them was that she had 60
options that she had to figure out which
one she wanted and that nobody should go
through that kind of paperwork so AOC
had a tweet complaining about the
complexity of making a decision on click
on health care in the current system I
completely agree with that criticism and
so i retweeted it and then somebody came
came after me in the comments and said
that I need to explain why I've
retweeted that as if I'm not allowed to
retweet somebody who's on the other team
according to you that's an instant block
now okay so I want to make sure I've
warned you all if you tell me that I
should not have or could not have or
it's bad form or it's a bad idea to
retweet somebody on the other team
instant block I don't want to have any
association with people who are always
seeing this as a team sport
you can see it as a team sport and
you're welcome to do that I just don't
want to hear from you because that's
that's just nothing useful so if you got
blocked today that's why I continue to
test my provocative theory that I call
artists versus economists and on Twitter
I was tweeting that you can you can tell
if somebody is more likely to be an
artist or more likely to be one of the
fields where you learn Korean
thinking economists being was standing
for that as is the way on Twitter this
was radically misinterpreted and then
once again I had to spend my whole day
explaining to people that they didn't
understand the point and they were sure
that I had contradicted myself and so I
ended up just deleting the suite because
it was it was just exhausting to explain
to people that they can't read over and
over again no you can't read trying to
try reading it again hmm maybe if you
read it perhaps you should read the
tweet and then comment you know I so I
just got exhausted doing that but here
is what I've learned I continue to do
this test and it continues to work in
ways that are scary because I used to
think maybe there were smart people and
dumb people in the world and I'm
starting to think that's not the case at
least in an IQ sense I'm starting to
think that our that a lot of our
differences in terms of how we see the
world are based on what education and
experience we have in one domains and
that some of them don't teach you how to
think but here's the worst part you
don't know that you don't know that you
don't know how to think so that you
think you have common sense you think
you're equal to the other people who
have learned that I think because you
can't tell the difference so look for
that once you see it you can't unsee it
the number of crazy comments that come
from people in the arts is it's
astonishing it's very consistent I
somebody was mentioning Krugman now I
shouldn't have to say this I shouldn't
have to say this you're adults right
most of you you understand this
something like this where I'm saying
artists or economists you understand
that doesn't mean every time every
person right and you should understand
that when I say artists
characteristic most of the people who
came after me said bus cough you draw
Dilbert you draw Dell world's God so is
it that inconsistent with you saying
that artists are not going to critical
thinking Scott now that of course is a
complete misunderstanding and the point
the point is that if the only thing you
studied was art on average you're
probably not going to have the same with
thinking tools as somebody who studied
let's say art and also economics and
also science and also psychology so
there are very few people who have only
studied art or only studied economics
it's a it's a generality it's meant to
be a generality and right there are no
absolutes there so if you're arguing it
from a perspective of there's an
exception you know hey it's Craig
Manning an exception I'm just not
interested of course there are
exceptions you don't have to ask me
about every one of them all right
did you see Rudy Giuliani's tweet thread
which suggests he's found out all kinds
of damning things over in Ukraine so I
guess he's been traveling over there
digging up dirt on something I don't
know but he seems he seems to indicate
he's got all kinds of you know good
stuff I don't know if any of that's real
but it's interesting it's interesting
here's a random thought you know john
mcafee he was the person who created
McAfee the antivirus stuff but he's an
interesting character a I think he's he
would get arrested if he came to this
country but I realized that he follows
me on Twitter and I follow him would you
be interested in having me ask John
McAfee to come on periscope because he's
announced his presidential run and I
think I can't imagine who would be
more interesting with him so I'll just
put that out there if you'd want it if
you want me to invite John McAfee on the
periscope I don't know if he'd come but
I can't imagine anybody who wouldn't be
more interesting all right here's a
study have you been seeing all the talk
about the damage of porn and let's say
self-gratification so there's a lot of
conservatives especially talking about
porn and people who are using it doing a
certain thing and how it's damaging
people so I was reading this study and
it said that the erectile dysfunction
rates for been under 40 has gone up
quite a bit so so the number of people
with low libido is skyrocketing and the
article I was reading says no variable
related to youthful erectile dysfunction
has meaningfully changed since then so
they're saying that the only thing
that's changed is that there's more porn
or better porn so this suggestion is
that the men who are looking at porn and
then when they try to have sex with real
women they can't function because the
poorness or to rewire their brain I
think that's true so I'm gonna say
that's you know my assumption is so
that's completely demonstrable but
here's my only quibble
there's definitely something else that's
changed so when the article says nothing
else has changed except there's more
porn that's not true is it let me
suggest some other things that have
changed diet so I as people are saying I
don't know if that has a scientific
bearing but it's changed and certainly
it's implicated in you know the whole
sex hormones situation here's another
thing that's changed the the me too
movement now the meetin movement I think
most of us generally think it's a
positive thing in the sense that women
have been harassed for you know eons and
now there's you know at least they're
starting to get at least a little bit
closer to you know some kind of relief
from that and me to moved and being a
big part of that but here's my
controversial statement if you were a
young man working in a corporate
environment in the let's say the
eighties just to pick a decade you were
surrounded by sex sexual suggestions and
it was just a completely that was my
experience anyway is that being a young
person working in the corporate world
was so sexualized it was crazy and the
number of people who were in the office
who were having you know extramarital
affairs and you know and coupling up
with each other was through the roof and
the conversations were often sexual you
know by today's standards they would all
be grounds for grounds for firing but
back then it was it was common good or
bad I'm not putting a there's no
judgement on this right I'm just
describing so when might roles take at
this time in context later I'm not
saying the old days were better I'm just
describing the difference so and then
you were also in an environment where
people were you know dressing in some
cases more provocatively probably more
so than today so I think there was also
more continuous daytime exposure to
real-world things that were getting men
kind of worked up during the day so that
changed because I'll bet I'll bet you
that men are not even making eye contact
in the hallways as much when they're
walking down the hallways if a woman is
walking the other direction and by the
way I've completely stopped making eye
contact when I remember to do it because
my reflex let's say I'm walking by
somebody in a hallway we're on a
sidewalk or something
my reflex is to look at their face in
cases somebody I know or in case they're
just friendly you know Baylor females
and just say hi but if I if I catch that
it's a woman walking the other direction
I'm more likely to just you know look
look down or look the other direction
now so here's my point if you're male
your body chemistry is greatly
influenced by the inputs during the day
and if the inputs during the day used to
be more let's say overtly sexual and now
they're less so because people are you
know actively trying to avoid looking
and thinking and acting a certain way
that would make a difference wouldn't it
is it not also true that the
testosterone level of men has dropped
every decade that's true too right I
don't know why but that's changed so
wouldn't the drop in in testosterone
explain explain things as much as born
unless the porn is causing the drop in
testosterone
maybe all right
and let me let me pivot to some of my
predictions all right so that I'm gonna
get back to the porn thing because I was
one of my predictions so I've told you
often that if you want to test your
worldview the best way to do it is to
see if you can predict things so I've
made a number of predictions some you've
seen something you don't know about I'll
tell you about and I test them so I'm
gonna test them right now and what I
found is that I have a bad track record
on let's say ordinary stuff like if just
some ordinary person is running for
office and I try to predict who's gonna
win I'm not especially good at that
because there's nothing there that works
to my special knowledge but if there's
somebody in the race or in the world who
has special persuasion skills I probably
have a little advantage there because I
can recognize
so for example as you know I identified
Trump as being persuasive and likely to
win the presidential election before
other people and I also noticed a OC as
having a special skill when most people
were calling her a flash in the pan and
the bartender and stuff like that and
now she's practically running the
Democratic Party so I seem to be good in
certain categories but let me tell you
some of the least let's say the wildest
predictions I've ever made and see how
I've done on the most unusual ones okay
in my book the Dilbert future that I
that was published in 1997 I made a
prediction that still catches me flak
20-some years later and the prediction
was this that evolution would be
debunked in my lifetime in scientific
terms not in religious terms so I never
said that I never said that evolution
would be debunked in favor of you know
Genesis but I did say this science would
debunk evolution in my lifetime has that
happened yes
now when I say debunked that's of course
a strong term but it is true that there
is an alternate explanation of evolution
then is backed by small number but real
scientists Nick Bostrom who's a I
believe a scientist is the one who came
up with it and it certainly would make
evolution you know on a but not
applicable so imagine how wild how wild
that prediction was that's a the entire
scientific community was saying no you
know we scientists all agree for the
most part evolution evolution and I
publicly predicted against that not in
terms of a
explanation but as a scientific one here
was my thinking my thinking is
specifically and here's the reason they
gave for why I thought it would why it
would be rethought I said that the next
hundred years will be a search for a
better perception instead of better
vision in other words my prediction
about evolution was based on our
perception of our reality and that's
what simulation theory is it's about a
perception of our reality it's not about
whether this fossil is real it's not
about you know whether DNA can mutate it
was about whether our entire perception
of reality would be transformed so that
was the 1997 I mean that prediction not
bad all right I also predicted in the
same book that virtual reality in the in
the form of something like the holodeck
would make real sex extinct and as I
just mentioned just regular or poor
that's not yet even 3d for the most part
it has lowered men's interest in having
sex with real women substantially enough
that some are considering it an
emergency what happens when this level
of porn moves into the 3d world well if
you have not if you have not experienced
virtual reality and I have I've got a
virtual reality box over here if you've
not experienced how real it feels even
while your brain knows it's not real but
the you see the world like it's real if
you haven't experienced that in person
you don't know how bad this is going to
get let me let me tell you whatever
level the porn addiction slash crisis is
right now you haven't seen anything it's
going to take a whole new level and it's
going to make sex with humans
seemed like a stupid idea that's
happening alright there's nothing you
can do to change that there's nothing
that would change that so I think that
prediction is certainly has the
indication that it's happening
I made a weird prediction also in 1997
that there would be a rise of something
that I call the Harry reasoner's now
Harry Reasoner was a real person he was
a news guy back in the old 60 minutes
you know original Deus he's passed away
but it was a play on words instead of
Harry like a person's name I refer to
them as Harry as in the hair on your
head and the thought was that on the
internet there would rise a number of
let's say voices or pundits who would
have bad hair and would come to be sort
of the voices of reason and the
prediction was that we wouldn't be able
to discern our reality from the news
because the news wouldn't be reliable
1997 folks and I said that instead of
relying on the news for the truth you
would need certain people who would
emerge just as credible figures that
would have bad hair but they'd be good
at explaining stuff that's exactly what
I'm doing I've got bad hair and I'm good
at explaining stuff somebody just said
Alan Dershowitz exactly exactly
somebody said joe rogan exactly bad hair
good at explaining stuff i was going to
say jordan peterson be actually has
excellent hair but he has a beard I
don't remember if I said in the book
that they would be hairy in that way but
it is true that 11 ya live in it is true
it seems that well sort of it shows good
here he's a bad example Malcolm Gladwell
so they're not all of the important
figures who were explaining things about
hair but I'm gonna claim partial victory
on that one
I also predicted in the early 90s now
early 2000s that there would be a
Caliphate in the Middle East there was
and that they would be using drones for
you know small drones for terrorist
attacks
I think that's guaranteed I also
predicted in this book years ago that
the news industry would start killing
celebrities to generate news and I
predicted that the actual news would be
so positive that we would figure out how
to how to make stuff work pretty well in
the future that the news industry would
have to actually start creating news by
killing people that was shortly before
princess died died trying to avoid
photographers so I'm not going to say
that proved it but we are watching the
news trying to assassinate people's
careers wouldn't you say that it's true
that the news industry especially the
news on the left is literally
assassinating people at least
politically and career-wise to generate
news would you say that's not true Ari
are you watching it every day the news
is not physically killing people in most
cases but they're actually targeting
people for Destruction to make news
it gets clicks that's almost all we're
watching though is the news targeting
and destroying people to create more
news think about that I predicted in 97
that video cameras would be so
ubiquitous that it would be impossible
to get get away with crime almost there
when was the last time you saw a crime
that involved any kind of a public event
or a business in which there were not
video cameras
it almost never happens anymore so that
one was correct
I also made that weird prediction that
Hillary's health was bad during the
election now that was a pretty bold
thing to say and she's the only
candidate I know who during the election
passed now at a public event had to be
dragged into a car and there's more to
the story this rumor but that's not
confirmed but apparently she was pretty
darn sick so a few people were on the
same page on that one my predicted of
course back in 2016 I said that the two
movies on one screen was what we were
about to have to see they said that
reality reality itself would be changed
by Trump true it's true when you say I
think I think that in fact there was
just a yet another article I think in
the New York Times in which somebody was
saying exactly the same thing that our
world has separated into two versions of
reality what a weird think about what a
weird prediction that was in 2016 I
literally predicted that reality would
split into two movies that are playing
on the same screen meaning we'd look at
the same facts but we see different
movies think how weird that was when I
said it and now it's literally ordinary
like everybody agrees it's true when I
first said I don't think anybody thought
it would be true that's about as
contrarian a prediction as anybody's
ever remained in the Institute of
predictions here's another contrarian
one when the Vegas shooting happened and
Isis claimed claimed that it was an Isis
event I said in public it wasn't Isis at
the same time Isis was actually taking
credit for it and the experts said you
know Isis doesn't take credit for stuff
unless it's really them and I said this
will be the exception
and it was think how weird that was
Isis was taking credit and I still said
in public it's not that and then we
found that it wasn't remember the the
Cuban sonic weapon I said it's not a
sonic weapon when everybody said it's a
sonic weapon at least everybody had no
muff maybe somebody thought it wasn't
and sure enough
years have gone by and they can't find
any sonic weapon as I predicted and
somebody gave me a hard time because I
predicted that commonly Harris would be
the nominee for the Democrats and she's
already dropped out of the race were
suspended or a campaign but am I wrong
yet let me just suggest that if Carla
Harris became Joe Biden's running mate
that people are gonna look at that
situation especially since Joe is
talking about having one having only one
term and the reason he's talking about
that is because if we see more of him
and you'd have to in the general
election once it reaches the general
election the news will no longer be able
to ignore Joe Biden and he's gonna look
less and less appealing until his
vice-presidential running mate is being
talked of as wait for it the real
nominee because people are going to say
you know you know Joe is technically the
head of the ticket but we're kind of
voting for the vice president in this
specific case that would make Coble
Harris effectively the nominee without
getting nominated I might not happen but
I'm just saying that my prediction about
her being the nominee is not yet dead
except in a tactical sense in which it
is somebody says your predictions are
often wrong well I cover that in the
first part you might have missed so when
my predictions are wrong but they're
usually in certain categories so the
ones that tend to be wrong are
ordinary things like which which
ordinary candidate will win this race
you know which way will evoke go stuff
like that I don't think I have any
special insight and that stuff but in
terms of understanding reality and the
the trends of how we see our world and
persuasion I seem to have a good record
there boom and you would still lose the
bet that is correct yeah even if Carla
Harris were vice president that
everybody thought should be president I
would still technically lose the bet the
evolution was wrong
artist opinion well I'm not gonna argued
that with you
he missed the deep state did I so what I
said was that the deep state was not an
organized coup but rather it was
probably people with Trump derangement
syndrome acting individually they may
have been complaining to each other
collectively but I imagine their
decisions were sort of individual
decisions they may have been blinded by
the thought that it was good for the
world something like that we still don't
know what the deal is with Brennan and
clapper if there was anybody who
specifically was planning on an
overthrow it would be those two but we
don't have that information yeah if the
deep state is just a bureaucracy that
has some preferences that of course that
exists you totally missed the boat on
any conspiracies such as I still have
stocks I own a few stocks i I'm into
index funds so I'm mostly in stocks what
about the meeting in the Andes office we
still don't know what that was about so
I don't know if I had a but I did say
and I did
that the so called insurance policy was
not a reference to a coup and I believe
that Horowitz has validated that right
had do a fact check on this did Horowitz
I did not conclude as far as I know that
the insurance policy conversation or the
meeting in Andy's office all that
conversation I believe he did not
conclude that that was coot awk I need a
fact check on that yeah so somebody
who's agreeing with me now that doesn't
mean it wasn't but he looked into it
pretty clearly he asked what was their
other explanation for things and he must
have heard them what about cartels as
terrorists dead in the water I think
that there will be continuous movement
toward treating the cartels as terrorist
organizations I'm guessing that we've
got a secret deal with Mexico because
the Mexican government can't say that
they're going to work with the United
States to take out the cartels because
the cartels probably have too much
control over the governments of Mexico
so the way that it could happen is the
Mexican government says in public no no
no we're not going to do this while in
private they turn they turn a blind eye
or or help a little bit so depending on
how much in the pocket the President of
Mexico is in the pocket of the cartels
that's the part we don't know but I
wouldn't be surprised if the United
States is already organizing and
planning military action maybe you'll
never hear about it because if if a
cartel if a cartel facility in the
jungle blew up would that ever be on the
news because there's not like there's
any press
you know I don't know if we'd ever know
so it seems to me that we could have
massive military action against the
cartels you'd never even hear about it
do you remember when there used to be a
problem with pirates
remember the Somali pirates do you
remember that there was like pirates
pirates pirates and it looked like there
was nothing that could be done because
there were so many pirates and it was
good business and there were just more
pirates every day and pirates pirates
pirates
when was the last time you heard about a
pirate think about it when was the last
time you heard about a Somali pirate do
you think they are retired they're not
they're not taking any more ships what
do you think happened
well speculate what happened is the
Somali pilots got wiped out by no
doesn't matter it doesn't matter because
you're not gonna hear about it was it on
the news will never be on the news but I
can tell you one thing for sure there
are probably a lot of dead Somali
pirates we just don't hear about it so
what's the difference between the Somali
pirates we're just sort of quietly all
disappeared dead and the cartels kind of
a similar situation I suspect that the
cartels are going to have some bad days
ahead but you might never hear about it
so there's that I think I have hit all
my top points oh so I'm watching the the
Democrats who are trapped in a losing
movie trying to explain the reality and
it's kind of funny to watch them flail
now the problem with the Democrats movie
or their version of reality is that it
doesn't predict and they have they have
to deal with that now my version of
reality is predicted quite well so for
example I said now the president did not
collude with Russia and sure enough
and I said Ukraine is not a crime I
don't say anything there and sure enough
doesn't seem to me much of anything
there but if you are a Democrat you
think that all of these things really
exist and you're probably trying to
explain why thirty percent of Hispanics
are supporting the President and
probably I'm guessing there will be a
historically a high number of
african-american voters for Trump for
reelection now if you're a Democrat how
do you explain that
because because they believe that it's
obvious to the entire world that this
president is the biggest racist in the
world and yet something between you know
ten and thirty percent depending on
which minority community are actually
voting for him do you think that
millions of people didn't notice what
the news says is just true that the
president's obviously just obviously a
big old racist and you think that all of
these people who would be the victims of
this racism you think they didn't notice
how do they explain their world so
they're trying to explain it away as
saying that everything the Republicans
believe is conspiracy theory or it's
gaslighting it's lying it's stupid or
it's selfish behavior that's you know
some kind of a cond so those are the go
to the big five conspiracy gaslighting
lying stupid or selfish so that's sort
of the the material of the the walls of
their bubble as long as they can explain
everything away with one of these five
things that's a conspiracy theory or
gaslighting lying stupid selfish commune
then they can stay in their bubble but
band as their bubble continues to be
terrible at predicting I don't know how
long you can stay in a bubble they can't
predict that would be very painful right
that's all I got for now I will talk to
you later bye for now