bing-bing-bing-bing bum bum bum bum bum
bum bum bum hey everybody
come on in here hello Nicole and JP
Tyler Ken come on in here
Donna Sheldon it's good to see you all
hey Jack we got stuff to talk about
today it does seem like it's slow news
again but a few things going on for
example the president has canceled the
expensive military parade yay
I'm very happy that that parade got
canceled and it got canceled for exactly
the right reasons it sends a really good
message doesn't it the president asked
for something then he got the price and
then he said the price is too high and
then he canceled it that's pretty good
stuff whoever is complaining about the
audio the audio is fine so there's
something wrong on your end let's talk
about the news reports about Brennan
losing his security clearance now the
way it was reported is that the
president changed his story because the
original reason given was that Brennan
was erratic his behavior was erratic and
apparently that's sort of a magical word
when it comes to security clearances if
somebody is erratic then they don't get
their security clearance so that was the
original reason given and then later
President Trump said that the the reason
was the Russia hoax and so the news
reported that as inconsistent but was it
is that inconsistent the first version
is Brendon is erratic the second version
is that Brennan was pushing this Russia
conspiracy narrative those are the same
thing what was he being erratic about
the Russia conspiracy thing and the way
he the way he reacted to it so to call
those two different stories
is a bit of a stretch it's a bit of a
stretch wouldn't you think because his
erratic 'no swelled that topic nobody's
complaining about you know how he is at
home it was just about that we haven't
heard him to say anything else right has
Brendon talked about anything else it's
the only topic
so that's your fake news flag for the
day now
some of you are watching the story about
apparently CNN and some other outlets
Politico I forget which others might be
Washington Post might be New York Times
they way they've they've colluded to try
to get the judge in the Manford case to
allow them to have the names and
addresses of the jurors now I didn't
know a lot about the topic of jury
privacy but apparently in normal regular
cases the the juries are not anonymous
but there are cases such as a RICO case
or something high-level where a juror
could get killed or influenced then
those cases that the apparently I think
it's the judge's decision they can keep
it private now in this particular case
the Manford trial
I feel like privacy is really important
for these jurors and and it seems to me
that what the the press is lining up to
find out
is you know fact-check me on this but
doesn't the fact that the press is
trying to figure out who these jurors
are suggest to you that the press
expects it's not going to be a guilty
verdict because let me ask you this if
the if the prep if the jurors all voted
guilty let's say on every count would
the press have any compelling reason to
talk to them well maybe to fill a little
time but it would be terribly important
because if it was guilty they would be
unanimous and there's not much point in
talking to people who are unanimous
because we saw the same information they
saw you know essentially so there's not
much to ask so it feels like the press
is expecting the hung a hung jury at
least on some counts there are 18 counts
I don't know if they'll all be hung but
don't you think that the press also
expects that the potential reason for
the home jury might be political in
other words there might be a trump
supporter or two on the jury who just
isn't willing to let the government do
what it wants to do with their president
you know it might be that there's some
mole on the jury who is just trying to
fight the deep state and just won't
won't vote guilty no matter what now
let's get to the question of revealing
the identities of jurors my prediction
is that judge Ellis will not allow the
press to have the names and addresses so
I think it's probably a lot a lot of
worry about nothing everything that
we've seen about this judge would
suggest that he is smart has he ruled
already oh he said no already did he
okay
I saw I saw a report that he said it was
a bad idea but I didn't know if that was
the final ruling okay so I guess it
wasn't a prediction because I'm
predicting something's already happened
but it didn't seem to me likely in any
case but here's the thing if you were on
a jury and you knew that the press had
asked for your identity how would you
vote on the crime now you're saying to
yourself well it depends on the crime no
it doesn't no it doesn't depend on the
crime at all if you put me on a jury and
you tell me that the the defendant will
Know Who I am and be able to find me my
address
I'm voting innocent I'm voting not
guilty
I would absolutely throw a trial over
the issue of my own privacy being outed
if I especially if I thought it was a
danger so that's my my take on it if if
the judge had said yeah go ahead you can
have the identities of the jurors those
jurors would be absolutely within their
ethical and moral right to just say okay
not guilty we're going home
not guilty dony I don't even want to
hear your arguments and it wouldn't have
they wouldn't require all of the jurors
to say not guilty it would only take one
of them to say okay I'm done you guys
can do all of the all the deliberating
you want but I'm not going to listen to
the deliberations I'm not going to be
part of it I've already said not guilty
it's not going to change so that would
be me
that they wouldn't want to have me on
that jury and keep in mind that the your
the reason that we have juries is to get
to something that's like justice right
because you are human beings to use a
little bit of judgement about what
justice looks like in any case and I
would consider that the greater justice
the greater justice is to keep the jury
from being
that's a little bit higher priority so I
wouldn't have I wouldn't even have a
skosh of guilt or feeling that I was in
the wrong if you know the jury's
identities had been outed had I just
said all right not guilty we're done I
don't care what the defendant did
I'm absolutely uninterested at this
point mobsters are loving this yeah now
mobsters those are cases in which the
jury is not identified so for that very
reason now let me ask you this if you
were me and you were recognizable by
sight now by everybody but if you had
you know a bunch of people in a in a
jury trial she adds azar somebody would
recognize me do you think it would be
safe for me to be on a jury where there
was let's say some kind of violence
involved not so much not so much so on
the trials in which there was violence
and a potentially violent defendant I
have used a little bit more effort to
make sure I did not serve on those but
as I've said before I do recommend they
used you do jury duty I'm very Pro jury
duty
even if you can get out of it you should
serve because it makes you feel part of
the system and you gain an appreciation
like like you've never had before you
know being being on a jury is a very
humbling experience because you actually
can feel how I was serious the jurors
are about getting it right and that
always that always oppressed me I've
only I've been on two juries but I was
always impressed at how dead serious the
jury was about justice and getting it
right and trying as hard as they could
it's a very sobering experience makes
you it makes you like your country a lot
more
all right so what were the other topics
oh so there's an article in CNN door
obviously trying to respond to the the
the Rasmussen poll that shows that black
support was up to 36% for the president
and I can't remember if I said this on
periscope or I was talking to somebody
else but here's my here was my theory on
that not a frickin chance that's real
that 30 36 % approval level I don't
think there's a slightest chance that's
a real number or really even close to it
now I'd like that to be true you know
every know my bias right yeah if if
there were any number I wanted to be
true it would be that one and that would
be at the top of my list for something
I'd want to be true because it would be
a such a healthy sign but CNN does their
reporting and their conclusion looking
at other polls is that it's more like 9
percent now based on your observation of
the world does it feel to you that it's
more like 36 percent or more like 9
percent I'm gonna go with 9 I'm just
based on people I know people I've
talked to reactions I've seen how the
votes have go and just you know my sense
of it is that the number is a lot closer
to 9 than it is to 36
now having said that even the CNN
article concluded that it's going up so
even if it's only nine percent CNN
concludes and let me read it to you
because it's keep in mind this is in the
context of debunking that high number of
36 percent and I think it did a good job
of debunking it frankly and I get to the
end
buh-buh-buh-buh so they're talking about
it so listen to this this is CNN no
friend of the president here right so it
says still the importance of even a
slight shift in african-american voter
sentiment shouldn't be underestimated
they make up greater than 10 percent of
the u.s. electorate isn't it more like
15 percent isn't the black population
closer to 15 percent I thought it was a
lot more than 10 percent and more in key
swing states so here's the important
part that the population is greater in
key swing states like Florida Michigan
and Virginia if you apply the changes we
see in Trump's approval rating among
blacks compared with his vote chair in
2016 and all other groups have voted the
same it would mean an IFFT in the
national margin of about 1% toward Trump
and these swing states mentioned it
could be even greater somebody's saying
13% that sounds about right one point
may not seem like a lot but remember
that half of Clinton's national margin
in 2016 oh that's half of Clinton's
national margin yeah if Trump is able to
hold on to his additional African
American support it could aid him in
2020 so even even CNN says it is up and
it's up in a way that's definitely
substantial but you know there their
definition of a boost only this if
African American support for the
president were 36%
Republicans would sweep the midterms and
by writer am I wrong
and I don't think there's any chance
that they well there's some chance but
not a big chance that the Republicans
will just you know dominate and just you
know I don't think there's gonna be a
gigantic red tidal wave and if black
support for President Trump were 36%
that's that's the only thing you could
get you couldn't have a legitimate 36
percent approval of this president from
the black voters and have any result
other than a gigantic Republican victory
of the massive proportions do you think
we're gonna get that no we're not gonna
get that now it could be that
Republicans actually win by a little bit
could be that they don't lose much don't
lose the house could be that as close
but they do lose the house there are a
lot of possibilities here and I don't
have a specific prediction for it but
you're looking at the predictions for
the midterm and they don't reflect
anything like a 36% approval of by black
voters however I do think it is
absolutely true that the president's
support has gone up now consider the
things that have been thrown at this
president and the fact that has gone up
it's remarkable I've been reminded that
we have not enjoyed the simultaneous
epyon where are you with your
simultaneous if you say why not join me
in the simultaneous up
oh that's good
[Music]
Candace Owens is creating the red wave
someone says well she's definitely
moving the needle we'll see if we'll see
how big the wave is or isn't but there
is no there's no doubting the fact that
Candace is now a a major political force
in the country and that's pretty
impressive
how old is Candace I don't remember how
old she is but does anybody have a well
why don't I google it and the answer is
she's 29 years old so look at that look
at the size of her influence at 29 is
there anybody else who has that much
influence at 29 can you think of anybody
can you think of anybody who's ever had
that much influence at age 29 I'm trying
to think if I can think of anybody you
know those the Parkland students got a
lot of press but I think in the end they
didn't really move the needle did they
they just sort of faded away
yeah Candace is 29 but I don't know if
I've oh yeah Alexandra Cortes alright
good one so on the other side Alexandra
was having a pretty big impact Kanye is
41 I think would I appear at the
Commonwealth with Candice well I haven't
been invited though yeah those questions
are just a little too hypothetical but
would I appear with her of course of
course I would
all right so I might do another
afternoon periscope today on a special
topic I want to talk about the blight
Authority and want to talk about some
ideas I want to get your thinking caps
on and see if we can think our way into
into the Golden Age I'll give you a
tease for it and it goes like this so
I'll do a special periscope on this my
take on the cost of living which is a
big part of poverty which is a big part
of the economy etc is that the the cost
of just owning a home or a place or even
renting but the cost of just living is
too high and the homes are designed you
know in in a vacuum in other words when
somebody designs a home they design
something that looks good people will
buy it but it's really not about the
entire way the community is organized so
I want to get your ideas later so you
can think about it between now and then
of wasy
if you were to start from scratch and
say throw out every every way that
things have been done before how would
you design a small community it doesn't
have to be a whole city just a you know
it could be several blocks it could be
something maybe something the size of a
small college campus if you were to
design it from scratch from bare dirt
and you're to say what's the best way to
feed them what's the best way for them
to travel what's the best way for them
to get educated what's the best way for
them to have security best way to care
for the pets best way to have you know
good light and energy and you know low
energy costs what's the best way for
people to interact with each other and
be with people their age what's the best
way to take care of the elderly what's
the best way to do childcare in a safe
way what's what best way to have the
food equality this is one of walk
Newsome's
I think really an innovation probably
one of the best
I'll give walk some credit for this I'm
not sure if he's the original thinker on
this but he's the one who's popularized
the idea the idea of food equality
because your your ability to be
effective in this world is very much
influenced by the food you eat because
the food changes your chemistry
chemistry changes how you think how you
feel everything from your ability to you
know handle pressure to your aunt you
know to your concentration and
everything else and I think he makes an
extraordinarily important point that if
there were some way to you know close
the food equality gap you might you
might see some big gains it's worth
experimenting with that on any in any
event so you put on your thinking caps
I'll ask you for ideas later and you
could put those ideas on the website at
blight Authority calm blight is spelled
B as in boy and then light it's like be
light blight be Li ght Authority dot-com
go to the forum and you can put your own
ideas down there as much as you want
and but just let me let me just give you
a snapshot of that if you were to build
a community today could you imagine that
you would not build it to take advantage
of smart phones just just think of that
one variable every home that's been
built from the beginning of time through
today has ignored the fact largely
ignored except for trivial reasons the
fact that people own smart phones you
know above the age of 10 or whatever and
how would you design a place if you just
assumed everybody including the kids
said smart phones well one of the things
you might do is instead of
kitchen in every home you might your
community might have a central cafeteria
and then everybody including the kids
could just go to their smartphone and
say Oh
peanut butter and jelly sandwich now
below some age maybe the parent has to
approve it but imagine the teenagers
being able to feed themselves by just
saying oh okay I'll choose from this and
again maybe the parents can limit what
types of foods their kids can order so
that they get only healthy stuff for
example and then the the cafeteria
brings it to your house and you've got a
drop box on your house that is he either
has a warmer or a cooler on it and you
just stick it in there
imagine having runners you know just
some teenagers or something who when the
orders come in from all over the
community they just grab it and take it
now a central cafeteria would not only
would not only be you know jobs for
people who had never worked before young
people could become runners they could
learn to cook etc but they would be
buying food in bulk and and preparing it
in bulk and that should bring the cost
way down don't know for sure but I think
it would and then it would allow for
example single parents if you're a
single parent and you've got to take
care of feeding your kids and working
that's a pretty big load but if but if
the kid can come home after school with
a nap and say give me a sandwich and the
sandwich appears in 15 minutes in the
Dropbox of their own house you know mom
or dad the single parent can just keep
working and the kid has a as a good meal
so that's that's just one small example
and I'm not saying that's a good idea by
the way I'm just trying to expand your
thinking that if you were to build a
community from scratch you would most
certainly include phones a modern
community today I'm not even sure it
needs a garage because you could easily
imagine ride-sharing usually
they're using your smart phones you
could imagine using uber using your
smart phones you could imagine knowing
the bus schedule and exactly where the
bus is imagine if you could see the bus
on the map just like uber so it'd be so
convenient to take the bus you could
just stay in your house until it was
time to go outside and there's the bus
imagine if you had security cameras
everywhere and every resident of just
the community not the whole world but
every resident could look at the
security cameras on their phone and they
could see their own house only but they
could also say the cameras on the street
so they could check and check their kid
kids on the street nothing bad happening
out there so but the point is oh the
other thing is here's I put a home
theater in my house because I make too
much money and when I built the house I
was like ah home theater I'm gonna put
this big screen in these comfortable
chairs and everything and that was now
you know 10 years ago if I were to build
a house today would I put a home theater
in it I would not no Matt no amount of
money would encourage me to build a home
theater in a house I built today
why because let me show you how I watch
movies today that's it that's I I
consume all of my television shows all
of my movies all of my content on my
phone because my phone comes with me and
I can do other things I can stick it in
my pocket and keep my earphones on I can
do the laundry won't listen to the news
I can lay in bed you know in the dark
and you know there's no loud TV on no
two people want to hear the same content
at the same time so you could be in the
house with three other family members
they've all got their headphones on and
they're looking at their phones so if
you were to build a home from scratch
today would you even include a screen
like
a TV screen you know every home designed
today has a place for the TV would you
even bother if you were going to design
one from scratch maybe not so so just
think about how living in a community
could be completely different with
smartphones
here's another app that you should
absolutely have there's an app called
the neighborhood or maybe it's just
neighborhood at the art of it so it's
basically it's like a private Facebook
for your neighborhood that's a bad way
to describe it because it doesn't it's
not for posting pictures of your family
it's for borrowing things or saying your
dog is lost or does anybody have a
babysitter so it's basically a sharing
information app for just your immediate
neighborhood or you can you can define
it to be as much of your small or big
neighborhood now I'll tell ya you use
that for a while and you can't live
without it
because people are finding pets that
have gotten away they're in my
neighborhood we have coyotes and some
dangerous animals that wander down once
in a while and the the word goes out you
know put your put your cat inside
there's a coyote out it's just amazingly
useful so just take that idea whether
it's yes next is it called next door is
that it oh I know I forget the name
yeah I'm sorry it's not the neighborhood
it's called next door one word next door
and yeah and whatsapp groups etc so
imagine imagine how effective
neighborhood watch would be if you just
have apps and cameras yeah too much
sharing is nothing private anymore so
one of the elements of a new
neighborhood designed from scratch would
be how much privacy people are willing
to give up for how much benefit and
it seems to me that people who are
moving from a crime infested area if you
said to them here's the deal for very
low cost you can live in this awesome
community but the trade-off is there
going to be cameras on hold the public
spaces would you say I don't like
cameras in the public spaces but I do
like living where there's no crime and
my kids can go play outside so sign me
up I as long as it wasn't required
nobody would have to live there you you
would simply choose to live there if the
costs and benefits made sense would you
give up some of your privacy while
you're outside I'm not talking about any
privacy in your house but would you give
up some public privacy for safety a lot
of people would is this for a low-income
folks yeah everything I'm talking about
so far is at least mentally I'm trying
to design that for a low-cost housing
for the future for people with low
incomes alright that's enough for now
and I'm going to talk about other things
that later today community cafeterias
hard pass well what if they were
optional all right talk about things
later bye