but I'm boom boom ba ba ba ba ba ba hey
everybody you probably knew I was going
to come online because this rod
Rosenstein story is too good it's still
good I could try to ignore it but I
cannot ignore it I would like to give to
you now in impression
starring Dale the anti-trump ER and that
will contrast that to myself I will be
representing Trump supporters in this
one-act play here we will both be
reacting separately to the story that
rod Rosenstein in front of lots of
witnesses talked about wearing a wire
and recording the President and possibly
getting members of the of the cabinet to
agree to removing the president on the
25th amendment apparently this was soon
after the election or soon after
inauguration so I'll start first with
the reaction of Dale the outer the
anti-trump er what what and now playing
the part of a trump supporter I'd like
to give you my impression and it goes
like this what what
[Music]
you probably didn't pick up the
difference it was this this is one of
those rare times when I think
everybody's having a similar reaction to
this the weird part is that it was in
the New York Times it's a New York Times
story so the New York Times a famous
anti-trump organ is running this because
they think it'll be bad for chop because
maybe they thought the the mere fact
that people inside the government were
having serious conversations about this
according to their reporting would be
bad for Trump but do you see it that way
do you see that story as bad for Trump
because I'm not seeing it that way
here's what I'm seeing let me give you a
little context many of you have worked
for large companies many of you have
been in many a high-level meeting lots
of people in the room lots of things
come up you've got some brainstorming
you've got some crazy people you're
talking about somebody else's idea
you're you're just tossing things out to
see what people will react to and then
somebody writes a story about what you
said how does that sound if you wrote a
story based on third party reporting
about a bunch of people talking about
various ideas and making sure they've
considered all possibilities what the
hell is that a story gonna sound like by
the time you've filtered it through
these faulty memories of third parties
and it's told to the New York Times well
I'll tell you what it's not going to
sound like it's not going to sound the
same as it sounded in the room that's
for sure it's gonna sound hair on fire
and if even it wouldn't even matter what
this the topic was whatever the topic
was that involves some brainstorming hey
what about this should we consider this
does this go too far any conversation
like that
which should be normal responsible
conversation consider everything look at
every angle toss it out see what people
say then you reject the bad ideas normal
normal way of my high-level meeting
works by the time you report it though
and filter through some angry people who
may have an agenda or whatever you're
gonna get you're gonna get something
that doesn't sound like the original so
the first context is don't trust
anything you hear anything from any
meeting in which ideas were discussed
period if you hear an idea was discussed
in X meeting I don't care who was in the
meeting I don't care what the topic was
don't believe that reporting because
taken out of context it completely
changes its meaning if it was in the
context of hey people are saying this
I mean imagine how easy it would be for
this to be misinterpreted I'll just give
you one example I'm not saying this
happened just to allow you to imagine
how easily the story gets perverted
imagine if somebody said hey there are
serious people talking about the
twenty-fifth amendment and you know that
the presidents got issues and the we
should look into that and it's our job
to be kind of you know responsible
citizens if what they're saying is true
that could easily turn into a
conversation of well what are we
supposed to do get the guest some
cabinet members to get on in on this do
you think any of them would perfectly
fair question if other people are
talking about this 25th amendment thing
and somebody brings up the the idea and
you're talking about it because serious
people who are not in the meeting or
talking about it you kind of have to
respond so you say well are there any
cabinet members who would do that do we
know shall we talk to them because if
they're actually thinking about it maybe
we should get ahead of it because you
know even if it's not us behind it you
know we need to know what's going on
here we're part of the adults in the
room right
and then you could easily imagine them
saying but how could we ever you know
how could anybody ever know what the
presidents like behind closed doors how
could anybody else know the public does
they only see the public Trump but if
the problem as it was reported is that
the private Trump totally crazy in
public he's fine
every time all the time for 70 whatever
years public no problem but as soon as
he gets behind closed doors he's a
little bit crazy I've got to remove him
with the 25th amendment right so
remember serious people high-level
people Democrats mostly but probably
some never jumpers we're talking like
that that he's crazy in private
what is the one way that you could find
out if he is or is not crazy in private
somebody's got to wear a wire right
somebody's got to record him I don't
think there's another way to determine
whether there's any truth to it in a way
that could be actionable in a public way
so the first thing you have to ask
yourself is was it a responsible
conversation and the answer is
unfortunately probably yes not because
they necessarily believed it themselves
but because serious important people who
should be taken seriously
you know senior members of the
government are talking about this like
it's real
if the FBI isn't also considering it
real enough for a conversation which is
different than being real but it's real
enough to have the conversation it seems
to me it was a responsible thing to do
to at least brainstorm now how that
brainstorming got turned into a story
probably inaccurately
and in fact rod Rosen Stein's denial non
denial as even CNN is calling it was so
specific that in effect he confirmed it
because what he said was the story was
inaccurate
I'm not going to say anything more that
just means that something about it was
inaccurate it doesn't mean that he
didn't say those things just there's
something about it was inaccurate now
the other thing you have to watch out
for is that apparently there's one or
two sources the CNN knows that say he
was being sarcastic and another one
saying that it wasn't serious he was
joking what if I taught you about the
percentage of human beings who can't
tell literally can't tell the difference
between a joke and being serious what
percentage of the general population and
here's one of the few areas that I I'm
gonna say I'm an expert I've been
writing humor and watching people
respond to it for three decades here's
my estimate now again this is this is a
personal estimate it's not based on some
science it's about a third
yeah it's about 30% somewhere like that
about a third of the public literally
can't recognize a joke now they can
recognize you know the the simple setup
jokes like you know once I have a
punchline why did the chicken cross the
road
they understand that because as a
structure but in conversational humor
where somebody's just throwing out
something that's a little too far a
little bit ridiculous a little bit
provocative for humor if that was a big
meeting you could guarantee that there
were guarantee you know if let's say I
don't know how many people were alleged
to be in the meeting but let's say these
government meetings are kind of big
let's say a dozen people were there you
could so easily have three or four
people walk out at that meeting saying I
don't think he was kidding
that didn't sound like a joke to me all
right so the mere fact that some people
think it's serious and some people think
it was a joke tells you what go here's
all you now let's say the only thing you
if you didn't know anything else there
was a room full of people something
happened when they left some people said
that was obviously a joke other people
said no it was serious what do you know
for sure of course you know nothing's
100% but what can you be pretty
confident about you could be pretty
confident than it was a joke maybe
that's not what you want to hear but if
you give me only that information the
same people saw the same story some said
it was a joke obviously and some said
that's not a joke who's right it's
almost always almost always 99% probably
the people who said it's a joke were
right why because they're the people who
could recognize a joke remember the
people who can't recognize a joke we'll
see a joke is not a joke and something
that's not a joke as not a joke
they'll never have a false positive or
maybe never so strong but it would be
really weird they're never gonna say
that was a joke
and you know they don't see any jokes
they're just joke blind so joke
blindness or humor blindness I think
we'd be better it's a thing it's about a
third of the world and trust me on them
so how is this going to move the needle
here's what I see the the basic
atmospherics of this seemed completely
supporting Trump's notion that the deep
state was out to get him it could be the
luckiest week Trump has ever had all
right so the first thing is this is so
positive for Trump because it just it
just supports you know the idea that
people are plotting against him at the
same time I'm not sure that was
happening it's entirely possible this
these were serious people who
well who are open to other serious
people saying you really should be
looking at this they discuss what that
would look like the only way you could
do it is recorded it's the only way and
then they rejected it to me that's a
story of people doing exactly what
they're paid to do and if someone joked
about it you know you know it probably
something like a-rod wanted to wear a
wire
alright to me that would have been funny
but other people might have said I think
he just suggested that rod robe is Rosen
Stein wear a wire I think that was
serious even though he was smiling right
so it's probably if I had to guess if I
had to put money on it got into my head
it was probably rod Rosenstein taking
seriously because other people took you
seriously mold with it thought about it
rejected it exactly what you'd want them
to do but it's not going to play that
way you know that the partisans will
line up on both sides and it seems far
more supportive of what Trump has been
saying then not and the fact that it
came from the New York Times is what
gives it its weight and especially
because they're famously anti Trump so
you know that they wouldn't
intentionally go out of the way to
create a positive Trump story you know
it seems like that's just impossible but
they did it so you know maybe
accidentally so it looks like very
positive for Trump here's the next thing
that seems obvious rod Rosen Stein is
going to get fired I don't know when you
know whenever is the good time to do
that but it's a it's time for him to put
in his resume together
you don't really once the New York Times
has reported it and you've issued a
non-denial denial and you're in that job
there's not really any choice right
is there any choice
do you think Trump has any choice now I
don't think so I mean if if rod
Rosenstein had been trumps you know best
friend for 30 years and he trusted him
no matter what the New York Times said
or something like that well maybe you
could stay but under these conditions
the New York Times reporting what they
did right or wrong and I'm not I'm not
happy about this you know I can't say
this is a I can't say this is good news
for the country you're good news for
anybody I'm just telling you what's
gonna happen so there there's no
practical way that rod Rosen Stein can
keep his job in the long run under this
administration Hugh sent it a long time
ago well I don't want to embarrass you
by asking exactly what did Q say because
I've got a feeling it was a little bit
generic okay do you think it's McCabe
could be McCabe
you never know now I just saw I just
tweeted a poll that it was a story in
which the of the article said that
Republicans are having a woman problem
meaning having trouble attracting female
voters and then the story went on to say
the Republicans were getting male voters
and Democrats were getting more female
voters well is that the Republicans
having a woman problem that's one way to
look at it but couldn't you equally say
that the Democrats have a male problem
man problem works both ways right seems
like it works both ways so my prediction
that the Democrats are becoming
a party for and about women without
putting judgment on that women can have
a political party yeah it's a free
country I'm not even sure that would be
a bad idea I'm just saying that's what's
happening so the Democratic Party is
becoming toxic for I think I think it's
beginning we're not seeing it yet but I
think we were on the edge of the the
Democratic Party being toxic for at
least male african-american and male
Hispanics so that's my prediction more
women believe Kavanagh yeah so when I
say that Republicans Republicans are not
trying to appeal to men per se they have
rather a brand that allows that men can
be important you know an important part
of it and women are important also
everybody's important so the Republican
brand does elevate men to a level of
importance that the Democrat Party does
not now you could argue that's good or
bad I don't know I don't know how that
would play out it might actually be good
you know maybe there's a healthy
competition of ideas and I'm not sure
that's a bad I that thing but it's just
where it's going
CNN panel of women supported Kavanagh
yeah I'd like to know the political
leanings of that panel that you say
supported Cavanaugh I didn't see that
Oh somebody just speculated here in the
comments that the New York Times would
like to push Trump to fire rod
Rosenstein early before the midterms and
then make that part of the issue clever
clever maybe I mean that would that
would fit what we know about all of the
entities yes so the senator Harada was
that her name from not the senator or
congresswoman actually I don't know
representative from Hawaii said that men
should just shut up and step up now I
hate to be that guy who says I'm so I'm
just so tired of hearing this but you
know how everybody says imagine if um a
man had said that about women but you
know I guess we don't really have to say
that we can just judge it on its own
merits or lack of merits and by the way
there's well there's something very
interesting happening in my life arc
that has to do with some some things in
the news but I'm gonna wait to talk
about that so there's nothing I like
better than being proven right after
years of being told I'm an idiot it's
like the best feeling if you if you've
never had this experience of making very
unpopular predictions in public and
being just being beaten up about it for
years and then being found to be totally
right it's a really good feeling and
there's one brewing right now that I I
need I need a little more texture to put
on it but it's gonna be a good one
I'm a woman and that was so rude what
was rude Oh what Hirano said is rude
somebody said what is the opposite of
misogynistic it's a misandry I don't
know what the mystic version of is and
ristic probably but misandry is hatred
or discrimination against men and that
quite clearly isn't evidence but you
know white men are still not allowed to
point that out did somebody say did
keith olbermann die this is a desert
news story about that I don't think
there is I think that's the don'ts don't
assume that any that's true I just
wondered why anybody would ask the
question what about Trump's tweets so
what did Trump tweet he treated or he
tweeted if if the alleged Cavanagh event
was so bad why didn't the alleged victim
dr. Ford why did she come out earlier
now some are saying he did such a good
job of staying out of it you know why
did he way back in why can't he help
himself well the first thing is he did
hold back for a while but ultimately we
need to hear his opinion don't we there
there's something there's something so
delightfully transparent about Trump
tweeting exactly his opinion you know he
he told us what he thinks he told us a
key reason he thinks
I happen to not agree with that reason
meaning that there are clearly other
reasons that somebody could have a bad
event and not tell anybody it's not hard
to think of any but if that's if that's
important to his decision he told us
about it ESPN muzzled Keith Oberman
is that true are you speculating
alright I'm just looking at your
comments here why is no one going after
Ellis so you saw the poll that only 5%
of women believe that Keith Ellis did
what he is alleged to have done 5% now
if you were an african-american man and
you saw the Keith Ellison story and you
thought that only 5% of people were
gonna believe what looks to be as they
like to say credible accusations we
don't know what's true but in terms of
you know just judging the quality of the
accusation it looks like as has weight
to it but that's a that's a pretty
welcoming kind of a forgiving party
there if apparently if you're in if if
you're in their group you can get away
with quite a bit yeah so there was the
project Veritas it was I forget the
details to that I'll talk about that
tomorrow yeah there was
which company was the project Veritas
guy working for who already got fired I
can't remember what company that was
almost all women are mad as hell about
what James Woods is shut down on Twitter
that's not true is it
well now you're you keep throwing these
rumors at me which I shouldn't even say
out loud but let's see if James Woods is
shut down no James Woods is still on
Twitter still going strong so we'll
leave do not give me any more bad rumors
that I have to check during a live
periscope I didn't listen to that what
do you know you're referring to your
saying yes it's true about James Woods
I'm looking at his page right now it's
live right now there has he not been
able to tweet recently of last tweet is
under 20th so there's no tweets today
but does that necessarily mean anything
I don't have to see all right well I
think that's a wait and see because all
we know all I can tell for sure is that
he hasn't tweeted today but that doesn't
mean much his account is still up but he
can't make posts how do we know did he
say that on other social media I'll look
into that if it was if it was just
because he had a bad tweet we can we'll
get to the bottom of it all right does
anybody think I'm gonna get locked out
of Twitter what are you give me your
predictions about me tell me your
predictions you've seen my Twitter feed
will I get locked down from twit
if not now at some point what do you
think
well the counting counting suspensions
oh he had it so James would had a friend
post the heat that James would couldn't
post he's been shut out for two days now
yet
and now I hear Alex Jones was banned
from PayPal but I haven't seen that
written I've just seen it on social
media I remind you that I've banned
I have banned Alex Jones from my app but
he wasn't using it anyway so I guess
that didn't hurt him I just do it for
attention not because I really want to
bin all right well he's got a timeout
I'm sure he said something that broke
their rules we'll have to see what it is
and oh it's in the news all right I'll
check the nudes you took down the tweet
if I google it I'll see the tweets let's
do that James Woods Twitter let's see
the news news James Woods Twitter all
right well there is one article on
twitchy
[Music]
and it looks like the story was
the deleted tweet says pretty scary that
there is a distinct possibility this
could be real not likely what was he
talking about could be real what was the
distinct possibility of because there's
a link here but I can't click click on
it because it's a screenshot of a tweet
does anybody new does anybody know what
it was that he thought was maybe true
but probably not all right I'll have to
figure that out separately okay
prison planet is blocked from PayPal hmm
all right well I'll be talking to you
all later I got to go read the news and
catch up and yes I did reinstate Nancy
Nancy
is no longer banned on coffee with Scott
Adams I think you'll be happy about that
there was a lot of Nancy support down
here okay I'll talk to you later