are you ready for
this are you
ready well I hope
so good morning everybody and welcome to
coffee with Scot Adams the best thing
that ever happened to you but if you'd
like to take it up two levels that
nobody could even understand with their
tiny shiny human brains all you need for
that would be a coverer mar glass a
tanker ch a canteen Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the the
simultaneous sip it happens now
go well
um here's some good news from space uh
the there's a private lunar lander
that's carrying a drill and a vacuum and
just landed on the
moon um now I think this is a good idea
so it's got a drill and a
vacuum
so I I when I look at the Moon the first
thing I think is God it's dusty up there
isn't it so they put a vacuum on the
moon I don't know if it's going to
vacuum the entire moon or just the front
side because we don't have to see the
dark side so that's good finally
somebody put a a vacuum on the moon wait
what oh okay maybe it's the vacuum up
samples and bring it back but I like
mine
better uh in other space news Jeff
bezos's blue origin is getting ready to
launch into space and all women's
flight uh aboard their new Shepherd
rocket it's an all women's flight and
Katie Perry ktie Perry will be on the
rocket
now I would call that a good start if he
could find a way to launch all of the
Annoying celebrities into space just
think how much a better world it would
be uh I'd like to start a petition
for let's see
uh uh oh you make your own list so many
annoying
people but uh at least if it's in all
all women's uh crew at least they won't
feel shy about stopping and asking for
directions am I
right okay a sexist would
say here's a big one black rock has
announced it's going to end its Dei
hiring goals now Black Rock was the big
uh death star of Dei they're the ones
who not only had Dei but you know they
were really super committed to it like
it was a main thing but they were also
forcing companies that they do business
with to also do Dei so this one's like
this is not an ordinary company when
Black Rock pulls back on Dei and they're
pulling back hard they're they're not
just tweaking it looks like they're just
getting rid of it and that means all the
companies that they had brow beaten into
it also now are AFE to do the same so if
Black Rock does it that sends a signal
that everybody can do it and I think
they're doing it just for purely
practical reasons uh you know there's a
legal liability it's literally
it's it's literally illegal and always
has been it's just that now we have an
Administration that will follow up on it
so I expect the rest of the dominoes to
fall pretty
quickly meanwhile over at City Group
according to zero Edge uh City Group
accidentally credited $81
trillion to an account that should have
been
$280 but they caught it before the uh
the person got to the ATM and withdrew
the 81 trillion no they couldn't have
withdrawn 81 trillion now if you're
worried that they could have somehow you
know used that money or moved it around
not much of it because any large
transfers are looked at pretty carefully
so it's not like it's not like the
person with the account could have just
said you know hey I'll just take a
billion I think they would have noticed
right away especially if especially if
they were dealing with numbers like
$280 you'd notice that
uh but in related news uh Vladimir
zalinsky has moved all of his personal
accounts to City
Group just in case yeah you never know
you might get that 81 trillion and you'd
have something to spend it on no I've
made that up that's not
true uh meanwhile the House GOP is
moving to REM they moving to moove
moving to remove uh giant black lives
matter
mural uh I think I think it's on the
street I'm not sure um from Washington
DC
Plaza so this this raises some questions
if they remove the black lives matter
mural how will I know if they
matter because I need written
instructions on this stuff it's so it's
so confusing wait they're human beings
do they matter I'd better go read the
street oh there it is there's the
directions read in the street okay they
matter
but if they take that off people like me
will be like H I don't know I know it's
a little ambiguous without any written
instructions what will I
do what you will do is treat everybody
as a human being and an individual
anything else is
Dei uh meanwhile Trump says he he plans
to add a ballroom to the White House he
wants to add a big old
Ballroom well as you know the White
House under Biden had all the ballroom I
needed because Biden had tiny balls so
you don't need much space but uh Trump
has gigantic balls and so they're going
to need a whole new structure just to
hold his balls so he'll be build
building his own
Ballroom yeah
true um Trump is going to Pardon uh
Major League Baseball Pete Rose who
didn't get into the Hall of Fame because
he was caught betting on baseball now as
Trump explains he only bet on his team
to win which is the least bad version of
betting on your own sport but it's still
not good and Trump acknowledges that
it's that's not good but he was one of
the best baseball players of all time
and he made you know one mistake which
he probably did a number of times but it
was basically one thing and obviously
the fact that he only bet on his team
winning um suggests that it was more
just for fun and you know so he I don't
think he had much inside information
that others didn't but maybe he did so
if he did or there's a presumption that
he did I can see why that'd be banned
here's what I like about this story I
like the fact that Trump has a unbroken
record of forgiving people for bad
behavior now you might say that's the
opposite of good for a president but I
don't because what what it signals to me
is he's not going to judge you if you
were generally a good person but you
made a
mistake that's kind of the standard I
like now did he pay for it yes yes he
paid dearly for his mistake because he
would he's already dead so he died not
being the Hall of Fame and uh it was a
big problem so you'll see this over and
over Trump will say okay if you did this
one thing whatever that one thing is but
you're generally a good person how about
a pardon I just love that just sort of
as a general way to approach the
world do you remember that uh story
about the alleged FBI
Honeypot and the way it got reported was
that Comey had some off the books
Honeypot that was a attractive woman and
some people said that she was there to
sleep with members of the Trump
Administration in the first term and and
try to get their secrets through their
sexual means uh cash patella just said
nope nothing like that happened there
were there were no FBI agents who tried
to sleep with anybody there was a woman
who seems to have been the one assigned
to this so it's not good behavior
because it looks like Comey did tell her
to go find out some Secrets but cash is
fully backing her and says Nope
absolutely not a Honeypot uh so he said
that on
X and here's my
question I told you that Honeypot didn't
mean sleeping with it could have been
more like the O'Keefe Undercover videos
where somebody goes on a date and just
sort of
suggests that you know if things went
well we could be
dating
so did she do
that probably not probably not but
here's my question if you introduce I'd
love to know what she looks like and
obviously we won't know that for privacy
reasons but if we did find out what she
looked like and she was young and
attractive does she need to be a
Honeypot for horny lonely men to give up
all their
secrets so it's good to know that she
wasn't giving out sex for you know the
job okay I like that but if she was
attractive and female and that's part of
the reason she was chosen because you
know people are going to open up to the
attractive women a lot more than they
are to somebody else so there might be a
little bit of a fuzzy line there but I
would agree I'm going to agree with cash
uh which is a big deal because he he
went against the president so the
president made this claim and cash said
looked into it absolutely false now do
you like cash more I do I like cash more
because he was uh completely transparent
about that and he backed his he backed
his employees so cash gets an
A+ for
that um president Trump is bragging that
the Border crisis is basically over so
February was the lowest number of
Crossings now here's the big deal about
that the number of border crossings was
literally an existential threat to the
country and he just fixed it it was an
existential threat and Biden didn't fix
it he caused it really but there are a
number of other existential threats that
Biden also didn't do anything about one
is the debt and at least we've got Doge
working on that but that might get a
little uh might get a little dicey we'll
talk about that in a minute but at least
there's something big and important and
the right person's working on it and
they're putting tons of energy and
personal Capital into it so at least
they're addressing in a very serious way
the other biggest existential threat and
then there's
Ukraine there was always a threat that
would get into a nuclear conf
confrontation I thought that was low but
it was
existential and now it looks like um if
Putin were to Nuke the United States it
wouldn't make any sense at all because
the United States is saying hey Europe
take care of it yourself and Europe is
saying hey yeah we'll see if we
can so it basically takes us out of a a
war that we don't want to be in don't
want to be funding and don't want Russia
to attack us because maybe we did too
good a job at giving Ukraine
weapons I don't think it was a big risk
and then of course there's the inflation
and energy costs um I don't know that
enough is being done on that but here's
here's some hints so according to
Reuters uh us Drillers oil drillers um
they've increased their oil and gas rigs
for the fifth week in a row now don't
get excited because I think they
increase it by one but in the prior
years like 2022 and 2023 I guess the
number of oil rigs was going down but
here's what you need to know it doesn't
seem to be driven by policy in any way
it seems entirely driven by economics so
when the economics are good as in oil
prices are high you get more Drilling
and when the oil prices are low you get
less so we're not seeing any indication
of a trump policy change that's made any
difference to Energy prices I hope we do
but it could be that there's nothing the
government can do because the economics
drive it entirely so I don't know what
the government would do to change the
economics of oil so we'll say maybe he's
got some tricks up his leave but uh
there's a company according to
interesting engineering there's an aid
driven robot
technology that's uh there's a company
that has Ai and robots and they're
making them available to us power plants
and apparently they've already got a
$100 million deal so it's a serious
thing uh in which the robots will crawl
all over the power plant and they
they'll have maintenance suggestions and
they'll uh tell how optimize it'll
predict when they need maintenance it'll
do a bunch of things so they're looking
at it as a way to decrease the overall
cost of the power plants so that's good
so let's say they could maybe decrease
the cost of the power plants by
10% that's great except that AI in other
context will increase the cost of energy
about 10 times because it's going to
suck it all up for AI so I think AI is
going to be a net negative for Energy
prices because it's going to be
competing with consumers so I don't know
how that's going to work out so I would
say that Trump does not have as far as I
can tell I don't see Trump having any
kind of plan for energy that would lower
the cost and maybe there is none maybe
there's nothing you can do it could be
just pure economics and we're a
capitalist place and you just can't make
people do low return business that they
going to do what they're going to do
all right here's the funniest thing that
happened now I don't know if this story
is true so fact check me on this because
if it's not true it's still so funny I'm
going to report
it but
allegedly Trump signed an executive
order they said that zalinsky is
officially spilled with only one
why remember I was complaining yesterday
that zinsky there's at least three
different spellings I've seen there's
two y's on the end or one there's an in
the middle or in E and it was driving me
crazy so if it's true that Trump didn't
an executive order redefining zelinsky's
name that's just about the funniest
thing he's ever
done because it puts zedy in his place
where no it's Gulf of America Mexico
there's nothing you can do about it no
we're going to call you zalinsky with
one y and there's nothing you can do
about it we didn't consult you it's an
executive order that's your name
now now that is just pure funny if you
don't understand that as
hilarious you you probably have serious
TDS that is just flat out
hilarious if it's true if it's not true
is also hilarious so I don't care if
it's
true um so one of the reasons that we
know that zalinsky rejected I'll say
rejected gotten a little tiff with JD
van and Trump in the White House is
apparently Democrats had this breakfast
with zinski and according to Senator
Chris Murphy who's a Democrat and one of
the worst people in the world as far as
I can tell
um he actually said this so this is
right from Murphy so this is from a US
senator and he said a Democrat said just
finished a meeting with President
zalinsky here in Washington he confirmed
that the Ukrainian people will not
support a fake peace agreement where
Putin gets everything he wants and there
are no security arrangements for
Ukraine uh and that was posted just
before or maybe just during the meeting
with
zinski now have I ever have I ever
mentioned that Democrats are bad at
giving
advice so this is what I imagine what
the advice sounded like I wasn't there
but it's like all right zilinski go in
there and sabotage Trump in front of the
world that'll get you a better deal and
don't wear a
suit like I just imagine that was the
advice now I've heard it
said that zalinsky said he wouldn't wear
a suit until the war was
over well smarten up idiot if you're
going to try to get something major out
of trump you better wear a freaking suit
and that should be your exception you
should say no this is important to the
future of Ukraine I'm not going to get
this wrong I'm not going to insult my
Host this is really really
important uh do you think a republican
would have ever given that advice now
the real problem is why did he accept it
in the first place like what was going
on that he thought it was a good idea
and then one one breakfast with
Democrats turned it into a bad idea I
don't know but Lindsey Graham as you
know is completely lost so he's just
totally done with Ukraine and you know
you could argue that it's too little too
late because he was big on Ukraine but I
don't mind when people adjust I don't
mind when they correct course um so I'm
I'm more likely to judge him by the
course correction than from the being
you know you could argue not so right
before but here's what he said he said
in a post to the hand ringing Europeans
who felt offended by President Trump's
rejecting being lectured by zinsky be my
guest to defend Ukraine from from Putin
it is long past time for the Europeans
to show that they are capable capable of
defending their own continent and then
he
says this is a take I had really heard
before but I guess I could have intuited
it uh they've allowed meaning Europe
they've allowed their militaries to be
hollowed out and when Europe speaks no
bad guys
listen I say this with great Sadness the
last group of people that I would count
on to defend Freedom are the
Europeans wow
uh so let let me tell you where I got
off the bus now I was never a fan of the
funding that
war but where I got off the bus on
defending Europe is when they turned on
us for free speech and that was Europe
well let's say Great Britain seems to be
the the biggest one but the rest of them
seem to go long now you know the story
they Europe created this fake watchdog
censorship um structure whose main point
and they say it directly was to destroy
the xplatform the primary source of free
speech in the United States so let me
say it again if you just if you attempt
and you put real effort into it like a
lot of effort and it's an actual policy
that you're going to try to destroy free
speech in the United States I'm on
Putin's side sorry Putin didn't do that
so I'm not really on Putin's side you
know what I mean I I'm being
hyperbolic um but I'm not going to
defend with one bullet or one anything
if they're trying and and they're still
trying they're still trying to destroy
free speech in the United States so no
you don't get anything um I would pull
completely out of any defense with them
because that's a they cross the
line that's a line you do not cross if
you're an ally that makes you an
enemy let's be clear if you're going
after free spee spe probably our most
valued right in the United States you
don't get to be our friend
ever while the while the same people are
alive you and you can never there's
nothing you can do to make up to it you
can't make up for that as long as the
same people are you know in office and
stuff there's nothing you can do that's
that's game over you're on your own in
my
opinion well meanwhile zinski is over in
Europe trying to pass that and get them
to to step up and defend Europe and uh
prime minister K Stormer of the UK says
that his country in France and Ukraine
have agreed to work on a ceasefire plan
to present to the United States why are
they presenting it to
us why do you need to show us a a a
ceasefire plan we're
out we're
out so yeah just go out go make your own
whatever make a deal don't make a deal I
don't care I have no interest in you
whatsoever so you're all
bad anyway so here here's what I think
is funny they're acting like the only
thing that's um the only thing that's
preventing a ceasefire is that they
didn't have a good plan do you think
that's the case you know if we just had
a better plan you know if if the UK and
France work together with Ukraine and we
came up with a plan then there' be a
ceasefire I don't think it's a problem
of the plan I think it goes a little
deeper than that but we'll
see meanwhile uh Norway has this big
company that's a major marine fuel
provider and the US uses them for a lot
of their refueling in that part of the
world but the big company called halt
back
bunkers um they're uh they decided they
won't sell fuel to US Naval
vessels so they don't want
protection cuz aren't they better off if
fully fueled American naval ships are
sort of in the area is this the dumbest
thing you've ever heard so they're going
to they're going to vastly decrease
their profits and make their own country
less safe because they didn't like what
somebody said to zalinsky in a meeting
that's the dumbest thing I've heard
since sending Katy Perry into
space anyway so I saw a video uh Elon
Musk was boosting this so I don't know
when it happened this this might have
been an older video but it was tulsey
gabard doing a little video just you
know with her her phone um and she was
talking about how zilinsky is a
dictator and rence was he's taken assets
from his critics he took over I guess a
TV station
you know the main TV station and he
canceled elections and that sounds
pretty dictator likee
yeah and she says it might be a
precedent if if Ukraine can do it
through martial law and just say oh it's
a war so democracy is
over doesn't that allow the United
States to do it at some
point like not in this Administration
but in another Administration don't you
think that somebody's going to say well
Ukraine Got Away With It so we're sort
of at War a little bit it's in Europe
but it's sort of us so maybe we need
some some uh anyway so that could be a
problem I guess Moscow has as asked the
United States to reopen us airspace to
Russian aircraft I didn't realize that
we had blocked direct flights imagine
what a pain in the ass that was to
Russian
diplomats who had to take a connecting
flight to get the United States it must
have been just such a pain in the ass so
I assume this is more for the diplomats
I don't know if this is going to happen
but they've request
it um the scariest thing today by far is
Elon Musk on Joe Rogan and I saw a
clip where musk said that the the I
don't know if you would call it the
Scandal because it's not illegal the
fact that Congress can do trading
including insider trading in it's legal
if you're in Congress uh you can
supplement your income now he suggested
musz that maybe we should increase their
salary so that they have at least some
disincentive to
steal but I don't know if you could
increase it enough because the amount
that they're stealing is generational
wealth you know it'd be great if they
could afford to pay for school and you
know a nice place to live for their
family I think that's appropriate so I
do think they're underpaid by quite a
bit but I don't know if you could stop
corruption by just making sure they
could pay for their you know their kids
private
school um but then he goes on he said
the real problem is more than insider
trading the real corruption and then of
course Joe wanted to know what are you
talking about and then musk completely
locked up and he said they will kill me
if I push too hard on this that means
that musk does know with certainty how
the bad guys are stealing massive
amounts of money and he believes that if
he Ed them they would literally kill him
now he wasn't joking it wasn't hyperbole
he said he literally thinks that if he
ounce these powerful people that he
would be
killed do you think that's going too far
I don't I don't think it's going too far
and he and uh apparently Tim burette you
know in Congress he's Dem he's a
republican um he had said in a video a
while ago that if anybody ever leaked
where the money goes in the Pentagon
because they they fail all the audits
they never passed an audit so we don't
know where the money goes he said if
anybody leaked where the money goes um
they'd be
murdered that's Tim brette saying
directly if anybody told you where the
money was going really they'd be
murdered and now musle is saying the
same thing and he wouldn't give an
example even though he knows
it now I hope musk is smart enough and
obviously he would be that he's got some
kind of a uh a file that nobody could
ever find that
would basically activate if he got
killed so that all it would all be
released if they actually killed him now
if he doesn't have that he ought to he
needs to get that going he needs to make
sure there's somebody else who knows the
exact story or or it's in a file or it's
in a vault so deep Bel beneath the world
that you could never know maybe in
multiple places in CA in case they
torture him and say tell us all the
places and he'll give him like five of
the places but they're really six I mean
he's I hope he's smart enough and every
indication is that he is that uh he's
done something so that we can definitely
find that out someday hope
so so that's the scariest thing we've
heard so there's some thinking that
cutting the the Pentagon budget is
actually not possible because the people
trying to cut it will be
murdered like literally
murdered now I believe that completely I
completely believe that that's a
risk anyway um I assum some people
online are agitating that it's time to
leave NATO and leave the UN and uh musk
actually agreed with that in a post on X
uh Europe probably doesn't need to
defend itself that just makes sense you
know it it made sense to have NATO for a
while but it never made sense that we'd
always have it so maybe this is time to
make sure Europe can defend itself and
then the UN just seems like an
anti-American institution that we're
funding doesn't it how often does the UN
agree with us or do something useful
versus thwart us and embarrass
us so I I will listen to an argument on
the UN and NATO too there might be a
counterargument that's pretty good but I
think they're both on the table I don't
think it's crazy to think that we could
get rid of both of them I just don't I
know I have a firm opinion on
that according to just the news um we
have evidence that Epstein had uh about
$20,000 in cash some of it in small
bills and the thinking is that maybe
this is evidence of black man
cuz he had $20,000 in cash I would like
to add some
context if you're as rich as Epstein
$20,000 is just it's just
Petty it's just pocket change so
probably that was the money he was using
to pay girls so it'd be off the books
probably tipping so I think that was the
money he was giving to people I don't
think that's the money he was collecting
CU if he was doing this International
blackmail
and and all he could get was
$20,000 I don't think that would have
kept his lifestyle up so if they had
found $10 million then I'd say whoa whoa
that looks like blackmail but if you
find
20,000 it seems far more likely that
that's related to what he's spending
than than what he's collecting just my
take on
that um here's something that's no
surprise at all how many times have I
told you that every city is corrupt
everyone well also according to justtin
news uh a majority of the 75 largest
cities are in financial trouble
according to a new report so a majority
of the 75 largest but here's the
interesting thing apparently they have
uh uh rules or laws that they have to
balance the budget so how can it be that
they have to balance the budget which
means on paper it's balanced but that
they're also in financial trouble how
can both of those be true
corruption apparently they're just
taking out of their costs a whole bunch
of things that should be in their costs
so they've Not Included the full cost of
the government in their budget
calculations and it pushed costs into
the future taxpayers so basically most
of them are underwater but they're doing
accounting tricks to look like they're
not now what do you expect when
professional Liars
politicians are the ones handling your
money what do you expect to happen on
paper if you were to say on paper um how
do you win an election well the most
corrupt person lots of times uh because
they can get the most support and money
and stuff if they're corrupt and
the so so basically the people who are
the best
liers often become the leaders because
they did a better job of lying about
their opponent than their opponent did
so I don't think it's an exaggeration to
say that profession that uh uh at least
City officials are professional Liars is
that too far when you say they're
professional
Liars because that's how they get
elected and then they lie about
everything and we can watch it we can
watch them lying in real time so if you
take the most lingest people in the
whole country and you say all right the
most lingest corrupt people manage my
money and there's going to be a lot of
it how could this go any other way so
I'm going to say again we need to
completely revise the who gets to
determine where money goes that's just
got to be taken out of the hands of
Mayors and politicians in the city the
the city can vote what they want to do
but when it comes to actually writing
the checks and auditing that's just got
to be taken away from the city that
cannot be you you can't the city
auditing itself you just can't do that
there's no way that
works so we need something that I don't
know if he can do that with an executive
order seems like a little overreach but
I don't know prime minister of Israel
just posted this on X um with the
conclusion of the first stage of the hos
deal and in light of hamas's refusal to
accept the witkoff framework uh for the
continuation of talks to which Israel
has agreed uh nanah who is deed Ed as of
this morning the entry of all goods and
supplies to the Gaza Strip will be
halted so that means he's starving the
civilians out I think that's what that
means right because the goods and
services going in would be mostly food
and
medicine so it looks
like the the last stage of
depopulating uh Gaza is in effect and
one of the things I've noticed is that
whenever Hamas acts it's really bad for
is Israelis citizens obviously so if
Hamas does a terror attack like October
7th it's terrible for the citizens you
know they they're traumatized or killed
or captured or tortured so if you're
looking at from the civilian point of
view Hamas is just all bad all the time
but here's the ironic thing every time
Hamas does something
big Israel as a country gets
stronger because it it Works to their
narrative and then they can capture more
land it's not the first time that
they've that it's allowed them to just
control territory that they wouldn't
naturally control so Hamas has this
weird kind of thing going on which is
the more they ATT they attack
individuals that are
Israelis the stronger Israel as a nation
gets it's very consistent and this will
be another example so it does look like
my guess is that they'll get rid of all
the civilians presumably they'll say if
you leave you can get food and medicine
I assume but if you stay the big bombs
the bunker Busters are the next phase I
think they're going to have to Bunker
bust the tunnels before they can do
anything serious and I think at this
point they might bunker bust them with
the hostages in them because they're
just running out of options so all the
options are horrific so I'm not saying
I'm in favor of
it um because it's all horrific I'm just
predicting where it's going and I think
Kamas has created the situation where
Israel just has a free
pass all right so that's all I got for
now and uh since I usually stay and talk
to the uh locals people privately but
we're only doing locals right now um I
think this broadcast will be put on the
other it'll be uploaded to the other
platforms a little bit later
today um so I think that's all I need to
say for now how'd you like the show