[Music]
hey everybody come on in it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams we're gonna get
me canceled today and if I don't get
cancelled today I don't know what
because it's a very canceling day you'll
find out why all right what do we need
to start the day to make it amazing
well the simultaneous sip would be my
suggestion and all you need is a cup of
our glass oh tanker chalices dying the
canteen jugger flask a vessel of any
time fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better
including practically cured coronavirus
it's ending the protests it's making
racial division smaller the economy is
zooming it's the simultaneous step go
have you noticed that most of our
problems are solved sure
Rhona virus under control and when I say
under control I just mean that our
hospital systems etc look like they're
gonna be able to handle it it looks like
all of our industries have figured out a
way to adapt looks like things are
coming back economy is coming back and
the protests have wound down haven't
they were there any protests last night
can anybody tell me because I started I
stopped watching news a little bit
because it was just non-stop bad news
without any nothing new to know it was
just the same news it was assault more
bad stuff and what
what's what's happening so what's going
on with the protest one theory is that
the the leaders are being rounded up and
shut down so it could be that law
enforcement has you know found ways to
push the right buttons to maybe tamp
down on some of it that could be it
could be maybe but let's talk about the
seattle autonomous zone first of all I
love the idea I've formed an autonomous
zone around my house and I think all you
need to do is just call yourself an
autonomous zone and suddenly you don't
have any loss so I have I've appointed
myself warlord of my own autonomous zone
I don't know what to call my autonomous
zone I was thinking of Scotland does
that take it ok I'll have to do some
thinking about that use a little bit
better branding alright so I'm gonna
make fun of the U Seattle autonomous
zone because it's a Seattle autonomous
zone I can't not make fun of it can we
can we agree you can't give you can't
give a professional humorist a Seattle
autonomous zone and then expect me to
ignore it
that's not gonna happen but let me say
this at the same time this might be the
way to move forward in other words not
necessarily this autonomous zone but the
idea of testing some stuff you have all
these people who are willing to live
with each other
so they don't have to live with us is
that really a problem the people want to
live their own way it's a big country
couldn't we let them test it because I
don't think they have bad intentions in
fact the whole point of the autonomous
zone is good intentions what would stop
us from allowing people with good
intentions to form their own little
experiments and then just run it see how
it see how it works
so I don't think this
one is it wasn't a well-planned
experiment because it happened somewhat
spontaneously completely spontaneously
so it would be a good test but in
general and I don't think you should be
taking over an existing city for your
experiment but I would like to see what
comes out of this so I'd like to give
some reporting about what's happening
inside the autonomous zone now I you
probably a lot of you saw a funny tweet
where there was somebody in the
autonomous zone some antiva
blacklivesmatter person I guess probably
more at Aoife I'm not sure but they were
complaining that all of their food was
eaten by the homeless now there's
nothing funny about starvation less
unless you started a Seattle autonomous
zone and you are surprised to find out
that there are people who are poorer
than you and they ate all your food now
I don't think anybody's gonna starve to
death because there's enough food and
there's enough people who would like to
give it to them but I think there are a
whole bunch of people who are gonna have
a little extra walk nurses another week
tour too when they realized that all of
the places that they get food sort of
depend on a lot of things they don't
want to exist so they've got some
surprises coming here's a little
interesting factoid it turns out that
Biden is doing way worse than Clinton
did according to polls with the Hispanic
vote like way worse so Hillary Clinton
had 61 percent of the Hispanic vote
whereas Biden is down to 58 to 33 so it
was 61 to 23 but Trump is ten points
higher with Hispanics why is that well I
would say it probably is a combination
of fact
is one of those factors is probably that
the the things that Trump was promising
to do it's clear he didn't do which is
deport 14 million people so if you lived
in the United States and you were afraid
that candidate Trump when he was running
the first time was going to deport you
of course you're gonna vote the other
way or gonna deport anybody that you
have a special affinity for you gonna
vote against it but once you saw that
that didn't happen and it doesn't look
like it's gonna happen at least in terms
of 14 million people being deported
maybe that's often people and they said
oh I get it it's really just about
securing the border so it could be a
little bit of that but I suspect it's
also a lot of it is is that the Hispanic
population likes law and order big
surprise right turns out everybody likes
law and order on average every every
black community likes law and order on
average every white community likes log
order on average every Hispanic
community likes log order on average so
it could be nothing more than the
Hispanic community seeing the protests
and just saying you know and I think
this trying to happen before the
protests so if the protests had any
impact it would be just a little bit of
a of an accelerant but just speculating
all right and I would also say that the
energy seems to be dissipating a little
bit from the protests and remember I
predicted that even if nothing changed
in terms of solutions and nothing has
changed right there's there's been
nothing that's like a solution I don't
think and I said that the protest would
just dissipate because the energy would
just get used up and I think that's
happened now in addition there are other
factors one is that maybe they think
they made the point maybe there may be
some businesses have opened and some
people got to go back
work so it's probably a whole bunch of
stuff they have alternatives at cetera
but I knew it would dissipate and sure
enough it it yeah do you ever worry that
white people are infantilizing the black
population in this country by not being
honest have you have you ever had that
feeling like you're really doing a bad
service to the black Americans in this
country because you're not being you're
just not being honest and I don't mean
being a racist that's not what I'm
talking about I mean just being honest
about the topic of race and racism and
how you feel about it and all that and
and of course if you're a white person
in the United States you don't have
freedom of speech in the way that lets
say other people do basically every
other person if you're white male you
have the smallest amount of freedom of
speech in a practical sense and in a
legal sense of course you have a hundred
percent freedom of speech but in a
practical sense there are things you
can't say as a adult white male that
almost anybody else could say so we
don't have the same level of freedom of
speech
now I'm not complaining I'm just saying
that's a fact so if you want me to
complain I'll do that separately I'm
just describing the situation and I
think that that's a great disservice to
the black population because how can you
how can you move forward if you can't
talk about something if you can't have
an actual conversation in which you
could say well here are my facts your
your facts let's see whose facts are
right if you can't do that how do you
solve anything and and certainly there's
nothing like honest conversation
happening I was watching a little bit of
Oprah last night on her o n o WN Network
and she was doing this looked like I
guess you'd call it a virtual roundtable
on video was some various leader
I think they were all african-american
leaders in the United States and they
were there talking about the situation
and one of them said something that is
so anti productive and it goes like this
and I don't know who he was I didn't
catch his name but he was an
african-american gentleman who was
saying that if you're white you
benefited from slavery meaning that the
fruits of slavery that you benefited by
being you know having a history of free
people even if you were not a slave
owner if your relatives were not slave
owners you still benefited from having
freedom that whole time but if you were
a black person whose history was in the
United States you started from the great
disadvantage so that white people have
this natural sort of systemic advantage
for systemic racism purposes and that is
sort of a permanent advantage but then
he made this point that I don't think he
knows how this sounds because you know
sometimes you say things and it sounds
one way when it's in your head but with
that when somebody receives it because
their experience is different the way
it's received is like oh that's not the
way I meant it the way you received it
and that's what happened here because he
said that if you were a white person who
was poor you still you still owed black
people because the the people in your
life who came before who maybe you've
never even met people who lived and died
before you were born your grandparents
grandparents etc that because those
people could have taken advantage of
their freedom and made money but that
other people's relatives came through
slavery and they didn't have the option
of taking advantage of freedom because
they didn't have any that even the
products of let's say unsuccessful
grandparents if you're white you still
owe some
to the black population today because
your parents your great-great
grandparents could have taken advantage
of it and made money but they didn't so
there's so they when you were born you
didn't have any money so they didn't but
they could have and so therefore that
you a poor white American you owe some
money to rich and poor black Americans
alike because of how much your
grandparents grandparents didn't hold
them back but rather could have taken
advantage of their freedom but didn't
what what's your what is your let's say
reaction to that emotionally what is
your reaction to that if you are in the
category of a white adult who did not
was not born with wealth which is
probably most of you right probably most
people were not born with wealth
I was boarded to a lower lower income
family now what is your but what's your
emotional reaction to that when you hear
when you hear somebody was a leader in
the african-american community I think
otherwise you wouldn't have been on
Oprah's chef so he must have been a
leader and he said that you as a poor
white person Oh rich black people some
money because your great great
grandparents didn't work hard enough and
take advantage of things is not it's not
their fault it's not black people's
fault that your great grandparents
didn't succeed they had every
opportunity they were free and so they
owe some money the poor black beat but
the poor white people by this reasoning
would owe some money to successful and
rich black people because they didn't
have that opportunity what do you say
that how about you how about just
 you completely about you from
head to toe how about you on every
court muscle of your body
how about your a-hole every
particle of your being how about
you before you were born and after
you're dead how about you
completely that's what I feel that's my
reaction now does it help does it help
that a black leader infuriated me by
making me seem as though it it's my
fault that my grandparents didn't work
hard enough first of all it's racist
obviously but let's talk about let's
about let's talk about reparations I
told you I was gonna get cancelled today
so might as well go for it you ready
let's talk about reparations I think you
would agree with the following statement
there's nobody alive who could be
objective right like if you said all
right we've all agreed that we should
calculate some reparations for slavery
how do you calculate it well if you if
you hire a bunch of white people to
calculate it you're gonna say well
they're not gonna do it right they're
biased if you hired a bunch of black
people to calculate it the white people
would say well they're they're biased
they're not going to do it right if you
hired somebody who wasn't involved you
still wouldn't trust them right so you
really can't find any human beings on
earth who could do the calculation
because there was a ton of subjectivity
right so you couldn't really hire
anybody to do it in a way that everybody
would say oh yeah that's pretty good
that's credible so as a as a thought
experiment imagine that an advanced
alien species was discovered and one of
their characteristics is they don't have
any bias it's just a weird alien from
another planet and you know we meet them
we interact enough and we realize they
just don't have any bias so we say can
you do us a solid favor we'd like to
calculate reparations but just look at
us we're all biased we can't do it can
you with your complete
lack of bias as a space Elliott
calculate the reparations for us and
just tell us what it is because we can't
do this with all of our bias and so the
Elliott's did this they said okay just
give me the raw data and we'll calculate
this one so so you say all right what do
you need
and the the space-alien says all right
here's what I'm gonna be I'm giving you
the the average income of black
Americans and you say all right all
right yeah and then you say it will also
get you the average income of white
Americans so you have a comparison and
that would tell you where the gap is
right and the space-alien would say why
would I need that and that you say well
that's what you're comparing you're
comparing how black Americans have done
since slavery and you want to compare
that to the average you know maybe let's
say economic output of white Americans
and who were you know they the
oppressors or the descendants of the
oppressors and the space-alien would say
that doesn't make sense that's not even
the right comparison and you'd say but
that's the whole point that's what we're
looking at that's the whole point and
the alien would say yeah that's the
whole point the point is that you have
uneven outputs I get that but that's not
what you asked me you asked me to
calculate the reparations part the
reparations is a different comparison if
I'm going to calculate the let's say the
the the theft from the black community
if you were to measure the theft let's
say just theft this slavery was in other
words you you stole the productive part
of their lives etc and you used it for
yourself so here's the here's the number
I need I need how does the average
economic situation for the average black
person is in this country and then to
compare it I want to compare it to the
average life of a black African
and you say what and the space alien
says yeah that's the comparison so you
want to compare what would happen to the
average black person if they had stayed
unmolested in Africa and there had never
been a slave trade because that's that's
what you're comparing to because if if
the people who were brought to America
as slaves and then their descendants are
doing much worse than if they've never
been brought with slavery then that's
the amount of reparations that's how
much they lost is all the money they
would have made if they just stay in the
Manfrotto you know what the problem is
right they would know they would owe
money to white people so the the space
alien if he could do the calculation
without bias would say the proper
comparison is what would have happened
if this crime of slavery had never
occurred so if had never occurred people
would have stayed in Africa they would
have had happy lives in Africa and they
would have had a certain lifestyle
compare that to what what it is now and
that's your difference about wrong now
I'm just saying that if you are good at
comparing things that's the comparison
you'd make now obviously you're not
gonna make any policy based on that
comparison because nobody's going to
accept that comparison right
yeah I'm cancelling so so and this is
exactly the sort of conversation you
can't have without getting cancelled
somebody in the comments to say yep
you're cancelled exactly well don't you
don't you think that's cancellation City
I'm just getting started
you want to cancel me way to the next
part I haven't gotten to the good part
here's question for you how long should
I wait let's go to do something first
before I get cancelled I'm gonna do some
other stuff first
have you seen you see in the news or a
bunch of alleged racist the statues are
being toppled against a statue of
Christopher Columbus was toppled and
some other statues are toppled because
they have their statues basically to
racists Columbus was a gigantic racist
it before I get canceled I just want for
four full context let me say I'm fully
unfold in favor of getting rid of those
statues why in the world why in the
world would you have racist statues it
just doesn't make sense like I I get I
get that it's historical but so was
Hitler you know Hitler was historical
does Germany have a lot of Hitler
statues so I'm completely with the black
community completely with the protestors
who want to get rid of the statues now I
would do it differently I'd probably
move them to museums or something so I
would handle it differently I don't
think I'd destroy them physically or
maybe I'd put a plaque out of it and say
this guy was a racist but we didn't want
to take down the statue because its
history yeah I think the protestors have
a point I wouldn't handle it the way
they're handling it here's a question
for you there is a new kind of
discrimination that just started I don't
know if you've experienced it yet so I
am aware of one person who is a trump
supporter who declined to hire a black
person recently not because they were
prejudiced so it was a trump supporter
who was not a racist who declined to
hire a black person for a job recently
just something I heard about personally
and the reason it was this wasn't racism
it was the fear
that the black person that would be
uncomfortable with them in other words
it was a fear that it the average black
person in the United States would so
dislike a trump supporter that if you
hired a black person and you were known
to be a trump supporter it would it
would be a problem for you so it's like
a whole brand-new kind of racism they
got created because the old kind was I
don't want to hire somebody because I
don't think they can do the job what
that wasn't even a little bit part of
this decision there was no part of this
the said can't do the job it just wasn't
part of the thinking it was purely that
that the that the attitudes of the
public had been so whipped up at the
moment that it was somebody who didn't
want to take the chance of spending time
with somebody who might hate them might
actually just hate them
and think they were a racist imagine
that it's like a whole new brand to
think so
and that's a real story of a black
person who didn't get a job not and
through no fault of their own through no
fault of their own didn't get a job it's
like I didn't see that coming it's a
whole new form of racism so that's not
good all right
I cannot wait for that Wattana Besson to
figure out that they need systems to eat
and I noticed and I'm not saying that as
a joke it does seem to be that this
autonomous zone we should let it run a
little bit and I mean that seriously we
should let it run until everybody
involved with it has a very solid idea
of what worked and what didn't work all
right because I've got a feeling there's
a whole bunch of people somebody said
this online and this little little bell
went off imagine a whole whole imagine a
whole category of people who grew up
with video games like for tonight what
do all video games
have in common not all of them let me
let me soften that greatly what do a lot
of popular video games have in common
they have in common the idea of fighting
people until you control territory right
a lot of video games are about you know
clearing a space you know controlling
territory so you have all these people
who grew up in the video game age who
just created a lot of this autonomous
zone essentially like a video game they
they just they lived their real life
like a video game they you know they
they picked up things that they could
use on the street like rocks and they
got energy from people who would bring
them water and food and so they played
it like a quest in which they were
trying to do something and somebody said
hey let's let's own this little zone and
then it became a proper video game but
what is the thing that all video games
have in common they're not they're not
true to life meaning that in a video
game nobody has to go to the bathroom
right in the video game nobody has a
bathroom yeah and you don't need to eat
or sleep so the basics of life they're
now coming there now confronted with
maybe for the first time in at least in
this form they're being confronted with
the fact that these oppressive systems
the one that's what the ones that want
to tear down they they don't tear down
so easily because if the tear them down
you end up with whatever is going to
happen in the AutoZone in the autonomous
zone I want to call it an Auto Zone
because that's a car dealership around
here all right all right let's go to
full cancellation you ready so I tweeted
this yesterday and I was being
provocative but for good purpose because
I'd really like to understand this and I
tweeted this what is the right amount of
time to wait for an example the key word
here is an example of systemic racism
before discarding it as Anna Lou
it's pretty provocative isn't it because
just even bringing up the the even the
notion that it's even possible this
systemic racism is based on an illusion
is pretty racist sounding isn't it
pretty provocative but I'm not saying it
doesn't exist I'm saying the opposite is
that this is a call for examples because
we have this weird situation in which
part of the country seems to have this
very solid idea of this thing called
systemic racism and at least half of the
country I don't know the actual
percentages bullets just say half and
half for conversation and another half
of the country doesn't have any idea
what that means
I mean legitimately they're not being
difficult they're not being
argumentative they literally actually
genuinely don't know what it means and
so the biggest problem in the country if
you're just looking at the news
headlines and the protests and stuff and
their racial division is et cetera
well the biggest issues in the country
and there's at least a solid half of us
and I'm in this half who are looking at
it and saying I'd like to fix that one
or whatever it is that's making half of
the country go nuts I'd like to fix that
if I could understand it you know cuz
I'm just a fixer I like to fix anything
that's broken you know if I can fix
something for you let me fix it but I
don't know what it is and so I asked
this question to try to provoke people
to do a better job of explaining it
because one possibility is that this
just not being communicated well right
so it could be there's a really gigantic
problem and it's a little bit invisible
to some people in the public and I'm one
of them a little bit of invisible to me
so they if they communicated it better
especially with examples then I can get
on board and that can say okay okay I
didn't get that but now with these three
or four examples this will help me
recognize it on my own so you've given
me four good examples and now I'll be
able to see it
one just because I have that pattern in
my head though oh okay here's a new
situation but now I recognize and that's
also systemic racism but at the moment I
have no idea what it is so I gave it a
week randomly I just said I'll give it a
week so it's been one day and I want to
tell you how people have done in
explaining to me what systemic racism is
shall we go to the whiteboard ironically
let's better the ironic whiteboard and
here's what I've learned so far about
what these are the answers you get when
you ask what is systemic racism people
like to give you an analogy and they say
all right let me explain what systemic
racism in this country is here's an
analogy and then I say stop stop why are
you giving me an analogy it's a systemic
racism it's everywhere give me an
example just point to it
say here's it here's some right here why
are you giving me an analogy for
something that's so widespread it's
everywhere can't you just look at it and
say here it is here it is Scott here's a
perfect example it's happening in your
life right now you're just blind to it
because you know white privilege I just
want an example if somebody gives you an
analogy instead of an example does that
make you think that they know what it is
because it makes me think they don't
know what it is because otherwise they
would say here it is look right here not
an analogy the other thing they'll do is
they'll give you a historical example
well back in 200 years ago and I'll say
ok but are we talking about that I get
the point that there's a ripple effect
through history so we're on the same
page with the the ripple effect from
slavery to the present but if you're
talking about historical examples why
why are you talking about historical
examples of it because the problem is
now right it is if it's widespread and
it's everywhere
why can't you give me an example that's
happening right now
so anybody gives you an analogy or this
an historical example makes me think
they don't know what it is or that it
doesn't really exist because those are
not the ways you would answer a question
about something that's pervasive and
everywhere and always present you also
see people make assumptions that I can't
test you see references to original sin
which is a reference to slavery as being
the original sin that this original sin
has sort of pervaded into the present to
which I say okay I buy that concept I
buy the concept that slavery was a
gigantic sin if you want to call it the
original sin the big sin I'm okay with
all that it says biggest sin as you can
get and I'll also agree that has a
ripple through history
so now show me an example but this is an
amazing example this is again another
call to history the other answer that
you get and and most commonly and I
think about every one of you have seen
this write the word salad there's some
kind of a long paragraph as an answer to
show me some show me the example of the
systemic racism you'll get a paragraph
with large words and jargon in it and
you read it you'll say I don't even know
what that means right
now what have I taught you is going on
when you see a word salad answer to
something it always means the same thing
because you're seeing it from different
people if one person always gave you a
word salad answer basically a bunch of
big jargon words that don't be anything
you'd say oh there's just something
wrong with that person but if lots of
people do what's it mean and they're
different everybody's word salad
paragraph is different from the next but
it's a widespread thing that happens
what's that mean
cognitive dissonance that's what it is
cognitive dissonance is most easily
identified by a word salad when you when
you trap somebody in their argument to
the point where it's just clear that
they've lost the argument and there's
just nothing there there will still
respond because people don't like to
give up but their response won't make
any sense even as sentences and but
they'll think they did that's a big tell
for cognitive distance the other thing
you'll get is a laundry list of what I'd
call ordinary racism
now when I say ordinary I don't mean
it's not bad I mean it's the common kind
common common racism would be you you
tried to get an apartment and you turned
down for being black that's just racism
right and I don't think that's systemic
racism that's just racism you go in to
get a job and your employer doesn't give
you the job because you're black that's
not systemic racism is it that feels
like just regular racism it didn't need
another word so this is another issue
you get just some examples of ordinary
racism which is not even the same topic
because we know what ordinary racism is
the question is what's the systemic
thing and then there's another category
which is bad statistics for example
somebody will say well look at the
number of black people who are killed by
police there it is just look at my
statistics and then I say that's
actually just bad statistics we don't
need to get into that you already know
that if you look at the number of people
stopped by police more more white people
are killed now there certainly is a
statistical difference in outcomes but
there are also lots of poor white people
so if you're going to say there's
systemic racism and it's proven by the
outcomes that that's a tough argument to
make and what do I do about it change
the outcomes you know I think everybody
wants better outcomes if we knew how to
do it
all right so here
here's where I am there are six days
left on my seven day challenge to
explain what systemic racism is or or
the default after seven days will be I
will assume that's not real and then
it's it's a major hallucination now
would this be the one thing that people
are hallucinating about now if you've
been following me for a while
you know that I think just about
everything in the public conversation is
a hallucination this isn't the one thing
that would be the hallucination
interesting comment in the comments
somebody says that crime and poverty are
caused by low IQ and I was doing some
reading on that and it turns out that
the IQ story is actually not nearly as
clean as you think it would be meaning
we don't know what causes IQ and why
anybody has it and we do know that it
can be changed a great deal so we know
for example that IQs have risen over
time and that doesn't make any sense
like why would our IQs be higher than
they were 200 years ago it doesn't make
sense
because that's not but they are and we
also know that you know if you take
somebody from one group who has
traditionally low IQ and they're adopted
by somebody who has traditionally high
IQ if they were adopted young enough
those kids have high IQs so there's
there's a big body of work that says
that IQs are so influenced by and also
by expectations have you ever heard of
the what's it called the Pygmalion
effect the Pygmalion effect which is
that I guess the experiment was they
took kids and they randomly said some of
them were gifted so kids who are not
necessarily gifted we're just told they
were so their teachers said oh well
we've identified you as a extra smart
person and then they they'd measure
their test scores at the end of the year
and all the
who were told they were smart got better
grades so it works really well with kids
it's a hypnosis trick actually that
people become what they expect to become
that you you manage your life to that
thing you think is true so if you were
simply to tell people you you're gonna
do great my mother for example from my
youngest age told me that I was
unusually smart and then I would be
unusually successful from four years old
probably and did that affect me probably
probably because if somebody tells you
you're smart enough you'll start acting
like a smart person does you'll say well
I guess I'd go to college I guess I'd do
a job that being smart makes a
difference so you can very much be
programmed by other people and your
environment so the whole ugh so the
whole IQ and poverty question is really
complicated but one of the things that
we can't pick out of that apparently and
I just looked at some of the some of
these studies yesterday one of the
things you can't sort out is a genetic
component and isn't that interesting you
would think that that would be the most
obvious thing that you could sort out
but when you start really you know
digging into the the details of it is
sort of disappears now it doesn't mean
it doesn't exist it just means it's not
identified so that's different
all right so let me summarize this again
I'm not saying that systemic racism
doesn't exist so if you hear that that's
the wrong message I'm saying as clearly
as possible I hope somebody can explain
it to me in the next week because if I
can't if nobody can explain it to me
without using one of these things which
is not an explanation or even close I'm
just looking for examples if I can't get
examples and I only get these things at
the end of seven days I will conclude
that it's it's a hallucination meaning
that it's a a common belief that just
isn't true
in a way that you can do something about
it
now I think that you it is certainly
true that there are differences in
outcomes there are differences in how
people are treated there are all kinds
of differences and you could easily make
a case that that's what you're talking
about but if that's what it is let me
know but I don't know which of these
things can be fixed if you don't have an
example yeah all right here's my last
cancelable point I think this should do
me in pretty well you're hearing a lot
about white privilege and one of the
things that I I'm a big believer in is
that each group be they women be they
black be they white be the Asian be they
whatever group whatever group you're in
I think every group does have the right
or should have the right let's say they
don't have a constitutional right but it
seems proper and good and good for the
world
if this standard could apply to
everybody and the standard is this if
there are particular words or phrases
that you find offensive to your category
of people you should be able to point
that out and discourage people from
using those words obviously the n-word
alright now there was a time when I was
young very young when I would say to
myself okay I get why we shouldn't use
the word it's insulting it's offensive
but who can tell me what words to use
I'm a free person in a free country I
should be able to use any word I want I
don't want to use that word I'd find it
offensive too but I should have the
right and you know that's sort of a
young person's argument as you get a
little more worldly and you understand
how things work a little bit better you
become a little we'll say less rigid and
you say to yourself oh I get it
the whole point is to live happily among
each other that's that's the big picture
right the big picture is now some
technical right you have in the
institution that doesn't mean anything
to you the right to use one specific
word big deal yes I do not have actual
freedom to use that one word does that
affect my life no it does not not even
the slightest bit so if you want if the
goal is to just live together and not be
jerks if you've got a word that offends
you I don't want to use that word and I
would certainly like to know I would
like you to tell me what that word is so
black people very clear on this point
very consistent the n-word it's off the
table unless you're a member of the
community and I'm cool with that a
hundred percent cool with that but I
like that standard to apply to everybody
now of course if you're if you're Jewish
if you're Hispanic you know everybody's
got their their word or words that they
would say all right not these words all
right you can use these words but please
just just understand how I feel when you
use these other words so don't use it
totally cool with that now I would like
to extend that thought the phrase white
privilege I I think is racist and
bullying I do understand that other
people don't think that I also don't
care that other people have a different
opinion of what the word means or how it
feels my point is that this is my
category
all right I'm a white person in America
so this is just a phrase that I find
deeply offensive and here's why what do
you say white privilege you're telling
me I didn't work for what I got now is
that what you mean is that do you intend
to say them maybe a little bit maybe not
I don't care I don't care what you
intended because that's not part of it
right would if you were black
would you care that a white person had
good intentions when they use the n-word
no you don't care about their intentions
you just don't want the word to be you
you just don't want it in the atmosphere
totally cool
makes perfect sense to me I'm with you a
hundred percent and I ask you in return
black Americans don't use the word white
privilege unless you want me to like you
less because that's what it does it
makes me feel bullied it makes me feel
disrespected and it makes any
accomplishments that I might have seemed
diminished now I was born without the
benefits of wealth or connections and my
parents didn't go to college both of
them had failed a grade and in high
school my impression of my life is that
I worked for what I got and I worked
very hard I worked pretty much I work
seven days a week and always have most
of my life I'd say I've worked seven
days a week and I did it because I
wanted to you know build something make
something accomplish something when
anybody tells me that white privilege is
any part of my experience I feel bullied
I feel diminished I feel insulted and I
don't ever want to hear it again
so it's the W word so I will completely
respect any other groups preferences for
what words to use the pronoun stuff is a
little you know that the pronoun stuff I
think is its own category and I don't
even have an opinion on that I just
don't care one way or another well
actually now let me let me throw that in
the mix let me be consistent the people
who have a pronoun preference I'm happy
to use it I've never had a problem with
that at all
and now it is it is a problem if
somebody accidentally uses the wrong one
and they get in trouble I don't like
that I don't want anybody to get in
trouble for accidentally using the wrong
pronoun but if somebody has a preference
call me him or her I don't care why
would I care I'm happy to
world I'm happy to give people what they
want that makes it happy I wouldn't even
complain about that you know the
slightest this is where I disagree with
well I'm not sure I do disagree because
if it became a legal requirement you
could go to jail for it or something or
lose your job I don't agree with that on
the pronoun stuff but I do I do agree
that to be a good person if somebody has
a preference why not use it all right
more whites are throwing around the term
white privilege somebody says in the
comments yes well more in terms of you
might be hearing it more on TV yeah just
because there are more white people so
so I don't doubt that more white people
are using white privilege somebody says
you also have educational privilege I do
but I had to work pretty hard to get it
all right safe spaces so am I going to
get cancelled today what do you think
we'll see so this is why I started the
locals account you can see there's just
all these topics that there are things
that you can say on Twitter you can say
on periscope and then there's another
level that you just can't say just just
stuff you can't talk honestly about and
again not with any bad intentions not
because you're a racist none of that
just there are whole categories of
things you're just not allowed to talk
about alright why is there no a for me
why is there no affirmative action in
sports you know I wonder about that
if if you're asian-american do you ever
look at the NBA and say you know not
enough asian-americans playing in the
NBA I don't know why is some wire than
some things fair and some things aren't
now I think the answer would be there's
nothing stopping them I mean they have
all the you know nobody nobody's
discriminating against anybody
asian-american in the NBA everybody has
the same tryout all right so I guess
that would be fair uplifting positive
vibes well I don't know if I gave you
any probably didn't but maybe you need
something I think you need some
uplifting positive vibes what are your
some look what we just did as a world
but as a as a United States for those of
you who are Americans watching this look
what we just did we just we just beat
the coronavirus which doesn't mean it's
over you know lots more people will die
but we did beat it in terms of it
destroying civilization it's not going
to destroy civilization it's just not we
will take losses we will mourn for our
losses but we beat the coronavirus we
beat it it's one of the biggest
challenges of of modern civilization we
just beat it we just beat the hell out
of it how about the economy are we
coming back yeah yeah we're coming back
and we're gonna come back harder because
we shook the box and then we have all
these new opportunities that come out
because we're looking at things
differently and things we can do that we
couldn't do and regulations that'll be
cut and things will be things will just
be more flexible in the future how about
that how about this all the protests and
the conversations about race we kind of
needed to do this didn't we don't you
think as bad as the economic devastation
is as bad as the retail destruction all
the innocent people who lost things we I
don't minimize that these are genuine
tragedies but sometimes you just have to
get things out of your system don't you
sometimes you just need to you know
scream at the sky sometimes you need to
punch a wall sometimes you need to break
something
again not justifying any destruction I'm
just saying it's human nature that when
your your anger your emotions reach some
level you it's gonna come out in some
form or another either good or bad I
feel as though it just needed to come
out I think it just needed to move out
of the shadows and get into the light a
little bit in that yes the only thing
that comes out of this is that everybody
involved in the conversation gets
smarter about it wouldn't that be good
imagine if just the only thing that came
out of this is everybody got smarter in
other words you learned what systemic
racism is still waiting for that lesson
but let's say we get that that would be
pretty good
suppose we learn what the real
statistics are for police killings
suppose we all learned the same
statistics because right now we think
you know we're on different pages but
suppose we came together and said oh
well okay those are the statistics we
should look at that would be a big deal
a really big deal if we could just agree
on the statistics and we're a lot closer
to that than we ever happen simply
because it's the conversation now you
know when it's not the main topic in the
news you can you can hit it with your
two-minute appearance of a pundit and
then it goes away and you never have to
talk about it again then another two
minutes later from another pundit you
can kind of it you could just sort of
ignore all the the racial problems if
you're just getting it in two minute
it's every few days but when it becomes
the major theme of the country
well you can't ignore it should we
ignore it I don't think so obviously
it's a big problem in at least in the
mind and experience of lots of Americans
so that should that should bother you
they should bother you that it bothers
other people if if you don't get that
you have not bought into society we are
social creatures it should bother you
that other people are bothered even if
you think they shouldn't be bothered you
should still bother you that they are
bothered
and you should care about that you
should do something about it if you
can't alright so that's the good news
good news is that we're the conversation
about race I think is going to be
elevated to a level we've never seen
before
and it might it might include some
honesty that we haven't dealt with
before and let me let me give you the
ultimate optimum going to save it so
tomorrow I'm going to tell you how all
racism and how the left and the right
can come together that'll be a
whiteboard lesson for tomorrow all right
and that's all we have for today I hope
somebody will explain to me systemic
racism because I actually do want to
understand it I'm not yeah it's not like
a strategy or something - it's not a
rhetorical strategy I actually want to
know genuinely completely I want to know
what it is
I want to know examples I'd like to be
able to spot it myself when I see it I
can't do it yet let's move there we'll
take it from there
and I'll see you tomorrow