I'm pumpin pumpin pumpin with a breaking
news breaking news everybody gather
round
news is breaking and you don't want to
get here after it's all broken get here
while it's still breaking hurry hurry we
have very important news about Joe Biden
now once we get a thousand people here
I'll let you know goes like this as you
may have heard previously and this has
been updated but North Korea called Joe
Biden quote a rabid dog who should be
and I quote again beaten to death with a
stick I thought that was real news it
turns out that is not true
the government of the United States has
offered a stern rebuke to chairman Kim a
lot of pushback chairman Kim you cannot
call an American citizen rabid dog and
call for him to be beaten to death and
expect that our commander-in-chief will
let that go no president Trump is not
going to let that go
just because you're running against him
for president that's not the kind of
president he is if an American is
threatened by an adversary overseas this
president is going to jump in as he did
with us stern rebuke which the president
president Trump tweeted today and I'd
like to read it to you
this is an official announcement from
Donald J Trump President of the United
States mr. chairman Joe Biden may be
sleepy and very slow but he is not a
quote a rabid dog unquote he is actually
somewhat better than that but I am the
only one who can get you where you have
to be you should act quickly get the
deal done see you soon
now that's the kind of attitude you want
from your president jumping in to defend
Joe Biden if any of you are joining us
late I like to dramatically read it
again from president Trump mr. chairman
Joe Biden may be sleepy and very slow
but he is not a quote rabid dog unquote
he is actually somewhat better than that
but I am the only one who can get you
where you have to be you should act
quickly get the deal done see assailant
so I'm happy that the president this
time finally decided to back Joe Biden a
good American and I want to share that
with you what about our sip somebody's
asking well you must have missed that
already I just wanted to bring you this
breaking news I have nothing else to say
bye for now