but I'm pumpin up and pop them up hey
everybody hey Joanne come on in here I
see you Kevin you know the question of
the day is what is better than coffee
with Scott Adams by periscope answer
nothing nothing's better than coffee
with Scott Adams and you happen to be in
the right place at the right time and
it's time to grab your cup your mug your
Stein your chalice your glass your
container of beverage fill it with your
favorite beverage I like coffee and join
me for the simultaneous sip
all right first order of business a
number of people are complaining that
they're looking at my face covered with
comments if you take your phone and you
turn it sideways Boop like this or
actually if you're if you're watching it
like this and you turn it this way the
screen will change on your device so
that the comments are in a separate
place from the face and better yet my
face will get smaller and the comments
will get bigger you really don't want to
be looking at my face in the largest
possible size trust me on this all right
uh-huh
there are many funny things happening in
the world today let's talk about them
apparently President Trump said it is
rally speech something about a hundred
pictures of Comey and Muller hogging so
so Trump puts in people's minds the
image of Comey and Muller hogging and
says there are a hundred pictures of it
so somebody did a Freedom of Information
Act to get all the photos of Comey and
Muller hugging and decided it was fake
news but in the meantime
they circulated around the image of
Comey and Muller hugging so even though
it doesn't exist there are no apparently
there are no photos of Kobe and Muller
hugging you can't get it out of your
head that's in there now so here again
president Trump has used a small
inaccuracy shall we call it to
completely persuade how good is he at
persuading well his latest approval
polls from NBC I think put him at 47
percent compared to Obama at about the
same time I believe was 45% keep in mind
that as 47% is up from zero when when
Trump first announced his candidacy
what was his popular popularity his
approval level 5% something like that
and so President Trump has gone for
about from about 5% in popularity on the
day he announced to 47% so it was
something like a 10 times increase in
popularity now I ask you when people say
to me why do you say you think he's so
persuasive and I say well he did become
president with no practice and his
popularity has gone up tenfold in two
years has anybody else's popularity
going up tenfold in two years probably
not all right
here's some fun comments about the
caravan I know you want to call it a mob
but let's call it caravan so the big
caravan 7,000 people coming up you've
seen lots of pictures probably what is
it this strikes you about the pictures
one is it's mostly male that's one thing
but the other is they're not really
carrying much for people who walked on
and miles now of course this is sort of
the the caravan is a lot like a fashion
show when I was young I used to watch
televised fashion shows usually just a
clip that would show in the news and the
clip they always showed in the news was
somebody on the runway of the fashion
show wearing you know some gigantic
weird hat made out of tin cans and and
goldfish or some damn thing and being an
unsophisticated kid I would say to
myself this is ridiculous why are they
having a fashion show of people wearing
entirely only things that nobody would
ever wear what is the point of having a
fashion show when the clothes their
fashion showing nobody would ever wear
their crazy things and of course I was
somewhat unsophisticated in those days
and I did not understand that the
fashion show is for the camera the
fashion show is not about anybody buying
any of those clothes it has nothing to
do with that it's just to get attention
from the brand and so they wear the most
outrageous things they can so the idiots
like me would say my god where who's
going to wear outfit like that we
literally used to say that when I was a
kid we would read it and my whole family
even my parents would say who's gonna
wear it I don't felt like that as if as
if that was ever intended so the mob is
a little like that so when you're
looking at the nothing mob the caravan
the caravan is like a fashion show these
are not the people who you know are the
poor immigrants these are the people who
are there for the camera for the protest
for the persuasion the reason that
they're not carrying much with them is
because obviously there's some massive
support system behind them have you yet
seen a picture of the massive support
system I haven't have any of you there
must be a lot of buses
there must there must be gigantic you
know trucks full of supplies and
backpacks and there's probably sunscreen
pretty much all of the men have you know
baseball caps to protect from the Sun so
keep in mind that when you're saying to
yourself hey those people don't have
backpacks they can't be real
immigrants and hey they're not carrying
anything what are they getting their
food you're you're like I was when I was
a kid watching a fashion show
all right the the people in the caravan
are about the cameras they're not about
migration so much so if you get that
frame right it all makes sense here's
the other thing that I find amusing we
keep hearing reported that families and
I think it's per family would have to
spend something like $5,000 two coyotes
which I think are mostly the cartel to
get across the border
all right so $5,000 it would cost to pay
the cartel to get across the border how
many of those seven thousand people have
five thousand dollars out of them
or does the cartel take checks because
I'm very confused about whether any of
these people are in that same category
as the people who pay five thousand
dollars to get across and I think I
think the answer is no I would imagine
that nobody in that crowd has $5,000 so
let's not conflate that these people are
not looking to you know this particular
group I don't think they're looking for
the cartel to put to move them across
and you probably don't want to start the
rumor that they're carrying large
amounts of money with them
yeah I can't imagine that they're there
bristling with cash that doesn't make
sense
all right another topic so not long ago
Bloomberg did a big report at which they
said China had put little spy chips on a
lot of motherboards
so that a lot of our technology
including technology from Apple has
Chinese spy technology right on the
boards Apple looked at its technology
and said no we don't there is absolutely
nothing to this this report is 100%
false we're the experts we looked at the
boards and there's nothing on there
that's to worry about so here's the
interesting part
Bloomberg is sticking to its reporting
they're sticking to the reporting so
frickin Tim Cook from Apple says you
know we're basically one of the top
technology countries in the history of
the universe we're looking at this board
and we're telling you there's a hundred
percent certainty there's nothing on
there
could you please you know issue or a
correction and Bloomberg says no on one
hand you've got the entire Apple
technology you know what would you call
it that the highest level of technology
in the world but on our side we've got
this reporter and they're sticking with
the reporter good lord
Bloomberg what is going on there let's
talk about something else so apparently
the president's getting ready to sign
the big opioid reduction bill and then
among other things it has a there's a
part of the bill or maybe it's separate
but anyway there's something happening
right now that will authorize the post
office to check every package coming
from China I think it's a digital
platform I don't know exactly the
details of how they're checking stuff
but it's modeled on what FedEx does so
they're taking a model which has been
tested small remember I keep telling you
whenever there's something that can be
tested small do it because you don't
have to wonder if it's going to work
just test as small and in this case
FedEx is already using this system so
when the US Post Office says should we
do this they don't have to wonder if
it's a good idea they just look at FedEx
and they say is it working for you yes
okay let's do that
so you're seeing the government operate
very much the way you would want a
government to operate looking at a small
trial doing the research takes a while
everything's slower than it ought to be
but it looks like they're getting the
right answer now I also started piecing
together some of the things that the
administration is doing to squeeze China
and apparently the the new deal with
trade with Mexico and Canada that
replaces NAFTA also does something to
prevent China from sending goods to
Mexico and then have it appear to be
coming from Mexico so that he's closed
that loophole so this president is
closing the China postal loophole and
he's already closed through a new
agreement the way that China can send
things to Mexico and then pretend it
came from Mexico so these are big deals
now I'm in the camp that says you
probably can't reduce the amount of
fentanyl in the world because it's so
easy to make they found you know twenty
eight million dollars of it in some
little package
you know package about this size is
worth twenty eight million dollars and
it might cost ten thousand dollars to
produce it so there's no way in the
world given
economics and the upside of being a
dealer that they're ever going to put a
dent in the supply that said you should
still do everything you can to punish
the mass murderers who are involved in
it because I think fentanyl has to be
treated like a weapon of mass
destruction and not like a drug cocaine
is a drug heroin is a drug fentanyl is a
weapon of mass destruction and you
should not treat it the same as a drug
problem now while I am in favor of
executing Chinese nationals who have
been you know who we know to be offense
'''l dealers if china won't do it I say
we send in our people to kill them on
their behalf because it's illegal in
China and if China was operating as a
respectable functional government it
would be executing them themselves so we
could do them a favor and do it for them
but at the same time we're executing
mass murders people were creating
weapons of mass destruction in the form
of fentanyl we should be treating the
users in whatever is humane and workable
and we've seen work before my
understanding is that having a tainted
supply of fentanyl is a bigger risk than
having no fentanyl available because
people will go in the black-market
they'll get the sketchy stuff it's
probably what killed my stepson a month
ago getting a sketchy supply we don't
have confirmation but it seems likely so
we should certainly be looking at safe
supplies for fentanyl users now I
started digging into the issue of
getting off fentanyl and getting off
opioids in general and I didn't know
much about how hard it is to get off but
here are some of the things I'm finding
and this is preliminary so I'm just
going to bring you up to the level that
I've come up to which is not high enough
so your caveat here your grain of salt
here is that what I'm telling you might
be incomplete but I'll try to improve on
as we go here's what I know there's a
drug called suboxone that you can take
that helps people get off of opioids
when you're on the suboxone taking a
real opioid will make you go into
withdrawal and make you very sick so the
first thing it does is if you're on it
it keeps you from taking the illegal
stuff that could kill you because you
can't tell the quantities or right now
this this requires that you also have
the suboxone right and you're taking it
on a regular basis the taking about a
regular basis part seems to be the
problem
because it's hard to get people to take
any drug at the right time in the right
amounts but from what I've learned if
you were to take this a boxin in the
right amount under a doctor's care your
odds of being able to then wean off the
suboxone and therefore being off of
everything eventually is very very high
and this was my surprise my assumption
was that getting off of opioids was
first of all very hard to the point
where most people couldn't do it and I
think that's the actual the actual you
know the averages people can't get off
them but it does seem that if a doctor
is working with a motivated person with
suboxone and they are tapering off on a
very very slow taper that the odds of it
working are really really high it
actually works pretty much almost all
the time so believe it or not we have an
actual cure for addiction it's just not
implemented because experts differ a
little bit it's kind of difficult to how
long so then somebody said how long the
time it takes apparently differs but it
could be anything from a few months to a
couple of years but there's no it's not
a race so if it takes you a couple of
years and you're not suffering during
the time which is the whole whole point
if you're tapering slowly off the sub
you're not suffering there's no
withdrawal now I've heard that one of
the issues with attics using any kind of
withdrawal method is that if they've
ever experienced withdrawal it's so
horrible that they'll be afraid of
anything that gets them off of drugs
because they think that's also what
could make them you know accidentally
withdraw again so you need the medical
professionals to be you know watching
pretty closely so it makes me think so
here here are the parts that I'm putting
together there is a drug which under the
ideal situation pretty much fixes all
addicts in other words it does get them
off the drug without withdrawal and
without a huge problem but the odds of
getting the right you know the right
professional situation a motivated
addict and having them follow through
for two years is low right because
humans are humans so even though this
system is pretty well tried even though
it's pretty well tried and we know it
can work the actual some of these things
somebody died I think is that true I
don't want to say it out loud but
somebody's saying somebody famous died
here and I don't want to say that name
until I see CNN alright I don't say
anything that doesn't seem real so the
the point there is that we may be very
close to being able to completely beat
opioid addiction but it's probably about
the system not the resources so if we
think more more cleverly about opioids
we already have a way to get rid of
pretty much all of it it appears now
but that's my preliminary opinion my
preliminary apparent opinion is as a box
and does work but we don't have a way to
make sure that people are monitored and
take their pills at this is the right
time totally fixable that's a very
fixable problem let's just and and the
way to fix it would be you would have
some you would have some trials and you
would say here's what we're going to do
this group of addicts you're all going
to be monitored very very closely for
example let me just throw in an idea
let's say you had a system in which
every addict or wore a Apple watch now
of course you know there's a there's a
monetary impact on that but I'm just
spitballing here right every addict
wears an Apple watch the Apple watch
tells them when to take their suboxone
if they don't take it and they don't
report back maybe maybe they have to
send a text or use an app that says they
did take it if they don't they get a
phone call from a human who says why are
you ignoring your suboxone we didn't get
it we didn't get a message it says you
took it then they go oh my watch was not
charged here I'll take it so one could
imagine a way it doesn't have to be with
Apple watches but one could easily
imagine an app a way to check in a
series of sponsors some way to guarantee
that somebody took the suboxone at the
right amount and the right time if we
can get a trial going we could probably
solve opioids that's my current opinion
alright let's talk about something else
I I am fascinated by the Saudi story
story about Khashoggi and I have an aha
for you so this was my aha the thing
that made everything makes sense
so the khashoggi story is that this the
the Saudis allegedly allegedly sent a
hit team to kill khashoggi in the Saudi
embassy in Turkey and it was planned in
advance as evidenced by the fact that
they brought a body double and they
brought a
and all this stuff so the part that's
hard to understand is why the Saudi
explanation was so bad it was so bad
that even the president called the diode
as the worst cover-up ever there's
actually a quote from the president I
think yesterday talking about is just
like a mind-bogglingly
bad excuse and you've probably said to
yourself I don't really understand why
Saudi Arabia could be you know a modern
highly educated leadership sophisticated
they understand the world and with all
that going for them the best explanation
they could come up with is that he died
accidentally in a fight khashoggi this
is which nobody's gonna believe so
wasn't that a mystery to you wasn't our
mystery is like why would the Saudis
come up with an explanation but
absolutely nobody's going to believe and
I have an answer for you I have an
answer for you it turns out and let me
couch this by saying I'm not the expert
so this is what I've read from other
people who have more knowledge about the
culture in the Middle East and it goes
like this lying isn't the same thing in
the Arab culture as it is in the Western
culture all right now this is not my
opinion I'm just saying that I've read
what experts have said so much so that
there's a difference in what is what is
technically a lie so much so and I'm not
talking about Takia I'm not talking
about that that's a separate situation
yeah even beyond that right there's a
there's a little Islamic there's an
Islamic permission if you will to lie if
you're lying to a non Islamic person and
you know it's in the it's in the
interests of Islam but I'm not talking
about that so stop saying that in the
comments we're not talking about Takia
that's a special case that is
is promoting I'm not talking about Islam
I'm talking about the Arab culture here
which is mostly Islamic but we're
talking about the Arab culture not Islam
right now and the contention is that
what we would consider a lie in the West
they would not consider a lie so much so
that somebody actually said that if you
gave a lie-detector test to somebody in
an Arab culture they might pass it even
though in the West we could confirm it's
a lie how could that be how could a lie
not be a lie in a different culture and
I'm trying to understand this and this
is the closest I can get right so now
we're talking my interpretation of
something I don't entirely understand so
if somebody wants to tell me later that
I'm completely wrong that's okay now I
want to clarify that when I talk about
something called the Arab culture I'm
not talking about DNA I'm not talking
about race I'm talking about culture
right sort of an agreement that people
make living in an area all right it's
not about race it's not about DNA and my
understanding is this could be wrong but
I think I'm close to the truth in
Western culture when you tell a lie the
purpose is to get the other person to
believe it's true all right I'll say
that again in the West in the United
States for example in Europe for example
if you tell a lie the whole point of
telling the lie is to try to convince
the other person it's the truth that's
what a lie is in in Western culture
apparently in the Middle East and in the
Arab culture in particular it might be
more cultures but this is one we're
talking about because we're talking
about Saudi Arabia
apparently in that culture and here's
the part that I need a confirmation on
so this is an 100% certain apparently a
lie doesn't have to
in the service of trying to convince
somebody it's true in other words in
that culture this is the proposition you
could say something that's completely
not true that you know the other person
you're talking to knows is not true and
that because it would be impolite to
sort of call it a lie
it's just a way to get past the topic so
here's the difference in the West a lie
is something you hope somebody will
believe the proposition is and I'm not
positive this is valid so I look for
confirmation to this that in the arab
culture sometimes a lie is just to get
past the topic with no expectation that
the person you're lying to would even
feasibly believe it's true the example
given in one article i read was that
yasser arafat who was sort of a famous
liar was once asked to the meeting to
talk to some important people in the
government and he acted like he didn't
know who they were and the America the
the Western negotiators were like I
don't know what to do now you're acting
like these people that you clearly know
you've never heard of them what do you
do with that and finally after the
Westerners were like so perplexed
because Arafat kept acting like he
literally didn't know these people
his aides started laughing because if
they couldn't keep the they could keep
it up and then there if that was like I
al I'll talk to him so in other words
Arafat was telling a lie to their face
that he knew they knew was a lie
and that that was sort of normal
business it was just a get past the
conversation I guess so when you see the
Saudi Arabia say oh yeah he died he died
in a fistfight or whatever it was so
when Saudi Arabia says yeah yeah yeah we
sent him there we were just going to
kidnap him and Terry gate him but he
died in the fight here's the part you
don't understand Saudi Arabia
never expected anybody to believe it
that's the part that we were all missing
and if it's true that the reports are
the reports are that MBS you know the
crown prince was he couldn't understand
what all the commotion was like he
couldn't understand why the world was so
incensed by it and I think he probably
couldn't understand I don't want to read
his mind but yeah you know if any of
this is true he would have been confused
why his excuse didn't work and the the
difference would be cultural in the
United States people were saying well
that's obviously a lie so you're our
ally and because you're an ally why are
you lying to us and in a way that's just
so obviously a lie and the answer is
it's a cultural difference that they
knew it was a lie they knew you wouldn't
believe it but that was never the goal
the goal was never to make us believe it
and once you realize that that it was
just something to say to get past it you
[Music]
understand it differently I don't know
if it changes your opinion on anything
but I just put that out there uh-huh
now if you've been following my Twitter
you know that were in periscope you know
that I've been having this long
conversation about George Soros and
whether he's really the boogey man or if
it's Soros derangement syndrome and
among the things that people have been
telling me is well look at this video in
his own words where he was a 14 year old
who was helping the Nazis and then they
send me to a video in which it looks
like he was helping collect up the the
possessions of the Jews had been shipped
off to the concentration camps and he
was helping the the Germans steal stuff
from the Jews and he's a Jew and
therefore it's all bad but of course
that video is edited and taken anakata
so if you go over to Snopes you can see
the actual video in which he says he was
just an observer so his apparently
according to his own words and they're
the only ones we have from that time he
was observing he wasn't the guy who was
helping the Nazis he just happened to
exist at the same time so if your
opinion of Soros is based on that video
take it in a context go see Snopes and
and that'll straighten you out
now the second part is the idea that
Soros wants a one-world government
yes nopes is terrible but it's just the
video there people are saying Snopes is
discredited because it's left-wing let
me agree with you that Snopes Snopes has
a political bias but they're just
playing the video if you play the video
you're not going any question about
what's going on so you don't have to
worry about their bot bias in that
particular case so the other thing is
that Soros has this one one world
government idea and I started reading up
a little bit about that and of course
the situation is the Soros has a big
complicated idea that looks entirely
impractical for the most part but
because it's big and complicated people
have misinterpreted it to be to mean
that he wants to get rid of all
governments and and have the one-world
government
what does seem to be true is that he
wants some some global organizations
that do have power some global
organizations so the economics are
decided efficiently and then you don't
have big disruptions and I say to myself
that's not that's not crazy to have some
elements of our economics some kind of a
global structure somebody says you are
going naive now let me say let me do
that for you whoever said that you are
naive you are naive I left out the
reasons because I don't have any
so Menai Eve about Soros so I'm
admitting that I'm starting my journey
to understand them what I've found so
far is all indications that it's mostly
kind of a Soros derangement syndrome
yeah so my guess is that yours
many of you are suffering from Trump
derangement syndrome but it's the Soros
variety now that doesn't mean that you
agree with Soros it could be that you
think that any kind of a non nationalist
approach to the world would be bad for
you or even for the world that's
legitimate so you could certainly
disagree with him on his lefty politics
you could certainly disagree with him
that we need more global organizations
they have some economic control over
everybody I think there's also a part of
it where he'd like to have some global
legal system so that if North Korea was
abusing its people the world could do
something about it if Saudi Arabia
murders somebody on their own soil in
their own embassy that this global
entity could do something about it now
that's either a good idea or a bad idea
I haven't read the details feels like
it's a little problematic to me but it
doesn't sound evil and it also doesn't
sound practical meaning that I can't
imagine any world in which these things
would happen and they're just sort of
conceptually spell down so I can't
imagine we have to worry about it so
calling him an enemy I think is
overstating the situation saying that
you disagree with his ideas that could
never be implemented anyway that seems
fair but there it doesn't sound like any
of that global open society stuff's
going to happen so I wouldn't worry
about it now he is apparently also gets
credit for helping Eastern Europe break
free of the soap
Union which it's a pretty big deal so he
has the things that we know for sure is
he's done some things that he imagines
are good for the world so if you're
thinking he's evil
that's just soros derangement syndrome
if you think he has some ideas that are
impractical in other words their systems
that wouldn't work I would say you can
make a good argument about that he has
said for example that capitalism has
eaten democracy basically that you can't
have democracy and capitalism without
them getting an ax balance I would say
that's true why do we say that's true
because of Soros Soros is his own
argument Soros will tell you that he's a
big capitalist and he made billions and
billions of dollars and so his influence
is bigger than it should be he is his
own argument his own argument is that
people like Soros should not have so
much power think about it that's
actually his argument now here's my
problem with the Soros people and people
are asking me to talk to leave Stranahan
and I have on Twitter anyway and Lee
send me a video to explain it and I have
the same complaint which is if you can't
describe briefly in the in the length of
a tweet what the problem is you don't
know what the problem is so sort of a
general rule about sorting BS from
reality if somebody can't succinctly
describe the problem they don't know
what it is and if you ask somebody
what's the problem with Soros they'll
either send you to a video that's edited
to be misleading the one about you know
when he was 14 and and in the Nazi era
so they'll show you their fake news the
edited video or they'll say he wants to
have one government which is a gross
oversimplification of what he's saying
and it's not practical no but
is really working on that so it's not
like that's gonna happen it's completely
irrelevant they'll say he's funding a
lot of Democratic groups so so what
people are funding Republicans too there
are billionaires funding lots of people
that's what makes it a fair fight which
is fine with me
so ask Alex Jones it doesn't matter who
I ask they're not going to be able to
explain it and if they can't explain it
it doesn't matter in other words it's
it's more it's more derangement syndrome
than it is fact all right that's enough
on that so here's my I'll just summarize
and say that my current opinion of Soros
is that he's well-intentioned he has
some ideas that you don't like but are
also so impractical that you don't have
to worry about them and he funds a lot
of lefty groups because he thinks they
have at least good social ambitions such
as black lives matter etc you can
disagree with them it's not the biggest
problem in the world all right and and
and here's the bigger issue when people
on the right obsess over Soros you you
just throw away all your credibility
because the people on the Left just see
it as crazy and there's nothing coming
from it there's no benefit coming from
it you know you can complain all day and
tweet all day about Soros but doesn't
change anything you know he's not
breaking the law he's got an opinion and
you don't like it
so you ruined your own credibility when
you obsess about Soros that's my bottom
line then he creates fake grassroots
movements I think it would be more fair
to say that he funds all kinds of groups
and and advocacy groups are mostly fake
movements
so I mean that's sort of the the fabric
of politics is that a lot of these
movements are fake and he funds some of
them some of them are on the left there
must be some on the right let's talk
about this NPC thing I'm having trouble
I think y'all know what I mean the
non-player character thing in which
there are some memes going around like
might have started in 4chan or something
and the idea that the people on the left
are like these characters and video
games that can only say that a few
different sentences and I gotta say it
is really brutally effective persuasion
because it reduces people on the left to
NPCs you know people who could only say
one thing regardless of the situation
and whether or not that's a fair
characterization characterization of one
side I think you could argue that it's
you know my view of the world is that
the world is full of NPCs and that
they're not limited to one political
side but it is really funny and it's
very effective because it sets people up
to fall into the trap
so once you've labeled the other side as
non player characters meaning that they
only say predictable things like orange
man bad which which is hilarious every
time I read it everything they do say
the things which are typically the
things they say you can say it well
there you are at PC again so it's
brutally effective but here's the thing
apparently people are being banned from
social media for pushing this meme and I
it just doesn't seem like it just
doesn't seem like it's that bad it seems
like it's just funny so yet Twitter
suspended NPC Dale the character who was
coming into my Twitter feed and under
the
under the umbrella of parody was
pretending to be a leftist insulting me
but was doing it hilariously so I don't
exactly know why he would have been
banned because it was satire and it was
so funny that even i retweeted it and
said you should follow it because it was
kind of hilarious but he must maybe
cross some line I don't know about
persuasion is being banned for
effectiveness you called it yeah as
persuasion gets better and better it's
gonna have to become illegal and there's
no way around that persuasion will have
to become illegal when it reaches a
point of effectiveness that we can't
ignore any more dehumanizing is the
reason so the NPC thing is dehumanizing
well I guess yeah I mean technically and
practically speaking the NPC meme is
dehumanizing but it's dehumanizing in a
silly way it's not it's not dehumanizing
in the dangerous way in my opinion it
Tamiya seems dehumanizing in sort of a
rhetorical funny persuasive way that I
wouldn't worry about but I don't make
the rules wouldn't it take persuasion to
make persuasion illegal am i but there
will be plenty of it so
have you noticed that the calling of
Trump supporters and Trump a Nazi has
largely fallen off have you noticed that
you just don't see it anymore and I I
continue to use my technique of when
anybody comes after me personally
without you know if somebody criticizes
my opinion I'll usually engage with them
but if they if they go after me and say
well you're such an idiot
which is a typical tweet that I get
you're such a jerk you're an idiot
you're an
then I label them as Nazis for their
personal politics being against the
people and not the idea and then I block
them and my the quality of my web
traffic has gone way up like it used to
be it was like it felt like every third
tweet was from somebody calling me a
some kind of bad name but since I
started aggressively labeling them as
Nazi just one sentence I say I blocked
Nazis goodbye and then I blocked them so
I make sure that they see the message
before I block them and it's been
wonderfully successful it's completely
changed my experience because every time
I get insulted I have fun now because I
think about what happens when they see
my response when they've insulted me and
I've labeled them a Nazi in public and
then block them so they can't respond it
makes me happy every time and I never
hear from them again and and because you
know if you have a hundred followers
it's going to be three of them that are
problems so it doesn't take that long to
weed out this small group who are
creating all the problems
yes so there's a little bit of a let's
talk about the fact that the president
said he's a nationalist and so he says
he's a nationalist which causes his
critics to say Oh
nationalists you mean white nationalist
and I'm thinking if that's the best the
left has they are so Anna vamo because
being a nationalist is pretty much the
job description of the president right
would you elect a president who said you
know I like America but I don't love it
yeah I'm kind of Pro Estonia you know
America is okay I'm running for
president and America is just okay but I
like Venezuela - I'm not sure that's the
president you want I think the president
you want is the one who puts the u.s.
first who would be called the
nationalist so the fact that that is
even a talking point the fact that the
fact that the left is using that as
their best attack this week it was their
best attack the best thing they had this
week against the president is that he
used an accurate word to describe the
job description of a president that was
it now many of you I think by now have
seen my tweet which has been terribly
popular and I'll read it to you in case
you missed it because it's so darn good
and it goes like this
as I looked for my own tweet it was like
this the Republican slogan is job's not
mobs the Democrat slogan goes like this
there really aren't that many murderers
in the caravan if you consider how many
people there are and we're up to 5,400
retweets which is a lot for me
and the reason is something like this
gets retweeted a lot is not not just
because I worded it funny but because it
it feels right you know people accept
the first part that the Republican
slogan is job's not mobs
so that part's true the second part that
the Democrat slogan is there really
aren't that many murderers in the
caravan if you consider how many people
there are sort of strikes people as the
best the best message that's coming out
of the the Democrats right now and now
obviously I'm wording it in a in a funny
way but that is actually the message the
messages there aren't that many
murderers in the group and I'm not
saying that they're wrong I think it
actually is true I saw some statistics
yesterday that the the immigrant class
as a as a whole is actually lower lower
crime than non immigrants
although I do wonder if they included
all immigrants versus immigrants coming
across the southern border so I don't
know if they if they make any
distinction there but I'm starting to
think that the Democrats have completely
blown through their powder right before
the midterms have you ever seen a
midterms set up that was more perfect
for one side I mean the Republicans just
have to giggle themselves to bed every
night this week because there is Justin
oh and then in the news Mike avenatti
lost his court case and it got kicked
out of his office and something happened
to him and he owes five million dollars
or more so it's just non-stop good news
now for the president it's just one
thing after another
illegal immigrants that are victims of
crime don't report that's a good point
if you assume that every population
commits more crime against its own
people than others you would have to say
for example you know
black-on-black crime is the reason
there's so much of it is that obviously
you commit crimes against whoever's
around and if people are segregated by
populations you know mostly by choice
you're going to be committing crimes
against your your own population so if
the immigrants largely stick together
you would expect that they would be
committing more crimes against each
other than they would be committing
crimes against the rest of the
population and as somebody said an
illegal and the illegal immigrant who is
the victim of a crime let's say a sexual
abuse it's not going to report it they
don't they don't want to get into the
legal system so given that wouldn't it
be literally impossible to know what the
crime rate is for immigrants illegal
immigrants versus the rest of the
population you might be able to know for
legal immigrants but if you're measuring
only legal immigrants you're getting
people from all over the world and no
surprise they're law-abiding and they
want to be in the United States if you
were to look at only the people who came
across the southern border illegally and
you only looked at the crimes that they
committed against people outside of
their own community because those are
the ones people were report the ones
inside the illegal immigrant community
probably don't get reported you get a
totally misleading view of what what the
situation is now just to be clear I'm
just talking about the facts of it here
I'm not giving you an opinion
I am a moderate on immigration we need
to do a better job of immigration but
I'm not a hard-ass about the nice people
who come across and just want a better
life you know there my empathy is pretty
high for the immigrant class but we
certainly need a better system and I
don't have any good ideas all right
my mom has labeled national realest is
that what she labeled me or labeled you
oh yeah so megyn kelly made a comment
that's giving her a lot of negative
attention I think there's a little too
much schadenfreude there about megyn
kelly i it makes me sad to watch people
be so happy about bad news for megyn
kelly because I just think she's always
been good at her job and I don't think
she deserves what she's getting so I
don't want to pile on megyn kelly I'll
just say that people are piling on her
and it doesn't it doesn't look good to
me yeah I think she's likable and she
has good intentions the fact that she
came hard at President Trump it didn't
work out for her but I can't feel good
about that
[Music]
all right she was yeah if you break down
what megan kelly said and i'm not even
going to repeat it because just even
talking about it
is sort of standing on the third rail
but she said something that was taken
out of context to make her look bad and
that's all you need to know it was just
fake news take it out of context news it
wasn't fake it was just taken out of
context which turns a fake nikki Haley
said Venezuela and Cuba are behind the
migrant the immigrant invasion ice I've
heard that so I'm hearing the rumors
that you know there are people behind it
it's like China is behind it and you
know and that as well is behind it and
Cuba is behind it I don't know about
that I'm gonna say that I'm highly
skeptical of that could be I'm not
ruling it out but I'm gonna be highly
skeptical that there are these other
countries that are behind it I'll wait
for the government to say it if and I'm
not sure Nikki gillies speaking
authoritative Leon that or if she's just
or if she just knows that they're
contributing in some small way we don't
know I'll wait for more information on
that so I don't have an opinion yet
all right just looking at your comments
read the conservative treehouse about
what about about the Venezuela thing
pence said Venezuela - that would be
interesting why why would Venezuela try
to do that it feels like a weird play
because correct me if I'm wrong but all
that does is strengthen president Trump
you know have they not noticed that yet
if they not noticed that Trump is
getting stronger the the only thing I
you think of is that the entire idea of
this is to get some violence going they
must want the United States to at least
you know one person with a gun to start
shooting people at the border they must
be looking for violence
otherwise none of this makes sense
somebody so apparently there's they've
been bombs left as Soros is house this
week bombs left at Bill and Hillary
Clinton's house and somebody saying
something here about CNN but I haven't
seen any reports about that how much of
the country do you think realizes it
much the media is a propaganda arm all
of them I think the whole country gets
that now talk about the bombs so
somebody saying CNN got a bomb yeah I
don't know if all these bombs that are
going to people there was an Obama bomb
threat - mmhmm yeah that's gonna
assuming that's all true that's going to
stoke the claims that the right is where
all the violence is coming from so
been said that Venezuela was funding the
organization
how does Venezuela fun to anything how
does Venezuela have a penny I don't know
there's something about the event as
well a story that's not quite connecting
for me so I'm gonna say that even though
our government is pointing at Venezuela
I don't know how important that is
ladies yeah so all kinds of bombs are
being mailed to people well I'll look
into that but I don't know that's just a
looks like a law enforcement issue I'm
not sure I have anything to say about
that
and I will talk to you later