[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
coffee with Scott Adams which is exactly
what this is if you'd like to take this
experience and yes it's an experience up
to levels that nobody can even
understand with their tiny human brains
all you need is a cuper muger a glass a
tanker chalice or Stein a Canen Jugger
flask of vessel of any kind f with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous zip and it's going to
happen right now
go oh my goodness that was
good I feel sorry for anybody drinking
water when it's coffee
time well we got all kinds of
stories I'm going to jump right into
them because I know you're people of
action aren't you you're people of
action um there's a new app called the
dignity app that will add clothes back
on to uh semico women on social
media somebody said it was a
4chan app and to me this this is the
funniest thing if if you could add
to if you can add the clothes back on to
the women
online now uh what I love about this is
how much work somebody put into the
joke you know because I don't really see
people using it you know that I can't
really imagine anybody's going to say
you know I'd like to spend some time
today putting clothes on women online
but the fact that it actually works and
that it's a real thing and that somebody
spent all that time to build it that's
the story the story is about one in
probably one Intrepid artist who just
said you know what I bet I could put
women back on bet I could put clothes
back on these women and then then he
built it I assume it's a
guy all right so I tried to watch a new
series I thought I was going to
recommend it to you today uh on Netflix
it's called
Alexander it's a Alexander the Great
have any of you made the mistake in
trying to watch
that you know what I said to myself I
said to myself great it was a sort of a
documentary
movie and it was going to be about
Alexander the Great and I had a lot of
curiosity about Alexander the Great
because I don't know too much on that
topic and I thought oh this would be
interesting I like my dictators and
stuff and then I thought finally I'm
going to watch a show that that doesn't
have any wokeness in it because it's
about you know ancient times and they
can't really change the ethnicities of
the people because it wouldn't be very
wouldn't be very uh you know accurate
well it took about uh 60 seconds into
the miniseries before it turned into
Brokeback
Mountain Alexander the Great
version I swear to God they turned it
into a gay love
story and and the Alexander the Great is
making out with his boyfriend like 60
seconds into the thing now I
don't have any problem with you know the
gay
part but I also don't like watching
heterosexuals have intimate moments in a
TV show or movie because I get that it's
you know sort of building up who their
character is but that's always the
throwaway
scene okay there are people they're
kissing
I guess that I'm supposed to feel their
love as an important part of the story
but they don't really need to kiss they
don't need to have sex right in front of
me they could just be holding hands they
could just say nice things to each other
I get it I I'll piece it together and
you know I'm not approved I'm I'm about
as far away as you can get from being
approved it's just unnecessary
entertainment CU it's never like turning
you on
right like I don't get turned on
watching a heterosexual couple make out
I just think well you know I wouldn't
mind if that were Me Maybe replacing the
guy just in case you wondered which one
I was going to replace in that scene and
uh I just don't need to see it I feel
like it's a lazy writing I guess that's
what it is you know I'm a professional
writer sort of so when I see lazy
writing I just go ah not another chase
scene not not not somebody tied to a
chair to be tortured not 10 minutes of
watching somebody be sweeter than people
are in in real life and they're always
like sickeningly sweeter than real life
like GH
anyway well here's a Evergreen story I'm
going to keep bringing up because it
keeps helping people but I keep see more
evidence from people online that they've
experimented with quitting wheat
and had tremendous you know weight loss
and inflammation loss and all their pain
went away and they became more flexible
and that was my experience and I've I've
recommended that this is the one thing
well not the one thing but it's one
thing you could really easily
test meaning you could just try going a
month I think a month is a good number a
month without any Wheat but you you
really have to go cold turkey you know
don't just cut down I don't think that
makes a difference I think you just have
to go no wheat but also check the
ingredients on packages you know because
you could easily get yourself a you know
a pizza or something and forget that
that's
wheat so you have to go to zero which is
not terrible you could do it for a month
but just see how you feel my my total
overall uh Health tremendously better
after a month off of weight and I've
stayed off wheed so I had I had a type
of inflammation that was my entire body
all the time so if I exercised it just
hurt just always hurt it just went away
and the only thing I changed was taking
the weed out of my diet so give it a try
a lot of people say it's making a big
difference to them um Tim P had a good
point about Joe Rogan's alleged 250
million dollar Spotify deal that allows
him to be on other platforms like X
apparently
but uh as Tim P points out if somebody
like Spotify is going to double down on
Joe Rogan it kind of proves that that
style of
entertainment has an economic value that
looks like it's lasting so although
people might complain people you know
people on the left might complain that
Joe Rogan is so popular and his guests
say things they think are not true and
provocative but apparently there's a
market for it a big market and so I'd
agree with Tim P that this does suggest
that the powers that be are going to
recognize the alternative voices if you
can call it that um have value and and I
think it's
probably probably the biggest symbol of
a gigantic change in the media landscape
where the uh traditional media just
looks like a joke and the
non-traditional media is becoming the
traditional
media do you know when it was the last
time I looked at a news
site or I just don't do it anymore it's
just not where I get the news pretty
much all the news I want to get filtered
through somebody who knows more than the
people who reported the
news yeah you know what is bad news not
bad news as an unlucky news
but a bad form of news is you go to any
any media site and then you just read
the
story that's not even a left or right
thing that's just the worst thing you
could do just go to any media site and
read the story do you know it's a good
form go to Glenn greenwald's X feed and
see what he says about the story in that
media because he's going to add the
context oh here's the stuff they left
out here's the stuff they're lying to
you about here's the fact that's already
been debunked so if you show me today's
news just from the original site it's
just worthless absolutely worthless but
if you show me that same story and you
let a you know Mike cernovich or Glenn
Greenwald or uh Michael shellenberger
you know Matt taibe I could list 20 more
if you let them filter it first the
people who feel they have something to
add to the story or subtract from it
then you might have something then you
might have something but if you're
seeing it just on the news site you
probably just misleading yourself
because the news is all motivated you
know they'll show you what they want to
show you and leave out what they want to
leave out because they think they have a
certain kind of audience and maybe other
reasons well Elon Musk continues to be
entertaining on his own platform uh he
suggested that uh well he said this in a
post should I make the Texas Institute
of Technology and science real in other
words should he you know just create a
college now the the reason he asked is
because the acronym for Texas Institute
of Technology and science would be
tits so he's willing to create a college
because it would be a funny a naughty
pun now how much money do you have to
have before you're willing to create a
college just for the
pun now I'm sure he'd have other reasons
for doing it but I feel like the pun is
a lot of it yeah I I couldn't love that
more frankly uh and then he said uh it
would of course have advanced social
studies too advanced social studies ass
oh so he would build the Institute of
tits and
ass I could not love this
more I couldn't love it more I I don't
name anything I would like more than
this start with just the basic story the
idea that Elon Musk could get involved
designing a institution of Higher
Learning I'm already on board all right
I'm not just on board I'm like jumping
up and down on board really Elon Musk
might want to solve the biggest problem
in the United States and maybe the world
that our education system you know
morphed into something horrible and
maybe he could fix it because he seems
to be good at fixing stuff I mean that
alone would be amazing but if he names
it something obscene well I couldn't
love it more I could not love it
more well famous rapper and uh actor 50
Cent uh is coming out a little bit Pro
Trump he says uh maybe Trump is the
answer because he's blasting New York
mayor Eric Adams and you know he's not
so happy about the migrant crisis so he
said uh you know
he's just like I don't even understand
all this stuff he
says he can't can't explain this he's
talking about the migrant crisis in New
York can't explain this I'm stuck maybe
Trump is the
answer so there you go now how many how
many black voters do you think will
actually consider Trump I worry that I'm
in a bubble and just because a few
notable people like Snoop Dog recently
said a positive Trump thing um how much
of a bubble am I
in is this a real
thing because I feel like I don't want
to get a ahead of the
reality I feel like there's certainly
some prominent people who have said prot
Trump things that you didn't expect
that's real but I don't know if they
represent much in the public you know I
don't know if this is a 2% chance change
or 5% change or what this is
but I will dovetail this into my story
about U you all know that you know it
wasn't long ago that the great
replacement theory that uh the
immigrants
were being brought into the country to
replace Americans and usually it's white
Americans who think they're the ones
getting replaced so that's the theory
I'm not saying that I buy into that
theory I'll just say it exists but Elon
Musk is uh buying into it hard uh at
least in its current form which is the
open
borders and there does seem to be plenty
of solid evidence that there are people
who are doing this for political
reasons um and I think we can now say oh
yeah that this has at least one of the
reasons I don't know how many reasons
there are but at least one of the
reasons is to change the um the voting
mix so the Democrats win forever and
Elon Musk is saying that out loud um
apparently Arizona is literally trying
to do that right now Arizona is trying
to make it so that uh there's a a push
to make it legal for uh non-citizens in
Arizona to vote only in the presidential
election that's pretty clear isn't it
that they only wanted to vote in the
presidential election that's literally
just about
Trump and you maybe the future but
that's pretty obvious um Ann Coulter
points out that back in the 90s I guess
there was some democrat who was saying
it directly if we open up
immigration um I think during the
Kennedy time there was talk about using
immigration to increase the percentage
of Democrats so Democrats have been
talking about immigration as a way to
gain power since Kennedy and in writing
you know in a way that we can verify
this is an actual conversation now
I had my take on it prior to the Biden
Administration is that although there
was a lot of you know illegal
immigration I didn't really think people
were doing it primarily for that you
know I always thought it was more
economic you know both economic on the
migrants parts but also economic on
America's part because we needed workers
and it was just sort of a sketchy way to
do it to get
them but now I now I fully Buy in at the
current rate and given that the
administration is clearly letting people
in
intentionally you there there's
certainly no more uh mystery about
whether they can't do it oh there's no
way we could stop him because the laws
and I don't have any power even Bill
Maher was mocking on his show Friday
night was mocking the people who don't
understand that Biden could stop the
border Invasion anytime you wanted like
even and and the important part here is
that Bill Maher you know deep in TDS on
a lot of issues has found his way out at
least on the border issue right that
doesn't make him Pro Trump but he
certainly understands that Trump was
right on the border and that's that's
pretty big
so yeah I I think at this point we can
say it's exactly what it looks like it's
a play to tip the uh you maybe tip Texas
which would be the big one maybe Florida
but I love the fact that Texas's
response is to ship them to places that
were already so blue that it made no
difference to any
elections that's pretty clever not just
to ship them to places that you know can
share the pain but to ship them to
places where they're electorally
irrelevant it's pretty smart s mold in
New York and Chicago and
you don't lose anything vote
wise but what I'm wondering is will the
Democrats gain enough voters from
immigration illegal immigration will
they gain enough Democrat voters to make
up for the number of black voters
they're going to lose what do you
think I don't know
cuz I feel like black voters are largely
locked in cuz everybody is you know T it
takes you know just a miracle for
anybody to change who they vote for but
some if I had to guess there might be a
10% movement in the black vote toward
Trump maybe 10% tops so you got 10% of
uh 133% of the country right maybe 1.3%
difference could be enough to change the
vote but then what about the illegals so
we got 10 million
illegals uh let's say you've got 10
million extra we might have 25 million
who knows but if you had 10 million
illegals how many of them are going to
vote I don't know so you got you know
there's not that well let's say it's
about the same number let's say the
illegals and the number of legal you
know black citizens of America are
roughly the
same are they are they about the same I
think it's in the same
neighborhood no it's not the
same
um well immigration isn't 25% of the
country all right so we'll argue a
little bit about the numbers but my
question is does anybody understand the
the push and the pull the net of this
because I'm not 100% convinced the
Democrats net out positive what do you
think I I think that all it would take
is one good narrative to just take 25%
of the black vote and the narrative
would be you just say what they say by
the way this is the best
persuasion the best persuasion is you
don't sit in a room by yourself and say
what can I say that will make a
difference with whatever group you're
trying to persuade that could work but
it very be very difficult to you know
think see into their minds but
when you see uh black people being
interviewed on the media and they're
asked about Trump versus Biden what's
the one thing that they always
say they always say when they're talking
about Trump versus Biden the one thing
they always
say lately well I'll say lately because
it's
changed every time it's I made more
money under Trump every time
how many of the uh black citizens that
you've been you've seen interviewed said
uh they don't like Trump because he's a
racist this year in the past year how
many times have you seen a black Citizen
not a pundit I'm not talking about
somebody who does IT professional
actually
zero the the the dog that's not barking
there is not barking really
loud
isn't that
weird can can you find me a citizen
who's not a professional not a pundit
let's say not an academic you know not
somebody who writes and talks for a
living just an actual Citizen and just
ask them if they think that Trump is a
racist compared to Biden that that would
be the fair question is compared to
Biden I feel like blacks get it now in
the sense that Trump was always
protecting
Americans and they're American that's
the end of the story right the the Trump
point of view is so
simple I'm surprised it's taking this
long to catch on are you American I'm on
your
side and then he proves it by keeping
the non-americans down if he can do it
so that you're not competing with
them I feel like Black
America uh is one narrative away and and
even though I say this jokingly it's
literally true in a sort of indirect way
it's literally true
that the Immigrant situation has
eliminated the possibility of
reparations would you
agree now you might say to yourself well
Scott there's still that one place
that's going to do it anyway that's
probably true
but that conversation is largely tabled
in my opinion because the money we're
spending on the the migrant population
now you could say to yourself but Scott
didn't you tell us that money is
fungible and that's not how it works and
just because you're spending money on
one thing that doesn't mean you couldn't
spend money on the other thing if you
wanted to you know you could always run
up your debt whatever that's true but we
don't treat it that way in the real
world in the real world we treat it like
it's a limit even though it's not so if
I were black and I thought the country
Ed me more be it better
education you know some kind of change
in urban laws or policing or something
if I thought I wanted something and I
saw that 100% of the attention of all
the authorities in the government is to
to the migrant class which is what it
feels like it's not the case but it
feels like that I'd
be I'd be voting Trump so
fast but I can't put myself in the heads
of other people so I guess we'll just
have to find out how that
goes um here's some updates Nikki hilly
was on Saturday Night Live I guess she
played to somebody in the audience who
just asked a question of the person who
is playing a trump person and the thing
that caught me was that her uh her thing
on Saturday Night Live was to mock Trump
of course and then she tweeted you know
that Trump probably doesn't stay up that
late but you know he'll be tweeting
angry things at her when he sees he sees
Saturday Night Live and I thought do you
not know anything about
Trump the one thing we know about him
for sure is he he does stay up
late like that's like saying he doesn't
golf did did you not notice he he kind
of
golfs and he also stays up late so that
was a kind of a weird uh thing to say
about him but here's what I got out of
that Nikki hilly only only exists
because Trump
exists doesn't it feel like that now you
could imagine if there was never a trump
that she may have ra you know risen in
politics anyway because she's
capable but I feel her entire existence
is only based on Trump she's defined by
Trump what a terrible place to
be isn't that a terrible place to be in
life that that you the who you are is
defined by another person you don't even
like you you're not even defined by your
own anything you're just well compareed
to Trump so that's just a weird
situation well Harvard is still stupid
uh they've invited a radical Palestinian
speaker um who has defended the Hamas
Massac so they so Harvard's actually got
a speaker who said something something
along the lines of October 7th was
totally normal and you know you got to
expect people to defend themselves
that's that's why she said and they're
like well that'd be a good speaker
now do I think that she should be
allowed to speak absolutely absolutely
free speech do I think that this is a
good decision by Harvard well it doesn't
seem like it because I'm pretty sure
they wouldn't allow the competing
message to be there if it was there
would be so many protests that you know
it turn into a mess so yeah that's a
little bit of problem a little bit of
problem managing the reputation so
Harvard still looks stupid uh but maybe
not as stupid as my
state there's a story in the San
Francisco Chronicle which uh used to be
a
newspaper I don't know what it is
now but the the San Francisco chronical
was the the last big paper to pick up
Dilbert they just weren't convinced they
just couldn't be convinced yeah they
wanted to hold out anyway so the
chronicle is garbage but anyway they
report that uh Hayward down just down
the street for me says that uh had an
elementary school that was struggling
with their low test scores so in order
to uh to help things they spent $250,000
of federal money for an organization
called and I swear to God this is the
actual name of the
organization woke kindergarten to train
teachers to confront white supremacy
disrupt racism and oppression and remove
these barriers to
learning so that was their response to
the low test scores is to teach the uh
students to be more uh aware of a way
Supremacy now you're probably saying to
yourself wow that probably helped their
test scores huh so let's check in on the
test scores because once they've
addressed and confronted white supremacy
I would expect those test scores to to
start zooming up to the sky and update
is
um
oh yeah the test scores went down well
nobody saw that
coming I mean how how could he even see
that coming
really I mean cuz people are stupid I
thought the antidote to stupidity was
moral
wokeness am I wrong did I have that
wrong the whole time that if your kids
are not performing they're not woke
enough and maybe it's the white
supremacy that they haven't fully
confronted it made so much sense to me
I'm surprised it didn't work because on
paper on paper it looks so right have
you noticed that these good plans on
paper for example take our border
situation
on paper the idea of opening your
borders and rewarding people from all
over the over all over the country that
we can't vet by the by the
multi-millions on paper that seems like
a terrific idea but then you know
sometimes reality gets it away and it's
not really working out in reality but on
paper doesn't that sound good let all
the strangers in from the prisons and
anywhere without checking full of I mean
on paper it sounds great so you can
understand why you get caught by
surprise yeah and weirdly woke
kindergarten didn't make his much
difference as as it does on paper I mean
on paper seems like a good
idea um how about the uh military action
over there well again you tell me is
this not a great
idea so we got this problem with the
hooes and the proxies you know attacking
American um American interests over
overseas I don't know if there are
interests but we have people there and
the Biden Administration draws up this
plan now I think you'd agree with me
that on paper this makes sense that we
don't want to war with Iran so in order
to get them to surrender we will bomb
things that Iran doesn't care about
until Iran
surrenders so that's what we've done so
we're going to bomb Syria and Iraq and
maybe Yemen until Iran just surrenders
now you tell me isn't that a good plan
at least on
paper so why it hasn't worked already
I'm a little bit
puzzled because I'm thinking we've
bombed all these empty buildings in
other countries and Iran is acting like
nothing even
happened like how did even how do you
understand the world anymore it's so
confusing you have such good plans on
paper and then you implement them and I
don't know what's going on I don't know
what's going on that you can Implement
such logical good plans and still get a
bad result I don't know I just don't get
it well Tucker Carlson is a in Russia
apparently people assume it's probably
pretty good
assumption they is there to talk to
Putin but couldn't he also be talking to
Snowden or Tera Reed I think she's there
now um yeah but I'm going to guess
Putin now there's a backstory that tuer
call talks about that uh once before he
got cancelled he was he was considering
interviewing
Putin and he apparently the government
was well aware of it even though he
didn't tell anybody and he he believes
that they were into his encrypted Signal
app now I don't know if that's how they
found out
because they don't have to get into the
signal appp um there's other ways they
can do it they could do it through your
phone they could find out somebody else
who knows something there are other ways
to do it so I don't know if they got to
do a signal app but let me tell you
again if you believe there's such a
thing as encrypted
communication so that you can say things
that you wouldn't say
normally don't put anything in an
encrypted message that's
illegal ever there's no such thing as a
message the government can't get in fact
if you were the CIA the first thing you
do is you take over these little
encrypted apps because that's where all
the good stuff is it's the first thing
you do is You' get control of any
company that was trying to put all the
crooks in one
place right wouldn't you go there
first you would stop at nothing to have
full control of encrypted apps because
that's that's where all the good stuff
is is it now is is
that let me let me explain it to you
in in the narrative that I'm trying to
use
here on paper doesn't that sound like a
good
idea you're going to take this encrypted
app and you'll attract all the people
who have things to say that they don't
want the government to hear and you're
going to organize them so that their
names and user numbers and all their
messages will be in one place really
easy to find but don't worry because
it's
encrypted don't worry government can't
get there because it's
encrypted now you see any problem with
that does anybody see a problem that the
CIA can coopt any management it
wants do you think there's do you think
there's a leader of a company somewhere
in America who can say no to the
CIA
really yeah do you really think anybody
can say no to the CIA no if the CIA
wants you you to
cooperate whether they do it through
legal means or carot and stick or you
know because a CIA can come into a
company and they can say for example you
know I know your whole business model
revolves around these encrypted apps but
we really need to know what the
terrorists are saying so we're going to
need access to that oh no I'll never do
that I'll never that really because you
know there's probably a federal
organization that could shut you down uh
and then they list three organizations
that could just wave some paperwork and
they r a business I'm not saying I do it
but I do have a friend in this or that
organization that would probably want to
look into your business and uh maybe
your tax situation and when it was the
last time you were
audited now now the CEO is scared to
death
but still doesn't want do like they're
going to be brave enough to resist and
the C says and you
know what would really help you is we've
got some legislation that's cooking and
wouldn't you like to see that go away
because that could cost you a lot of
money and uh there might be some
government contracts oh we had the 34
Minute glitch there might be some uh
government contracts that would you know
tremble the size of your company and
make you richer than God but you know
only if the government's sort of on your
side and you're playing along with the
government right so I don't think
there's any such
thing as a American company that the CIA
can't
control do you think that's the thing do
you think there's any such thing as an
American company that can't be
controlled completely by our
intelligence
people I mean it might exist as some
kind of weird exception but in general
there's no way you could resist
them
so on paper doesn't it sound like a good
idea to put all the crooks in one place
in the little encrypted place so you
know exactly where the government's
going to look and the government
absolutely definitely 100% could get
access to anything they want if it's an
American company sounds great on paper
doesn't
it no it's the worst idea in the world
on paper it couldn't possibly work in
the long run it can't possibly work work
you get that right is there anybody
pushing back on that in the short run it
might actually work in the long run the
intelligence agencies have to have
access to it and they'll do whatever it
takes and they have the power to do
whatever it takes until they get it you
know they can keep hammering on it for
years until they get it but there's
nothing they're not going to get if they
need
it you all know that right all
right I love when I see Sam Harris is
trending on X cuz I know it's just going
to be a bunch of people insulting his
intelligence and I I've decided to find
entertainment in it here here's what
you'd never see if Sam Harris is
trending on X oh look I wonder what
that's all about click wow some people
are saying some good things about Sam
Harris well there there's a good take
yeah I can see why he's trending now
he's got a good take on that
topic
not
lately poor guy he's just getting
on by absolutely everybody on X I don't
see anybody supporting him at this point
now that has more to do with the
xplatform um but even Elon Musk Elon
Musk posted today because there's yet
another Sam Harris clip that people are
calling stupid he says uh Ela mus says
Sam Harris's mind has melted into
goo how would you like to wake up in the
morning and find out that the smartest
man in the country and the richest just
just insulted the quality of your brain
on the platform that he
owns I know I just thought it's
funny all
right so um two stories California's got
these hurricane force winds that are
supposed to be
coming uh at my house apparently my
force field is holding cuz I just got a
little sprinkle of rain that we needed
so I don't know where all this flooding
and hurricane rains are going to be but
they say somewhere in the
state um now of course you also know the
story about the uh the migrants who beat
up the cop in New York City and then
allegedly they got in a bus and headed
to my state California yeah and they
went to San Jose where they were
immediately swep Swept Away by a flood
and a
hurricane no that didn't happen
but you wish it did cuz you're you're
bastards you're all
terrible all right um I asked my smart
Democrat friend who I often mention
because he fascinates me because he's
you know smart and he follows the
news but his opinions look like somebody
who's not smart and has never followed
the news yeah it's just the worst case
of CDs you've ever seen in your life so
I use him to test things I checked in
with him
recently because I wondered how in the
world he could not be like 50 Cent and
Snoop Dog at this point right and say
you
know the open borders and all that stuff
you're GNA have to give Trump a second
look right but I thought I thought by
now surely my smart Democrat friend
would say okay
you know Biden did a few good things I
liked I would expect that I would expect
him to say that and then but you know
you know given his age and the open
borders and the wars we're getting into
I got to admit baby Trump got a few
things right as well that's what I was
expecting you know what he
said I'm
paraphrasing but he told me I should
spend more time reading the New York
Times instead of all that fake news uh
that the Republican for feeding
me
yep how's that feel in your
[Laughter]
bubble yeah we're all in a bubble let
let's not pretend that my friend is the
only person in a bubble we're all in a
bubble and I'm definitely in a bubble
and let me let me tell you how bad my
bubble
is I don't know any Democrats in person
no I'm sure I do because you my friend
but I haven't seen him in a long
time right
and I'm trying to I'm trying to think
the last time I had a meaningful
conversation with a
Democrat uh who wasn't actually so
insane that I just backed off right away
because you know you you get the
insanity thing right away you know the
the TDS just goes right the top right
away so you just go oh oh back
down how many have had this
situation where somebody will say blah
blah blah the Insurrection of January 6
and you'll say that was no Insurrection
they didn't bring guns and you know you
you do your thing about how the media is
fake and they won't back down from the
Insurrection thing anybody who believes
the Insurrection hoax or the fine people
hoax cannot be dealt with you can't have
a
conversation all all they will do is
shout at you for how brainwashed you are
they won't even listen to the end of a
sentence it'll
be what what are you reading that uh
listen to that Alex Jones thing again
well he must have got that from Alex
Jones right that's all you
get all right some people are
asking is AI getting
worse is that body have that
experience uh like uh chat GPT where it
seems
like it's less useful than it used to
be so a number of people are saying that
it's anecdotal but uh somebody had an
interesting hypothesis I'll just put
that out there I don't know if this
makes sense technically but it's close
enough to something that does could it
be that the demand for the AI service is
so big that there having a processing
problem could could we be reaching some
kind of computing temporary
limit that's just making AI
Dumber I saw people speculating about
that I feel like it might have some
impact but I would think it would have
more impact on the timing of the answer
than the quality of the answer but it
could be that there's a processing
problem that's making it Dumber I don't
know that I but I'll tell you my own
experience um I keep telling myself I'm
G to jump into Ai and force myself to
learn it and use it because you know for
sure I'm going to be using it in the
future I I just want to get a head start
on it you know make sure I'm using all
the tools in the best way I can't find
anything
useful like I keep thinking oh I'm going
to find a
thing that you know works for what I do
and then I'll just keep using the thing
because it'll be so useful I can't not
use it you know like like a smartphone I
have not found that yet I've done quite
a few
things but I can't use it to look for
information right well actually I think
I'll just read you my Sunday comic today
if you're not a subscriber you haven't
seen
it but uh I handled this in a dillberg
comic that you can see on if you
subscribe on the
xplatform or if you uh are on local so
you can see
it so I'm just going to read it to you
it's morak the preventor of Information
Services and he's he comes into the room
to talk to to
Dilbert and morak
says I've been asked to ensure we have
proper safeguards on the AI you were
creating so here I'm imagining that
Dilbert is creating an AI for his
company all right so you want some
safeguards and dver says such as and Bak
says well you don't want any sexual
content or fake news and dilbur says
right and BC says and you don't want AI
to be a bigot and dilbur says
obviously and morex says you don't want
AI to have
opinions and it has to stay away from
Facts too because it hallucinates and
dilbur says good point morc says you
also don't want it to get into politics
religion Socialism or
capitalism and then dilber says what's
left just the weather and math and morak
says weather and math are racist
Concepts and dilber says I
quit now how far is that from reality
it's pretty close to reality isn't it
you can't use it for fiction because
then you're a plagiarist you can't use
it for facts because it hallucinates you
can't use it for opinions because
opinions are too provoc ative so if you
can't use it for fiction facts or
opinions what's
left the
weather which you don't need it for or
math the you don't need it
for I guess it's good for writing
code yeah and good for translating also
excellent for translating I I think that
I love the fact that we've actually uh
invented a universal
translator very Star Trek in one of the
things you'll be able to do with your uh
someday when you have your uh Apple
Vision Pro AR glasses you'll be able to
uh watch somebody talk a different
language and it will immediately show up
as a transcript floating in front of you
how amazing is that you could actually
go to a foreign country and well you
couldn't talk but you could understand
what they were saying
but suppose you were hearing
impaired you could
also talk to somebody and have it appear
and then being hearing impaired just
disappears it just stops being a thing
yeah the the technology for the hearing
impaired is just so exciting if you know
anybody who's got hearing issues it's an
exciting time to be alive very
life-changing
so I do think AI is going to have all
these uh Niche uh things that change
people's lives that's a good example of
one so the coders and the people with
hearing problems and a lot more are
going to be real happy but for the
average person who's doing average stuff
is so far A little too difficult and
clunky to use but it'll get there we
might only be a few months away from all
of the interfaces being fine and you
know the the tools being really good
all right um here's an update on
Ukraine so Mike cerovich had an opinion
he posted today he said that my sense of
Ukraine is the American people didn't
fall for the hoaxes the regime and is at
a level of power now that they don't
need to hoax the public into conflict as
with the Iraq Wars they stole the money
and said be glad you're not in prison
like the J
Sixers does that sound like a Fair
summary of our current situation that
the regime the the government is now so
powerful that they can just do what they
want right in front of you and they
don't have to give you a narrative and
make you believe
it I think that's only partially true
it's true is here's what I
think I I don't think it's about the uh
not needing to brainwash I think that
they successfully brainwashed 2third of
the country so the onethird that was is
not
brainwashed doesn't have any power
because they're you know they don't
control the government so I don't think
it's that they do or do don't need to
brainwash I think they have brainwashed
again it's just that they don't need to
brainwash everybody anymore they only
need to brainwash twoth thirds and then
the other third they will just call
White
supremacists and just say that we're
hoaxed we're hoaxing each other that's
all they need
all right
um Thomas Massie is opposed to the house
bill that would give $14 billion to
Israel and his reasoning is this Israel
has a lower debt to GDP ratio than the
United
States and we're
done I don't need to hear anything
else Whoever has the lowest debt ratio
should be the one
paying
period if you're not taking on his as
much debt as we are in this country why
are we giving you
money I I get that we're on the same
side but they in theory their ability to
generate money is the same as
ours because they can borrow more money
until their debt ratio is
higher that's what we did why can't they
do what we did to create money they're
in better shape to do it than we are now
but here's the mindblower of this whole
thing do you want to have your had just
go just completely explode how long have
we been talking about the funding of
Israel for the homas
situation it's been since October 7th
basically talking talking talking
politicians pundits experts military
experts a lot of people talking how many
of you are hearing for the first time
that Israel has a better debt to GDP
ratio than the United United States how
many are hearing that fact for the first
time right
now
yeah so you're hearing for the first
time the only fact that was relevant to
the
question there wasn't any other relevant
question and who did it come from you
know Thomas
Massie why was it Thomas Massie who had
to tell you
this well apparently there's there's a
trend that's uh being created that the
only honest person in Congress is Thomas
Massie once again he found the only
thing that mattered and he's the only
person who told you in the
government what is
wrong is everything
broken like is just everything broken
because the media should have been
telling you that every time the
conversation came came
up every single time the funding came up
somebody should have said and you know
the situation is that they have a better
you know debt to GDP ratio than we do
how does that not become the first thing
you say on this
topic well some of it is that people
don't understand
economics and even when I say debt to
GDP there'll be a number of you who are
saying H I'm not sure what that means
means what it means is that uh Israel
could borrow money easier more easily
than the United States they have better
credit essentially now there's more to
it than the ratio you know it would be
the you know their their long-term
prospects the risk involved you know
there's other things
but I just think we should be hard now
to giving money to have anybody who has
a better debt to GDP
ratio that they should be giving us
money
literally anyway so I remind you that
I'm uh fully supportive of Israel doing
what it needs to do um I just don't
think they need to do it with our money
that's a separate question and by the
way this is a good uh little general
lesson in the world of
financing and this is hard to understand
the first time you hear it you should
separate the question of whether you do
something or not from the question of
how to pay for it and that's completely
counterintuitive isn't it it's
counterintuitive because you say but
wait the ability to pay for it that's
like Central to the question of whether
you do it the the most basic question is
can you pay for it and how otherwise
it's not even in the mix nope nope do it
the other way now in business the reason
you do that is that that first you have
to decide what a good idea looks like
and then secondly if it's a good idea
you can always get it
funded in the business world you know
the established business world this is
different from a startup but in the
established business world you can
almost always get money for a good idea
you can borrow it you could you know
issue some more stock you could take it
from another part of the company that
didn't need it as much but in the real
world of a big company and again just
limiting this to big companies you can
always find the money one way or another
if it's a good idea there is not a good
idea then you don't need money either
way so first you say is it a good idea
and then separately you figure out can
you pay for it um
so the but with the Israel funding we
haven't done that we should have said is
it a good idea for Israel to do what
it's doing and for us to like it and
support
it let's say you let's say you decided
yes separately then you say well how
would they fund
that but I think we we put it together
it's like do we support Israel well then
we give them money right support is
money got to support them with their
money we we've conflated two things that
should properly be not just in the same
conversation but you should force them
apart they should be forced
apart and then you have it's more it's a
cleaner way to an to analyze something
just treat the financing as a separate
question and that is what Thomas Massie
is doing and Thomas Massie again proves
that he's just about the only useful
person in Congress who's telling you the
truth and and looking at the important
stuff you know in the in the same way
that I tell you that when I see that uh
there that bill Mah is trending do you
know what I think I think oh Bill Mah is
trending on a because he said something
that's common sense that will be
shocking to
Democrats sure enough Sam Harris is
trending as I said and I I know it's
going to be about people calling him
stupid for some TDS opinion sure enough
right but then you see Thomas Massie
trending is almost always because he's
the only person who told you the truth
and he's the only person who figured out
what was important
the the trend is really solid like the
Massie is never trending because he was
stupid ever that's always the better
idea and people like huh hadn't thought
of it that way that's actually
smart so I guess there's uh been over 30
attacks on the htis in
Yemen does anybody have the same
curiosity that I
have how many hoodies are there
how hard is it to destroy all of
hoodville I mean seriously you look at a
picture of it there's not even a tree
that they can hide behind there's not
even bushes there basically just a big
forest with a bunch of hoodies on trucks
with missiles and
 how long does it take to kill them
all I'm I'm not saying we should I'm
just
saying are there millions
hundreds tens of thousands who are armed
and have missiles I feel like finding
the missiles shouldn't be that hard you
know assuming we have surveillance on
it's not like they have a lot of cloudy
days we should be able to see what's
happening over there pretty easily I
feel like what we need is a swarm
approach where we just identify all the
targets with satellites or whatever and
then we just
send 20,000 drones over and they all
blow up one different thing
we'll get
there but at the moment our idea of
sending 36 missiles into Yemen seems
like it wouldn't make no difference
whatsoever and they're yeah and they're
still uh and they're still attacking so
didn't make any difference so there you
are the hoodies are still blowing
ships there's a lot more hoodies than
you would guess how many are there I'd
ask uh AI but it would lie to
me there are millions but how many of
them
are uh
military estimated
200,000
200,000
Fighters or 200,000
population I just don't know if there is
that a is Yemen highly populated
or is it sparsely populated I don't even
know
that anything that moves we've got
persistent surveillance all right 40
million hoodies and 200,000 uh Fighters
well that sounds like a problem wouldn't
it make more sense just to uh stop
telling Saudi Arabia to leave them
alone didn't we tell Saudi Arabia to
calm down and
stop fighting the
hoodies yeah wouldn't it be better for
America to say you know you guys have a
lot of money and you got a lot of
weapons we sold to
you would it be good if
you
um yeah wouldn't that be good anyway
apparently the Saudis can't stop it
either yeah and Darius Rucker was
arrested for marijuana in Tennessee
really you can get arrested for
marijuana in Tennessee you know
Tennessee and Texas are just so close to
being
acceptable but you're G to have to fix
that marijuana
stuff otherwise I just can't visit I'm
sorry all
right Obama helped Saudi attack Yemen as
an apology for the Rand deal that's what
you think
maybe all right ladies and gentlemen I
believe I've done everything I need to
do on this fine Sunday I don't know what
you're doing if you're not watching
football but I'm sure you'll find
something to do if you're in California
make sure you stay out of the floods and
the hurricane winds they tell us are
coming the Pineapple Express
and I will talk to you tomorrow on the
xplatform and Rumble and YouTube thanks
for
joining all right Super Bowls next week
huh Wall Street Journal called Dearborn
the Jihad capital of
America
wow that's why I said no football today
why did they have a functioning
electrical Grid in
Yemen isn't that the first thing we
should take
out I think we should take out the SE
the cell towers in Yemen just take out
all their
phones because somebody's calling the
rebels and telling them to fire or not
fire just take their phones just take
out their wholesale
Network I know their military would
still have satellite phones but oh they
use
satellite can't we target them from
their satellite
phones how would we communicate well you
just take out their cell
phones I know I better not make any
military strategies not exactly my
domain
the show is still on on Rumble
really
oh oh that's interesting I'm clicking
end stream and it's not
ending so am I live on
YouTube are there are you watching me
now I'm getting an error message trying
to end the
show so I'm live all right let's see if
it's live on X as
well see if I can see
myself I had a little bug here
and oh I'll be damned there I
am still live 244 people watching me
even though I thought I was alone
talking to locals
people huh well now you know what you're
usually
missing we always go a little longer all
right so there's an end stream button
that I'm clicking that's not working so
I'm going to have to just you know exit
of the program uh that will
work or will it yes it will bye for
now
that