good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams I don't
think there's ever been a better time in
your experience but if you'd like to
take it up to levels that could only be
described as Taylor Swift at the Super
Bowl I'm sorry we're not done with her
yet but if you'd like to take it up to
that level all you need is a cuper muger
a glass of tankered shell Stein a
canteen Jugger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine h of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous SI
and it happens now
go
perfect
perfect well there more planes falling
apart in the sky uh there's a small
plane approaching uh Buffalo Niagara
International and the back door just
fell
off now I should tell you just in case
you you're wondering who makes all these
airplanes well um I've decided that
Dilbert's company is going to be in the
business of making screws for
airplanes that keep coming unscrewed in
the air and I'm going to be spending a
lot of time today trying to draw a
picture of a pilot of an
aircraft where suddenly the entire
aircraft has fallen apart in the sky so
I'm trying to figure out how to draw
this without too much detail because I
want I want the pilot to still be
sitting in his Pilot seat but all the
other parts of the airplane just sort of
just you know are like
separating so you can see that the nose
cone is a little bit up here and you
know the the co-pilot back a little
bit
anyway you'd have to be subscribing to
Dilbert to see that either on X or at
Scot adams. locals.com
um NBC news reports and I swear I'm not
making this up these are the actual
words I am quoting from an NBC News Post
on the
xplatform I'd like to read it exactly as
written NBC News a Connecticut Pastor
has been arrested on allegations that he
sold crystal meth and if his Church's
rectory
seriously well I have this uh advice for
you uh the best place to keep your
crystal
meth is in your rectory especially if
you get pulled over by the
police uh we'd like to check your
rectory I don't think you want to all
right well I have nothing to say about
that except it's kind of funny that he
kept his meth in his rectory I don't
know am I the only one who sees it I'm
not the only one right did NBC do this
intentionally do you think they knew
exactly what they were doing I I feel
like they did they put that meth right
up your rectory all
right uh Wall Street Journal says China
is emerging as the big ocean power so
apparently they've got gigantic ship
building capabil ities so they're going
to fill the ocean with
ships you know it's funny I was just
thinking about this the other day that
doesn't it seem like we're not talking
enough about how China is going to own
the entire ocean because all it takes is
the number of ships right if if you just
make it a sort of a fact on the ground
but in the water in this case that you
just have more stuff there you end up
kind of owning it so I would say say
this is a pretty big risk who who's
going to own the
ocean especially since I do believe
there will be a number of countries that
are
formed um to be away from regular
countries I I think that's going to be a
big thing there's already talk of a uh
AI Computing platform that'll be built
in the ocean so that it's not uh
censored by
governments so that's not too dangerous
no we're going to have uh we're going at
least one AI maybe I mean it's not done
deal but one AI might be floating in the
ocean and totally
unsensored I think it will probably get
bombed by the United States we'll have
to take it out because we don't want any
AIS that are uncensored that's for
sure all
right but did you know that India has
overtaken China as the most populated
country did that sneak up on you like it
snuck up on me
so it turns out India is the most
populated
country so I'm glad that India is our
friend all right let's talk about
inflation do you believe any numbers
about
inflation is there anything the
government could tell you about
inflation that you would believe is
accurate or
useful I don't think so I don't think so
um but here's what happened experts were
thinking would be uh maybe as low as
2.9 but it came in at 3.1 so it's hotter
than they hoped but it's down from what
it was at 3.4 or is it it depends what
you're measuring and when you start
measuring so New York Times reports as
inflation is cooling less than
expected um which is another way to say
there's too much
inflation um another way to look at it
would be over overall prices are up
almost 18% since Biden took
office um but here's the thing you can
definitely count on the American public
not being able to understand math or
data or really anything complicated so
the Democrats can simply say inflation
is under control and it's doing fine uh
even while you go into the store and buy
things and it's obviously it's obviously
more expensive like obviously like a lot
um have you tried to ship anything
lately I I I just bought some uh you
know some construction supplies that are
not terribly heavy you know it's not
like wood it's not wood it's not metal
it's just some stuff and the shipping is
$2,000 the shipping
$2,000 for sort of an ordinary product
all what it is is these
faux these faux brick and faux wood
things that you put on a wall so it
looks like it's wood or it looks like
it's brick but they're not real brick
you know the the actual thing that looks
like brick is you know sort of a
plasticky looking thing yeah veneer
$2,000 just to ship
it I I don't know if you've tried to
ship anything it's like $100 to ship a
small package overnight
$100 the last time I checked it was like
$30 I mean I don't it's crazy yeah
mostly fuel
probably so here's what I would tell you
about uh inflation the way we measure it
is everything and the way we talk about
it is everything nobody really
understands this you I think people
understand that they're paying more but
beyond that we don't really know how to
sort out the data well rasmuson had a
poll said 81% of Voters say the issue of
of crime will be important in this
year's
election um and 48% expect to be very
important and I realize that there's
something different about the Biden
voters and the Trump
voters Trump voters just tell me if you
think this is true as a kind of a
summary of the whole situation it seems
to me that Trump voters think our top
priorities are crime border security the
economy and unnecessary foreign spending
does that sound
fair those being the biggest priorities
whereas the uh Biden voters uh are
people who still think the news is
real and it turns out that's not a joke
there's a Gallup poll that shows
Republicans understand the news is not
real and don't trust it and Republicans
actually think it's real you know not
all of them but but on average there's a
huge difference huge difference whether
you believe the news is real or not and
I feel like that's the entire story and
if we don't frame it that way we're just
being
silly because it seems to me that we
don't have disagreements about policy as
much as we think we have disagreements
about reality and the main disagreement
is that part of the country thinks the
news is real and is trying to tell you
real
news that hasn't been the case in a long
time and I don't know if it's ever been
the case there was a time when I thought
it was real you know back in the Walter
konai days I thought that was real news
by today's perspective that seems
funny Would you
agree is it obvious to you that the news
was never real it's just as more we
figured it out it took
while yeah of course it's never been
real um let me give you some
examples uh you might know of somebody
named Peter Zan who's a geopolitical
analyst likes to talk about it on videos
and such he's got a new one in which he
uh speaks of Tucker Carlson and his
interview with Putin he calls him an
American journalist but he puts
journalists in
quotes really Tucker charlon of of all
the journalists out there he's the one
you'd pick out to put in quotes as I
don't know if he's a journalist he might
be a quote
journalist
really let's let's see how the others
are doing should we do a brief review of
how the the real journalists are doing
you know the ones you can count
on oh let's see Chris Hayes at
MSNBC uh posts this he says two of the
most Untold Stories of the Biden
Administration both of which we've told
before you yell at me in other words
MSNBC has told him are number one under
Biden us oil production is higher than
any country ever in
history number two under Trump violent
crimes spiked and under Biden violent
crime is
falling so that would be an example of a
real journalist right there not one
these fake Tucker Carlson kind of
journalists it's somebody who will tell
you two real facts oil Productions
higher than any country ever before
under Biden and that violent crime
spiked under Trump and now it's
down is there I
wonder is there any kind of huge Global
external event that would have any
bearing on these numbers let's say I
don't know how about the
pandemic just to pick one example so
would the pandemic have had any impact
on oil production and is the
comparison what Biden did to what Trump
did is that the correct comparison
because I feel like almost everything
gets bigger or more as you go forward in
time shouldn't the actual comparison be
not what Biden is doing now in oil
production ction compared to what Trump
did shouldn't it be what Trump would
have done if he had been in office
versus what Biden did and how would you
compare
those you can't because because Trump
wasn't in office so how do you know that
this is
anything it's not anything unless you're
comparing it you know the right
comparison so no you cannot make a
comparison of what somebody's doing
today
with what somebody did four years ago
when the situation was totally different
and maybe the pandemic had something to
do with how much oil got pumped because
we were needing less of it I would think
and plus it takes a while to ramp up
production so it wouldn't surprise me uh
given that gas prices were
high wouldn't you expect a lot more
drilling so what about uh that violent
crime Spike I thought all the experts
agreed
that the violent crime Spike was related
to the pandemic didn't everybody know
that and then when the pandemic ended
didn't we all expect that it would go
down which it did now what went went up
is property
crime and that's based on an actual
change in
policy so the the change that
Biden um is lucky enough to be under is
one that just happened because the
pandemic
ended but the crime that's still higher
is because of actual Democrat policies
of letting criminals out of
jail now how many of msnbc's uh viewers
would have known that this is an absurd
to
comparisons and that the pandemic
basically explains both of them plus the
passage of
time not many would know that but Chris
Hayes is what I call a real journalist
not one of these Tucker Carlson go to
Moscow and talk to the most important
person in the world because nobody else
talk to him and guess some scoops and
nobody had
jist with
quotes all right um let's talk about
believing the
news so here's some things we know um
back when I was a kid I remember in my
parents' day they were told that
cigarettes were good for them was
healthy but you know thank God we're not
idiots like that now so we know that's
not true and then when I was younger
they we were told that uh occasional
drinking was actually good for you but
now it turns out that was never true so
thank God we're not dumb like we used to
be thinking drinking is good for you if
you only do a little bit of it
right um then when I was a kid there's a
food pyramid that told us to eat the
wrong Foods uh turns out the food
industry was behind it and none of it
was
but thank God we don't do that
anymore I mean look how smart we are we
we now now we know tobacco is bad we
know drinking is bad for you and we know
the Fe food pyramid was a hoax it was
fake but we're smarter now like when you
look back at how dumb we were oh my
goodness we were so simple-minded back
then when I was a kid but we've gotten
so much smarter now we would never fall
for that sort of a thing we're we're
much more sophisticated
yeah um and then there was the pandemic
in which uh nearly 100% of everything we
were told by scientists and experts
turned out to be wrong or direct
lies but you know that pandemic was a
while ago that was a few years
ago and it was a fog of War you know so
like you can't really imagine that
anything like that is still happening
today I mean not really um and we've
seen that 100% of our institutions are
clearly
corrupt um but not science not science
it's everything else so we've gotten so
much better because we used to be so
gullible we're believe in cigarettes are
good and drinking's good and the food
pyramid's real and the pandemic stuff
was real and all our institutions we
thought maybe weren't that corrupt but
it turns out we were wrong about all
that stuff but thank goodness thank
goodness we're right about climate
change am I right because you'd hate to
get that one wrong given you know the
stakes
involved
so here's what I would recommend I'd
love to see uh somebody as a dirty trick
a republican dirty trick put together a
climate loyalty
pledge and asked Democrats to sign it
now here would be what makes it funny it
would be asking them to sign what they
actually do believe I would just word it
in the funniest way so it wouldn't be
anything fake it would be things they
really genuinely believe and I would
just ask them to say it for example the
Loyalty pledge might say I believe that
science is so accurate that it can
measure the temperature of the planet
within a tenth of a degree including
historically
I just like to see people put their name
to that and then also that they believe
that science can predict the temperature
in for 75 years in the future including
the effect of all technological changes
new
discoveries
Etc I'd love to see somebody sign that
because that's what they believe so why
wouldn't you put it in
writing why not so
let me say as clearly as I I could
possibly say this I don't know if humans
are causing the world to overheat and
it's a problem I don't know but I do
know this science doesn't know
either that that's the only thing I'm
positive about now let let me put it let
me put it in this uh
frame if you've lived in the real world
where you've seen how real organizations
work you you've seen how real
professionals operate you've seen how
real scientists work you see how a
corporation does things that maybe the
public doesn't see everything that's
happening behind the scenes so you've
lived in a real
world and you would believe the
scientists can measure the average
temperature of the planet to within the
tenth of the
degree that's not really a realistic
thing to think
and and try to put yourself uh 40 years
in the future just fast forward your
mind and then think back and think how
you're going to feel if you're still
around that you once believed the
scientists could measure the temperature
of the earth within a tenth of a degree
and then predict it for the next 75
years how are you going to feel about
that aren't you going to think oh God
that was so obvious why didn't I see
that they couldn't possibly do that but
again let me say I don't know if the
planet is warming I just know that
nobody else knows that's the only thing
I'm sure of yeah it's the only thing I'm
sure of and by the way we should do
largely a lot of the same things we're
doing whether it's warming or not we
still want alternate clean energy
sources we still want tons of nuclear
power we still want Fusion we still want
electric if it works
so I wouldn't do much different but I
changed the
story tker Carlson's making news by
saying that Moscow is cleaner and safer
than any major city in the
US and you know that's probably true but
how much do you want to
live in their entire
system and I asked that as an actual
question that sounded rhetorical that's
an actual question like what's it like
to be an average
Russian and why don't I know that is the
average Russian saying oh my political
system is so
bad or are they saying you know what the
things that I can't do I don't care
about I can't criticize the government
but I didn't have much to say
anyway Moscow looks pretty
clean taxes look pretty good
so and it looks like even Putin has you
know supporter for the war he appears to
be one of the most popular
leaders anywhere
so I would I would say I don't want to
move to a place that has uh less freedom
than the United States but the freedom
in the United States has shrunk to the
point where it can't be that different
from
Russia in the United States you can go
to jail for saying things that are true
you can you can go to jail for free
speech
so is that that different I do also
wonder about organized crime you know
isn't Moscow riddled with you know
criminals like the organized crime
kind
yeah anyway we'll talk more about uh
Russia um it looks like Trump has a new
nickname he's testing out for Nikki
Haley tricky
Dicky so here are some things that Nikki
uh posted see if you can tell how many
of these are obvious hoaxes that every
Republican knows is a hoax but why
doesn't Nikki Hy know it here's what she
said in Arlington Cemetary she was
talking about Trump she says in
Arlington Cemetary you said what was in
it for them do you believe that really
happened
no you insulted military families two
days
ago
no that didn't happen you call Veterans
suckers and
losers no nobody believe nobody who's a
republican believes any of that happen
th those are all those Anonymous one
person says stories those are never true
stories like this are never true you if
it just has this character to it it's
not true oh somebody said he said
something behind closed doors yeah how
about
uh and then she says you can't fix that
with a fake social media post what so
here's what Trump says back to her after
all these hoaxes he says a bird brain
has become a crazy lunatic totally
unhinged and She's suffering from a
terminal disease Trump derangement
syndrome well I don't think she has
Trump derangement syndrome because I
don't think she believes any of those
stories are true do you do you think she
thinks any of those stories are true but
you know who thinks those stories are
true
the never trumpers maybe if they even
believe it and Democrats because they
don't have real
news so the Democrats are listening you
know to people like uh Chris Hayes and I
guess Nikki hilly now and uh poor
bastards they just don't have real news
Well speaking of trump he's get he's
rumored to be maybe attending the uh
funny Willis Hearing in which you'll be
uh there's some allegations of
misconduct with her boyfriend hiring him
when he wasn't qualified to prosecute
Trump and maybe taking some trips and
having him pay her back for her hiring
him you know that those are the
allegations
anyway and apparently there's some
allegations that um she may have lied
about the date when the affair started
which would be trouble because it'd be
lying under oath and um
here I'm going to reiterate my
suggestion I feel like you could find at
least this much criminal activity by
every Soros funded
prosecutor not not the same it'd be you
know different stuff but I feel as
if if you just looked into deeply the
activities of any public official
whatsoever you'd find all kinds of stuff
like even the ones you like there'd be
something there you know that you didn't
like um
and I feel like I don't know why there
is not some billionaire who just says
look go research every one of these
Soros prosecutors anybody who's funded
by Soros and just find every possible
bad thing they've ever done and just
lawfare them out of
business because they are being hired to
lawfare Republicans into jail it would
be perfectly fair to lawfare them either
into jail or out of the job and I'd be
really disappointed if there's no
billionaire is willing to fund that
because that's sort of a I know maybe a
$10 million expense that would be
necessary to save the entire country it
feels like that would be worth the
expense if I were a billionaire I'd fund
it um there's a story that the Daily
Caller says there's a big decline in
recruits for the military but it's
almost entirely of white men
um so white people don't want to join
the
military uh but there is uh there is an
increase in not enough to compensate but
Black and Hispanic recruits are uh
more or joining the military but not
enough to make up for the the
shortfall now does that surprise you let
let me let me state it
directly when I was a
kid I thought the was for everybody and
certainly there was discrimination which
I opposed so you know we're I think we
get better and better and removing the
historic kinds of discrimination but we
ended up just replacing it with
anti-white
stuff I don't support a military that's
anti-white I don't support them and I
definitely would not recommend any white
person join that
military at
all now if if you were Black Or Hispanic
I would defin fight for this country
because it's doing a damn good job for
you at the moment it's doing a really
good job for you I would fight for that
country if I were you but no as a white
person the the military has not has not
uh let's
say uh what would you say presented
itself engage no it
hasn't it hasn't presented itself as
something I could
support because it appears to be opposed
to me right the the the very the minimum
requirement for fighting is that you're
fighting for the people who are on your
side it's very clear that my government
has uh policies not just opinions but
policies that are anti me I'm not going
to fight for that yeah if you if you at
least get rid of Dei and ESG I'd say oh
there's a country there's a country I'm
going to support and I would certainly
fight to end any discrimination that you
know was a legacy type discrimination
anywhere absolutely I'm on board with
that but at the moment no I don't think
white people should support the country
uh militarily I don't think that I don't
think that sacrifice is
warranted because you're not fighting
for your team you'd be fighting for
somebody else's team
basically all right um The Daily Show is
back with John Stewart and I watched a
clip of it wondering if he had lost his
magic and whether it would be a sad
pro-democrat thing and it was actually
good and he actually went directly at
Biden's age in a hilarious way better
than anything I've seen you actually as
good or better than any um Republican as
now he also went after Trump for you
know all the trumpy stuff but I thought
it was actually pretty balanced so I was
all prepared to say oh here's another
one of those things I hear you say don't
trust him don't trust him
well somebody said this to me the other
day online they were mocking me for
trusting
something now that's really bad mind
reading do you know who I
trust um my
family and that's about
it that's about it I don't trust anybody
in politics are you kidding me in
politics or business I don't trust
anybody in business or anybody in
politics I don't trust any
strangers yeah um yeah and some
somebody's giving me a specific name I'm
I'm not going to say who it is but if
you think that because I retweet
somebody or tell you you should look at
their work on the internet do you think
that means that I believe that
everything they say is true and there's
no tricks involved and never could be I
would never think that never no I don't
trust anybody except family
members right um everybody
else has got to prove
it now well I'm seeing some other names
go by people are challenge me challenge
me do you trust this one or don't trust
this one I will say
there are people who by their
actions uh are so compatible with my
interests that I would trust them to
pursue their own best interest but it
happens to be exactly mine like there's
no difference so some of the names that
just went by you're saying well do you
trust this one because there are people
that I've said good things about and I'm
friends with I could definitely be
easily be friends with somebody who has
the same interests I have and expresses
it that way but that doesn't mean would
trust them in every situation
unmentioned and every every context you
know that's just not something that you
should do you shouldn't do it at
all you should always assume that
something you don't expect could happen
it's just
normal yeah you you can List names all
day and I'm going to say the same thing
if their interests align with me and
they've shown a pattern of it I'm
probably going to be pretty happy about
it doesn't mean they can't change their
mind or be secret agents of the kemin
that I don't know about that's possible
so you should start with skepticism
that's just uh
basic um so here's what uh John Stewart
said in The Daily Show that I thought
was brilliant I don't I can't do his
joke but I'll just like point to
it he showed the clips of all the
Democrats who were saying that uh Biden
is sharp and in control and he's he's
like leader and you if you're sitting in
a meeting with this guy he's showing all
that leadership and he's so
sharp and then John Stewart looks at the
camera and he
says why don't you show us those
videos why why why is it only people
talking about him being sharp and
leaderly why are all the videos that we
do have of him not being sharp and not
being leaderly but if if he's always
sharp and leaderly behind closed doors
wouldn't it be really effective if you
could maybe get a video of that and just
show us just maybe show us that
sharpness now that's good right can you
complain about that does it does that
sound like you know like a Democrat he's
just all a Democrat being a Dem it
doesn't I I actually think he's going to
attempt to play this right down the
middle I think he's going to try whether
he accomplishes that we don't know
but I it honestly looks like he's going
to attempt a down the-middle play which
would be fantastic it would just be
fantastic so I'm going to root for
him
um did you notice that Biden is walking
more and more like 3
CPO am I the only one do you know how 3
CPO from Star Wars
walks I am going to give you my
impression of three CPO
but I want you to look at it and you
tell me if it doesn't look exactly like
the recent Biden videos all right three
CPO coming up here he
goes three
CPO
three
close that's pretty
close you know ever since Gallagher died
I'm sort of the king of physical humor
now but uh yeah that's nothing to be
worried about um however I do think is
part of a larger
plan see I think the plan is to replace
uh to if if they can just keep Biden
alive long enough we're right at the
point where you could deep fake
him completely replace him with a deep
fake and then very soon an actual
robot but if you've watched any actual
robots you know even the good ones they
all sort of walk like three CPO so
here's here's my conspiracy
theory I think this is not the way Biden
walks
naturally I don't think so
I think he walks like everybody
else I think it's a long-term plan to
act more and more like a robot so when
they replace him with a robot in
November it looks just like
him let me let me just give you an
example okay so I'm going to give you
another physical example imagine if if
if Biden walked like
this
you know and then you replace him with a
robot and suddenly it's
like everybody would know that but if
every day he acts a little bit more like
a robot he can't answer any hard
questions and he doesn't walk regular
it's going to look like this he's going
to go from
this to
this and you're going to go it's a
little different but not much different
I I think that's the real Biden
yeah
so what I think is really missing from
the new
cycle is a really good conspiracy
theory so I want to somehow merge this
with something with
UFOs you know maybe it's all part of the
UF o human replacement with robots
something I you know I'm going to work
on a better one but I I do think they're
they're making him walk like that to
Primus for the robot
replacement well I have a
theory let's see if you have the same
Theory there are two videos that Biden's
been in recently they're packaged you
know produced videos not live one of
them was during the Super Bowl where he
complained about the snacks are too too
small and there's shink
flation now just think about that story
that really happened in the real
world in the real world where we've got
Wars and every kind of problem the
president of the United States said no
to doing an interview but yes to
complaining about his snacks being too
small uh then to today we see a video in
which he uh shows that he can have a
conversation with black people so he's
with a black family looks like a father
and two uh
teens and President Biden is eating
fried chicken with the black people and
talking about
basketball he's eating fried chicken and
talking about
basketball now I'm not making that
up now think about that story and think
about the snacks are too
small what do they have in
common what do those two things have in
common I'm going to tell you what they
have in common and once you see it once
you see it you'll never be able to see
it another way what they have in common
is they look like they were his
ideas and it looks like the the advisers
are not trying to protect him anymore it
looks like the advisers are going to let
him go with his
[Laughter]
gut what what would be the best way to
get rid of Biden if you were his if you
were on his staff and you knew you had
to get rid of them because you just
can't win with them but you can't tell
them to leave you can't go public how
would you get rid of him if you knew you
had to but you can't do it in any like
nor Al way here's what I would
do uh I've got this great idea uh
instead of doing an interview for the
Super Bowl which everybody would do that
would show how capable I am and normal
I'm going to do something about uh
snacks are too small that will make me
look like a ridiculous idiot uh and not
serious and certainly not up to the job
what do you think
staff I think that's the best idea
you've had all year
yeah let's put that together right
away yeah do you have any other good
ideas yes I do I've got an idea how
about how about I see show that I can
have a conversation with a black
family and uh we'll we'll eat some fried
chicken and talk about
basketball that sounds like a great idea
we'll put that together right away so
here's what I'd like you to look
for those are two stories I a lot in
common which is there's no professional
political person who would have allowed
these things to
happen no professional political person
would allow these things to happen
unless they had decided he's not their
guy unless they already knew who the
replacement would be unless they didn't
even care who the replacement would be
it just had to be anybody but
him can you imagine the moral ethical
dilemma that's going on right now among
his closest
staff imagine H having to answer to
history's judgment when you've seen what
he's really like behind closed doors and
you know that everyone else knows that
you know what's happening behind closed
doors we will find out what was
happening right that's kind of story
that's guaranteed you know after Biden
passes there will be tons of books
saying oh you can't believe how bad it
was I mean we were changing this diaper
we you know it's going to be all that
stuff like literally it's going to be
that stuff and and all those people are
going to have to explain why they let
the country be at such risk and they
didn't whistleblow now obviously they're
don't want to lose their jobs so it's
obvious why but that's a lot to ask of
people so there's got to be there's got
to be this ethical moral emergency like
a crisis is happening within each
individual because there's no way they
don't know what they're doing and what's
going on right they may still prefer not
having a republican in charge I get that
but there's a real moral ethical problem
that they have to deal with and I think
that the way humans are the way they
would deal with that is by not dealing
with it and simply letting him decompose
in front of it
it it looks very much like the the David
Axel rods who clearly don't want to be
associated with this his next run are
trying to find a way to let him kill him
you know basically politically suicide
him just let him do his thing until it's
just so embarrassing the outcome is
obvious so it looks to me like they're
going to embrace and amplify Embrace
meaning instead of protecting Biden
they're going to let Biden be Biden
and watch him destroy himself in front
of the public because probably by now
they've tried to advise him and got
dementia
anger you want to make a bad on this one
here here's the easiest thing you could
predict by now well-meaning people who
love Joe Biden genuinely love him have
tried to talk him out of
running would you agree by now the
people who really care about him have
tried to talk about running and that
would include family I'm sure as well as
staff what do you think he said to the
staff now to the family he was probably
you know kind a family kind of reaction
but what do you think he would say to
the staff who questioned his
capability dementia
anger and how many times would you put
up with a dementia anger dressing down
in your job before you decide to take
him out of office for me it be once
if that happened to me
once and he disrespected me it doesn't
matter if he's a president if he
disrespected me that way even once let's
say yelling at me in front of a room
full of
people I would probably do whatever I
could to legally take him out of the
office yeah that would be
personal I would take that very
personally and I would act accordingly
it looks like there are people who are
just personally bothered and are taking
it out on him personally cuz cuz letting
him do these things that snack
commercial that looked
personal as well as political but it
looks like actual hate you know when you
see a uh you hear about a
murder and if you if somebody gets shot
once in the head and maybe once in the
chest what do you say about it oh it's
professional professional job they just
basically got the job done quickly two
two taps
but what happens if you see somebody
who's been stabbed 150 times you always
say that's personal right or Insanity
but usually
personal when you see that Biden was
allowed to do these snacks are too small
commercial that looks
personal doesn't it that's looks a
little bit more like
the5 stabo situation there's no way
you'd let him do this if you if you
still cared about him th this is people
letting him go in my
opinion all right the uh so some
Republican uh folks in the house
committees are trying to get a hold of
the videos or Audios in which Biden
talked to the uh special Council robber
her because as you know robber her in
his report characterized Biden is not
being uh let's say
mentally 100% there and so Republicans
are saying maybe we should see this
video or hear this audio to which I
say yes maybe you should I don't know
the legality of it though what what
right would the Republican Le house
committee have to that information is
that public like what what would make
what would make them have access to that
can they just ask for it and they could
just ask for o oversight
oversight of what though what would the
oversight be of because they don't have
oversight of the special Council right
isn't the whole point of a special
council is that the Congress can't stop
what he's
doing
doj yeah all right well I'm assuming
that they have some legal um standing
there I just don't know what it
is all right uh
Joe Biden said uh costs have fallen from
everything from a gallon of gas to a
gallon of milk is that true costs have
fallen for everything from a gallon of
gas to a gallon of
milk no that's
true it's completely true what are you
talking
about it's 100%
true it just depends what time point you
start measuring right it it is probably
true that at one point milk was higher
than today and at one point gas was
higher than
today
but uh as the RNC uh research says uh
they say he's lying they say overall
costs are up 17.3% under Biden well gas
prices remain 30% higher or so than when
he took
office well both of those things are
true and they can both be true it can
could be true that they came down a
little from their High it could be true
that they're still way higher than when
he took
office
so why does Biden just get in front of
people and say something so an a context
and misleading well it's because his
people still think the news is
real when when CNN covers this are they
gonna are they going to fact check
him maybe you know if they're done with
them but I doubt it
I think they'll just ignore it yeah now
to be fair would Trump ever make a claim
like this and I mean in a very general
sense like this would Trump ever claim
that something's doing well if there was
some other context which should make him
not look like it's doing so well yeah of
course he would they all all the
politicians seem to do that it's kind of
universal so that part doesn't surprise
me the only thing I'm talking about is
the fact Checkers that the fact that you
can just say that kind of stuff and it
won't be fact checked do you think if
Trump said this it wouldn't be fact
checked to death of course it would of
course it
would uh but it looks like only the
Republican social media people are going
to see the fact check on that
one here's the most predictable thing in
the world if you haven't heard the news
I'd like to see if you can predict all
right this is only for the people who
haven't heard the news
already uh Biden is going to have a
upcoming physical exam and you must
answer the question will the physical
exam include a cognitive test
go whoa you're good whoa I can't believe
how well you can
predict impressive people you're so
impressive no
surprisingly despite the fact that the
phys that the cognitive exam is the one
we care about the
most they just just won't do that yeah
no unnecessary do you know why it's
unnecessary cuz if you were in the room
with him you would see him with all his
sharpness and his leadership and his
memory is oh his memory is so good now
they probably won't get that on video
you know for some reason they they just
always forget to turn on the video when
he's being all leaderly and
sharp so I mean only because of chance
and you know neglect will you not have a
good video of him being all sharp and
leaderly but um I guess that's why they
don't need that cognitive
test now I've got some
questions who does the White House
doctor work
for I I mean I actually don't know does
the White House doctor have only one
responsibility which is to the
patient does the White House doctor not
not have responsibility to the
country because you know if you go to
your personal doctor you do not expect
your personal doctor to favor America
over your
health my doctor better better care
about my health more than everything
else better or else I need a new doctor
but is a White House doctor a political
animal a personal doctor
or does that doctor work for
us do you
know I'm looking at the uh yeah I I get
that there's patient privilege but the
whole point of a president doing a
physical exam is to make it public
that's the point of
it so how do we explain the White House
doctor and is there any oversight that
the Congress has can Congress call the
White House doctor in and ask the White
House doctor to explain how how do you
let this go
on can they now I've been told that the
25th Amendment um has no chance no
matter how bad uh Biden is have you
heard the same because you would have to
get so many people to vote for it you
almost no
chance yeah so apparently just having a
bad memory isn't going to come anywhere
near the stand
you you'd have to be actually just a
blithering idiot you know brain dead
basically so just being um not being
good at your job comes nowhere near the
standard for a mental
disability which is weird but it
probably has to be that way because
otherwise everybody call the president
crazy and kick him out of
office and I'll I'll say again I do not
want Biden removed from office because I
would love to watch him go all the way
to the election and watch the
Democrats uh lose in a way that they can
see coming for two
years yeah and he should get an MRI of
his brain
absolutely all right here's a story from
the libs of Tik Tock and others are
reporting a surprising number of
Shooters Mass Shooters lately are trans
or
non-binary
now um I hate these
stories and you as you know I don't
usually cover them so I don't cover the
mass shooting stories because I don't
like to encourage them and they're all
the same and I normally don't talk too
much about TR
stuff for it's just not my beat and it's
such a yucky topic it just it's like a
hate filled topic anywhere you w you
can't really get into the topic without
being slimed by the topic you no matter
what your opinion is so I kind of stay
away from it
but here's the list so according to Libs
of Tik Tok the Colorado Spring shooter
was non-binary Nashville school shooter
trans Aberdine shooter
trans um Denver shooter trans Iowa
school shooter transgender fluid
Lakewood Church shooter
trans are those all
true is that
true
yeah now is that
unexpected is it
unexpected I'm assuming every one of
these trans were uh born biologically
male that's the were any of them born
female I don't think so yeah
so
um does it surprise you that a group
were in the category
of um trans would also have related or
even unrelated mental
problems that's not surprising is it
well if you took any group of people had
known mental problems wouldn't you
expect more violent
crime that seems somewhat expectable now
let me say as clearly as possible before
I'm taking out of context I don't think
that all uh trans or non-binary people
have mental illness I just think that
the trans
Community um has more mental illness
than most
communities most right I don't think
there's anything that' be even
comparable really so it shouldn't
surprise you that people who have a
known high level of mental
illness
um would that would Express itself in
other ways but there does seem to be
something weird going on like even even
that alone doesn't seem to explain
it Thomas Massie uh responded to the
list and said we should know which
government approved drugs they were
on yes we should we should know what
government approved drugs they on but
there too you have to be careful don't
you because wouldn't you
expect that the people who are taking uh
drugs for depression or whatever it is
that they might also o have you know
other
mental um issues that would be acted out
in other ways so I don't know if it
would show you that the drug is causing
it or would it show you that people who
have mental problems are more likely to
take drugs could it could work either
way so you'd have to be careful with
that data but I would definitely like to
know what it says I just wouldn't take
it at face value you'd have to dig a
Little
Deeper um oh I'm
seeing so somebody's factchecking me
that several of the trigger pullers were
born
female they were born female and they
transitioned to male is that
right were were they
all were some of them uh presenting as
male were some of them presenting as
female when they
shot okay so we don't have a biological
correlation
I'm seeing in the fact checking you know
that's why I like doing this
live that's an advantage you really
can't get in a recorded show can you
getting fact checked in real time and
that was a good fact check that was
actually a really useful fact check so
no they're not all biologically born
male all right next
story uh UCSF had a
speaker Dante King who said us is RAC no
surprise there says that there's a white
rape culture what um and he said that
uh he said that white
what uh he said that whites are
psychopaths he said whites are
psychopaths and their behavior
represents an underlying biologically
transmitted proclivity with roots deep
in their evolutionary
history so that was a speaker that the U
UCSF allowed in to say his thing now I
think he should be allowed to speak
absolutely but is there any other
opinions that they're banning yeah yeah
so apparently it's okay to say that uh
white people suck but you wouldn't be
able to do you know any other group that
way obviously
uh Matt Walsh is talking about that uh
uh Pro Jesus commercial on the Super
Bowl the one that showed a whole bunch
of people having their feet washed so it
it's just a whole bunch of looked like
AI generated pictures of people washing
the feet of other people and Matt Walsh
pointed out what I noticed immediately
as well it was only white people washing
the feet of non-white people now there
might have been an exception but that's
mostly what it was it was a whole bunch
of
examples
that was probably the most disgusting
and useless commercial I've ever
seen you know what I don't want to see
is more than one example of somebody
washing somebody else's
feet now I get that Jesus did it exactly
one time and it was a special case you
it wasn't like he went around washing
feet all day so everything about that
commercial was wrong
but when you when you watch the racial
dimension of it which I'm sure was not
uh a message that the creators of the
commercial were trying to send it's just
that they couldn't do it not that way
like if you showed even one scene where
that was
reversed there would be an all kind of
trouble even if six of them went one way
and one of them went the other way
they'd still be in trouble so it's more
of a sign of the times than a sign that
the people who put the commercial
together are bad people they're probably
good people but boy was that a terrible
commercial what a waste of money
so I guess uh number of
Republicans have voted to uh break of
Senate filibuster to push forward uh
toward a vote on the 95 billion forign a
package for Ukraine and I guess Taiwan
and
Israel I think that's all in there so
here's what you need to know these are
the names of the Republicans who voted
to uh get it out of the Phil pillbuster
now we think it's dead an arrival in the
house at the very least
but um shouldn't you know the names of
everybody who was in favor of this you
should hear their names so I'm just
going to read you their last names so if
you hear these names in other context
you might say to yourself hey is there
any pattern that's developing
here so the Republicans who voted to
move that bill along would be capito
Cassidy Collins Ernst
Grassley cedy
surprisingly um McConnell Moran
marowski
Romney rounds suvin tun t hu n is that
the right TH or it's tun right H is
silent uh Tillis wicker young and
cornin so I just want you to hear those
names because there's a lot going on in
this country that we don't
understand and you have to know the
players to have any chance of figuring
out what's going on so uh the H is not
silent so he's th not
tune Senator th un told see it worked
again fact checked in real
time
um but I don't really
understand why there would be so many
people in favor of
this and I was listening to the uh
explanation of Senator
Tillis and Senator Tillis Republican
says that it's a important vote to give
this money to Ukraine especially because
if we don't it will embolden our
enemies it will embolden our enemies
what does that sound
like you know what that sounds
like it sounds like this hey uh Scott
could uh you know could you leave your
cubicle and could you put together a
presentation uh that makes it look like
it's a good idea to do this thing that's
obviously not a good idea and I say well
how am I going to make a PowerPoint
slideshow that says a bad idea is a good
idea well you can do it I'm sure you can
do it and I'll be like okay well I can't
rely on any facts because the facts
would show it's a bad idea so I'm going
to need something a little more
conceptual maybe something that's a
little bit hard to prove maybe something
that has no facts behind it whatsoever
maybe something totally
speculative
like if we don't do this it might
embolden our
competitors now if you were in the
corporate world and somebody gave you
some like that it's going to
embolden
somebody but that's it that that was the
whole argument it's going to embolden
somebody you don't like to be
emboldened would you feel that's good
enough like if it's the real world and
you're making the decision no a phrase
like it will embolden your enemies is
what you say when you don't have an
argument do you know what you say when
you have an
argument other
stuff other stuff you say stuff like uh
I think we can win this war and uh Putin
will be crushed and there'll be some I
don't know big advantage to
us now you could agree with it or
disagree with it but it would sound like
somebody saying a realish
reason or you could say um this is a
real cheap way to not have to build up
our military because it will degrade
Russia or something but you can disagree
with that but it' be you sound like a
real reason but does this embolden
Russia and China sound real to
you embolden them to do what exactly is
China going to say it looks like we've
got a free pass on
Taiwan do you think they're thinking
that what exactly are they emboldened to
do is is Russia now going to take over
some other countries they going to take
over
Poland does that seem likely
is there any indication that they would
ever take over a or try to take over a
NATO
country I don't feel like
it I don't know you're going to have to
do better than embolden our enemies
because I think our enemies are embolden
all the
time and correct me if I'm wrong the
longer we fund this war the closer
Russia and China get to each
other so is that better or worse than
embold than them which would you rather
have
emboldened do you want to embolden them
or do you want to drive them
together I feel like both of those are
bad but in such a general way that it
doesn't seem like I should pay attention
to it it's too generic you're going to
have to give me something that's not
just a generic thing you can say about
every
situation right how about using the same
logic for I know every other
you don't want to embolden the wrong
people
so um let's see what did Mitt Romney say
it's the most important vote we will
ever take at the US
senators how could that possibly be true
the most important vote
really I mean I I'm not even going to
give an argument against it it's like
this is the one you'd pick out is the
most important because what would be the
alternative I think if you don't vote
for it Ukraine and Russia May make
peace would that be the outcome wouldn't
zilinsky have to make peace and if he
tried do you think that Putin would say
no you have to give us the rest of
Ukraine would
he I don't think he would I think he'd
say well we'll keep what we have which
was going to happen anyway
so I feel like it's the least important
thing they would ever vote on except
that it cost money
and would drive us closer to nuclear
war
um see what Elon mus says about this the
funding he says there's been no change
in the Russia Ukraine border for a year
just lots of dead kids what kind of
psycho wants to continue it's getting
harder to do things well no this is me
that's not
um so let me also give you an opinion
from the all-in podcast now you know the
all-in podcast everybody's famili
amiliar with it so it's like David Sachs
and um several others whose names don't
come to me at the moment uh chamoth and
um uh chamoth
and
Jason we're better on first names freed
and David fredberg right
so it seems to me that the Allin podcast
has whether they intended it or not they
formed something like a national
advisory committee now nobody would call
them that and they wouldn't call
themselves that but here's the here's
the phenomenon that I see
forming it will get harder and harder
for our government to do things that the
smartest people think are
stupid now Elon Musk you know does that
by himself how would you like to be
doing something that Elon Musk calls out
in public as stupid
stupid it's hard isn't it because
everything about musk suggests he's only
about what
works there's nothing about him that
suggests he's political in any
traditional way he's entirely about what
works and he might be among the best
people on the planet for being able to
predict what will work I mean look at
his track record well he's even he even
predicted his own his own companies
wouldn't work but made it work anyway so
I'm not sure how you you score that but
my point is that when the smartest
people say something's a bad idea that
is a lot of pressure on that idea and
the all-in podcast I think is becoming
the strongest it's not there yet but
it's heading in the direction of being
the strongest force for common
sense because when you see four people
who are arguably four of the smartest
people you ever see have a conversation
and they have a strong opinion and it's
all in the same direction nobody
disagrees among the four of them or so
that's pretty strong and and it's
creating this sort of
counterforce that is not big enough to
be like a national story yet but you
can't miss it let me ask you this is
there anybody in your life who if you
saw they had an opposite opinion of the
one you were starting to form that you
would immediately pause and say oh
I better find out why this opinion is
not there I do for example if I have a
legal opinion and I see Alan DT let's
say it's a constitutional question and
you know I've got my lay lay person's
opinion it's not very good and then I
see Jonathan turle or um dtz have a
different opinion I immediately stop and
say who I'm probably wrong and then I I
look to see if I can just adopt their
opinion
which I almost always do now if I saw a
story about a business you know some big
business thing and I thought the Allin
one the Allin podcast people all thought
it was a good business or they all
thought it was a bad business I would
change my opinion immediately indeed
they talked about a company that I
thought was a good investment and when
they were done I decided to pull my
money
out because they said something they had
heard before and I don't make investment
advice so I'm not going to tell you what
company it was but basically I had a
positive feeling about a company I heard
them say some things that I should have
known but didn't I just wasn't as well
informed as they were and when they said
it I said to myself oh
damn how did I not know that and it
changed my thinking now if they had been
you know just a bunch of idiots I don't
know if it would have changed my
thinking but if you see that you know
these highly accomplished smart inde
dependent thinkers who appear not to be
in any political Camp whatsoever uh when
you hear them all on the same side of
something it's pretty powerful it's
pretty powerful now for me also I'll
name some other
names I often mention Mike cernovich
because even if I don't agree with him
on everything and nobody agrees on
everything right um anytime he has an
opinion that disagrees with me I
immediately stop and go figure out what
I missed
and then you know maybe I still disagree
but I'm going to go look to see what I
missed right and that's what the Allin
pod guys are doing at the very least
they're going to make you say uh did I
miss that and go look at it right so and
again you all have your own names of
Thomas Massie there's another one Thomas
Massie I'm not going to agree with him
on everything but if he has opinion
that's different than mine I just
immediately stop and go figure out
what's he up to like why is he
disagreeing with me yeah and uh yeah
Glenn Greenwald would be another Etc
Steve
Cortez um yeah these these are very
credible
people all right so I think that's a
very important Force that's forming and
the it is the corrective Force we need I
would love to reach a point someday when
there's a political debate and somebody
says you know the all-in
said
this and and actually make that as part
of the argument it's like here's the
smartest people who looked into it and
they have an opinion that's different
from yours now V is that too V has that
same thing if a vake has an opinion I
disagree with which I hate I immediately
say all right what I miss what what's he
saying that I don't say and usually
there is
something um
here's a reframe that V had on Spaces he
said that we shouldn't give uh Biden any
more money for Bard security until he um
enforces the laws that are already in
the
books and I thought to
myself that's exactly how you would run
a
company if it were a company you'd say
why am I giving you more money for the
thing that you have all the assets you
needed already and you're just not using
them that's that's exactly the type of
thing you don't give money to that's
exactly what you don't give money to
somebody who's not using what they
have that that's really basic and and
the funny thing is until I heard him say
it it didn't really occur to
me like somehow that wasn't you know
anywhere in the front of my mind but the
moment he says it you say to yourself
well yeah as much as I think we might
need extra extra funding and we probably
do for the Border you don't know how
much you need until you use what you
have am I right if they could use what
they already have and it would
immediately go back to something like it
was during the Trump era when Trump used
exactly those same tools now I don't
know if that's the case it could be that
something fundamentally has changed and
those same set of tools don't work
anymore but I would certainly not give
them any money until I knew that I would
certainly want to know that so yeah the
the VES the all-in B people the Elon
musks they are really making a
difference by being um just smarter than
the people who are in the conversation
that's really what it
is uh even Lindy Graham is saying that
the Ukraine age should be in the form of
a loan now so Trump
moved Lindsey Graham as
well
and
um so I guess
uh Trump has asked the Supreme Court to
weigh in on the immunity question which
the lower courts said he did not have so
that would be immunity for being accused
of doing Insurrection things during the
uh 20 20
election
um here's how
NBC News reported it they say uh that
former president Trump files lsh request
blah blah blah to prevent his
prosecution for attempting to overturn
the 2020
election is that what happened do do we
just report that like it like it's a
fact because wouldn't this fact require
knowing Trump's inner thoughts which are
not in evidence anywhere the only place
his inner thoughts or in evidence are in
his actions and his actions were go
peacefully and apparently every bit of
knowledge we have about it was he was he
was trying to uh delay a process he
thought was corrupt to make sure it
wasn't
corrupt
now couldn't that also be the way you
described it that he would be seeking um
immunity from an unreasonable
prosecution for trying to protect the
Republic from what looked like a rigged
election to many
people is that not
accurate because I think it's accurate
based on the facts the NBC news report
would assume that they know something
about his inner thoughts that has never
been expressed by him written down or in
evidence from anybody who ever talked to
him think about the fact that all of the
investigating all the interviews about
Trump not once did anybody say you know
privately he knew the election was
fair not one person do you know why
because privately he didn't think it was
fair the obvious reason he he thought
exactly what he said that there was
probably some cheating he wanted to
figure it out and if they could delay
for you know a day whatever he wanted to
figured out maybe he could get lucky
maybe he could get lucky and then of
course the way they report the extra
delegates is that they're fake delegates
is that the right word did did Trump try
to get fake
delegates or were they alternate
alternate lative delegates so that he
could keep his legal challenge
alive which is what some of us know but
has never been reported to anybody on
the left
right that there was a legitimate legal
play that involves getting these
alternate electors and it's not that you
think that they will necessarily make
the decision it's simply that you're
establishing the seriousness of your
claim and it's just part of the the
legal positioning and that's the way it
was explained in actual documents that
you know have been kicked up um from the
lawyers that they were actually saying
it as a legal strategy not an illegal
Insurrection strategy but in their
opinion and they could be wrong but in
their opinion it was a way to to keep a
legal challenge alive you know give them
a little better odds so but NBC reports
it like there's a fact that he tried to
quote uh overturn the
election now in a technical level he was
trying to overturn it but not overturn
it from correct to incorrect correct he
was trying to overturn it from incorrect
to
correct which also would have gone his
way if if he had been able to do
it now the news doesn't think that's
important like we we don't need to know
that the other the other explanation of
what happened the one that fits the
facts there's only one that fits the
facts the one that fits the facts is it
was a legal strategy and they honestly
believed that the thing had been r
that fits every fact what doesn't fit
the fact is he is he knew it was a real
election he tried to stay in
office right
yeah all right um and that ladies and
gentlemen is all I wanted to talk about
today I went longer than I thought thank
you for joining on YouTube and Rumble
and the
xplatform um I'm going to stay on and
talk to the locals people a little bit
more cuz they get extra they're special
uh if you'd like to be one of them you'd
have to subscribe on Scott adams.
locals.com for my other comics and
calendar digital calendar and all that
stuff and I will talk to you tomorrow
bye for
now