bum bum bum bum bum bum hey everybody
Alexander good to see you grab a seat
make sure you've got a steaming beverage
I like coffee and the rest of you Kevin
Gavin Stan come on in and where are the
women this morning Stevie Mike dan Rick
come on I know there's some women on
this periscope well I'm sure you'll be
here momentarily but while you're
waiting let us enjoy the unparalleled
pleasure of the simultaneous sip grab
your cup you mug you were tankard you're
Stein you're jealous your thermos raise
it to your lips filled with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me for the simultaneous it somebody
somebody just mentioned my interview
with Greg Gutfeld
on Fox Nation it's a subscription site
so you have to be of subscriber but it's
available now the podcast is so if you
have that subscription or you'd like to
get one you can watch that
so yesterday if you were on my periscope
I talked about the fact that the CNN web
page had done a full pivot away from the
Russia collision hoax and the entire top
left which is the important part of the
page the top left was all health care
stories it was health care health care
health care health care and I don't know
how many of you saw dr. Carlson last
night and let me say a couple things
about this if you're not watching Tucker
Carlson for the last week or so you're
missing the best show on television
because it's always a strong show but
now he's
I think maybe because he's been attacked
so viciously and in ways that look
actually dangerous especially with
people showing up in his house it seems
like he's off the leash meaning he's is
going full-speed at the at the opponents
and CNN and in particular and it's
really glorious to watch it's by far his
strongest I think all of his strongest
show is its cover the last two weeks and
they're spectacular but he did a major
segment last night talking about how CNN
and MSNBC decide what to cover in the
news and he took he took my observation
to the next level which as he showed
Nancy Pelosi saying maybe the maybe the
news should start talking about health
care and that him that he showed that
must-see MSNBC and CNN went complete
health care and as he posed he just said
that's what they should cover and then
all the coverage was just that topic and
I thought wow it's the sort of thing you
know is true you know that the
mainstream media and the Democrats are
you know pretty tight we knew from the
the leaked emails etc but to actually
see it in real time in a way that you
could have almost predicted is kind of
mind-boggling and I don't know about you
but
oh and let me just put an exclamation on
this point so I was very curious after
Tucker's brutal treatment of CNN what
their home page would look like today so
I thought I wonder if it's still gonna
be all about health care so I go to the
top left and it's airline stuff airline
stuff airline stuff airline stuff
airline stuff airline stuff they've
completely replaced that the health care
pivot after Tucker mocked them
mercilessly for it
last night completely replaced it with
airline safety now here's the funny part
Tucker also mentioned and some other
outlets are covering it today
apparently the ratings for CNN and MSNBC
just fell off a cliff as soon as the
Russia collusion thing was revealed as
the hoax that it was there there are
traffic yeah Tucker said that at least
one night their traffic was down by
fifty percent I've seen other numbers
but it's somewhere in the 20 to 50
percent range they dropped and it was in
those the media and here's the thing
that Tucker didn't say which is even
funnier so the ratings of for Rachel
Maddow Show and MSNBC and CNN dropped a
lot but what they don't say is that of
the remaining viewers the people who
were actually watching CNN and MSNBC a
pretty large proportion of them were or
conservatives who just went to laughs so
probably for the last few days and I
know because I tweeted this and I asked
other people are you watching those two
networks just for the comedy and you
know hundreds if not thousands of people
responding yes laughingly
I had those two networks just I was
going CNN MSNBC CNN MSNBC before this
last week do you know how much I watched
MSNBC zero I never turned it on but I
watched a lot of it in the past week you
know probably watch a little bit more of
it so as bad as the ratings were they're
actually far worse because even the bad
ratings who were bolstered by the
temporary gloating of conservatives that
were probably at least 10 percent of
their total traffic and and it's not
it's not permanent trash
it's temporary traffic where people
literally just want to have a good laugh
so now the the interpretation that I've
seen in the news I believe is completely
wrong for why their ratings dropped let
me ask you let me ask you this you can
be the pundits for the moment
hey pundits tell me why you think the
ratings for CNN and MSNBC dropped when
the molar report came out tell me
there's a little delay in the comments
so I have to I have to you know wait for
a moment
but tell me why you're the expert people
like don't like being played you say I
don't think that's it because they're
liars
no because people don't want to watch
bad news depends depends what you call
bad news no credibility no because it's
fake news because they lost their
credibility no no it I don't believe
that the drop in traffic was because
their credibility was shaken in my
opinion their credibility with their
audience is probably unchanged it's
probably closer to completely intact
than it is to completely changed here's
why I think people watched people didn't
want to watch the news it was about the
audience
it wasn't about CNN people didn't want
to watch the news because they didn't
like what it was gonna say it wasn't it
wasn't that it was good news or bad news
it was that it wouldn't make them feel
good and I mean that literally as in
feelings you know they would actually
physically feel ill because they have
they had invested their their their
mental was a coherence to this story
that was completely false
yeah and when their worldview shattered
as commenter says when their worldview
shattered it would actually be painful
to watch confirmation of how badly they
had been duped so if you say to yourself
it's because they no longer trust CNN or
MSNBC I would say that's probably not
true I you know I think everybody
understands that sometimes the news is
wrong you know there's nobody who didn't
know that fact the fact that they were
wrong on such a huge thing and the fact
that they're their own viewers got
bamboozled probably is not as important
as you think it ought to be I don't
think that's the reason that they
abandon the network and indeed if the
network comes up with a new story of of
how Trump will be removed from office
tomorrow
that entire audience is going to come
back and they're going to believe the
new story the number of people who will
say well you lied to us for two years so
therefore I will put less trust in this
new story not many people will do that
you think they should and by the way I'm
not saying that there's nothing I'm
saying here that is something that's
unique to Democrats or liberals or the
left it's nothing about that it's about
people the same thing would happen if
the situation had been reversed and the
situation been reversed the people who
would be find themselves being let's say
validated by the news and feeling smart
and right would all tune in you no
matter what and the people who did not
feel validated by the news and the news
would make them feel stupid may take a
pass on watching the news so it's just
human nature but I do believe it is a
complete miss read to imagine that those
news networks lost the credibility I
don't think they did
I think credibility is almost a it's
almost an hour
k ik concept you know credibility yeah
I'm not even sure credibility is a thing
anymore because people simply believe
the story is that they want to believe
and they disbelieve the stories that
they're in you know they're disinclined
to believe there's no such thing as well
I might disagree with you but at least
you're credible so maybe I should I
should take it seriously we're way past
that reality now as many people have
said and I like to point this out the
business model of the press got much
more sophisticated in last 10 or 15
years because they can measure with
complete certainty how each story how
each headline gets clicks and so they
ended up you know evolving from
something like news to something like a
drug let me say that again the news
business evolved in the last 10 years or
so from something like reporting
information news to something more like
a type of drug and by that I mean they
serve up stories that make people click
and people click sometimes for
intellectual reasons curiosity knowledge
but mostly they click because of how it
feels when I read the news I click on
the stuff that I think is going to give
me the feeling I want I don't always
click on the stories that I know I need
to know all right and I'm even aware of
it and I still follow the I follow the
drug right I followed the dopamine I
follow the serotonin I follow the
oxytocin yeah and I suppose I'm kind of
a drug to some of you as well for the
same reason so you should see the news
industry as a drug delivery mechanism it
didn't used to be that it used to be
actually information and now it's a drug
delivery system as is all entertainment
it's not
News all right funniest story let's see
if you can tell you what's the funniest
story of the day oh I'll tell you here's
the funniest story of the day the Trump
administration if you haven't heard this
you're gonna love us the Trump
administration announced it's going to
sue Facebook for here's the good part
wait for it wait for it the Trump
administration announced it's suing
Facebook for housing discrimination
[Laughter]
couldn't that be any better now the
argument is that people who were
landlords people who had property to to
rent could use the Facebook's tools to
to determine what genders and apparently
ethnicities would even see their ads so
if you were a racist landlord you can
exclude the you know exclude the
ethnicities of people you didn't want to
even see read which is pretty darn
racist now I have to admit I personally
don't feel like that's any form of evil
on Facebook's the side I think Facebook
just had a general tool that had general
use for advertisers and and some people
misuse that tool to be you know for
racist purposes so I don't think
Facebook is is you know the bad actor
here but but it's still true that they
created a tool that allowed racists to
discriminate and so I guess they'll have
to answer for that now what's funny
about it of course is that one of the
one of the things dogging Trump has been
the 1970s I think it was there was a
lawsuit against one of his properties
for racial discrimination in housing so
they were they were discriminate
who could live in this Trump building I
don't remember if it was rentals or or
purchasing but as far as I know and you
can fact check me on this there's no
evidence in that old seventies case that
Trump himself knew about the
discrimination because the
discrimination was happening by some
employees who were incentive to do
whatever is good for the building
because that's how presumably that's how
they got paid so the employees
apparently discriminated for probably
more economic reasons than because they
had a personal feeling about anybody in
other words it was still bigotry and
discrimination no question about that
but there's no evidence that they did it
on orders from Donald Trump that's not
you know I believe they were saying yeah
you know I think it was like the case
was settled which doesn't actually tell
you the great garloo my god that was a
toy I had as a child sorry I just had a
somebody made a comment about the great
garloo and I just had this memory of a
childhood toy with that name so anyway
so it's unclear what the pret what the
president's involvement was if any or if
he even knew about it in terms of the
discrimination that case they got
settled in the 70s for the Trump
Organization so all we know for sure is
that the is that the employees
discriminated so that much we know so
this is sort of this wonderful living in
a simulation moment where the Trump
administration gets to sue Facebook for
housing discrimination and it just
couldn't be more artistically perfect I
just love it
all right so I'm watching Joe Biden who
is at the at the top of the Democrats
polling to be the nominee for president
and I don't know about you but watching
Biden gaffe his way through this process
is bordering on Trin's larious so it's
cringe worthy and funny it's sort of
cringe larious it's my new word it's
funny because it makes you cringe so
apparently uh Biden is on an apology
tour in which he said the that the white
man's culture has to end and then he
told some fate news about whips or
something and when I see that I think to
myself how is that a winning message how
is that a winning message he's found the
only way to give zero votes uh-huh if
you think about it so if if the
Democrats who are in terms of their
preferred branding from their party the
party of inclusivity the party of
diversity if the party of diversity
nominates the oldest whitest guy who is
running how many of those people are
going to be enthusiastic about voting
for the oldest whitest guy while they
are self-identified as sort of the party
of inclusivity and diversity and the
answer is I don't know that's a tough
sell
and then Biden tries to win that group
by insulting essentially insulting white
people
so who's left if he's insulted every
person of color by simply being the
nominee and then as the nominee he
directly insults all the people left
he's really found a way to get zero
votes which is ingenious really
so yeah watch it so that here's the
funny thing and I don't I don't know if
people have quite internalized this the
the easiest matchup for Trump is Biden
by far the just it's not even close you
could you could throw a dart adding one
of the other candidates and they might
be polling lower but if you sort of
project forward every one of the other
candidates would be a stronger choice I
I don't know them all but I think every
one of them and there is this the Biden
has limit let me let me just paint a
picture for you Joe Biden you're you're
the nominee for the Democrats we've got
some questions for you can you tell us
more about what's bad with white culture
and the problem with men now doesn't
matter how he answers that question it
doesn't matter how he answers a question
he's just it's just a bad look it looks
weak and apologetic and it's not gonna
make anybody happy and then they say Joe
Biden can you explain your treatment of
Anita Hill during the Clarence Thomas
stuff in which you know it was the most
anti woman thing that has ever happened
in this country since you know women got
the right to vote I think yeah and even
though I don't believe he's that person
anymore
you know I I do allow that anything
that's more than twenty years old we
should just say that was a different
person people changed right so I
wouldn't personally hold
against them because people can be bad
20 years ago and still change and I
would imagine he's not really the same
person anymore I think he changed with
society and but the fact is he would
have to answer to all that now what is
the biggest complaint that the
anti-trump ours have about the president
well one of them is that he's sexist
ready and if that's one of the biggest
complaints about this president watching
non-stop clips of Biden putting his
hands on young girls it's just not gonna
be a good look it's just not gonna be
any way so I think it's hilarious that
the Democrats are setting themselves up
for probably the weakest attempt at
winning a presidency you might ever see
in your lifetime you know maybe Mondale
was weaker but this one's this was a
slaughter I still don't think Biden will
necessarily get elected and oh by the
way there will be a point so at the
moment I would say Democrats are at
least a little bit unified they might
have their preferred candidates but
there's still Democrats there will be
some point in this process there will be
a point in the process in which they're
going to get real specific about do we
want an old white guy versus anything
else person color or a woman a woman
woman person of color that battle is
going to be the final battle before the
nomination and it's going to get ugly
and it's going to divide the party so
we'll see how that goes
let's talk about AOC in the and the clip
that you saw in which she is berating
some other House member
did you all see the clip and and the
interesting thing about it is her hand
gesture she's she's almost got better
like hand gestures and she's and a feud
and she's going big now that clip was
run on both the anti-trump networks and
the end fox news and probably a lot of
other places so she managed to get in
the get in the news from something that
probably you didn't see coming
I don't he i I honestly don't even
remember what the issue was was it
health care but she managed to get in
the news on all the networks now here's
the reason that I say there's that she
has a skill set that in persuasion that
is similar to President Trump
yes yes I get it that she doesn't have
the the business acumen I get that you
don't need to remind me
but the persuasion skill set is very
similar and here's the thing one of the
things I often note about the president
is that he can notice free money that's
on the table so if this president walks
up and says somebody left some free
money on the table anybody anybody okay
I'll take the free money and so the
president picks it up so for example
when the president recognized the Golan
Heights that was sort of free money
there really isn't much of a pushback
from that it's just a whole positive for
the president for the United States for
Israel it doesn't have much impact at
all on whether there will be peace
because you know the people who don't
want to still don't want it the people
wanted it's too long and and then I
watched AOC get her get her time in the
news and I thought to myself here here
were a bunch of politicians in a room
all of those politicians saw the free
money sitting on the table only aoc
picked it up the free money was that it
was a televised event in meeting there
were cameras there
so probably wasn't live I don't know if
it was live or not but that doesn't
matter there were cameras there and what
a was he knew that apparently no one
else in the room figured out she was the
only one who figured it out is that if
she went big she would be on the news so
she went big she she used a reaction
there was outsized for the the situation
it was an of context it was a little too
big for the room she was in and so every
news organization covered it because it
was the shiny object it was the thing
that made noise it was the squeaky wheel
what do you remember about anybody else
in that room nothing I in fact I don't
even think there was anybody else in the
picture the word I don't even think
there was anybody behind her she managed
to take the free money that was on the
table which is wait a minute are the
rest of you going to be boring so you're
gonna be boring and you're boring how
about you you're all boring everything
seriously everybody here is gonna be
boring you're gonna leave the free money
on the table I guess I'll take it well
now here's the other thing when I talked
about better the other day and I talked
about his hand gestures and I said as as
as awkward as they look it probably is
really good technique because it's part
of what makes you not be able to look
away but there's something else about
those hand gestures common to both
Beddoe
and to AOC and I don't know if I think
that's more hand gestures that we've
seen from her but I don't know I'd love
to know the answer to that but here's
the thing doesn't it make them look
weirdly authentic you have to let that
sink in a minute now first of all I'm
not going to claim that any politician
is authentic because everybody's putting
on on the look that they want you to see
but when somebody is
if they're more likely to look like
they're lying
think about it when somebody's loose and
they're and they're you know their body
is involved then the things are saying
and their body are matched I'm really
worked up and my my hands are moving I'm
really worked up
it looks more authentic and when Beto
even talks about positive things yeah he
talks about positive things with his
hands you know that looks authentic too
now I know all of you were saying okay
you know they're on the other team so
anything they say is a lie
I'm not saying they are authentic I'm
saying they sell authenticity better
than other people
likewise president Trump imagine if you
will draw yourself a mental picture the
news is on and there's a senator who's
asked to be on camera just and now
picture the senator in your mind it's a
generic senator is that senator boring
yes all senators act like they're trying
to act like other senators have you
noticed that everybody in the Senate
acts like they're trying to act like a
senator and it all looks inauthentic
because you can tell they're all just
acting like I'm a senator then now
imagine President Trump
nobody acts like president Trump
literally there's nobody we've ever seen
who is even close to what he is and
because of that it it registers as
authentic because if you were trying if
you were trying to put one over on you
in sort of that ordinary way that the
Senators do they would all just act like
well I'm a senator and I think we should
do if you watched all these politicians
say the same things they say these
completely empty sayings like well I
think the country should have a
conversation about that we should have a
conversation about that we've got to
take this very seriously you know the
country should have a real a real debate
on that issue what is that what is that
that's nothing that's absolutely nothing
what is President Trump do well not that
he comes out and he's completely unique
so here's my point
Trump aoc Beto they all break the mold
they all break the mold and in so doing
they register as authentic I'm not
saying any of them are authentic but
they they they sell authenticity better
than other people do all right every
everybody is always managing what they
say for the the impact on the audience
they just do it better somebody totally
disagrees with me oh and then here's my
next question so the beto hand gestures
got a lot of attention a lot of people
talked about it I might be the only
person who said it's almost certainly a
positive so makes me wonder if anybody
on her team is watching my periscopes
because and so here's the question I
don't know did her hand gestures get
larger after people started talking
about Beto cuz it's possible that she
looked at it and picked up the technique
if she picked up his technique because
she understood that it was useful you
should be afraid of her you should be
very afraid and by that I mean she has
more skill than you think Scott you're
straining credulity so you have you have
enough in the room I have to say this
every now and then you have enough room
in your comments to say your reasons you
can say your reasons so when you say I'm
straining credibility
instead of saying that which means
nothing say I don't believe somebody is
thinking this or I don't believe you got
your fact right or something like that
but it does nobody any good for you to
just come out and say Scott you're
straining your credulity you're totally
wrong you can do better than that
I believe in you
do you read all the long messages well
they're only usually a sentence or two
doesn't work that way see there's
another one what doesn't work that way
somebody says it doesn't work that way
Scott what doesn't how am I supposed to
what is that comment for what kind of
point are you making you blocked people
for giving you a reason I don't believe
I've ever done that don't believe I've
ever blocked anybody for disagreeing or
for presenting a reason you might think
I have but I have not
but bump on just leave your comments and
want to see if anybody had it complains
all right is it there some new news
today oh yeah
so you've probably been following the
saga of the fine people hoax and the
fine people hoax widely reported is that
the president called the neo-nazis in
Charlottesville fine people that of
course is fake news which you can verify
just by looking at the transcript he
said actually the opposite
he said they must be condemned totally
now how many times does that been
repeated cory booker repeated again at
his town hall to see an end
correct him no of course well they don't
really fact check too hard on the town
halls but they did not correct well but
I thought that Steve Cortes was on
Smerconish Azure radio show talking
about that that issue so Steve has been
very active in trying to trying to
correct that hoax
now what's interesting about this is
that I've also been on Prakash's show
I've been on his CNN show but and I've
also been on his radio show twice I
think and I'll tell you one thing about
Smerconish he actually seems interested
in the facts so I don't know if he can
keep his job at CNN but he actually
seems to want to be interested in what
the other side says he is interested in
the other point of view he seems
genuinely interested in the facts
especially if they've been reported
wrong so I'm gonna give him credit I
haven't heard the actual interview I'd
love to but in in the way he tweeted it
he treated he treated it seriously that
it could be a hoax so he treated that
accusation
without a sarcasm or anything so credit
to him did they change it together in a
Wikipedia I haven't gotten an update on
Wikipedia but I believe they kept the
the condemned totally quote in there so
that I think that's still sticking yeah
the the folks that I who I debunk have a
a common path that they go down so they
first say he caught I heard it with my
own ears he called the neo-nazis fine
people and then I show them the
transcript and they say what are you
trying to pull I heard it with my own
ears and then I showed them the actual
video clip so they can hear with their
own ears that they did not hear it with
their own ears because it isn't there
then what did they say once you have to
bunk the primary claim that he called
the neo-nazis fine people and it's very
clear he didn't from the transcript what
did they say then do they say my god I
have been the victim of fake news I
reassess everything I've heard under
this new condition I simply understand
the world differently
no no they don't do that every one of
them says well then who are these fine
people Scott who was he referring to
there were no fine people there and then
I show them the New York Times article
where they interviewed one of the fine
people who was against the racists but
it showed up there for free free speech
with purposes so once you've established
that there were people there who
disliked the racists and were there for
their own reasons and they were there
for free speech reasons what do they
what does your subject say do they say
oh my god now I see it I heard the quote
wrong and indeed you have now proven the
New York Times talked to a real person
with a real name and their group were
not racists
and they were there too they were fine
people does anybody ever say that no
they don't they introduced a new
hallucination every time every time
you've seen it yourself
and it goes like this well how could
they be fine people if they're marching
alongside racists to which I say okay
you're the one who said marching along
with if they were marching with the
racists I'm pretty sure all of us would
agree they're racists I don't think that
would be ambiguous if they were marching
with the neo-nazis and then I say but
you introduced some fake news there's no
reporting that they were marching with
the racists there is reporting that
there were people in the same zip code
for completely different reasons
there's nothing wrong with being in the
same zip code with bad people if you
have different reasons that's pretty
normal so what do people say once I've
said they realized they heard it wrong
he had never complimented the neo-nazis
once they realized that it's confirmed
there were people there who were not
Nazis and didn't like didn't like races
and that's there for good people once
they've learned that and then and then
you say it's ridiculous to say they're
marching alongside the next thing I
heard and I heard this from one person
was Scott Scott Scott I'm paraphrasing
if you showed up for an event and you
were a fine person and you showed up to
an event and you found out that the
neo-nazis were there marching and you
didn't turn around and leave are you
really a fine person to which I say well
first of all I am a fine person and if I
showed up to an event in which I saw
neo-nazis squaring off with auntie Fong
I'm not leaving that are you kidding me
do you think I would
leave a situation that I stumbled upon
that had neo-nazis marching up against
anti-fog and and the violence was going
to start and there were torches and they
were yelling and there were clubs and
there were masks you might be a better
person than I am
but I don't think I could turn away I
think I would be watching that show all
right
I wouldn't approve of it I would not
approve of anybody there but I would
sure watch
I would watch and anybody who says that
they wouldn't you know I don't I can't
read their mind but I would just say
that's not a credible statement that you
wouldn't watch an event of that
magnitude if you were there and then as
somebody said the the last thing that
somebody will say usually is just word
salad or changing the topic or I'm too
busy to talk so those are the three
things I get I'm too busy to do this or
he's a racist for other reasons or
anybody who was there must be a racist
all right so that hoax continues Mike
savage asked in a tweet if there
anything is anything that I don't know
if he said conservatives or Trump
supporters is there anything that they
believe that that is a hoax as at the
same scale as the Russia clusion hoax
and so I gave several examples which
many of you won't like but but but let
me tell you another hoax so one of the
hoaxes that a lot of you on here believe
is that there was once a proposed law
that would make it legal to kill a
healthy baby after it was born no there
there were laws proposed about late term
abortion etc and certainly there are
laws that talked about if the if the
baby were born and was not viable and it
was going to die anyway what do you do
so those things are true but the hoax
part is that
in somebody's seven-day sayin there
wasn't a Virginia right so there are
people who believed that there was a in
New York I think in Virginia that there
was an actual law to make it legal to
kill a healthy baby after it was born so
I saved people well that's a hoax and
people say it's not a hoax it definitely
happened and the evidence is north
random or somebody else talking about it
or the evidence is a New York Post
article that doesn't show the law but it
talks about it and so I say easy enough
to test
send me the text of the law you believe
exists that would make it legal to kill
a healthy baby after it was born and
what do people do do they get on google
google that law find the text to prove
me wrong and then send it to me
well no they don't be good somebody says
what about the born about see so a lot
of you actually believe that there was
such a proposal that there was an actual
law proposed to make it legal to kill a
healthy baby after it's born some of the
some of you still believe that's true
and let me ask you this so there's so
many of you who believe it's true
shouldn't at least one of you be able to
produce the text of that law or proposed
law that you believe exists there are a
lot of you here now but just one of you
just one of you google it send me the
the text that that makes your claim true
and I will publicly apologize I will
publicly apologize for being wrong and I
will do it with all due humility you
just have to send me the text now of
course that text doesn't exist it
doesn't exist and I've been asking
people for weeks and and they go quiet
or if they turn into word salad or they
change the subject where they talk about
later Mobile
they talk about the Gosnell movie and
here are the claims I'm not making I'm
not claiming that nobody's ever murdered
a baby after birth I'm not claiming that
I'm not claiming that late term abortion
isn't a thing and that people wanted
that to be illegal and under certain
circumstances I'm not making any claims
about those things just a healthy baby
after it's born let's just show me the
text that makes it okay to kill that
doesn't exist all right let's talk about
the smollett case a little bit so Jesse
Smollett so as I said yesterday there's
obviously something sketchy about the
outcome and I want to revise revise
something I said yesterday I came out in
favor initially initially I came out in
favor of a light light sentence or a
light result for a small it and I gave
my argument it's because he's unlikely
to do it again it probably won't
encourage other people to try it because
he got caught and because he's famous it
will haunt him forever
unlike an unfamous person in the same
situation but as I sleep on it and as he
claims continues to claim his innocence
I say to myself you know I was okay with
the light sentence and I would have been
okay with it still if you just shut up
but the fact that he's throwing the
Chicago police under the bus it is not
acceptable it's not acceptable and under
that situation I'm fine with the federal
authorities coming in and putting the
hammer down on him had he admitted had
he admitted it I'd still be okay with a
relatively light sentence now in my
opinion
$10,000 as a fine is too light I think a
hundred thousand or fifty thousand would
be more in the ballpark of what would
feel right and by the way if I were if I
were Jesse well I guess he can't do this
because he's saying is innocent but had
he had he said he was guilty and had his
you know his punishment been this light
it might have been wise for him to just
make a donation to you know make up the
difference but that option is gone
because he's claiming he was innocent so
if you add in the fact that he's
apparently throwing his Nigerian friends
under the bus he's throwing the police
under the bus he's running one of the
most important hoaxes we've ever seen
and the fact that he continues to say it
was true is a continued danger to Trump
supporters so given his unwillingness to
say it's true that factor I know now
raised to a higher variable in my
thinking and I think he needs jail so I
think the the correct punishment under
the condition that he continues to lie
would be jail but if he had come clean I
would have said a the the media
hypnotized him he was brainwashed by CNN
he thought maybe he thought he was
making the world a better place in his
own twisted way but so I would have gone
easy on him but now I'd say I think jail
jail is a more appropriate appropriate
punishment all right is crowded under
the bus so he said so the whole Kim Fox
thing is Emily in the Obama Michelle
Obama connection and the fact that is
Chicago and the fact that even Rahm
Emanuel
I can't stand it I met here's a weird
little thing many years ago I guess I
can tell you this story I was in
Washington DC for reasons undisclosed
many years ago and I was with somebody
in politics and Rahm Emanuel was working
there and he was just walking down the
hallway the other way and my host said I
gotta introduce you to rahm emanuel and
my host said after the introduction it
was just briefly I met him it he went on
and my host said someday he's going to
be President and I thought really I
don't know no maybe someday you will be
I don't know but it was certainly
interesting to see him come and come out
against fellow Democrats as appears so
that would be an interesting position I
don't know if can you come out of
Chicago and still get elected feels like
that Chicago thing would would be a
little baggage all right I guess we've
got enough for now
and for now I will talk to you later