hey everybody wake up wake up and get it
on in here hello sheriff hello UNIX rad
hello Polly
and Conrad come on in here it's Sunday
morning and it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams and it's almost time yes I
think it's just about time for the
simultaneous if we do that when the
users reach a thousand as they have so
grab your mug your chalice your cup your
stein your container filled with a
little beverage of your choice I like
coffee
and join me for the simultaneous it
don't you love it when your coffee
tastes just right
I know you do well we got things to talk
about today I have been requested or it
has been requested of me what's the
right way to say that people have
requested that I talk about the idea of
a nickname for Joe Biden and apparently
the somebody in the Trump administration
is floating the idea of nicknaming him
creepy Joe creepy Joe so I have mixed
feelings about this number one you don't
really want to bring any of them me to
stuff into it because if you bring the
the me to mindset into the conversation
that is definitely going to favor
Democrats it's going to activate women
but on the other hand it's a
devastatingly effective nickname so it's
not as clean as some things because a
perfect nickname would apply to the
person you're applying it to
let's say if you're trying to create a
political linguistic killshot
your ideal nickname is something that
can't be flipped against you doesn't
have any larger feeling outside of the
person themselves something that's
really just identified with the person
but unfortunately the whole me -
movement has made this more of a
societal interest so that makes it a
little less predictable if it were not
for the me to thing and if it were now
for the grab them by the warrant comment
that the president famously made on
video then I would say creepy Joe would
be a home run but it's a little bit
polluted by these other things were
thinking about at the same time when we
think about that and I'm not totally
comfortable with with that being the
main the main approach it would be one
thing if Joe Biden was going after Trump
for similar similar types of charges and
then it would make sense to flip it
against him but if the president's
having a little bit of hesitation on
that one I think that would be smart a
hesitation it's devastating but there's
gonna be some blowback with that one all
right let's talk about there's an
article I tweeted about Facebook
influencing elections by putting a vote
little vote today button on there so if
they put a little button on the page
this says to vote and if you press it
it'll show you where your voting places
and had to vote they've shown that it
does move the dial
they're simply including a button that
says vote and tells you how moves things
I don't know 1% or something less than
1% but that less than 1% is far more
people than it takes to win a lot of
these close elections so it's actually
the difference between winning and
losing a major election and the
controversy is that now that they know
this putting that button does
move the vote why doesn't everyone see
it you see the problem apparently not
everyone got that button how did they
decide how did they decide who sees a
vote button well if the way they decided
was politically then they influenced the
election in a way that should be illegal
if the way they if the way they decided
was just the algorithm in other words
let's say there's just some algorithm
and it's a big complicated thing and
they they just said okay under these
conditions which may not have even been
political could have been people who
have shown an interest in politics it
could have been simply something like
that but what happens is if the people
don't know why let's say we'll say in a
different way if people are programming
an algorithm but they don't know what
the impact of that will be in other
words they don't know it's going to come
out the other end who is it who decided
the election was that the person who
programmed it but didn't really know how
any of these changes would influence the
election or was it the algorithm that
essentially in a way did the thinking
and essentially made the decision
because it's the thing that influenced
the election so we've got some really
big decisions coming and the reason that
these things are important is not
exactly just because Facebook is doing
it and they can influence things here's
what's changed we've we've learned how
to measure the impact of various signals
so if somebody runs an ad they can
measure exactly whether it works if they
change a headline a little bit they can
tell if more people clicked on it if
they change the background color of the
position on the page all of these things
can and are as a as a routine matter
they're all measured
and what that does is it gives the big
social media companies and that would
include the news media because they have
they have a page that they can
manipulate as well it gives those come
country those companies immense power
over assigning our opinions now I've
said this before and I love saying this
because people get really quiet when I
say it which means that it's true and
people don't want to argue against it
but nobody likes it and here it is for
the most part your opinions are assigned
it to you by your preferred media
sources nobody wants to hear that you're
your model of the world before you met
me probably was something along the
lines of I do my own research I try to
look at all the information and then I
make a decision but it's quite easy to
prove at this point that that's just not
the case
therefore by and large and this is why I
would say at least 80% of the public
they are assigned to their opinions
their opinions come to them from the
news it comes to them from social media
people don't come up with opinions if
you're still thinking that you're lost
in oh you're lost in 2015 you're you're
a few years behind the times if you
think people look at the look at the
data and come up with their own opinions
that's not a thing anymore we know
that's not a thing it can be proven
beyond beyond any doubt
science approves it so if you believe
that people come up with their own
opinions you are anti science because we
know that people get their opinions from
their their media sources and somebody
said I like you but you're arrogant I'm
arrogant when I'm right is that not
allowed
what's the ruling on that I'm not going
to deny I'm not going to deny my
arrogance
because that would be sort of denying
the obvious but I try to limit my
arrogance to situations where there's no
there's no real doubt that I'm right
alright if you see me arrogant on
something where nobody should be
positive you know a sort of situation
where let's say if I was absolutely
positive how the midterm elections would
come out well I could be right by
guessing but nobody really knew that you
know not in any detail so arrogance the
neck situation would be very bad
but suppose I'm telling you something
that I know beyond any doubt and it's
backed by science and you can observe it
yourself and there's no question about
it can you be arrogant and also a
hundred percent right in ways that
everybody can validate all right is it
what's that mean
what does it mean to be arrogant if
you're also right that's your question
for today now watching you probably saw
some on Twitter that Kirsten powers a
pundit on CNN has claimed and said this
as clearly as you could say it so she
was making sure everybody understood
this is really what she was saying she
said that just to be clear anyone who
voted for President Trump is a racist
and her argument is that since the
president's policies are racist if you
support racist policies therefore you're
racist so that would include all of the
black people who voted for President
Trump I realized there weren't a lot as
a percentage but there were a lot of
people you know there were a large
number of people that would include
every minority and so the question I
asked was you know can we extend this
principle
- if you watch batshit crazy people on
CNN does it make you batshit crazy you
know how much does this association
property work do you pick up all the
associations of anybody you've supported
in any way if you if you hire a plumber
and the plumbers a racist are you a
racist
because you're you're supporting that
plumber by hiring so but the diabolical
part is that the Kirsten powers frame
makes you think past the sale so if
you're thinking hey does that make you a
racist just because you voted for one
you've already thought passed the sale
the sale is our the president's policies
racist now here's the problem if you're
talking about immigration let's let's
say yeah I think immigration was the
primary thing that she's pointing to as
a racist policy what would be an example
of an immigration policy that is not
racist
can you make one would it be possible to
have an immigration policy that is not
racist nope it's not there's no such
thing as a non racist immigration policy
there are certainly policies that would
affect some groups more than others but
any policy that you come up with whether
it's Pro this or anti that or Pro this
or anti that even if has nothing to do
with race the functional outcome of it
is if some races will be favored over
others let's say for example we had the
fairest immigration policy you could
have and let's say it welfare fair
subjective so let me get rid of that
word let's say you had a policy that let
in skills-based people what would happen
well you would get mostly you would get
a higher percentage of Asian immigrants
when you if it's skills-based you
probably get a lot of Asians and a lot
of white people a lot of Jews isn't that
racist how can you have us how can you
have a skill-based policy that doesn't
skew toward one type of race or another
you can't do that that's not a thing
so having a skill-based policy would be
racist and outcome let's say you just do
nothing and you just let the first-come
first-serve
so if you can make it here you're on the
front of the line let's let's say that's
the policy if you can get here and the
caravan climb over a wall or whatever
however you get here you get your first
in line what would be the impact of that
racist right because that too would
guarantee that you had a certain
composition of people coming into the
country which would limit your ability
to bring in other people so you might
say oh we've got so many people coming
in over the border we can't let anybody
else in and suddenly you're not letting
in Chinese immigrants
there's Vietnamese immigrants what about
that so the OL I think the only way that
you could have a non racist immigration
policy is if he had no immigration
policy but even that would end up being
racist because in the normal course of
things more of something would come in
more of one race than another just by
chance and geography and economics and
and other reasons so there's no such
thing as a non racist immigration policy
including the policy of not having a
policy all of them have a racist outcome
or a racial outcome and if we're allowed
to say it doesn't matter what your
intentions were if we don't care about
what people's intentions are we just say
the outcome this is either racist or not
you're just looking at the facts it's
like oh we've got more elbow nians this
way it less elbow news is way that's
racist it doesn't matter what you were
thinking it matters what
the outcome is so if that's the standard
I'm not saying that should be the
standard I'm saying if it's the standard
and that I'm interpreting this from
Kirsten powers idea you're basically
racist all the time so in other words
you everybody in the world is a racist
because everybody has some kind of idea
of what to do on immigration and no
matter what your idea is it's gonna have
a racial outcome so it's all racist now
what is implied here but not said
directly is that it might have something
to do with people's intentions now
Kirsten didn't say that so I won't I
won't put that thought into her and then
argue it like she said it but plenty of
people have this feeling that the reason
that the president's immigration
policies are racist is not because of
the outcome but because of the intention
so in other words there's a mind-reading
element in which you can see things
which have never been spoken the person
denies are true that you can see them in
their mind I can tell and your seeker
thoughts you have racist feelings in
there so if you're deciding that
somebody's a racist not because of what
they're doing
because every immigration policy is
racist in outcome you know there's no
way to make it balanced if it's not the
outcome that you're judging what are you
judging if it's not what people say and
it's not what they do
what's left it is your personal opinion
of what those people are thinking so in
other words it's a fairly common
phenomenon that people are being judged
as racist not because of what they're
saying we're doing but rather what
strangers believe they're thinking
that's the world we live in and
mind-reading is not a thing it's not a
thing
and if and if it ever became a thing
we'd probably
we have to have a law against it so it's
not being a thing let's talk about our
favorite punching bags
sois well and AOC Alexandra Alexandra
Octavio Cortese now some of you are
watching in horror as I am as both of
these people Erick's well well and AOC
are using Trump's own persuasion
techniques completely successfully now I
have been blamed for three years of
agreeing with everything the president
says simply because I do note that his
persuasion technique is very powerful so
if you talk about somebody's persuasion
technique people think well you must
love everything about them or else you
could not be supporting them by saying
their technique is good let's grow up a
little bit and understand that we can
say somebody's technique is good without
endorsing all of their other qualities
and opinions we can do that right I
think we can do that so the thing that
President Trump did when he started
tiptoeing into wealth not tiptoeing when
he jumped into the election was he said
things so provocative and so impractical
that you couldn't take your eyes off him
and he made all the other competitors of
vanish now why he did was he said we're
going to deport 14 million people there
were enough people who believed that to
be true and then enough people who
believed it to be terrible and racist
that it's all we could talk about and I
told you from the very start from the
very start I told you often and clearly
and publicly and consistently that will
never happen so there is no scenario in
which 14 million people will be dragged
out of their homes at gunpoint and
deported they said it's not practical
nobody thinks this can happen it's just
politics and persuasion and the
important part is
in the first part of the process when
it's not a general election you're only
trying to persuade your own team of
crazies all right you're trying to get
the people who will believe anything to
get on your team and I don't mean to be
unkind but if you ever believe that
Trump was really going to deport a
fourteen million people you kind of on
the crazy team you know you're on the
other side not a crazy team but it's the
crazy team all right that was never real
likewise when swallow well says he wants
people to give up their their guns and
he was talking about a buyback and that
sort of thing he was not talking about
knocking on doors and taking guns away
but simply noted that the government has
the power to do that they do have the
power it would be a mess and it would be
the worst idea in the world but when you
look at swallow well what are you saying
that's crazy
that's crazy right if you're looking at
a swallow well his incredibly aggressive
ask on on firearms if you're looking at
that and saying he is crazy let's talk
about swallowing some more like I am
right now right let's talked about him
some more and how crazy he is you're
playing right into his trap
you are making him the most notable
person on this topic you're making him
the leader on his side and his side is
probably saying something like hey
finally somebody saying what we're
thinking so SWA well whose opinions I do
not agree with just let me put this out
here as clearly as possible I'm Pro
Second Amendment and I'm no expert on
what the best details are but I do think
you could try things in different states
or different locales and just see what
works without violating the Constitution
I think you could test something small
however yet so if you don't like SWA
Wells opinions on things I get it I'm
not even arguing anything
his policies by his technique is doing
to the Republicans exactly what Trump
was doing to Democrats at this stage
making him crazy because they believe he
means what he's saying
likewise with a or C she is making sure
that she is the the most provocative
voice out there and she was recently I
almost I almost canceled somebody there
but I won't do that so the point is if
you keep falling for the same trick that
Trump made the other side fall into
don't say you're not warned what you're
doing is making these two people the
most important people in their own party
by giving them attention now should you
do that doesn't matter you can't help it
that's why it works it works because you
can't help yourself
look at me I'm talking about him I
tweeted about him I've tweeted both of
them like three times in the last week
do I want to well I mean sort of what I
do I talk about this stuff but it's kind
of irresistible and so do not confuse
technique for being actually crazy
because the President had lots of
technique and now we can see that his
actual governing is you know pretty much
you know normal you know if you don't
like his tweets that's one thing but in
terms of the policies and the judges he
fixes and everything it's pretty normal
stuff alright and I notice will you the
Kamala Harris has now escaped to traps
traps might be the wrong word but
remember when Kamala Harris was grilling
Cavanaugh and she said some things that
the people on the right said my god I
look terrible of you but she's still
around
then she asked the KKK question to the
the potential what is he homeland guy I
forget what she was talking to but and
now we're saying Kamala
how dare you compare the KKK to ice now
of course if you listen to the full
context of her question it was very
specific which was do you understand
that people feel feel without she didn't
talk about reason she didn't talk about
logic
she said you understand that people feel
the ice is sort of like a KKK just in
the very limited sense that it makes
them feel like they're racially targeted
now that's a yeah it's a bad question
it's a political question it's a
grandstanding question it's a persuasion
question and people on the right around
Lee criticized her do you think that
will take her out of contention for the
presidency nope
you know in the same way that was
compare it compare Spartacus - what
Kamala Harris is doing the Spartacus
comment made Cory Booker look so
ridiculous that that might actually take
him out of contention for the presidency
but Kamala Harris is a has found two
pretty serious sort of public brand
problems and I would argue that the only
people who care about them so far are
the people who weren't going to vote for
her anyway so my guess is that Kamala
has a little bit of the Teflon about her
now I'm hearing a lot of people online
accusing her of sleeping her way to
power meaning that I guess Willie Brown
was her boyfriend for a while or
something like that
now that that accusation strikes me as a
trap so I don't make that accusation
because here's the thing
you don't know why anybody did what they
did isn't it entirely possible that
those two people just liked each other
and that that it also helped her I mean
they could have just liked each other
you can't rule that out
I say that because you know my own
situation
very few people look at Christina and me
and say oh they actually like each other
well this is actually the last thing
that people suspect which happens to be
the truth the truth is for whatever
reason we're just very compatible and a
lot of levels so did his wife like her
yeah you could certainly do your judging
about her or moral character and her
personal life but who does that remind
you of doesn't that remind you of the
President of the United States don't you
think the world is ready to give people
a pass for that kind of thing it seems
to me that her personal life is just not
going to that her that Kamala's personal
life is just not going to stop her you
know what whatever little dirty stuff is
back there because most of us most of us
have a little bit of something we wish
we hadn't done somewhere in our past so
there's a bit of a Teflon coating that's
forming around Kamala Harris so this is
what you should look for the ones who
can make it end of the pack are not the
ones who have no mistakes they are the
ones who are saying Spartacus and
they're the ones who are claiming Native
American ancestry with not much evidence
to prove it and the oldest people are
just looking foolish and there's
evidence that maybe
they were weakened by these things but
Kamala Harris I would argue has not been
weakened by any of these attacks about
the the Willie Brown thing I don't think
makes any difference the comparing to
KKK thing this could be very popular or
on her side her team is gonna like it
and that's all this going to matter and
the Cavanaugh questioning very popular
on her team
that's all that matters so she's got a
little bit of a Teflon thing going on
meaning that the things she does that
cause trouble or they have a different
nature than the things that cause
trouble for other people the Spartacus
thing trivializes the person who said it
it just turns it into something the KKK
stuff just seems like hardball politics
it doesn't it doesn't seem weak it
doesn't seem silly you just hate it
because it's unfortunately it's kind of
effective her attacks are racist and her
team likes it
I think that's a fair characterization
yeah I think I think the Democrats will
go full racist I mean I feel like I feel
like they've signal my right haven't the
Democrats pretty much said that they
will be the racist party I mean I think
they're saying it directly now now
obviously in this context racist means
managing according to race now in their
view they're just trying to make an
unfair world more fair get more
representation you know adjust for
things that have not been fair in the
past so they're their frame on it is
different but I don't think you'd
question the basic premise that race
will be a primary thrust and once again
it will not be the primary thrust of the
Republicans
are they wanting to shame everyone into
voting solely on race well I never agree
with soly in any question I suppose
sometimes it could be true but generally
there's no solely people do things for a
lot of reasons
Biden Harris Joe Biden will not be your
next president I feel confident about
that the reason Joe Biden won't be your
next president is because he's like a
weak version of Trump so even though
they have different policies people are
as policy driven as they should be right
they're gonna look at the people and and
Biden is sort of the boring weak gaffe
prone shoulder rubbing too much version
of Trump so if you're gonna run against
Trump you either need somebody who's so
completely different from Trump Kamala
Harris would be an example a OC would be
an example they're just the anti Trump
or you have to have somebody who's like
Trump but a better version could you
find a better version of Trump
maybe mm-hmm it's possible Bloomberg's
too boring too short too boring too
white he would not yeah Bernie avenatti
now none of them so correct me if I'm
wrong are we how many people have taken
themselves out in a competition so a
vanadis kind of an of it I think
Spartacus is out of it I think
Pocahontas is on it out of it is it
everybody who's gotten a nickname is out
of it
Spartacus Pocahontas and creepy porn
lawyer every everybody who's got a bad
nickname is already out of it what is
what does Kamala Harris is nicknamed
doesn't have one right the Kabbalah
Harris doesn't have a nickname that
actually means something it shouldn't
mean anything right in the old days that
wouldn't mean anything but it actually
means something now it only means
something crazy Kamala now because she
doesn't Kamala does not register as
crazy she registers as smart and that's
the problem whenever you watch your
talking no matter what you think of her
politics no matter what you think of her
on a morality her ethics you know that
those are all the normal things
everybody complains about but one of the
things you don't think when Kamala
Harris is talking is that she's dumb you
don't really think that because she
comes across as smart no matter what so
I would watch out for her she had
somebody said she has a great voice I
think that's right
she doesn't she does have a good public
voice that's actually true that's it and
that's a bigger deal than you think it
is because if somebody's if the actual
sound of somebody's voice is grating on
people that's a big deal it's a big deal
and I would agree with that comment that
her voice is right in the pocket it
doesn't offend in any way
I also have a theory that having a
non-standard name gives you an advantage
so if your name is baito
you have an advantage if your name is
Barack you have an advantage if your
name is kamala you have an advantage and
the advantage is that when you when you
try to deal with
tulsi gabbard that's another advantage
when you're trying to wrestle with a
non-standard name anything that's not
not you know Bob or Donald that that is
sticks in your head and it makes that
person you know come up above the noise
just because the name sticks in your
head somebody is saying there I've seen
a lot of people suggest that people
stick the KKK name to Kamala Harris
literally the worst idea you could ever
have if you're trying to make him
nickname for Kamala Harris by sticking
KKK to it because there's a K there
because she mentioned the KKK keep in
mind the KKK references work before her
not against her because if you're if
you're looking at a black woman running
for president and you're thinking about
the KKK that helps her because nobody's
going to say oh I think there's a black
supporter of the KKK though but nobody
thinks that right but they're going to
think oh there's a big problem in the
country maybe this is a solution so
Tulsi Gabbard is a hundred percent
running well that could be interesting
Newt yeah there's another one Newt
Gingrich his first name Newt absolutely
makes him stand out you remember him
what's in my coffee this morning
goodness alright that's all for now from
the guy who can't even remember Octavio
you're correct
so AOC as I caller Alexandre Octavio
Cortes is a perfect example where the
difficulty of remembering and
pronouncing your name correctly helps
her brand does it makes you think about
it whenever there's a mistake that
you're focusing on you're being
persuaded there's a good book on that
which I'll recommend another time and I
think that's all I have to say I'll talk
to you tomorrow that's all for now bye