[Music]
[Music]
hey hey everybody glad you could make it
come on in gather round
we're going to set fire to the Republic
today it's time to go on offense I'm not
happy I'm not happy with the way things
are going I'll tell you about that but
not until we have a little simultaneous
septum what do you need to do that well
not much not much really all you need is
a cover of margaret glass of tanker
cello sir stein that canteen jug or
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid that like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine to the day the
thing that makes everything better
this simultaneous sip go mmm tastes
better than Trump pillows you know what
Trump pills are right the Trump pills
are the name I'm giving the combination
of pills that are that hydroxy
chloroquine and azithromycin and zinc
because I really hate writing those down
and I hate pronouncing them so from this
day forward hashtag trumpet pills
let's hope they work and for his sake
all right like I've talked about some
fun things and then some serious things
this podcast which so this periscope
gets turned into a YouTube for replay
that you can see it on periscope and
replay but it also gets turned into just
an audio only and this week we at number
77 on iTunes so if all the podcasts in
the world of which I got I think they're
quite a few we've cracked the top
hundred and it's number 77
it's good the New York Times has an
article today that just got lost because
you know nobody cares about anything
except the coronavirus but there's this
researcher who figured out how to
reverse aging so while you are watching
the crisis you know there's somebody
over at a lab somewhere else like oh I
just cured old age now is it real well
we've heard this a few times maybe not
but at least that the son
Celie cellular level they've figured out
how to reverse the age cell now it's it
might take them a while to see if they
can ramp that up into some kind of
medicine that humans can use I don't
know if they'll get there or not but has
just found that in the middle of this
crisis the most dramatically at least
potentially positive thing in the in the
history of human civilization just
happened and nobody freaking cares we
don't care about it right now
no baby is good maybe it's good news not
know so I said last night and I'll say
it again in case anybody missed my
periscope last night the president
putting the Easter date on this is just
brilliant it's it's good managing it's
good leadership I said I said it before
it happened
that we need at least their best guess
it can change it can change you know if
we need to make it shorter or longer I
can change but it's really important to
have an estimate out there and now we
have it and I love the fact that the
president picked Easter because it
associates
you know the resurrection with our
economy be giving its resurrection it's
just sort of perfect so I'm gonna give
some harsh grades today to the to the
administration but I want to start with
the good news so so I'm not just all
Angry all day the good news is I think
setting the date is brilliant I think
closing Li a China travel earlier was
brilliant
I think closing the European travel
strong move I think the team is very
strong I like the I like the the updates
every day there was a great
and there's a ton of stuff happening all
right so there's a whole bunch of stuff
if you're being fair you know if you can
remove yourself from the politics a
little bit there's a whole bunch of
stuff that the administration is really
doing well but there are things that
aren't and we'll talk about those and
what to do about it but first I'd like
to point out and this will dovetail into
the the meat of the conversation I've
been saying for a while that the the
Republic has evolved no longer do we
elect smart people have them ride their
horse off to Washington and makes of
oats for us maybe we find out someday
what they did that was the original
system it was fine in a world with no
social media and people were that
connected communication wise but now we
are and I've argued that the the
Republic has already evolved so the
social media is effectively running the
country for anything the social media
cares enough about you know there's 99%
of government we don't really care about
it's you know collecting the garbage
sort of stuff but for the 1% that we get
excited about and the public can
understand at some level the public is
driving the car if you want to see a
good example of that you just saw one of
the best ones you'll ever see which is
when Pelosi and Schumer parachuted into
town to kill the relief deal by adding a
bunch of pork to it
that's business as usual usually usually
you know the whole concept of making
laws is if you have a funding bill
everybody throws their pork on there and
it's actually part of the process
because if you can't get the senator
from this state to vote for it maybe you
can't get anything passed and the only
way you can bribe that senator is to you
know fund a military you know military
base in this district or something like
that so the pork has a functional
purpose and mostly the public just says
I hate it but I got other things to
think
about just you know make something
happen it doesn't have to be perfect
yeah I know there's pork and sort of
useful but it's not I'll just let that
go but in the middle of a national
emergency our totally out of touch
leaders Pelosi and Schumer and really
they are so disconnected from the
zeitgeist that they they failed to read
the room in a way that's just astounding
because right in front of us they flew
into town and they just they just broke
the system to throw some pork in there
so what happened well of course the
Republicans complained but they weren't
complaining to the Democrats they
complained to their bosses the
Republicans took it up to their bosses
no not the president the president is
not the boss of Congress you are you are
the bosses of Congress and what happened
when the Republicans kicked it up to
their bosses well we weren't happy were
we because in this case the pork is not
okay it's not okay with the Democrats
it's not okay with the Republicans and
and let me let me propose a rule for you
something to watch if you see Mark Cuban
using gross profanity on social media
telling telling the government to get
his act together as he did and you see
me using gross profanity in exactly the
same mission it's probably gonna happen
in other words if you can piss off Mark
Cuban and me at the same time you're
probably pissing off everybody all right
you're probably pissing off everybody
and if we get that mad so that we're
gonna just take the filter off and say
as we tend I don't want to repeat the
words but as Mark Cuban put it in in the
cleanest most leadership way and by the
way he's a superstar this this he's
doing great
he said this do your f and job and I
don't need any details that's the
beginning of the conversation and that's
the end of the conversation I don't want
to hear because I don't want to hear you
can't do it I want to hear about the
process I don't hear why it's a good
idea to do it your way
nope just do your effing job and you saw
that it looks like they took the pork
out of there and they're getting it done
now this is the cleanest example you've
seen of the Republic is not he is not
the elected people in charge they're
only in charge when you and I don't care
and we're not watching but when we care
and we understand the topic you know
this was easy pork no pork and we're
engaged
you're elected you're elected people are
not in charge not even close
you the public made them change their
mind right in front of you there's no
question about what happened the
Democrats did not cave to the
Republicans they caved to you
you the public you're in charge this is
important for what I'm going to talk
about in a moment so here's what Pelosi
said this is an actual quote from her
talking about you know the the pork that
she tried to put into the bill yeah I
think this is yesterday and she said
this quote there is a whole concern in
our country what what is a whole concern
are there such things as partial
concerns the first part of her sentence
is literally babble it's actually
nonsense and it doesn't get better so
here it is there's a whole concern in
our country what the does that mean
sorry that if you're giving tens of
billions of dollars to the airlines okay
that's just the fact that we could at
least have a shared value about what
happens to the environment what that
sentence doesn't make any sense
Nancy you're not reading the room you're
not serving the public and I'm sorry
you're not even making sense you can't
be our leader
so from here until
the crisis has passed she's not in
charge you are do you want that in
charge do you do you want decisions
about your life and death made by
somebody who's a hundred years old and
can't put a sentence together in
public no you don't want Joe
Biden and you don't want
decomposing Nancy Pelosi who can't put a
 sentence together they're not in
charge and we're done with them we're
done with them because you the people
you can tell them what to do now all
right so do it it worked the first time
they it looks like some kind of stimulus
bill is gonna come but it wasn't because
they did the job no it was because you
did the job you did the job they didn't
do the job so that's the number one
complaint I got more number two I've
been saying for several days can the
government to give us some visibility on
their supply supply pipeline for these
critical medical supplies at least tell
us how many you need tell us how many
you have and then give us some
visibility doesn't have to be perfectly
accurate for some sense of the pipeline
you have noticed that that has not
happened although I did hear one
estimate that New York City thinks they
need 20,000 ventilators and they got to
4,000 but that still doesn't tell you
the story right doesn't tell you the
story because how many are in the
pipeline
how many can they get right you're
flying blind who is in charge you are
you're in charge all right you're
watching it yourself you're in charge
and what information do you have to make
a decision about ventilators none none
it's been several days and your
government can't tell you how many we
need how many we have and what's in the
pipeline failure failure that's
simple
 all right that's simple tell
us the basics if you can't do that
failure all right how do it how are we
supposed to know what to do how are we
supposed to mobilize how am I supposed
to know should I find a way to help
making ventilators or should I find a
way to help making masks because I could
probably help I don't know
because I don't know what we have I
don't know what what's missing so why do
we have this situation well let me tell
you so we got those War Powers Act if we
had done it the standard way the
government would say you factory or
makin masks you I don't care if you
don't like it it's a War Powers Act
you're making ventilators you're making
this if we had done it that way that's
the old traditional way our government
would know what we have what we're
making what we need you know what's in
the pipeline if the government
controlled and just said you factory you
factory you factory how many can you
make all right you can make 5,000 I'll
add that to my list but instead the
president has taken another approach it
has it has some benefits so I'm not
going to say this is a mistake I'm gonna
tell you what problems it caused which
is different from saying it was the
wrong path so he's gone with apparently
there was so much voluntary cooperation
from voluntary cooperation from
companies which is great so that's the
good news
Apple 3m basically every company that
could you know stood up and offered
something so that's all good news right
great news all these companies stepping
up to do something except because of
that we have no visibility I don't
believe there's anybody in the
government who has visibility of all the
companies who have stepped up and what
they're doing and what should be done so
because we're doing it this way instead
of the government saying you factory
make 20,000 you factory make 30,000 in
which case the government would know
exactly what's in the pipeline I don't
think they know and I think we have a
system in which they can't know because
it's people acting independently and
just trying to figure
here's what I recommend for a solution
since we've already gone this path we're
not we're not going to reverse it now
but that's the path we're on so here's
how to fix it there have been a number
of apps and websites built by people
spontaneous you know just people saying
I think there's a need to connect
doctors to other doctors somebody
somebody built that slack channel
somebody else said I think there's a
need to connect the people who are
making stuff where the people we're
buying stuff and somebody built that
that's our even existence but here's my
problem we may have more than one of
those in other words we may have
duplicated effort but now I need my
leadership
I need my president do at the next task
force to say these are the ones we're
gonna endorse because they're probably a
number of websites that are trying to do
the same thing oh yeah just Patriots
jumping in what is confused the field at
this point somebody in an administration
has to say here are the five apps and
websites that everybody should use thank
you thank you thank you for all the
people who use the other ones built them
jumped in and tried to help thank you
thank you thank you but we got to get
everything on the same platform
otherwise we're flying blind so we got
to know what's in the pipeline and we
got to get it all on the same app and
your your leadership is not asked for
that
as far as I know that's an F sorry I'm
grading tough today that's enough for
visibility to the public because the
public is going to have to have a big
role in running this this war and if
we're flying blind we can't help all
right here's my big problem with what
we're doing as a strategy and you're not
going to like to hear this but I'm just
going to be as honest as I can today our
strategy to fight this virus looks a lot
like the Obama strategy for Afghanistan
if the Obama strategy for Afghanistan
was apparently that if somebody in the
field on the battlefield said hey looks
like we found somebody to target they
would have to run it all the way up to
the chain and I don't know if Obama had
to say yes or somebody at the top and by
the time they didn't word came back the
situation had changed so it was
impossible to fight the war the way the
people on the ground knew it should be
fought because they weren't in charge it
was all centralized that appears to be
the same bad strategy that we're
using against the virus and here's what
I mean right now the guidelines are that
if you have some symptoms you you can
get a test if you don't have symptoms
you can't get a test but if you have
symptoms you can get a test can you get
the meds well you can get the meds if
the test comes back and says that you've
got the corona virus how long does that
take
five days ish because the tests are all
centralized and the whole process of you
know who gets a pill and under what
condition is centralized so the FDA has
these guidelines about now you've got to
you've got to actually you know show in
a test that takes five days you got to
show that you've got symptoms or that
you really have the corona virus and
then your doctor baby can give you some
off-label meds all right so that's our
situation that's the Afghanistan
strategy so while you're waiting for
your test for five days you
could die is that hypothetical no no
that's not a hypothetical people are
 dying because we've got an
Afghanistan strategy meaning that you
and the doctor can't make a battlefield
decision right that's the guidelines you
and your doctor can't make a battlefield
decision you got to run it up to the FDA
what's the FDA say well you got to get a
test can I get a test I don't know
sometimes they work sometimes they don't
they've got to go through the state labs
these old state official labs are they
are they geared up to be able to do the
volume no can they gear up to do the
volume probably not you have a
completely failed strategy and play
it's the Afghanistan strategy we know it
doesn't work you got to bring down the
control to the doctor and the patient
and I'm going to tell you how to get
those meds from your doctor so I'm going
to save the lives of everybody who's
watching this in the sense that your
risk from the coronavirus is going to go
from a little bit too big to something
closer to zero I'm going to tell you how
to get the the meds from your doctor I'm
gonna break the government alright at
least for you so you're gonna be freed
of these government restrictions in a
while in a way that will work absolutely
okay
I'll get to that in a moment so we've
got a testing process in which we can't
do these home testing so so you're not
allowed to have a test kit at home swab
yourself and mail it in or drop it off
someplace which would be completely safe
you actually have to go to a facility
that's steaming and coronavirus and in
fact your doctor may be the worst and
then wait five days while you may or may
not suddenly turn bad and die
while you're waiting for your goddamn
 incompetent government to run
the Afghanistan war strategy on a
goddamn virus it's the wrong strategy
I'm gonna break it right now okay so the
strategy doesn't apply to you anymore
and I'll tell you why but but you're
free of it and here's why everybody who
is in the know knows that the meds work
I'll call them the Trump pills because I
think it's funny it's easier to
pronounce
you know the hydroxychloroquine the
Zefram Isis and the zinc I'm here to
tell you I have more information than
you have about most things in other
words I'm pretty tapped in to the
collective brain of the world at this
point largely because of this process
and I can tell you that pretty much all
the doctors are prescribing it to
themselves pretty much all the doctors
are making sure they have enough
they're family I betcha you're not gonna
see one famous person die from
this disease unless they have underlying
conditions why because every famous
person gets this drug as soon as they go
into his symptoms do you know no you
don't you go into the symptoms and they
say well you have to take your test
where is the test we don't have it but
maybe I can get one and then I'll test
you sometimes the test works that
sometimes they don't but it's gonna take
five days and you might drown in your
own lung juice while you're
waiting there's a celebrity do that no
does a billionaire wait for the test not
one time every billionaire
already has this drug I thought I was
kind of playing it cool for a while
because I thought wow there must be some
kind of shortage of the drug now I know
what you're thinking you're saying but
Scott Scott Scott it's not proven let me
let me let me tell you the cost-benefit
here these drugs are widely available
you could probably get them at Walmart I
don't recommend getting them if you
don't have symptoms because that that
breaks the whole country right if you
hoard them it'll be hard to get them
without symptoms but probably if you
tried really hard you could do it I just
don't recommend it but the moment you
give symptoms I'm gonna tell you how to
get it before you get the test all right
it's not allowed it's not recommended
but I'll tell you how to do it so stay
tuned
so here's the trade-off we know that
this is a well tolerated drug we know
that if you're taking a short term
probably the worst case scenario is you
get a little diarrhea and maybe a little
nausea no big deal
compared to drowning in your own lung
juice all right which is the other
potentially possibility we know that
everywhere around the world is being
used they're pretty happy about it for
twenty dollars in the risk of a little
bit of diarrhea are you going to take
five days of risk of dying from the
corona virus plus giving it to everybody
you touch no you're not so let me tell
you how to convince your doctor to skip
the test
and give you the meds alright I'm
getting lit up lit up by some messages
from somebody who knows I'm on periscope
okay
somebody says where's your proof none if
you're asking for proof you're a
idiot
let me give you the let me give you the
the trade-off the trade-off is it costs
about $20 for a widely available drug
it's worst case scenario because we've
been using it for years is that if you
took it for a long time there might be
some issues for a short time couple
weeks or whatever the regimen is
basically no side effects and if all
your doctors are using it and all the
tests are showing that it works oh wait
you say did you see that did you see the
study that that followed some people and
said it didn't work you probably saw
that in the news right bloomberg
reported it Bloomberg do you know where
the study came from China there was a
Chinese University the only one who says
it doesn't work huh in the middle of
 China using a massive
disinformation campaign to lie about
every goddamn part of this virus
situation they lied about how much a
good problem was and that they had it
they are lying now about their
statistics they're lying about the
United States being maybe responsible
for it and I guaran-fucking-tee you that
that study the key men if a Chinese
university was disinformation can I
prove it no but are you gonna believe
anything China tells you about the virus
today no look at every other source and
they all point in the same direction
every one only one points on the other
direction China a very small Chinese
University which of course is owned by
the government so don't
or this drug but hearsay again it let me
let let me tell you the persuasion
technique you go in to your doctor and
you've you've clearly got the symptoms
you know you know what the symptoms are
you've clearly got them your doctor says
yes I agree
it might not be coronavirus but you do
have the symptoms here's how you
convince your doctor to give you the
drugs the first thing you need to know
is that you need to go in there
well-informed if your doctor even sniffs
that you know less about this situation
than the doctor you might not get them
so job one is to know more than the
doctor or at least as much just about
this very narrow you know drug
application and that's not hard so I'll
tell you what to know to prove to your
doctor that you understand enough to get
it off label because I can give it to
you legally off label without a test so
they don't go to jail if they give you
the jug it's legal but the guidelines
say you wait for the test don't wait for
the don't wait for the test that is your
doctor that that waiting from the test
is the Afghanistan Obama strategy to let
some centralized things slow down the
process that you know needs to be fast
all right here are the things you want
to tell your doctor number one every
doctor either is taking it planning to
take it or has already stockpiled it
look at your doctor in the eyes
and say tell me you won't take this for
yourself if you get the symptoms look me
in the eye and tell me that you're gonna
wait five days for a test if your spouse
starts a dry cough you liar
because if you tell me that you wouldn't
give your spouse that on day one you're
just lying
alright now you don't call you your
doctor a liar yet but they are a
 liar if they say no no I'd wait
for the test because that's what the FDA
said no no doctor anywhere in the world
will wait for the test
if their own spouse has a dry cough in
the middle of the coronavirus crisis and
don't believe anybody who says otherwise
secondly other countries are massively
taking it we know this to be true it's
not a coincidence the other thing is
that you should know that the costs the
cost of the regimen for getting the
drugs it's about a twenty dollar cost
for the entire cycle that you would be
on it twenty dollars
I think you've or take you know the
prices are all over the place what does
it cost of a test a thousand dollars
right do you do you think you should
take a twenty dollar test that you can
take immediately and take the odds of
you worsening down to a pretty low
according to anecdotally everything
that's happening or do you want to take
a thousand-dollar test and wait five
days and you might be dead before the
test comes in there's no question which
is smart so make sure your doctor knows
that the pills cost twenty dollars and
that the test cost a thousand and then
here's the kill shot and here's the kill
shot don't leave this one out because
you know so that so the high ground
manoeuvre is the show that you
understand you know the costs and the
risks as much as the doctor does and
here's an expert the disease progresses
quickly that's that's the end of your
persuasion the disease progresses
quickly there are plenty of anecdotes
that your doctor will be familiar with
them of somebody who wasn't that bad and
suddenly you know it's time for the
ventilator so your doctor knows that if
you show that you know it too
then you have said I have potentially a
deadly disease it could kill me before
the test comes in it is legal for you to
give it off-label
I will go literally insane if
I'm worrying about this for five days
because remember doctor you're not just
treating my body you're treating my mind
and if I don't get this drug
and I have to wait five days I'm gonna
 flip out and here's the next
part doctor and by the way this next
thing I have used and I know this works
doctor here's the deal
I am going to get that drunk if you
prescribe it to me that's the preferred
situation because you're my doctor and
you can you can monitor my whole
situation but if you don't give it to me
I'm gonna walk out of here and I'm gonna
get it I'll get it on the black market
which can be done I'm gonna shop for a
doctor to give it to me who won't know
as much about me but here's the thing
doctor that I need you to understand by
the end of today I'm going to be on that
drug I would prefer it to you
because I know you can I know it's legal
and I know you're allowed to use your
judgement when to use it and when to not
you clear you oh you know that I know
understand the field you know that I've
looked at the cost of the benefits and
you know that although we don't have the
long-term tests that it's such a low
risk it would be absolutely insane not
to give it to me how many of your
doctors are going to give it to you well
either everyone or find another doctor
so your ability to find a doctor that
will give you this with that you know
with that preamble you have to use the
persuasion so you might want to you know
bookmark this and play it back and write
it down did you want to get all the
points you need to know all the costs
you need to know the risks you need to
know that it's a fast-moving disease you
need to know that the labs are going to
take five days and that the risk reward
is simple and very importantly you have
to know that the doctors themselves are
prescribing it to themselves because
that that's that's where the end of the
conversation if you can get your doctor
to say yeah I'd give it to my spouse
under this situation because they would
they would I looked at the language for
the right to try now the right to try
act does not cover this situation the
right to try was a 20-18 law this said
that if you've tried all other allowed
treatments and they didn't work
and you're willing to at least oh and
you're not able to go into a clinical
trial so if you can go into a clinical
trial you sort of have to but then you
might get the placebo right so that's
the risk but this right to try says that
if you if for some reason you can't be
in the trial and you've tried everything
else under those conditions you could
try an experimental drug that has not
gone through phase one trials now does
this apply to the Trump pills and the
answer is no it does not but and the
reasons it doesn't is because it just
doesn't quite fit the description of
what's happening here and I'm pretty
sure that the lawyers would agree that
this isn't quite meant for this
situation it doesn't quite cover it but
in in attitude it does in in the let's
say the the spirit of the law it
absolutely does right
the spirit of the law is that if you
think you've got a deadly you know
something that could kill you
you get to be a little more flexible at
least if you using common sense about
you know what you know and what you
don't know and what the risks are well
this is exactly that so it doesn't fit
the right to try but it is the right to
try I mean it is the right to try you
know you as a citizen have the right to
try now if you're paying attention
you'll see that what I have done is I've
taken power from the government so your
government is telling you to pursue the
Afghanistan strategy wave five days for
your test oh don't do the test at home
that's got to be centralized and don't
get the drug when it would be a smart
idea in terms of risk reward now get
away for the test
Obama Afghanistan strategy don't don't
do it
take control all right so all of you who
have heard my experience now are largely
safe from the Krone
because everything that we've heard and
by the way you should keep your social
isolation like crazy it doesn't mean you
should take risks that would that would
be stupid
speaking of stupid dan Patrick what does
he lieutenant governor or something of
Texas I said this before but I'm gonna
pile on because britt hume considered
that dan patrick had an entirely
reasonable viewpoint there's a lot of
pushback in social media to that so i
want to weigh in so Dan Patrick's point
of view was that people over seventy you
would be willing to take the risk of
sort of normalized than the economy
because even though they're the ones
most likely to die they also want to
leave a functioning economy for their
grandchildren and children and so dan
Patrick was saying quite bravely that he
would take that risk because it's for
the greater good here's my problem with
that it's not for the greater good it's
not if it were for the greater good I
would say well that's pretty noble you
know I I would have like a ton of
respect for something you said you know
I'm in the danger zone and even I'm
gonna take a chance because I don't want
it to hurt the rest of you but that's
not what's happening if if the 70 year
olds leave the house and go back to work
some number of them are going to fill
our hospitals and that's my problem
that's my problem so dan Patrick you're
not taking a risk on yourself which
would be fine you know taking a personal
risk for the greater good well that's
that's sort of the ultimate the the
ultimate hero move right so that would
be great
but he's not doing that he's taking a
risk for us so he can get out of the
house now I realize it's good for the
grandchildren as well but Dan Patrick I
want you to stay home if you're asking
me what I want you know what's good for
me what's good for you know my grandkids
I want you to stay the home stay
the home
don't don't become a casualty and fill
up my ICU I might need that if I get a
heart attack so stay the home and
Brit Hume who is I have to say one of
the most consistently reasonable voices
on social media I mean really you know
whenever whenever I see a Brit Hume
tweet I always read that thing if he
tweets an article I always read it he's
just one of the better
yeah you know he sees the whole field I
mean it's just just one of the best
people talking about anything on TV but
I don't think it's a reasonable a few
points it's reasonable for him to take a
risk for himself but not on our behalf
so here's what we need I think the
public is going to need the to leave the
argument about reopening and I think
it's already happening if you ask me the
the president picking a date and getting
a little more aggressive about opening
is a response to the public I don't
think that's just because smart people
in the government said Oh some of us
think you ought to open some of us down
we're trying to work it out I don't
think it's that I think the public is
driving that date you know the the
government has to give us a date but I
think the public is driving give us a
date everything's better when you have a
date because once you've removed some
uncertainty yeah there's always some but
you've removed a lot of uncertainty is
this a six-month thing we're a two-month
thing you know it's closer to two than
six
that's what removing a lot of
uncertainty so that should be a you know
a big boost let's see what the stock
market's doing today
stock markets
look in it's a little mixed we got some
ups we got some downs I would expect
that yeah you should it should look
mixed today that would be expected
because yesterday was a big update all
right so let's say go break the system
here's the thing if enough of you
demanded the drug without the test
that's the law you get that right if
nothing you go to your doctor's and are
perfectly reasonable and by the way
you're not cheating you're just being
smart you and your doctor can have a you
can have an honest conversation about
risk and reward you're allowed to do
that you're not breaking any laws so go
do it go break the system break the
system by the a day from now I want to
hear that anybody with symptoms is
getting that drug I don't want to hear
that people are unwisely waiting five
days just bully your doctor push them I
know there's I know there's at least one
person watching right now who doesn't
want to hear the doesn't want to hear
the sentence and bully your doctor but
let me be as clear as I can on bully
your doctor and for your own good
yeah and if your doctor can't be bullied
and don't be a jerk about it you don't
need to be you just need to lay out the
case and it should be fine you don't
have to be you know have to actually be
a bully or actually be a joke jerk but
get what you want or go somewhere else
and get it but get what you want you
don't have to worry about not getting it
all right let's see I saw so here's some
CNN fake news
so CNN had a headline that says a
physician on Trump's request : it's
really impossible so if you saw this
headline physician on Trump's request
now the topic was Trump was mentioning
that maybe some of the n95 masks not all
of them but some of them could be
sterilized and reused so that's that's
Trump's request so CNN Headline
physician on Trump's request it's really
impossible so you play the video and you
expect to hear a physician say that it's
impossible to sterilize any and 95 masks
and so you play it and it's not there
it's actually not there there's
nothing in the interview in which this
doctor said of Trump's request it's
really impossible didn't use those words
didn't use words to that effect
basically just changed the subject
because it's just the doctor she's now
some this random physician that you know
who has some expertise about the disease
probably does not have expertise on
designing and testing and sanitizing n95
masks and to her credit did not offer an
opinion because she's a doctor and she's
not an expert on sanitizing and 95 masks
of some types I'm pretty sure nobody is
because nobody's really had to worry
about it before so this is just
grotesquely fake news it the headline
doesn't have any any correlation with
the actual story it's crazy so Prince
Charles apparently got the corona virus
seems to be feeling good what are the
odds that he has already received the
Trump pills they could call that they
might call it something different in
England what are the odds in the
comments Prince Charles has coronavirus
what are the odds he's not already
taking the $20 regimen of Trump pills
 zero zero those are
exactly the odds not one percent that
he's not taking him not two percent he's
 taking him so gay so if you if
you get you know those symptoms don't
get your pills alright
that's about all I have to I don't know
if masks can be sterilized by the way
I'm just saying that the CNN headline
was fake I think I've said what I want
to say traffic seems to be pretty heavy
right now so I'll say it again in an
emergency you know leaders emerge you've
got you've got your president you've got
your head of your FDA you've got you
know a head of the CDC a lot of leaders
emerge in a crisis
but that does not absolve you of your
responsibility to also be a leader you
also get to be a leader all right now
you can lead in your household you can
lead on social media you can lead in any
number of ways but you don't get to not
be one all right this is not a spectator
sport
so lead it's time for the people to take
the decision away from the government
the government is giving you an
Afghanistan strategy for testing you
have a centralized make you wait die
while you're waiting don't do the smart
cost-benefit thing and take the meds
right away if that's your government
strategy then the government has lost
its leadership okay it doesn't it
doesn't have the moral authority to lead
you anymore because that's and by the
way I would also accept a good argument
from the government that says I'm not
telling you the right stuff to do I
would accept a good argument
yeah Nevada it has put a limit on the
drug but I think that has to do with
shortage and it has to do with the fact
that those drugs are used for other
important diseases and those people
don't want to be left without it so that
the Nevada decision should be seen as
proving it's useful because if Nevada
thought that this was not a useful drug
I don't think they'd act this
aggressively I think they just sort of
tried to talk you out of and say no
don't you know that's not tested but
when you see the lengths that they're
going to secure there
supply don't you know you should
interpret that all right so that's the
dog that isn't barking the dog that
doesn't barking is that the drug works
and if you're not getting it soon you're
in the Afghanistan Obama strategy and
it's not going to work all right that's
all for now go break the system it needs
to be broken in just those those few
ways let's see if we can change that by
the end of the week and by the way the
the the studies that are happening in
New York City because I think it was
Monday they started giving people these
Trump pills to test them
it's Thursday right today's Thursday
from Monday to Thursday you would
already know if they worked but
anecdotally they do work that fast
anecdotally you already know in 24 hours
if the patient is recovering or getting
worse by the third day you pretty much
know and I'm telling you that anybody
who got the drug on Monday they might be
close to symptom free by now so if we
wait one more day that's a failure of
leadership all right if we wait one more
day where you have to wait for tests
before you get the drug that's just a
failure of leadership but it doesn't
mean you have to fail because you can be
a leader too so go make it happen go
break the system if it doesn't break
itself talk to you later