[Music]
boom hey everybody come on in here for
some of you this will be the best day of
your life you don't know it yet
but that's the fun part sometimes life
sneaks up on you we're going to be
talking about the headlines in a minute
and after that I'm going to show you
some techniques for getting rid of your
anxieties of all kinds won't work for
every person but for some of you it will
probably be life-changing
so stay tuned for that but first oh ho
yes first you've got to have a little
thing called the simultaneous if and all
you need is a cup or a mug or glass a
tanker chelators Diane a canteen drug or
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure that dopamine the end of the
day the thing that makes everything
better
there's simultaneous it go now that's
the kind of sip get your weekend going
so I've told you before how weird my
life is my life is so weird it's hard to
imagine what it's like to be me let me
tell you my my experience in the last 24
hours I got my televisions fixed in my
house had some technical problems and so
I decided to watch some television so I
turned on one show and I'm watching Fox
News in the washing of the five my
favorite show and I turned it into TV
and they're talking about me like you
know the Greg was mentioning something
that I'd mentioned and I thought how
weird I'm turning on the television and
the televisions talking about me and
then later I saw an article I saw an
article I'm somewhere on the
Internet it was in Forbes magazine and
it was about the value of mushrooms as
hallucinogens that can help people with
a whole variety of mental issues and I
thought well this is an interesting
article because I have an interest in
this this I'll talk about a little bit
later so I'm reading the article and the
articles about me I mean it's not the
entire article about me but I'm one of
about five people mentioned in the
article who have brought up this topic
as something beautiful I thought how
weird I turn out of the television it's
about me and then I read an article one
of the few articles I was interested
enough to actually read the whole
article and it's about me this morning
about five minutes ago
somebody was nice enough to tweet me a
video in which MMA champion you know won
one of the Great's of all time Conor
McGregor his coach a guy named John
Kavanagh is talking about training Conor
McGregor now y'all know Conor McGregor
right one of the most famous athletes of
all time if you don't follow MMA people
you haven't heard of the name but within
that world he would be the you know
these superstars that everybody knows
and John Kavanagh I want to asked about
his training he says that they're gonna
use systems instead of goals and then he
name-checks me so apparently I'm some
some important part of Conor McGregor's
training is that a weird world imagine
waking up to that I was strange
so I'm very very happy for anybody who
finds value in that stuff these systems
being better than goals and now I'm a
bigger fan of Conor McGregor than ever
before so I'd like to see him win since
he's using at least a sub small extent
he's using something that I promote it
in my book kind of failed almost
everything and still win big I think
it's over my shoulder there all right
let's talk about some of the news and
then at the end I'm going
to cure a number of you of some anxiety
problems if you don't think that's real
stick around because I know some of you
don't
others of you are saying to yourself
I've been watching this guy for a while
and I didn't believe any of the other
things he predicted until they happened
and I didn't believe the effect it would
have on me until it did how many of you
joined me in the simultaneous sit today
and actually raised a glass or in many
cases I'm hearing John I know your wife
is watching sometimes they do the
simultaneous sip with without a cup in
their hands did you think that you would
ever be addicted to the simultaneous
that probably not and that was a very
small example of your brain being
rewired in a way that's just fun right
nobody gets hurt it's just fun to do the
simultaneous step after I talk about
some news I'm going to rewire your
brains again and you are going to be
amazed in some cases other cases
everybody's different so you'll all have
a different experience let's talk about
the news first New York Times had a big
article today about an app called
Clearview AI and it's an app that runs
us on the phone I guess mobile devices
and law enforcement is using it to
identify faces to get the identification
of somebody just by their face now
apparently what the app has done is it
has scraped that's sort of a tactical
word scraped in other words it went into
other databases and grabbed faces
apparently there's access to Facebook
data at least the the photos that are
available venmo has a bunch of faces and
some other some other sources so this
app has you know an order of magnitude
or two orders of magnitude more
available faces of this database that
even the ones the the systems that law
enforcement was already using
so law enforcement already could
identify a face in some cases if they
had you in their database but until this
app came along you couldn't just take a
picture of a dead guy on the street and
his name would pop up they didn't have
that so there are actually a whole bunch
of examples around the country where
police literally they'll find a body
with no identification snap a picture of
it and the social media or any any kind
of social media or internet presence
pops up immediately
so they've they've apparently solved a
whole bunch of crimes from this now
people of course are worried about the
privacy aspect of it and I think the the
founder when he was interviewed I kind
of not kinda if I totally agree with his
take I think somebody else was
interviewed for it and that is the
privacy sort of a thing of the past
there really isn't any chance that this
won't be a universal kind of product so
they're just providing the service that
solves a whole bunch of crimes and it's
a technology you're probably going to
see anyway you know there wasn't any way
around it but Wow just think about that
now the the future uses that people talk
about but are not yet the actual uses so
at the moment it's sort of focused on
law enforcement so they're the ones who
get the contracts to use this thing but
people are saying what happens someday
when you've got the goggles on and you
can just tell everybody's identity just
walking through a crowd you know what
kind of abuse would there be etc so
those are all issues that society needs
to grapple with but Wow
just the fact that that exists and it
works and it's solving crimes pretty
amazing
it's called Clearview AI the teams for
the impeachment defense and prosecution
if you can call that loosely speaking
have been formed
it looks like the Democrats have on
their team a a bunch of people who
unheard-of and some I have that don't
seem too impressive so that's what the
Democrats have now maybe they're great
because I like I said I haven't heard of
them so they might be terrific I don't
know but it turns out that the
Republicans have wisely lined up their
own team and they have the ultimate kill
shot on the team so Alan Dershowitz is
on he would say I just saw anything with
him he would say he's on the side of the
Constitution so in his in his view of
his job he's not defending this
president he's defending all presidents
because this is such an important thing
it'll reverberate through time it would
affect any president he Dershowitz says
and I think it's completely credible
when he says it that he would give
exactly the same defense for a Clinton
for a Democrat it wouldn't matter who it
was because it's not about the person
it's not about even the situation it's
about the Constitution but here's the
fun part
remember this the Senate can kind of
make up its own rules and they can
decide whenever they want to
after hearing I think the open arguments
then they can decide whether they want
more witnesses do you know what
Dershowitz is going to do it to this
thing Dershowitz
is going to be presumably part of the
opening statements after Dershowitz says
even if everything that is alleged about
the president is true the Constitution
does not recognize this as impeachable
what will the republican-led lead Senate
do after Dershowitz one of the most
renowned respected knowledgeable
experienced experts on constitutional
law after he says yeah it wouldn't
matter what the details are everything
that they've alleged falls into the
category of not impeachable here's why
and I heard a brief exclamation on one
of his interviews so the abuse of power
charge for example is not
is not one of the intended impeachable
offenses indeed
apparently there's a there's a history a
written documented history of the
founders discussing whether that should
be part of impeachment and they
expressly discussed it and specifically
declined to put it in the Constitution
it was a it was a decision so you don't
have to worry about the gray area
there's no gray area it was discussed it
was documented they decided clearly not
to put it in the Constitution because
they didn't want that to be one of the
things you could be impeached for and
that's their case
that's the end after Dershowitz speaks
Mitch McConnell can say all right let's
make this a two-stage process and I
think this would be very fair stage one
are the things that are alleged we don't
even have to worry about they're true or
untrue we don't have to worry about the
way you're spending it you don't want
our version or their version if it's all
true would it be impeachable we just
heard our experts say no let's first
vote on that that if these allegations
are true would it be impeachable before
we dig into witnesses and finding out if
it's true I think once he says it's not
impeachable you can just end the whole
thing or at least you could vote to end
the whole thing and you would have all
the cover you need it so one of the
things about Dershowitz is if you watch
him long enough I've been watching him
for a long time and I'm actually blown
away every time he talks I'm blown away
at the this skill Dershowitz never
wastes a word now he's really good at
hitting the the the news you know
two-minute hits so he can he can put he
can put more content in fewer words than
anybody you've ever seen I mean he's
really amazing so I think he's geez the
kill shot I don't think anything else is
going to matter
Dershowitz is going to just
he's going to clean the table and
there's not going to be left everything
else to discuss after he's done I think
anyway that's an option
senator martha mcsalley insulted CNN's
Manu Raju Manu Raju Esther a question as
she was walking down the hall and she
said you're a hack I'm not answering
your question you're a hack now of
course the CNN the hosts were deeply
offended and won an apology and think
that's inappropriate but I have to say
this has got to be some of the some of
the blowback from the last debate and
the way they treated Bernie I mean it
kind of felt remember I said the other
day it felt like a turning point it felt
like the point where people no longer
accepted that the news is anything like
news but rather it's just part of that
political process the funniest part was
watching I just watched a little clip of
Jeffrey Toobin they're they're legal one
of their legal experts and he was
defending the accusation that seeing
them makes up its news and he said
unambiguously that's not true you know
I'm paraphrasing he didn't use these
exact words but he was defending the
accusation that CNN is fake news and I
thought to myself if you're on TV
defending whether your news channel is
actually making up the news you've
already lost here here's what you never
want to do on the air under your own
news network defend the accusation that
you're making up the news in general
he's that he's not defending that there
was one particular thing that was right
or wrong but rather that the entire
network does or does not just make up
the news it just invent it and if you're
defending that well that's a that's a
weak position I think I would have
rather maybe stayed away from that if I
were him so there's a new hip piece book
by - Washington Post reporters do I need
to say more there's an anti-trump book
written by - Washington
reporters can I just stop there anything
else we need to say I don't think so and
I think that's a whole story because
everything else you hear about this has
no credibility whatsoever but here's
their allegation perrolli in 2017 I
think it was President Trump was alleged
to have been angry at his generals about
you know not winning in Afghanistan and
not winning at all and this is what the
two totally credible Washington Post
reporters I say with a twinkle in my eye
totally credible because Washington Post
of course is an anti-trump
organization he's alleged to have said
quote you're all losers do you think
that President Trump looked at a room
full of the greatest generals in
American you know at least currently in
American history and said to them you're
all losers you don't know how to win
anymore
the commander in chief told the meeting
attendees allegedly according to the
posts quote of the book the president's
tirade continued with Trump telling the
military officials
I wouldn't go to war with you people
you're a bunch of dopes and babies he
told the room according to the post
excerpts and then apparently that's
after that is when Rex Tillerson
insulted the president saying he was
 and eventually Tillerson got fired
now do you believe that those were his
exact words okay I don't now they could
be I think it's entirely possible that
those are somewhere in the general
neighborhood of his message I think
that's that's very believable I think
it's very believable that he thought his
generals could be more let's say winning
oriented than they have been especially
in Afghanistan that all makes perfect
sense but do you think he looked at him
and said you're all losers you're a
bunch of dopes and babies to which I say
maybe somebody said maybe at the same
time I did in the comments
maybe suppose he did how do you feel
about it how do you feel about it
suppose suppose that's exactly what he
said said to the generals you're all
losers you're a bunch of dopes and
babies I wouldn't go to war with you
what if he did say that do you care
I don't not really I don't really care
what happened since then they happened
in 2017 what has been our experience
with the military since then waiting a
lot of winning seems like to me so it's
possible he gave them some tough love I
don't know if that's true or not you
certainly couldn't take that is true but
I'm not sure a batters in any in any
real way Don the dad gone Geno tweeted
out that's how I saw it
a campaign ad by somebody who's a
democratic now it must be a Republican
competitor to Ilan Omar so somebody
who's competing for you Alon Omar's seat
and it is one of the most amazing videos
or ads you've ever seen I turned it on
because just because Dan Bungie knows
that it was you know great he had like
little fireballs at his tweet I thought
oh that's a lot of little fireballs Dan
it must mean something so I turn it on
and I'm hooked in the first five seconds
it's it's kind of a long ad but five
seconds in I was so hooked I went into a
separate room so I wouldn't be disturbed
until I got to the end now I'm not going
to say it's the best political ad I've
ever seen in my life because the stuff
that Brad parse Cal is creating is
pretty darn good and you know I praised
Bernie Sanders in his last campaign had
a great commercial one of the best so
there have been some great campaign
commercials but when I saw this this is
in the top three
I mean it's really really good so you'd
have to see it yourself to know what I
talked about but here's the cool part
she's very qualified well the cool part
is that she's an American born in Iraq
so she she had experience with a lot of
the Saddam Hussein reign now she's an
American she's running for Congress and
here's the amazing part her charisma oh
my god her charisma you know one of the
things we talked about with AOC and with
yeah and I would say with Elon Omar you
could dislike their policies or you
could like the policies by independent
of their of their politics their
charisma just jumps off the page you you
could just like Elon Omar all you want I
know some of a lot of you were
Republicans you probably do but you got
to say you got to give it to her she is
really charismatic when when Elon Omar
is on the screen
I do stop and watch because she's she's
got that x-factor that thing that makes
you want to pay attention and it's not
it's not her looks it's just it's not
any one thing it's a little package
anyway the the woman who is running for
Elon Oh Marcy - her first name is Dalia
and I'll tell you her last name but not
until later because that's there's a
story there so Dalia has a voice and a
presentation that reminded me of my
favorite actress on a series called the
expanse how many of you have seen the
Syfy show the expanse there's a
character there who plays the I don't
know she's the president of Earth or
Mars I can't remember president of arms
and she's got this really interesting
Iranian accent so she speaks English but
she's got an Arabian accent and it's the
kind of accent you could listen to all
day I mean it's just delicious you're
just just listening to this actress
every moment she's on screen again Perez
like she just yeah in in in movie terms
she chews up scenery when she is on
screen you stop what you're doing and
you listen to every word it's just it's
like listening to music when she talks
it's just beautiful
and this this competitor to Ilan Omar
Dalia she has that voice you know a
version of that and you listen to it
you're like oh my god do I want to
listen to more of that apparently it's
an Iraqi accent and it's just beautiful
it's just a beautiful voice I mean
really powerful so it's got power it's
got passion and man does she have
charisma I would love to know how she
was discovered now she's got all kinds
of experience across different fields so
she's got the full non loser think
experience because she's she's been
through different domains and I did not
think that it would be possible to have
an able competitor - Ilan Omar but there
it is that is a really strong politician
all right so look for that
oh here's the punch line and I I hate to
say this because I only have good things
to say about her as as her yeah I only
have good things to say about her
somebody's telling me she's Iranian so
is her accent also Iranian
because Iraq is our experience but she
may have some Iranian blood I don't know
it doesn't matter but here's the
unfortunate part this is her last name
Dalia al Aikido now when I pronounce
that you say well that's nice last name
elaqid oh I like that sounds good
here's the problem when you see a
written it looks like looks like Al
Qaeda now it doesn't look like it but
your brain just goes there automatically
because as al Qaeda is a little too
close so that is the simulation just
with us because she's got that much
talent and then she has that last name
hmm I hope that doesn't stop her you
know I've told you how the Republic has
morphed into more of a social media is
driving politics now here's a good
example of that I'm looking through my
Twitter feed and I see a tweet by
Congress person Tim Burchett Tennessee
congressman and the Tennessee
congressman tweets this to President
Trump he says keep pushing development
of fast reactors using 95 percent of
nuclear waste for fuel is a game-changer
so he's talking about generation 4 you
know new types of nuclear power and I
thought to myself whoa this is great
there's a there's a congressman tweeting
up the president you know this obviously
he understands the importance of this
field and I thought this is great
so I thought I should follow this guy so
I go to follow him and I noticed he
follows me so he was already following
me and he might be listening to this for
all I know he's all so far following
March Snyder who you know as our as our
favorite advocate for generation 4 and
nuclear power and so I'm pretty sure
that some of his at least some of his
let's say whatever formed his opinion
probably came from a variety of sources
but I think mark Schneider probably
helped inform this guy this Congress
person who is now informing the
president and when you see this it just
gives you chills because you see
something close to like a curated
democracy or a or best idea wins
democracy where only you know the good
ideas are the ones that bubble up and so
you can see these good ideas bubbling up
from social media
you you know that Congress just heard
from Michael Sheldon Berger and he was
using the phrase green nuclear deal and
you see all these ideas basically coming
from our Schneider yeah he's been
promoting them
I dislike no Mike Sheldon Berger is
boosting his signal i boost mike
Shellenberger signal and now there's a
congressperson boosting the signal to
the president exactly the way it's
supposed to load all right that's just
some good news all right we're going to
change topics right now I'm gonna raise
my hands in the air because later when I
edit this I might I might add it down to
the first part with the politics and
just keep the second part that's coming
up in the second part I told you I was
going to cure some of you of anxiety
related problems some of you may not
believe that's true
some of you probably think it's probable
now all of you are gonna have a
different experience and some will have
a profound experience some of you may
cry some of the you may scoff a lot of
you will just change the channel but let
me go through my let me go through the
presentation and you can leave whenever
whenever you feel you would like to I'll
give you this following warning I am
going to be rewiring the brains of the
people who stay I'm a trained hypnotist
most of you know that and what I'm going
to be talking about has some basis now
none of it is dangerous there's no
there's no risk of anything bad
happening to you I promise you that
likewise for those who have been
watching me for a while there are two
two things the hypnotists do that have
already been accomplished I wasn't
trying to do that we in this context but
it happened one of them is credibility
you have to have credibility in the
hypnotist your therapist your doctor it
helps I have credibility to many of you
because you've been watching me for a
long time and
you wouldn't be watching unless you
thought I had some credibility so the
first part is satisfied for most of you
second part is pacing this is what
heaven is dis do they match you in some
way until you feel compatible with them
and then whatever message comes from the
hypnotist feels like it's something very
comfortable and familiar because you've
already you've already pasted them or
matched them in some way now
unintentionally wasn't what I was trying
to do but those of you who have been
doing the simultaneous sip those who've
been watching me for a while have
somewhat accidentally paced me meaning
that you feel some comfort with me
that's requirement number two so the
first two requirements of hypnosis have
been satisfied I'm not going to put you
into a trance per se but I am going to
have you go through a guided
visualization which I think you will
find in some cases profound in other
cases you all feel I think so everybody
will have a different experience from
this all right let me give you some
background this is called the pre talk
in hypnosis this is also a part of the
technique so I'm going to make you feel
comfortable with what I'm going to do
next as part of the technique
all right here's some background I keep
hearing from people and maybe you saw
yesterday that that I had cured them of
their Trump derangement syndrome prior
to the election in 2016 or in some cases
after and so many people have told me
that independently they thought huh
there must be something through that so
here people had a specific kind of
anxiety fear that the world would be
destroyed by this orange monster and
there's something I did or some things I
did over time which caused people and
they're telling me I'm not making this
up this is what they report to me lots
of people lots of them lost their
anxiety and felt comfortable with the
president after they listen to me so
that's one example of where I know based
on reports from lots of people
they had a specific kind of anxiety that
I cured but I heard an even more
interesting example the other day and it
came from somebody who who reported
having a lifetime of anxiety crippling
mental problem anxiety the kind of
really ruins your life now our anxiety
disorders take many forms you could be
afraid of and I may be using the the
language a little differently than maybe
an expert in mental health would so take
it with take it as an approximate so
anxiety would describe somebody out of
phobia fear of the public fear of danger
fear of this might describe somebody who
had OCD OCD is kind of anxiety because
you feel if I don't you know do this
thing 10 times or whatever the number is
some bad luck will happen so sort of
this general anxiety fear many many of
you probably are experiencing anxiety in
the last several years that you had
never felt before and there's something
about modern life and about I don't know
maybe it's about the the news business
that gets people worked up maybe it's
our technology but whatever it is
there's a gigantic whole ball of
different anxiety related problems that
people have so there's one individual
told me a few days ago that I had cured
a lifetime of anxiety problems and I
thought to myself I did what was it I
said and so I asked what was it I said
that cured a lifetime of anxiety
problems that all the medical
professionals couldn't make a dent in
and this person told me and I started to
connect it with other things I knew and
develop an idea of what causes it now
let me give you some more background and
I'll pull this all together
I've talked and of course you've seen it
in the news about how hallucinogens
specifically psilocybin that comes from
hallucinogenic mushrooms
LSD and some other hallucinogens are
being used by medical professionals to
cure various anxieties from PTSD to all
kinds of stuff and almost instantly in
other words one dose in some cases is
curing people of a lifetime of mental
problems and there's so much of that and
there's so many stories of it that it's
considered one of the most exciting
fields in mental health now if you read
up or if you've had the experience as I
have of having any kind of
hallucinogenic experience I did
mushrooms in my 20s and I and I talked
about how it was one of the most my most
meaningful experiences and I read about
other people's experience and the most
common thing that people say is that
they describe it as ego death ego death
now if you've never experienced ego
death and you've never experienced any
kind of hallucinogenic experience at all
that doesn't mean anything to you if I
said hey ego death what does that even
mean so everybody probably has sort of a
personal experience that they they tend
to describe that way it's exactly how I
described it before I had ever heard
anybody else use those terms it was
exactly the words I used it's ego death
now for our purposes I'm going to define
your ego as that part of you that makes
you feel special the thing that makes
you feel like you're special and
important that's your ego I'm giving you
a very friendly definition you know so
no no deep psychology here but the thing
that makes you really feel special is
your ego and let me tell you why this is
important by an analogy now analogies
have not good for persuading as I often
say but they're good for explaining a
new concept so here's the new concept
suppose I said to you I would like you
to take this potato just a regular
uncooked potato and could you walk it
a half a mile that way and give it to
somebody now forget about why you know
why you need to deliver this potato
that's not important
but if I say could you take this potato
and deliver it over there and you've got
the time and the inclination to do that
would that give you any exact sighting
probably not because what's the worst
that could happen
you drop the potato well it's just the
potato you lose the potato it's just a
potato you you get busy and you don't
make it with your potato what's the
difference it's just a potato that
person can get a new potato potato has
no value now let's say I said instead of
a potato could you take this priceless
painting by Picasso and just just walk
it down the street to my you know where
it needs to go to the museum could you
do that for me now let's imagine it's a
world where there's no crime so you're
not worried about crime you're only
worried about the safety of the painting
and all you're doing is just carrying it
a half a mile that way I'm giving it to
the museum
how much anxiety would you have if you
were holding a priceless
irreplaceable painting and you're just
walking down the sidewalk with it you'd
be plenty of worried because of the
value of the painting you'd worry that a
bird would do something that the wind
would come up and put some dirt on it
you'd worry that you'd trip you'd worry
that somebody come along you'd worry
that a car would splash water on it it
would be your fault you'd have to pay
for it you'd have all kinds of things to
worry about and it's only because the
painting is so valuable the potato was
not so what you need to learn is to be
the potato don't be the painting be the
potato now why is it that a psychedelic
experience would give you Y go death and
would turn you from somebody who's
trying to deliver a priceless painting
into somebody who says no care in the
world it's just a potato and here's my
hypothesis the hypothesis is
that when you have the egodeath you have
nothing to worry about because there's
nothing to protect and I think that the
way that you come about that is
indirectly the way that you get to that
is by being in the hallucinogenic
experience you see your environment
completely differently for the first
time and yet and here's the important
part you understand it you see your
world as if it's brand-new but you still
understand it and by the way other
people experience it explain it the same
way now once you've experienced that you
could have a completely different set of
subjective interpretations of your
environment what does that tell you
about your old view of the world
it was subjective it wasn't right more
importantly it wasn't important the way
you always saw the world before that
first time you saw it differently
was never real and it was never
important and if the way you see the
entire reality is unimportant
and you just feel that you're part of
that larger reality and that it is
subjective you suddenly start to feel
that you are not that important but
here's the important part you never
learn you never lose the sense that you
need to you know take care of your life
and your health and all that there's no
danger you simply take your unreasonable
fear of protecting yourself and it comes
down to a normal well I have to eat
today I've gotta sleep God you know if I
cross the road still got to look both
ways there's no downside you still would
be fully protective of yourself well
you'll just learn that you're more like
a potato then like a priceless painting
once you get that feeling that your ego
is not important what would you ever be
afraid of would you be afraid of the
future no there's nothing to be afraid
of
because there's nothing at risk but a
potato
so I'm going to walk you through
something a set of thoughts that will
reproduce what is that what a what a
hallucinogenic trip would do so I'm
going to give you without the
hallucinogens and therefore without the
risk of that any illusion might have
there's a small risk but you won't have
any of that I'm going to give it to you
without that all right and bear with me
it's going to take a little bit of setup
and then and then we're going to do it
the first thing you need to know and
this will be helpful is that there are
different filters in the world and you
have probably experienced them for
example did you know that in quantum
physics the a particle that exists on
the other part of the universe that has
never been seen and never been measured
in any way
doesn't actually exist did you know that
this is actual scientific truth matter
the actual building blocks of our
reality we know don't actually exist
except as probability until a human or a
machine or an animal or something that
can see something and detect something
until something is seen and detected it
doesn't actually exist now all the
things in your room around you exist
in a sense because you're looking at
somebody is measured it touched it
looked at it but scientifically we know
and by the way this is not any there's
nothing controversial this this would be
something every every scientist would
agree matter doesn't exist until it's
witnessed by a machine or a person
what's that mean well it probably means
that there's some subjectivity to your
perceptions let me give you some other
examples religion how many people are
walking around they have different
religions
if somebody is let's say a Hindu and
they believe that they have reincarnated
and are going to reincarnate and they're
standing in the same room with somebody
who's a Muslim or a Christian are they
experiencing the same reality I would
say no I would say now if you believe
that everything that's happening to you
is God's will that's not really the same
reality as a person who thinks it's
their own doing or the person who thinks
they're in a simulation these are
completely different subjective
realities you also know because you've
been following me for a while you know
that in politics we can look at the same
set of facts and see a different movie I
call it the two movies on one screen
you've seen in how a hundred times you
see it every time anybody looks at a
document I see this a crime I obviously
a crime I'm looking at the same document
so you can see in real time on the news
every single day that people who are
sincere and they're not lying in every
case there are liars in the news but
they're not lying about their perception
they are looking at the same stuff you
are but they're seeing a different
reality normal completely common once
you understand that you can start to
release on your preferred version of the
world yeah you've seen it with the
optical illusions like Laurel and Yanni
that you could hear the Laurel or the
Omni you've seen the ones where you can
think a different word and then the word
you're hearing starts to sound like that
word but then you can think of a
different word and the sound you're
hearing that's the same sound sounds
like the other word you see lots of
tests like that and again it's showing
you that you worry that your impression
of reality is subjective
now here's another framing that will
change your frame instead of seeing the
world as there's you and then there's
this reality that's sort of fixed and
you're just looking at it think of
yourself as almost like the person in
the robots head think of your body as a
big old robot
this case it's a moist robot or
biological robot but imagine yourself as
a person in the control room inside your
head you're looking at your eyes and
you're controlling this big robot that
is your body just think about that and
then think about the fact that there are
different filters as I call them on your
perceptions and so sometimes your big
robot body is hungry you know that you
see the world differently when you're
hungry things bother you that wouldn't
bother you you're angry about things you
didn't need to be angry about
but you're not really seeing those
things you're seeing it through a filter
of your own hunger and it makes you
angry sometimes likewise if you're tired
that's a different filter likewise if
you're an optimist you're seeing the
world through a different filter if you
believe you live in a simulation you're
seeing the world through a different
filter if you have a different religion
it's a different filter once you start
to understand that your filters are
interchangeable and it has nothing to do
with you whoever is you whatever is this
thing called you your preferences your
experiences your memories whatever it is
it can be all kinds of different things
in terms of how it sees the world but
you don't really change not that much
anyway what changes is your filter take
your filter down
hey this president is a big old monster
change the filter oh he's just operates
differently now now I see it through a
different filter this mental exercise of
being able to see the world as a filter
will D personalize things and give you
very close to your escape route but
we're going to take you all the way
there in a moment and it goes like this
are you ready here's the here's the
payoff and next few moments some of you
not all of you because everybody's gonna
have their own experience some of you
are going to have a deep experience in
the next minute or two watch this all
right
I want you to relax I'm not going to
hypnotize you but I'm gonna take you
through some guided imagery you don't
have to close your eyes in fact keep
them open keep your eyes open
take a deep breath loosen your shoulders
and now I want you to imagine not as if
it's true but just imagine that
everything you see in your environment
your room the device you're looking at
the table the objects the whatever you
were using to drink imagine them as if
they're a virtual reality imagine that
you're not in a real reality but rather
you're in a virtual one now it's a
special one because if you touch
something you can feel it but imagine
that's just an illusion and imagine
without touching anything you just look
around and you look at an object pick an
object in your room and just look at it
and imagine instead of it being real
then it's a perfectly rendered a virtual
reality simulation now watch how that
makes you feel just feel yourself in the
moment just looking at your environment
don't think of anything else don't think
of anything outside of your direct
immediate experience look at them and
imagine them as a virtual reality
construct and see what happens
do you feel it yeah some of you are
already feeling it keep doing it stay in
the moment stay in the moment the future
doesn't matter just look at your objects
look around you and imagine that they're
not real they're subjective they're just
like a virtual reality now
do that and then repeat the first time
you do it some of you will have a
profound experience you see in the
comments
somebody says goosebumps somebody else
no experience whatsoever for those of
you who have had a lifetime of anxiety
issues keep these thoughts in mind
because it's the setup as much as the
exercise think about life as filters
think about your ego as unimportant
worth protecting
but it's not the be-all end-all just see
yourself in a simulated subjective
reality and know that you can change the
subjective reality if you need to you
have control you can see in the comments
somebody is crying some of you not all
of you some of you were just released
from a lifetime of pain a lifetime of
anxiety some of you just got released
some of you will be released later
you'll think about this and you won't be
able to get it out of your mind and
you'll repeat the exercise on your own
you'll look around wherever you are
you'll imagine it as a virtual reality
and it will give you the same sensation
that people have when they experience
ego death and it will free you
and that's all you need and I'll end it
right there and you have a great life