[Music]
hey everybody stadley come on in here
I'm a little bit late this morning I
wasn't watching the clock I promise I
was awake but I wasn't watching the
clock and here I am a little later than
usual but does it matter it does not
because the deliciousness of the
simultaneous sip cannot be diminished by
simple
chronological
misgivings I'm not even sure that was a
real sentence doesn't matter because
you're here I'm here you've got your
container your cup your mug you might
have a flask or a tanker or a
Stein maybe a thermos but whatever it is
I hope it's filled with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the simultaneous
app yes yes I'm sorry I'm
late but what a fun
so I need to start this uh presentation
if you can call it that by uh
acknowledging my critics who are going
to say Scott are you sick of licking the
president's
shoes you say that everything he does is
genius what you are so not credible now
of course those of you who watch me know
that I don't say that I criticize him on
health care and statues and all kinds of
stuff
but when he does something good
persuasion wise sometimes is better than
anything anybody's ever done and I can't
not say that because it's true and it's
of course my main domain of
content so when the news came out that
it leaked that the White House was
considering merely considering shipping
the uh illegal immigrants from the
Caravans into the sanctuary cities we
all laughed when we saw it but we
thought well and I said this well that's
never going to
happen that's never going to happen and
it didn't take long for the president to
tweet oh yeah we're totally thinking
about
that we're totally going to we're
totally considering that and you know
maybe we'll shift them to the sanctuary
cities now of course the news and social
media went crazy when he said that uh as
Dana Bash said as CNN he quote owned the
criticism and I thought yeah that's
exactly what he did he took a bad news
story because of the leak and all it was
going to be is ah these people are bad
they're even considering doing this
they're so
evil and as soon as he changed it from a
a rumor that we found down through a
leak into a tweet completely puts it out
there with no shame whatsoever and says
absolutely we we're planning on you
we're not planning it but we're we're
strongly considering
it now what does that
do what that does is that remember it's
sort of a slow news period there's not
much else going
on and he he didn't want the weekend to
go by with people talking about this
rumor so he owns it creates more news
but specifically he makes you focus on
what he wants you to focus on so all
weekend if we're talking about this and
there's not much else to talk about
we're going to be talking about hey why
can't the sanctuary cities agree to take
all of the immigrants why wouldn't they
but it gets better because it turns out
that that was just phase one of his
persuasion phase two he dropped I guess
it was last
night so it's a followup to his first
tweet and he says uh if the radical left
Democrats all of a sudden don't want the
illegal migrants in their Sanctuary
cities no more Open Arms Why should
others be expected to take them into
their communities uh go home and come
into our country legally and through a
system of marriage now the key part of
this tweet is why should others be
expect them to expected to take them
into their community so he's moved the
conversation from wherever it was where
nothing good was happening nothing was
getting done he's moved it to the public
so uh and of course the persuasion is
always partly to Congress and partly to
the public but this is squarely at the
public this persuasion is just at the
public it's not at it's not at the other
politicians and
he's forcing the question and he's
forcing the question that the other
side is determined to
ignore and we may see him I'm not going
to predict this but it would be an
interesting Play We may see him ask the
specific question how many are you
willing to
take if he takes it to the third phase
and he might he could extend this one
more day by tweeting something along the
the lines of we're looking for
volunteers
volunteers Sanctuary cities to
volunteer
now people are going to call him on this
Bluff and I think a few a few Mayors
already have and I think they've said
yeah we love immigrants absolutely bring
them our
away but they know they're bluffing
they're calling his bluff but they're
also bluffing so phase
four is to say thank you for
volunteering how many can you
take and that's the kill shot how many
can you
take is the end of the
conversation now I don't know if he's
going to take his two-phase persuasion
into the third phase of asking for
volunteers volunteer Sanctuary cities
volunteer communities because those
politicians are going to be on this on
the burner with their own residents if
they volunteer if they don't
volunteer then they're they're outed as
Liars wait a minute you've been saying
that this will help
you why don't you
volunteer and then once they volunteer
you take it to phase four which is give
us your number cuz we don't want to ship
more than you want we only want to give
you what you volunteer
for so tell us the number and that's the
end of the conversation because the only
way that we've we have this um this
impass the political impass is because
the people on the left refuse to say how
many is the right
number and this is forcing that question
now he's not there yet the president
hasn't gotten to how many that's where
you need to get though because that's
where everything fall falls apart there
the the entire resistance is built on um
a transparent lie and the LIE is that
more is better to
Infinity more is not better to
Infinity I'll agree that more is better
so let me say you know in case anything
gets taken out of context let me say as
clearly as possible I think most people
in the United States would agree with
the general state M that immigration is
positive for the country most people 90%
of the country probably believes that
immigration and the 10% who don't
believe it are are not really serious
players I'm not sure you could listen to
anything that 10% says but 90% of us
would say we absolutely want immigration
it's not about
immigration but give us the
number everybody who likes
immigration knows that there're some
amount that's too much you know you you
could die drinking water if you drink
too much so water is great but how much
do you have to drink because there is a
there is a point where you die from
it so here's a question I haven't seen
anybody ask so I'll ask
it we've been told for a long time that
immigration brings down the crime rate
if you bring in more
immigrants you have lower crime now when
people say that they usually don't
distinguish between people coming in on
airplanes and people coming in Legally
and people coming across the border
illegally they sort of get lumped into
this big group of low crime population
now I believe that's probably true it's
very believable to me that the entire
population of immigrants legal illegal
airplane Visa type border type if you
put them all together I do believe that
they would have a low crime rate so
here's my
question how many
Guatemalans could you put in Chicago to
get the crime rate down to
normal I know you're laughing right now
aren't you it's a funny
question theoretically how many migrant
Caravans could you put in Chicago to get
that crime rate down to something normal
cuz right now the crime rate in Chicago
is through the roof in theory if you add
enough
Guatemalans you get that crime rate down
to something like I don't know my
town now I'm I'm not suggesting that's a
practical idea it's just a funny idea
but we're seeing that the uh we're
seeing that the people's uh let's say
hardened positions are a little bit
ridiculous in some cases now now I would
argue that the question about uh
immigration and border security are
really persuasion problems at this point
that it's not about resources it's not
about knowing what to do we actually
know what to do we have enough resources
it's expensive but we can figure it out
everything is
doable except that our government is
totally broken they can't agree on
things they agree on let me say that
again our government is so broken that
they can't agree on things they agree
on because everybody agrees well we need
some good you know border control it's a
crisis we'd like to be good to the
people who who are just trying to make a
better life everybody agrees on all the
big stuff and they still can't get it
done so it's a persuasion problem it's
not a physical resource kind of a
problem it's not a problem where we
can't figure out how to get it done
people just don't want to it's a
political problem and the president's
persuasion about hey how about we take
them to your
neighborhood is really
highlighting the fact that the
Democratic um um politicians are using
the immigrants as pawns for their
political
Ambitions so if you're going to talk
about the president potentially using
the immigrants as PA to quote as CNN is
using they're using the word dump to
make you sound like the president is
more evil if you're going to dump him in
our backyard so everybody got the memo
to say dump instead of
relocate so all of the Democrats are
referring to the uh immigrants as
garbage I'm not making this up the
president actually caused every analyst
on CNN to refer to the to refer to
immigrants who have a desperate
situation and are just trying to live
and survive and make a better life
people who are by and large vast
majority of them are excellent people
that you would you would like in your
life they're good people
overwhelmingly and CNN has actually put
out a memo to refer to them as garbage
I'm not making this up I'm not making
this because they're all using the word
dump let me do a let me do a quick check
here I just watched Dana Bash say dump
CNN if you if you look at any article
about this let's
see
um it looks like
CNN has decided that reporting the story
is not a winning
position they've already backed off the
entire story it's not even the president
did the two most provocative tweets that
we've seen in months and months and
and it doesn't look like it's on their
front page of their
news I'm looking I'm still
looking uh there's one link to Dana Bash
saying that he's dumping them so that's
it one link to a video that's it that's
the whole the whole thing uh yeah I
think by the way yes let me give credit
to Tucker Carlson because he's the one
who pointed out that they're all using
this word dumped
and I don't know how you
can how can you use the word
dumped without conting
garbage I think the Democrats have to
explain they have to explain why they're
calling good people who just want to
have a better life why are they saying
dump they need to explain that and I
don't know who's asking now here's the
other funny
thing imagine if you're a Democrat and
you're the kind of democrat who likes to
go on the news and and give interviews
and let's say you've already been
scheduled for today maybe you were
scheduled a few days ago to go on today
and talk about whatever topic you do not
want to go on TV
today there's no Democrat who wants to
go in front of a camera today where
there are
questions because if somebody asks the
question what do you think of this Trump
tweet where they say they'll take them
to your neighborhood how many can you
take
um now they're all going to have to
avoid the
question so they're going to have to
avoid the question they're going to have
to say uh they're going to have to say
the president is using these good people
as poems in his political
games they're going to have to talk
about the fact that the White House
denied they were going to do it before
the president tweeted which is not the
story right that's the the B story The a
story is you have to explain why you
don't want them in your
neighborhood and if there's some reason
you don't want them in your neighborhood
as the president said explain to us why
somebody else should put them in their
neighborhood why would your reasoning
not apply to everybody why do you want
to be treated special why do you want to
put it on the necks of the the people
who are going to be competing for jobs
and you know may have to deal with the
extra expense and everything else
while the Democratic leaders who are the
ones who said yes to this get all the
benefits because they're nobody's moving
into their neighborhoods they're just
getting promoted to president if they do
a good job right so the politicians only
have an upside to bring in immigrants
because they can say we're awesome we
get more
votes the
public doesn't have the same upside as a
candidate because it's not their job to
to do this Stu stuff so they don't get
any credit they just have the
expense so the president has done what
he always
does he he takes the box and he shakes
it how many times have I told you that
right if you have a an
aifi you know situation that's just
stuck and nobody can make it move it's
just
stuck the president always does the same
thing he walks up to it and says what
you got there some kind of stuck
situation watch
this okay how's that and then everybody
looks at it and they go ah my hair's on
fire and all the variables are running
around and I don't know what happened
that was provocative you can't say that
are you kidding I'm not sure if he means
that was that a leak or is that true are
you serious and suddenly all the
variables are different now shaking the
Box usually would not be a good idea if
you already had a way to solve a problem
you wouldn't want to ruin the solution
you had by shaking the box so you see
him do it when there is no solution and
when nobody else has a solution he just
shakes the Box somebody says does AOC
shake the Box
absolutely yes she
does yes she does yes it's the same
technique um um
so for the next few days the
entertainment here is to watch Democrats
try to avoid questions you're going to
see more Democrats avoiding questions
than you've ever seen in your life I
also believe that all of the
conservative Outlets the the people who
can send a report around you know the
The Fox newses and the the breit Barts
they will not get any Democrat to talk
to them except for the the ones that are
paid to be on their payroll and don't do
a good job of it um no Democrat wants to
be on camera basically the president
just shut the Democrats off of
Television because the last thing any of
them want to do is get three follow-up
questions of but why wouldn't you let
them in your city well suppose he
doesn't force you to take them here
here's what the reporter should ask let
let's just assum he doesn't force you to
take him why wouldn't you
volunteer and if you do volunteer how
many how many is the kill
shot until you hear a reporter ask a
Democrat on cam on camera how many you
haven't had a good time all right you
got to see that question because they're
not going to be able to answer it and if
they can't answer it the next question
is how can we take you seriously because
this is a number a question this is not
a this is not a yes no immigrant
question and they want to treat it that
way they want to treat it like it's a
binary like immigrants yes or immigrants
no because they can win that they can
win the Immigrant yes over immigrant no
because immigrants in general are
positive but they cannot
survive the question how many and then
when they can't answer it how can we
take you seriously if you don't have a
number this is not a yes no question
this is a number question if you don't
have a
number you should quit let me let me say
this let me say this as clearly as I can
if you're if you're a Democrat arguing
for U being let's
say arguing for being lenient on IM
ation and you can't produce a number for
your let's say maybe it's just for your
area your state or your your domain if
you can't come up with a number that you
think is okay per year
quit you should
quit because that's what you're paid to
do you you
Democrats and you Republicans you are
paid to give us a number you're not paid
paid to say we like
immigration I don't pay anybody to do
that right do you pay anybody to say
immigration is good because we all say
immigration is good if it's done right
that's saying nothing we don't pay you
to do nothing give us your freaking
number right tell me the number or quit
those should be your that's the binary
the binary is not immigration or no
immigration the binary is your you're in
charge you're a political leader give us
the number or
quit quit like right now just hand in
hand in your keys here's a box for your
 go clear out your desk if you can't
give us a number
quit and I'm I'm serious about that if
because this is a big big problem and if
you're not even going to pretend to do
your job and the and the president is
sort of calling it you know with his
tweets here if you're not even going to
pretend to do your job clean out your
desk just clean out your desk don't
don't take our time don't expect to get
interviewed don't expect ever to be on
camera again just clean out your desk
you're not even a politician give us a
number all right I tweeted around an
idea that the UN is kicking around for
floating
cities floating cities so apparently
there's an architect and there's some
serious people who have figuring out how
how to make these
hexagonal floating little islands that
you can connect together in lots of
combinations to create a floating city
and apparently they know how to harden
them so that they're safe from
hurricanes and and everything else now
I'm not sure it's seing because I
believe that these are intended to be uh
permanent locations so they're not I
don't think they're intended to float
around I think they're intended to be
anchored with some technology they have
and this is yet again one of those
situations where you see the the
Adams uh law of slow moving
disasters when we have a lot of time to
figure out how to get out of the way of
disasters we're really good at it really
really good at it we have not yet solved
this floating city
um challenge but doesn't it feel to you
like really
solveable wouldn't you say that as
problems go this probably is in the
category of you know hard but very
solvable if you had enough um resources
and attention and climate change might
be that that attention it could be that
climate change is what makes floating
cities work I understand that 50% of the
population of the world is near the
coast they live near the coast so
there's a thought that they might need
to relocate now whether or not they do I
think floating cities make sense for a
lot of different reasons now here's the
question I asked
myself how would you power a floating
city you know where this is going you
know how would you power a floating
city would you power it with solar and
batteries no we haven't figured out how
to do that would you run a long
electrical cable under the ocean
possibly I don't know I'm no expert on
that stuff but maybe maybe you could
depends where it is yeah Generation 4
nuclear is the answer so these small
floating cities would be essentially
nuclear
submarines so we already know how to put
a nuclear um Power Plant on a floating
small floating thing it's called an
aircraft carrier it's called a a
submarine
so in all likelihood these floating
cities also
depend also depend on Generation 4
nuclear now I tweeted around uh late
last night so it's in my Twitter feed uh
um uh why am I having a
brain uh Tim who who is at timcast why
am I having a I know his name and I'm
just blanking out here tim
tim tim tim tim sorry I'm forgetting
your name I I actually remember his
Twitter
Tim Timol at timcast so his Twitter uh
Twitter name is Tim cast
c and uh he did a long segment on the
New York Times article about Generation
4 and it was fun to watch him um move
from apparently some older
annadate thoughts about
nuclear yeah thank you Tim pool um some
outof dat thoughts about nuclear that he
admits he had to the newer stuff uh the
newer information about generation four
and I didn't realize this but
apparently Tim had been in Green Piece
at one point and he's an independent
journalist so he doesn't identify I
believe he doesn't identify either right
or left but he's now up to speed on this
and he's got a lot of
credibility uh I know he has a lot of
credibility among the people watching
here uh in part because he's not a
member of a a party he's not a
partisan but he also was a member of
Greenpeace who just said in in the
strongest possible terms that nuclear
looks like the only solution for saving
the world if climate change is what what
the experts say
so
um yeah and he mentioned that he talked
to Patrick more I think so you're seeing
now um a correct me if I'm wrong
correct me if I'm wrong but aren't you
seeing Generation 4 nuclear just sort of
become a the thing now it's entering it
has entered the Zeitgeist and it looks
like it's penetrated both sides but for
some reason the major news
organizations um except for the New York
Times who did that article they're not
really focusing on it and I don't know
why for example I don't know why Fox
News isn't talking about generation for
nuclear every
day I don't know how to explain that um
I don't know why CNN I guess I do
understand why CNN isn't talking about
it it's because it would give credit to
the
administration so apparently the
Congress um as Tim P was pointing out in
his um his YouTube presentation there he
pointed out that Congress is actually
both sides like the new nuclear stuff so
both Democrats and Republicans by a
solid
majority are pro-nuclear did you know
that did you know that Congress is
pro-nuclear both sides now when I say
pronuclear nuclear I'm talking about
generation four the new stuff not the
old stuff that's a little
riskier so why are we hearing about this
or let me put it in in more Stark terms
the biggest problem in the world
according to the press that leans left
is climate
change and it's been
solved that's not a
story that the biggest problem in the
world is
solved nothing not a
headline nothing as far as I can
tell the left leaning press wants the
issue more than they want the solution
of course they want the solution because
they don't want the the world to end but
they certainly would rather go into 2020
saying that the Trump Administration
isn't doing
anything for climate change when in
fact they solved
it now when I say they solved it I mean
they've put in motion um the so the
government has passed some legislation
recently Department of energy is doing
some things where they're they're
promoting the rapid development of this
technology so the government is actually
doing stuff they're they're making test
beds for testing and they're they're
taking fairly aggressive steps in that
direction and it is the solution to what
half the country believes is the biggest
problem we've ever had climate change
completely solved or at least it's on
the path to completely solved
uh and and it's just not a story yeah
let's talk about
5G I'm not up to date on everything
about 5G um but here's what I know it's
inevitable we'll have more 5gs it's
inevitable that people will say it
causes cancer I don't know if that's
true but we're definitely getting 5G and
it will definitely be critics but and
then the president of course wants us to
be the the 5G lead leader of the world I
don't think that's going to happen I
think South Korea will be the leader in
5G but that's just me
um but here's the
thing
5G is not just faster internet if you're
thinking well 4G is great it's better
than 3G I'm sure glad we went from 3G to
4G it really makes a difference I'm
happy I can't wait to give to 5G even
faster it's not that
5G is civilization
changing
4G just made 3G a lot better and you
know you could do a few extra things
watch the movies and stuff but
5G uh suddenly that that amount of speed
makes all kinds of things possible that
weren't possible before so um it's hard
to you're going to want examples and
it's almost impossible to give you an
example because it's it's literally the
future right it's something that
somebody will come up with that we
haven't thought of yet it could be um
you know once you get your let's say
your screen resolution up to let's say
4K or or some high level it could be
that suddenly um doctor visits are
completely unnecessary because the
doctor can then see the screen just as
clearly as he would see it in person you
even better because I can just you know
expand the screen and really see that
that bruise or whatever it
is so you're going to you're probably
going to see changes in health care
because of that you're going to
see
uh yeah I mean you could probably give
me better suggestions of what's going to
happen but I think you're going to see
the 5G is civilization transforming oh
um education
education and um
VR all right here so here's a I'll give
you a specific a specific civilization
changing thing if you were to try to
take an online class today it would be
just somebody standing in front of a
screen talking and they just videotape
them and then you watch them and you get
bored but with 5G you could probably
transmit
VR content in other words that you could
take your phone and you know whether
whether you put it on the device that
holds it in front of your head or
there's some other glasses or
something 5G probably gives you enough
speed to create VR or even um you know
adding things to your to your
environment 5G might be the Tipping
Point yeah augmented reality we we need
all that stuff the point at which we mix
the digital and the real
world so right now the Dig digal world
and the real world are sort of separate
you know the digital world I have to
look at it's on my phone I hold it in my
hand it's just compartmentalized in this
this little container so there's a very
clear distinction between the real world
you know what the things I touch and
feel and the little things that are in
this little
box when you get
5G which will allow them people to
transmit completely um uh and
engulfing experiences that's the wrong
word um experiences
that are immersive that that's the best
word 5G will allow transmission of
immersive experiences so that you if
you've got your little glasses on that
can see um can see the world with things
added there will be digital things added
to your real world environment and you
might even be able to manipulate them
you might be able to walk up to a
virtual button that's literally just
floating in the air and you might be
able to touch it and activate something
imagine that an entire
interface for things will just appear
floating in the air and you could
actually manipulate them
Boop imagine that you take a a class and
instead of learning about Napoleon
trying to conquer Russia it drops you
into the battle and you're actually in
the battle you're like holy cow I'm in
the battle for lenrad here or whatever
and uh that may that may be the wrong
War but you get the idea so imagine
learning where they can drop you in the
situation imagine trying to become let's
say an auto
mechanic if you're learning to be an
auto mechanic you you really have to go
where there's an engine and there's like
lots of different engines and you're not
going to work on everyone and and you've
got to wait your turn because they've
only got a few cars and it's a big class
all of that is hard now imagine you had
you had the you know the glasses on and
you're in the virtual world and you're
trying to learn to be an engineer the
engine will float right in front of you
and you could take pieces off put pieces
on screw them in you'll be able to
manipulate you know what looks like the
real world and you could learn every
engine and you might even be able to do
it in an afternoon you might be able to
learn in an
afternoon what people have to take
classes for for weeks because you get to
do it all and and and you just say okay
I'm done with this Toyota engine give me
a BMW okay label it boop boop boop
labels come show me how to change the
oil boop boop boop boop oh
okay show me how to uh change the spark
plugs boop boop boop instructions come
up point to the spark plug all right
there it is rotate it turn it around
take the spark plug out what tool do I
use Boop tool appears you could you
could
learn maybe at 10 times the speed so 5G
may allow us to learn as something like
10 times the rate we can learn right now
and it could be Universal and we could
all be learning at that rate anything we
want any new
skill I I told you that I um um I'm
taking drum lessons online I'm using my
own uh startups app whenhub so it's
actually the name of the app is
interface by whenhub and I'm taking
lessons now at the moment the the
quality of the sound and the picture are
limited by the bandwidth and also the
size of the picture and also the number
of cameras so we're bandwidth limited
imagine if my uh drum teacher Michael uh
who by the way is available on the app
if if you want to take drum lessons he's
he's great uh just search for drums and
look for Michael antberg
and um you can just sign up and schedule
schedule an online lesson if you don't
like it you don't have to take another
one so that's the beauty of it but
imagine if he didn't have any bandwidth
limitation he puts a few cameras or
devices maybe an iPad or two one is
looking down at the drums maybe there's
one on his foot because the the foot
pedal
timing is one of the things you have to
learn so it'd be nice to have a camera
there one on his
face it would be a completely different
experience just because of 5G so
everything's going to be changing you
know 5G probably is the Tipping Point
that will make in in-person
education seem archaic and
stupid so that's my prediction when 5G
is
mature uh online Lear learning
especially the immersive kind where
you're actually part of the situation
the online learning will become far
superior to in-person learning and it
will change everything there will no
longer be imagine if you will what does
it do do for the poor if they can afford
a phone and maybe they need some glasses
or something but if they could get just
those assets a phone and some kind of a
plan and some some glasses if that's the
way it works so that you can see your
your environment suppose that's all it
took for the poorest person in the
country who could at least afford those
things to get any education changes
everything suppose you could drop your
classmates into the scene so that you're
all in the same scene you're not only
experiencing an historic battle or
you're not just attending the the you
know the the the signing of the
Declaration of Independence you're
actually in the room when it happens and
you look around you see your other
classmates that're also there and you
say hey Bob good to see you welcome to
Philadelphia all right
um so I guess I'm just full of good news
at the moment because Generation 4
nuclear will solve climate change and it
will be an
enormous uh an enormous stimul stimulus
to the economy in a way that we've never
seen before especially helping the poor
because when you get the energy cost
down just everything works better then
you add 5G on top of
that and you have Universal Health Care
or something close to it you've got
Universal education or something close
to it and I'll tell you one of the ways
that you know that your candidates for
president are too damn old you know the
the Beres and the bidens and even
president
Trump the fact that nobody is saying we
want free college and or free training
in college and the way we're going to
get there is through
technology the fact that nobody has said
that
sentence just tells you they're too old
you know you need honestly I'm I'm
calling on AOC or somebody somebody
under a 100 to say let's get to free
education but let's do it this smart way
let's not just keep building these brick
and mortar things where kids can go to
get bullied which is about all you get
out of school these days they can go to
school to get bullied and to get drugs
basically sex and drugs and bullying
that's what going to school gets you but
we can do better all right I'm
exaggerating a little bit
um yeah you need somebody like Andrew
Yang a Candace Owens you need somebody
somebody who represents you know the
digital age
yeah maybe Buddha Gigi he could do it
somebody young all
right
um somebody says I'm retired I direct
students to Con Academy so I've heard
that that it's fairly popular that that
uh students will go to an actual class
take the physical class in an actual
classroom and then when they go to go
home to do their homework before they
even do the homework they watch the Con
Academy class for the same topic
because it's just
better however good your teacher is the
con economy might be a little better and
you could fast forward and you can you
know do stuff like that by the way if
you only did one thing for classroom
experience which is that you could
change the rate of of your teachers
talking the way you can on a podcast you
know in some podcasts you can speed it
up to 1.5 or or two times the original
speed people listen to me that way
you're probably some of you are
listening to me that that way right now
on or you will when it's on
playback so at 1.5 at 1.5 I talk like
this it would be a lot easier and if I
had a lot of content you could really
hear it because even though I'm talking
very fast you could hear everything I
say and it really doesn't matter how how
quickly I talk you can actually follow
me very easily so if you had a classroom
situation in which you could speed it up
to 1.5 or 2. know you could very quickly
get to the point where the doc where the
teacher is stopping is no longer uh
babbling and gets to the actual content
and then when you get to the actual
content then you can slow it down and
watch the part you need to
know go back watch it again and then
when you get to the filler okay now
you're in the filler and the teacher is
just wasting some time until he gets on
the next stop it and then you slow it
down that alone just that feature would
make
learning three times
better three times better would you say
yeah it's you could call it Ben Shapiro
[Laughter]
mode he does talk faster than anybody
I've ever seen who could talk in public
uh but that's I think that's a function
of him being being smarter than the rest
of us you can talk fast if you're smart
all
right
uh so you pronounce a it Buddha judge
not Buddha Gigi is it Buddha
judge is that is that true or are you
pranking me I can't
tell
well um I just know that they're going
to be some bad nicknames for that guy
must have been tough in high school I'll
tell you
um all
right that's all for now I'll talk to
you later