hey everybody come on in come on in
we've got so much to talk about
yes I am on the road
savanah and Polly and Nicholas and Don
Richard and Angela and Jeremy come on in
here gather around we're going to be
talking about a few things
but not until we have the simultaneous
imp it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams and it's time for the solid
simultaneous sip be it coffee beauty be
it water be as a juice be it in a mug a
vessel a cup it doesn't matter it's time
now for the simultaneous up join me
oh good good stuff so the big
interesting news today is about the
accusations against judge Cavanaugh will
the accusations that come from decades
ago thirty or forty years ago when he
was in when Cavanaugh was a teenager
there's a woman who alleges that while
classmates at a drunken party he climbed
on top of her and tried to have his way
with her and he was pulled off by his
friend what was the name of the friend
who pulled judge Cavanaugh allegedly off
of the accuser what was the friend's
name judge his actual name so the
friends last name is judge now what are
the odds of that and I'll tell you why
that actually matters in a minute
so yes I'm on the road I'm in Las Vegas
at the moment just for fun so let me let
me give you some context because there
are a lot of low information voters out
there on the Left who don't understand a
few things that you already understand
or you're going to in a moment so
whether you were a low information
voters or not five minutes ago you're
going to be the highest information
voter of all the information voters I'm
going to take you up to the height the
height the height
of information on this topic anyway so
the first thing we must ask ourselves is
what about the credibility of the
accuser the evidence we have is a memory
from 30 or 40 years ago while people
were inebriated that's the first piece
of information the second piece of
information she says she took a
lie-detector test and passed the third
bit of information is that a reporter
for the Washington Post
claims that she came to him or she came
to her the reporter in July so those who
are saying hey why did she wait so long
to come forward oh you can question how
long it took her but she did come
forward in July so that's the
information we have let's look at the
credibility of each of these lie
detectors are they credible nope no lie
detectors are not used in court and the
reason they're not used is because
they're not credible so they do they're
not backed scientifically what they're
good for is when somebody doesn't know
they don't work and they're afraid that
they might work you can get a reaction
on the machine just because somebody's
panicked that you've forced them into a
lie so it can be a useful tool if you're
let's say you're checking an entire
department and you're trying to find the
mole who leaked something you could
probably find somebody in that
department who if they knew who the
leaker was they might panic a little bit
and maybe you could convince them to
give up their secrets because they
thought they they thought they failed
the polygraph
so polygraphs do have a place they are
useful in certain situations but only to
narrow down things so if you get lucky
and somebody panics because they think
they're failing a polygraph
you can sometimes well often get them to
confess so it has that value but as a as
a measurement of accuracy of truth that
they don't have a purpose all right you
got that as a measurement of truth they
don't have a purpose polygraphs don't
now there are several problems one is
that people who believe their own lives
can pass secondly we don't know what
questions were asked if they were the
right ones thirdly if she had a false
memory she would also pass the polygraph
because she would believe her own memory
so the polygraph if that's all you had
we should not tell you anything all
right passing the polygraph doesn't mean
anything failing a polygraph might tell
you something it might help you narrow
down who's telling the truth but passing
one doesn't tell you anything I guess
the only thing it tells you is you
didn't fail now let's talk about two
false memories and here's the point
where all of you get to be the high
information voters hey yay you're in the
good group I call you super elite super
elite and and here's the thing that you
know that low information voters don't
know
how common false memories are now take
this situation itself but how many
people have read about this very
situation the accusations against
Kavanagh no to keep the current
situation how many people read it and
then walked away and had the facts wrong
a lot there are a lot of people who are
on social media talking about this very
situation which they just read about and
they already remember it wrong do you
see how common this is just look on
social media you'll see people all over
who already remember this story wrong
that's how common it is if you were to
have a let's say yeah a fight on the
street and then one hour later you
gathered up all of the witnesses and
individually so they're not they're not
influencing each other individually you
ask them what did you see who started
the fight give us the details what were
they wearing
you would have stories that didn't even
look like it was the same event it would
look like people had watched completely
different movies that's normal that's
normal if you think it's abnormal you're
a low information voters now what about
when you and your siblings or your
family get together and you talk about
details from your childhood you know in
for some of you that might have been 30
or 40 years ago as well how accurate are
those memories from 30 or 40 years ago
not those things you think our memories
are not actually even memories which is
hard to wrap your head around but it's
true the things you think our memories
of your childhood are not memories there
are little illusions which you have
created where you filled in the details
of something you don't really remember
you remember maybe the broad strokes you
can remember you let's say you went to
the zoo but you don't really remember
what the animals look like you can't be
sure who went with you you might have
your your age wrong by three or four
years so all that all of the important
stuff the details are manufactured after
the fact and I'm not saying and I'm not
saying that it's about a specific
situation or about you the normal way
everybody has a sense of memory of the
past as they invent it but that doesn't
mean they're wrong about everything so
there are certainly situations in which
if you could go back and check you would
find something true but are they
reliable if somebody said I remember an
event from 30 or 40 years ago if they
say that how much credibility should you
give it now let's say there was drinking
involved and a traumatic event how
likely is the memory accurate
well if I had to put a likelihood on it
certainly not more than 50% I don't
think you could actually put a
percentage on it but just in in a broad
sense certainly not more than 50% likely
to be true and it wouldn't matter who is
telling the story and it wouldn't matter
what it was about if it was 30 40 years
ago we would have no way of knowing now
if you're a low information voters
you're going to say to yourself oh well
when people have accusations most of the
time most of the time those accusations
are correct and that might actually be
true because most accusation accusations
are fresh and most accusations can be
proven by other witnesses and evidence
so it's probably true most accusations
probably aren't you I don't know what
percentage 80 percent 99 percent most
are probably true but when you go back
30 or 40 years are most memories true I
don't know if it's even most because it
starts falling off really quickly when
you don't have corroborating information
and you're going back decades and you've
been drinking so if you've noticed on
social media that there's sort of a trap
that's been set so already people are
coming after me on social media and I've
had to block a few people so just by
talking about the existence of false
memory
and the fact that polygraphs are not
credible technology for memory memory
confirmation just talking about the
science of it makes people say you
misogynist woman-hating bastard yeah so
you can see the forces already lining up
against me as well
so that's part of the the trap of it is
you can't talk about it you can't even
talk about the technology of it you
can't talk about the likelihood it's
true none of that now let me talk about
a related topic I have proposed that in
the context of I've proposed that in the
context of politics because politics
affects us all that we employ what I
call the twenty year rule the 20 year
rule goes like this if there's an
accusation that's over 20 years old just
ignore it
even if it's true just ignore it and the
reason is the several reasons number one
you can never verify something that's
twenty years old
and number two were not really the same
people we worked when of years ago yeah
we share a history we share an ID with
who we worked one years ago we share you
know we share maybe the same house we
had that there's a lot of stuff that's
the same but people aren't really the
same people they were 20 years ago and
it's quadruple e true if you're
comparing a senior citizen to a 17 year
old I don't know how old Cavanaugh is
not senior citizen probably but if you
if you're comparing somebody is late 50s
to his or her 17 year old self
do I really care how horrible the 17
year old self was well I care if there
was a victim if there's a victim
involved we can care about the victim of
course but it's not the same person it's
just not the same person and before you
say well Scott before you say this to me
Oh Scott isn't that convenient that just
when the the person that mr. president
Trump likes gets accused of something
now you say let's have the twenty year
rule but that didn't happen
some of you already know that I've had
the twenty year rule for some time now
and I say that Hillary Clinton benefits
from it I don't care what she did with
white water or anything else just don't
care if it's twenty years old they're
just different people if they've done
anything in the last twenty years then I
say throw it in the mix and let the
voters decide but if it's more than
twenty years ago I say it doesn't really
matter if it's true it's just not the
same person you're you're accusing
somebody you know a third party for all
practical purposes and then somebody
says let's let Bubba off the hook yeah
so I would apply the same standard to
Bill Clinton to anybody now part of this
is self-preservation because when it
comes to politics if you didn't allow
anybody into the job who had you know a
spotty record from 40 years ago
you just have to clean out the whole
Congress and who knows how many you know
accusations from that time would even be
true so as a practical matter you can't
really run a country that way you can't
really run a country with
twenty-year-old accusations against
everybody who comes through because it's
going to be everybody it's just gonna be
everybody so
I would say first of all I would apply
the standard to Cavanaugh I would apply
it to Bill Clinton article apply it to
anybody you want to apply it to both
sides 20 year rule here's the next thing
you know I often talk about this
simulation the idea that we're not real
flashing blood but that we were created
by some earlier species and we think
were real but were actually some kind of
a software simulation and you know the
argument for that which is its if
anybody could create one simulation they
probably created lots of them so it's
very unlikely that we're the the
original when the odds of so many
simulations being created by now is so
high so here's the evidence you look for
to find out if you're part of a
simulation and I believe I think I'm the
the author of this idea I've never heard
it anywhere but every time I say I have
a new idea somebody always says oh
that's in that sci-fi book from 1984 you
stole that idea so I don't know that
this is an original idea but I'm pretty
sure I didn't hear it anywhere so if
you've seen it somewhere in the book let
me know and the idea goes like this that
there is a way for us to determine if we
are real like an original species or a
simulation and the way you could do that
is by looking at how we alleged humans
do software development in if our
reality that we see around us yeah that
we can touch and drink if that reality
has the same limitations that a
programmer would have built into a
software simulation well then we're
probably a simulation for example if you
built a simulation you wouldn't let the
characters see beyond the edges of it in
other words you wouldn't let them get
out of the simulation so they could look
in and see it and sure enough we've had
universe that's it infinite and you
can't travel faster than the speed of
light and the universe is expanding at
the speed of light because the light
itself is expanding or is moving in
outward directions so so you know it
fits that we can't get outside the
simulation who incidentally we can't see
the smallest part of the simulation in
other words no matter how good your
you're no matter how good your what do
you call it microscope is you can't see
the smallest thing oh yeah we can deduce
that there are particles and we can
split a particle but what's the particle
made of nobody knows what this stuff is
made of and if you could find out what
the particles are made of what's that
stuff made of in other words everything
is made of something else but could you
look good do you keep going down the
list of what things are made of forever
is everything made of something else and
would it be an infinite progression
because that makes no sense so that's
one of your signs that you're in a
simulation here's the other side the
other side is that we would have lots of
false memories because if you built if
you built a simulation would you make a
real history that existed like for every
every single thing that happened in the
universe would you have to create it and
then store it so that in case anybody
had a memory that was in conflict with
another memory as we have with Kavanagh
and his accuser two people have
different memories would the person who
made the simulation create would create
a simulation that has in it every fact
that's ever happened just in case
there's ever a disagreement
and then people could say okay one of
those is true one of them is not let's
figure it out
you wouldn't really build it that way
because it would take too much resource
instead you would give people false
memories for any situation that can't be
confirmed that's the important part
can't be confirmed so if there was an
event in the past like the Kennedy
assassination there's a video of it that
video collapses the reality and makes
that the actual shared reality and they
can never change because there's a video
proof of it but what about the memory
that Cavanaugh did something bad that
conflicts with the memory that he did
not those are opposites it can't be true
in in a normal normal universe it could
not be true that he did something bad
while simultaneously true that at the
same time he wasn't there and didn't do
anything can't be true but if we live in
a simulation they can both be true so in
other words as long as those two
competing histories can never be
fact-checked they both exist as true as
true as anything else in the simulation
because the simulation isn't true it's a
it's a movie that's presented to us so
in the simulation it can be true that
the event happened at the same time it's
true that it didn't happen and the only
thing that would collapse those two
those two competing memories the only
thing that could turn them into one is
independent and corroboration probably
not from another person because another
person just has faulty memory - it would
have to be from a videotape maybe the
mother finds a diary page that talked
about it
maybe there's you know I don't know some
some weird situation where there's
physical evidence but in my world the
world that I actually see and perceive
and go through life as if it's the real
reality in my world which I do not
suggest you share both are true that's
the actual world that I exist in in
other words my the perception that I
have all the time is that both histories
can be a hundred percent true because
neither of them are true meaning we're a
simulation there's nothing that's true
but if one of them were ever confirmed
it would harden into the history and if
it's never confirmed without an outside
corroboration the two histories just go
on as true they're both true forever is
this how you landed Christina well that
plus my good looks
alright now here's the question what are
the odds let's go back to talking about
false memories
remember the coincidence I told you that
this situation with Cavanaugh is about a
judge who's trying to become an even
more famous judge at the same time he's
being accused of doing something when he
was 17 that was stopped by his friend
whose last name is judge think about
that the last names friend who was the
only other person in this reality who's
named I think there were some unnamed
people who were allegedly there but of
the people who are named one is a famous
judge and one is named judge now if you
were going to create a false memory
about a judge doing something to you and
it just happened to be that there were
two judges in the same story what does
that do to the credibility of your
memory
well when memories are false
they're often suggested by something so
false memories are not created and of
just nothing they're usually created end
of some experience you've had something
that's suggested in fact the main way
that a false memory can be created is
through questioning
so if you were to take somebody in and
the person who was a let's say saying
they were accused of some crime or had
some experience like a UFO let's say
somebody comes and says I think I saw a
UFO false memories can be implanted in
that person the details of that can be
implanted by the person asking the
questions and this is very
well-established
there are studies that show you can
easily implant false memories by putting
him in a suggested form and the question
so that so if a person came and said I
think I saw a UFO here's how you would
implant a false memory in that person
you would say oh yeah a UFO was it was
it football-shaped was a football-shaped
or was it disc shaped you just implanted
a false memory because the person who
said they saw the UFO didn't say that
they saw a shape and maybe it wasn't a
distinct shape maybe it was a light but
if a person says I saw a light and I
think it was a UFO and then the person
asking the questions about it says was
his sheep like a football
what was it more of a disc probably you
just implanted a false memory that's the
way it's done
because the person who saw the light and
was not registering it as a shape hears
those two suggestions and says yeah I
think it was more a little more football
II than it was disc yeah it was it was
football it was football shaped yeah
yeah it was definitely football shaped
and from that moment on they'll start
remembering it as football shaped so
this is very well demonstrated it's a
known scientific process it does happen
as fast as I just described it it's just
like that a false memory can be
implanted in a normal person in a
routine way that fast
he happens just to do it all the time
now if you had remembered a story about
being attacked and you didn't remember
all of the people there but you
remembered that one of the people there
was named judge let's say that's the
only part you remembered and somebody
says to you you know who else was there
well there was somebody named judge and
there were some who were his friends
somebody else was there was it oh it was
Mike Cavanaugh see what I just did there
so the person they're asking the
question planted to fell a false memory
oh I'm sorry Brett Kavanaugh got his
name wrong
so what I just did was I implanted a
false memory and let me let me say it
again so you see how easily it is so if
the victim says in high school this bad
thing happened to me and I don't
remember all the details
I remember that were there were four I
think there were four guys there can you
remember any of them well yeah there was
this guy named his last name was judge I
can remember him who else was there
now the name judge is in your mind
because it's the only person you could
remember and by the way he the friend
whose name is judge is not he's not
accused of doing anything I don't want
to start any any false memories here
so the friend is not accused of anything
in fact in her telling of the story the
friend is who took the attacker off of
her so so the person who's named judge
is being remembered as a hero
not as an attacker I want to be clear
about that
but once that once that name of that
person named judge is in her head and
years have gone by and the other person
she knew in that class who may have been
at the party is an actual judge memories
conflate so the fact that one person was
named judge and that's the one she
remembers for sure makes the odds of her
miss remembering somebody who is also a
classmate and also a judge the odds of
that becoming a false memory skyrocket
now did everybody understand that that
because the friend's name was judge and
you're you're dealing with a very false
or not false memory but a vague memory
that the person asking the questions if
you got the the accuser to say the name
judge and I'm not talking about the
reporter she talked to this summer I'm
talking about people she told the story
to probably over the years so it could
have been 20 years ago she told the
story for the first time and she was
telling her friend and she's just
telling the friend you know hey it was
these four guys I remember one of them
one of them it was named judge who are
the other ones and then suddenly the
word judges in her head and she's
thinking of the the group of guys and
there's another one who happened to be a
judge now he became a judge what are the
odds that that association would cause
her to have a false memory of an actual
judge pretty good so if you don't
understand how likely a false memory can
be planted
then you're a low information voters
what are the odds it means nothing you
mean what are the odds that it didn't
happen
the odds of some event happening to that
the accuser was the odds that the
accuser experienced an event it's
probably closer to a hundred percent the
odds of her remembering it accurate
accurately are vanishingly small the ads
of her getting the main parts important
which is you know was it an attack who
was involved the odds of getting those
big facts right fifty-fifty maybe I'd
say fifty-fifty
yeah are hearing some stories about
Cavanaugh's mom being a judge who was
involved in a case that involved the
accusers family for closing their house
I don't know how true that is or how
much that matters it's hard to know
now it's also relevant as we're picking
out you know what's likely and what's
not what are the odds that the accuser
would be a rabid Hillary supporter what
are the odds well pretty good you know
50/50 or something but why is it never
the other way you know it are we to
believe that if a conservative had been
sexually attacked that she would not
come forward so are you wondering about
that don't you wonder don't you wonder
yeah had there been a conservative who
had been attacked would that
conservative come forward
oh I need a hill but that's also ancient
history I don't think you can take too
much from Anita Hill because that's just
too long ago in our current climate you
know our current hyper-partisan climate
what are the odds that it's always
Hillary supporters who come forward Roy
Moore is that accuser was a trump
supporter okay that's a good counter
counterexample I will accept you a
counter example I don't know if it's
true but I'm gonna accept that it
probably was
all right so you saw two examples there
so if you're asking yourself what is the
importance or the relevance of the fact
that the accuser was a rabid I don't
know how rabid she was don't want to
read her mind but she seemed to be a
strong supporter of Democrats and in the
comments we saw two examples where it's
not always the Democrat was making the
accusation against the Republican so put
that in your so put that into your
confirmation bias machine yeah the whole
Keith Ellison situation is surprising I
don't know the reason for that do you do
you have any idea why the Keith Ellison
thing is not making a dent and yet
have you had everything else seems to
yeah let's started somebody made a
comment that's a good one because people
believe at least on the left people
believe that they're on the side of good
and that the other side is evil
pretty much anything is allowed the you
know the controls are off talk about
your you know there's sort of a a
check-in a control on human behavior
because other people are watching you
you're normally the fact that other
people are watching you and you could go
to jail for doing bad stuff to just the
social control of people would cause
them not to do terrible things but we've
lost our social control because now
people say that other side is a bunch of
Nazis you can do anything you want to a
Nazi there's no control on that so
suddenly you've got a situation where
the social controls are off Democrats
can no longer control each other because
they don't will see the world the way
you see it Franken had to step down yeah
so elephant well Al Franken didn't have
to step down he just did step down if he
had stayed who knows get to the Coast
Guard story
yeah there's you also the Coast Guard
story there was a Coast Guard person in
the background of a video story and who
he appeared to give the white power
symbol now I saw that and I could not
for the life of me think of anything
that could be that wasn't the white
power symbol in other words whether I
looked at it I thought to myself okay
whatever that is it's certainly not it's
not natural looking it doesn't look
natural but the fact that I think it
doesn't look natural
how much does that matter doesn't
doesn't mean anything the fact that I
didn't think it'd look natural that
doesn't tell me what another person is
thinking or why they're doing anything
it means nothing yeah it could be a
troll it could be accidental it could
not look like what it looked like could
be anything so I think what you can
conclude from it is that you can't
really conclude anything from it
session says that those who suppress
free speech should be suppressed is he
talking about the social media companies
I saw the story that Jack Dorsey of
Twitter admitted that conservatives
would not feel comfortable at the
company or don't feel comfortable at the
company and I thought well that's an
understatement but I think it's
important that he I I think it's it's
important that Jack Dorsey has said
publicly he acknowledges the situation
because that's the first step to doing
something about him
what has Q predicted do people still
believe in Q is Q still a thing
give me a sense on this periscope I know
a lot of people who were huge supporters
may have stopped watching me but say say
yes or no how many do you believe q is
real
I'm lucky your comments so look at the
comments so you can see your fellow
through the filters so I'm seeing about
does it look like two to one three to
one against Q being real no all I see is
nose now all the yeses went away well
here's a interesting experiment how come
all the yeses came first and now it's
almost a solid wall of nose I saw one
why Wow okay let me tell you what just
happened because I don't think you just
realized what happened somebody was
passing around a story recently an
article about us a study showing how
easy it is to change people's opinions
with essentially peer pressure in other
words they've done studies where I think
this study was they would show people
two lines and they would say which line
is longer and and if the person was
alone they'd look at the two lines
they'd see the one that's longer and
they'd say okay this life is longer so
when they were not influenced people
could see the reality for what it was
but as soon as you added some people who
were working with the researchers and
the people working with the researchers
would say oh yeah that other line is the
long one so the researchers would try to
influence the person who didn't know
they were trying that they were being
influenced to say something that clearly
wasn't was obviously not true the length
of two lines and it turns out that you
can very easily make somebody see two
lines differently like right in front of
their eyes they're looking at two lines
if nobody is there to influence them
they no one is bigger not the big one if
somebody's there in it and they're
they're pretending they think the other
line is the long one something like a
third of them will change their mind
immediately I think it's a it's a big
number whatever it is
so what I did here in this periscope was
I asked you if Q is real or fake did you
see how the how the answers went in the
beginning when I first asked the
question people gave their answer
without influenced by other people
because the other the other comments
hadn't come in yet there's a lag so when
I asked the question the people who
believe that Q is real said yes and you
saw a bunch of yeses yes yes yes no no
yes yes yes yes yes no yes yes but the
more nose you saw it very quickly
collapsed reality until the only answer
you were seeing was no at the end did
you see that in real time it was exactly
like the experiment as soon as the
people who said yes could observe that
the people that they would consider
appears essentially were or two by a
majority probably two to one were saying
no as soon as they saw it was a two to
one no it went to a hundred percent no
you saw that right not a hundred percent
but it went to something like 90 percent
yeah you watch that in real time in real
time you watch people's memories being
faked because the reason the people
think Q is real is that they they have
false memory of it which is a perfect
connection to the earlier topic let me
explain to you why some people think you
is real meaning that the predictions are
accurate
obviously there's people involved so the
people are real but the the reason that
people believe that Q is accurate yeah
is why it's because they remember
accurate predictions they remember it
now is it a truth that Q has amazingly
accurate predictions no it's not true
and can be easily demonstrated as many
people have they've shown all the
examples of Q predictions that were not
even close to true now the people who
believe Q is accurate they simply don't
remember the ones that were wrong those
are false memories they have a false
memory of Q so if you're asking yourself
here's a perfect example if you're
asking yourself how often do people have
false memories ask yourself how many
people believe in Q because everybody
who believes in Q got there the same way
they got there at first because it was
interesting and people were talking
about it and you know maybe they were a
little open-minded at first but over
time they came to believe that the
predictions were spookily accurate and
that hardened their belief that it was
real but those were not real memories
those were false memories they simply
just didn't remember the ones that
weren't real and when there was a vague
one other people would say that's not
vague that's right on that he'd nailed
it he said something vague sure but once
you see the real result you know it
wasn't vague at all so Q is a false
memory phenomenon you can tell how
easily false memories are embedded by
looking at the Q situation it's a false
memory phenomenon
I know those of you who are still pro-q
or having a tough time with this I'm not
making fun of you
and this this has to be really clear I
am NOT making fun of Q believers because
having false memories in in this kind of
a context is a hundred percent normal a
hundred percent normal in fact if you
would describe to me this situation and
let's say I'd never been involved with
it never heard of Q at all and just if
somebody came to me said hey there's
somebody who claims they're making
predictions and they're making lots of
predictions and some people say they're
not coming true but other people are
convinced that they are tell me what's
happening if that's all I knew I would
say oh that's a completely normal
situation the you're talking about false
memories the people who don't see it are
always the ones with the better memories
the people who do see something the
accuracy in this case are almost always
the ones with the hallucination the
false memory okay so if you - if you see
somebody claiming something is clearly
true and somebody else looking at the
same stuff and this is the important
stuff the important point is they're
looking at exactly the same evidence
they're in the same room and one says
there's a giraffe standing right in
front of me and the person right next to
you same room same time is looking
around and saying there is no giraffe in
this room which one of them is right
it's always the one who doesn't see the
giraffe
q is a phenomenon where some people see
it as clear as the nose on their face
and other people look at the same stuff
and they don't see it which is true it's
always a wonder doesn't see it so now if
you take the Cavanaugh story and compare
it with the Q situation you can see that
the the dominant element is common to
both those stories false memory is so
pervasive and so normal and it's so the
context of our existence that when you
see how many people believe in Q that
tells you how easily people can have
false memories
and remember the Q false memories are
all within the last three years whether
or not the accuser has a false memory we
cannot know but the the odds of it being
a false memory go through the roof one
year thirty years best all right will
Cavanaugh get confirmed
I say yes so here's my prediction
Cavanaugh will get confirmed if
Cavanaugh doesn't get confirmed there
will never be another none other Supreme
Court justice
that's probably probably overstating it
but if Cavanaugh doesn't get confirmed
because of this there might be something
else that comes up but if it's because
of this then I don't think there will
ever be another Supreme Court nomination
that gets all the way through because
there will there will always be
something as good as this so I get I'm
guessing that the adults in Congress
will decide yeah I'm guessing that the
adults will decide that they can't run a
country with this standard and it is it
is does it seem to you that it's a
tremendous power shift from male to
female
I know most of you are saying duh
because it's so obvious but this
situation with Cavanaugh appears to me a
tremendous power shift because now that
it's clear that this can happen to
essentially anybody it was male but
probably can't happen to a woman it's
sort of the the perfect attack for for
women so if you're a woman and you think
women don't have enough power in society
and you'd like to see more of it and
that probably explained that you know I
think that describes a lot of people the
this is the best way to do it because
women are largely immune from this not a
hundred percent but largely immune and
so if if Cavanaugh goes down because of
this independently of whether something
really happened or not
that almost won't matter it will make
it'll make it impractical to be a male a
male nominee to the Supreme Court you
might actually have Supreme Court
nominees for male who are aware of
nothing that's a problem in their life
just say I don't want to lose my
marriage you know there might be people
who are nominated for the Supreme Court
or male and they talk to their family
and the wife says look if you go through
this nomination process our marriage is
going to be just totally screwed because
somebody is gonna come forward that's
how it works now those are the new rules
so I don't know I don't know if man can
run for office I can tell you that in my
case I would not run for president in
the current situation I wasn't planning
on it anyway but if I were let's say if
I thought like well I would win if I ran
for president I would definitely win but
by the way how many of you think that if
I ran for president I would win and
let's say not against Trump because I
couldn't possibly win against Trump how
many of you think that after I ran in
2024 I could win if I was just all in
I just wondered have him anything I
could so it looks like you're I just
split but a lot of people think I could
so the reason that I I predicted that
Trump would win was based on his
skillset not on his policies my skill
set is not as good as his but if I ran
for president it would be better than
whoever I ran against so I would have
the best skill set in the competition by
far it wouldn't even be close but that's
not all it takes - it still need still
need a lot of other qualities all right
I'm not gonna run so it doesn't matter
anyway I would say I hate to say this
but I'm gonna say it anyway if you're a
man and you're being considered for the
supreme court or running for president
it's probably a bad decision
it's probably a bad decision because
you're gonna be ruined
Trump is a unique character because it
doesn't seem to matter what we learn
about his past it just doesn't make any
difference
I think Kanye would have the same
quality now you if you found out things
about his past you'd say well it wasn't
a big surprise Oh me and Candice that
would be an interesting package imagine
be running for president with Candice
Owens as my vice president candidate I
think Candice would have one problem
with that plan
what would Candace's problem be what
what problem would she have being on a
ticket with me me as president and her
as vice president because yeah it should
be turned around she should be ready for
president but it'll give her a few years
before she's ready all right he would
have to choose a party at what I would
have to choose a party and I would and I
could win and neither party now that's
not true that used to be true but now
it's not true I could win as a
Republican but I couldn't win as a
Democrat short and bold sorry those days
are over
you know the height and the hair used to
make a bigger difference but now
persuasion tools are more important I
think all right that's all I've got to
say for now I'm gonna let you go and get
back to your day get back to your day
nice talking to you bye for now