today I've got to do a little tweaking
and some of the programming has some
issues so this reality that you're
experiencing the one that you think is
real it's a simulation I'm actually in
the control room that controls the
simulation for reality I had to tweak a
few things I'll be talking about that
but not until not until this cycle thing
you said what do you need for the
simultaneous it well you don't need to
be in the control room for the
simulation yourself you can just be
where you are all you need is a cup or a
mug or glass a tanker chelators time a
canteen jug or flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee you might be wondering how
my coffee stays in my cup as zero G's
what it does now join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine heat
of the day the thing that makes
everything better
simultaneous it ah space version yeah
you're wondering how do i how can I
possibly drink a liquid in a cup as zero
G's and the answer is practice yeah
takes a lot of practice so here's the
reason that I came up to the simulation
control room there was some seemed to be
some kind of glitch in the
cause-and-effect chain something that
needed a little reprogramming you you
probably also the story about Iran
downing a Ukraine airline with a missile
and your first reaction probably was hey
that looks like Iran's fault
looks like Iran's fault because they're
the ones who fired the missile and
brought down the Ukraine the airline
leaving Turan but then some Democrats
and then some Iranian 's pointed out we
got that wrong it's actually you have to
you have to back up a little bit in the
cause of the fact chain and see why did
they fire the missile in the first place
and as they accurately pointed out
it was president Trump's adventurism his
adventurism if President Trump had not
killed a Sultanate
Salman a then there would be no reason
for the Iranians to be worried about a
counter-attack
they wouldn't have blown up their
missile so I think I think the Democrats
are completely right there you have to
back it up and find out that President
Trump was the cause of those problems
but wait wait wait a minute
this is the reason I came up to the
control room for the simulation you
can't stop there right cause and effect
did not start this week cause and effect
has been going on for a while all right
I programmed it that way that's how the
simulation worked so I came up to the
control room to see how far I could
trace it back to find out who's really
responsible so the chain is that the
Iranians fired the missile but it was
only because President Trump killed
Psalm na and they had to respond and
then there was danger but who created
President Trump right because the cause
of the fact keeps going and I would say
it was the voters the voters voted in
President Trump so it's not really
president Trump's fault it's the voters
right well that's not exactly true as I
was doing some research I realized that
the voters actually there were more
voters for Hillary Clinton so I don't
think you can you can blame the voters
because the voters actually chose
Clinton but you can't look at the
Electoral College because the way the
Electoral College works even though
President Trump got fewer votes which
really absolves the voters I think he
got them in the right places so he won
anyway so it's really about the
electoral college is the problem for why
the airline guys shot down but wait the
electoral college electoral college did
not create itself but we'd agree right
somebody created the electoral college
it's in the Constitution
so really the blame kind of goes back to
the founders
right because they created the electoral
college the electoral college allowed
the voters to vote in Trump with fewer
votes than Hillary Trump gets in there
he kills Solomon a and then the Iranians
accidentally shoot down the Ukraine
airline so it kinda goes back to the
founders of the United States so I was
going to put the blame on the founding
fathers of the United States for
creating this whole series of events but
then I realized wait a minute
why were the founders writing a
constitution they didn't do it for
Fontan there was a cause King George
Great Britain so King George created a
series of taxes in an uncomfortable
situation for the colonies which caused
them to have a revolution which caused
them to write a constitution which
caused them to make the electoral
college that caused Trump that caused
him to kill Solomon a with Solomon a
which caused the Iranian to
counter-attack which causes them to
accidentally shoot down the jet so I
think we've traced this thing all the
way back to the royal family in Great
Britain and that's sort of where the
trail goes cold so I thought to myself
probably exactly what you're thinking
right now right if the royal family in
Great Britain is responsible for this
whole Ukraine airline situation there's
probably some reparations that need to
be discussed so I thought that seemed
reasonable so I thought I better call
the Queen and see what she can do to
make good on this I don't want to make
this all public and everything but I
wanted to call the Queen of England and
just get her take on this maybe remind
her that it's her responsibility
her family anyway the monarchy and so I
placed a call to the Queen of England
and now I know what you're thinking
you're thinking you can't just call up
the Queen of England because she's busy
right well you're thinking of the old
days the current Queen of England Queen
Elizabeth she doesn't have a lot of
hobbies you know she's not she's not
jogging
she's traveled everywhere that she needs
to travel so it turns out that when
she's not doing a public event she's not
doing much so she's available to take a
call so I placed a call to the royal
family and of course some operator
you know intercepts and I said I'd like
to talk to the Queen you know about this
business with the Ukrainian air line
being shot down it's her fault or
family's fault and they said sir we
cannot just put you through to the Queen
it doesn't work that way and I said oh
I'm Scott Adams I'm the creator of the
simulation and they said oh very good
we'll put you right through so I get
connected to the Queen and I explained
this whole situation and I said the only
thing that's going to make make goodness
is some kind of reparations I mean you
can't get away with this you just you
know your monarchy King George cause the
Revolution the Constitution you like
I'll call it as Trump playing gets shot
down
what are you gonna do about it you seem
likely to be some kind of price for that
and she said you know if we if we're
making money
everybody's gonna find out it becomes a
big deal is there any way we can do
something on the down low I said well
I'll tell you if it's not gonna be money
you know money is sort of the universal
self sell for everything self is that a
word so I said look we'll work something
out this is what you got to do
and I said Queen Elizabeth this is a big
deal there's got to be a price to be
paid but if it's not going to be money
this is what I'll settle for I need you
to pick two members of the royal family
and can't come out of the family and
that'll be your price and the Queen said
I can't kick two members of my own
family and of the royal family I can't
do that I said look I'm not even gonna
tell you who it is it doesn't even have
to be one of your favorites right it
doesn't have to be Charles I know you
like him you kind of attached to it
just pick any two Royals if you want you
can pick whichever Royals are the
biggest pain in the ass and just kick
him out of the family now I haven't been
following the headlines lately so I
don't know if she followed up on that
but that was our agreement that because
of this horrible chain of cause and
effect the monarchy is taking
responsibility and they're getting rid
of two members of the royal family the
ones they like the least to make up for
it
so that's why I'm here I'm in the
simulation control room because every
now and then things get out of whack and
I've just I've just got to go in there
and push a button you know tweak
something a little bit so we're all good
now have you seen the pictures of the
Iranian demonstrations so apparently the
Iranian public some some portion of that
mostly students I think are protesting
their own government for lying to them
about the downing of the airplane but
I've got a little bit of suspicion about
the size of those crowns have you
noticed that the the images were seeing
the videos coming out of Iran and
they're not many because you could
probably get killed for taking that kind
of video but have you noticed that the
the pictures don't really show the full
let's say perimeter of the crowd so you
could get some kind of aerial view I
feel as though those protests might not
be as big as we're hoping that they are
I just don't know yet so I'm just gonna
put that out there that based on the
images as we see we may be getting a
distorted opinion of how big these
demonstrations are they might be a lot
smaller than we think not because the
public doesn't want them to be big but
because yeah there's a real fear of
being killed because the last group of
protesters hundreds of them got killed
we know that to be true so here's the
question this is is this Ukraine airline
flight sort of eight
point because you know sometimes people
need what I call the fake because we do
things because we have reasons but
sometimes there are things you already
want to do but you need a trigger you
need something to get you going
you need something to focus on and say
oh that's why I'm doing it because of
this it's the final straw
so sometimes sometimes people need a
psychological crutch to allow them to do
the thing that they very much wanted to
do anyway they just needed that little
bit of a fake because of this and I'm
wondering if this you create an airline
situation given that Iran shot down and
they are lighted with lots of Iranian
citizens on it I'm wondering if the
citizens of Iran will say all right
that's the final straw they could you
know compared to all the other things
the the regime is doing it's not worse
it's not worse than all the other stuff
they're doing but sometimes the public
just needs a thing to grasp on and say
okay now we're gone you know now you've
taken it too far this is the final thing
it might be that but I'm suspicious if I
had to bet I'd bet against it but I'm
hopeful that the public has changed
there's a viral video if you haven't
seen it it's kind of it's really
interesting and it is apparently at one
of the universities where these protests
are going on in Iran the government or
the University or somebody had painted a
gigantic Israeli and American flags at
the entrance to the University so that
everybody who walked into the university
would walk on top of the US flag and the
Israeli flag
I mean think of that I mean just
thinking about the fact that there was
an official like Government Act to put
the flags of two other nations on the
ground so you can walk on I'm just
thinking about that can't can we ever be
friends with the regime that does that
anyway the video showed
the protesters in ratios are probably
97% or so it looked we're walking around
it so the protesters refused to walk on
the flags of the US and Israel while
they're protesting their own country I
said I imagine that normally they just
go you know walk on it because it's the
fastest path now there were a few people
who are making a point of walking on it
and you have the protesters yelling I'm
but watching just this huge throng of
crowd walking so it's this big column of
people walking toward the place where
the flags are on the sidewalk and then
and they just split and they walk around
it it's kind of interesting because
that's that's one of those things that
tells you what they're really thinking
you can't always look at a protest and
know what's going on because you don't
know you know is that a government
protest is it a bigger deal than we
think or a smaller deal is it just
political or do they really feel this
way but when you see them spontaneously
unwilling to walk on the flags of the
two countries that their government told
them are the devil you're seeing
something basic happening
I think it's respect I think that's what
is I think it's respect and that's a
really good sign and let me say to the
Iranian public that respect is
completely returned meaning that the US
has a lot of respect for the Iranian
protesters a lot of respect and a lot of
respect for the public in general it's a
very it's an excellent public and I
think that maybe social media especially
you know if Iran never got any kind of
real social media you'd find that public
to public we just don't want a war and
we may be at a point in history think
about this for a second Iran isn't quite
there but you can see the beginnings of
this imagine if you will sometime in the
future there are two countries doesn't
have to be the United States doesn't
have to be Arab just two countries and
they're about to get into a war or it
looks like they might but social media
allows the public's of each country to
talk directly
and the public talks to each other it
says do you want a war and the people in
the other country say no we like you
guys do you like us and the other
country says you know we kind of like
you guys no we don't like what you're
doesn't ensuing but we like you you know
and you like us why is art why are our
countries getting into war isn't the
real problem our common enemy is our
governments I think we're at the point
where citizens will directly stop wars
think about that this is an extension of
my of my concept that the Republic is
already a legacy system so our
Constitution the way it's drawn up is a
republic where we elect people and send
them off to make rules for us but the
public now because of social media
largely can control the politicians in
real time down to the minute I mean we
you could change I believe you could
change what's happening in in government
in 15 minutes now I'm just gonna pick a
number if somebody made a viral tweet
saying you know government don't do
whatever it is you're planning to do it
would take 15 minutes to see that that
tweet was so popular that the government
would say what can they look at the
tweet and they see it has 28 million
likes or retweets against what they're
gonna do they're gonna wait I think you
say whoa did that tweet just get 20
million retweets and 15 minutes olá
apparently we don't have the country
behind us on this that's going to be a
real problem now we're not there yet but
youyou can see us knocking on the door
right the days of our idiot leaders
bring the nation into war might be over
it might be over we might actually be at
a point where the government can't go to
war if they also have social media
because the social media will say not in
your life you you leader will never be
reelected
go to the streets we will tear you apart
do not go to war
I think we're knocking on that door also
in the highly symbolic but maybe not
that meaningful Iran's only female
Olympic medallist
I guess she meddled in Taekwondo her
name is Kim iya Ella's ADA she just
defected so the only Olympic medalist
female in Iran just affected
good timing good timing right the so
there's nothing to this except that it's
symbolic and so here's the question I
asked you would I ran be the way Iran is
if women were in control probably not
right wouldn't you agree that Iran would
be a different place if women had
political power to the point where they
were making the rules probably not yeah
in the United States wouldn't you say
that women probably have as much or many
would argue even more political power if
only because there are more of them
there are more women than men and
certainly on some issues I would say
that they dominate the conversation so
what's the difference between the
Iranian women who don't have much power
compared to the men there and the United
States where it's at least closer to
equal you know depends on the issue you
know there's still there's still lots of
prejudice and discrimination and stuff
that never goes away but in terms of
political power one vote is one vote and
there are more women in this country
than men so in theory they have slightly
more power in reality we don't know but
well it makes me wonder if there's
something about the about the nature
of the relationship of men and women in
personal situations that makes this
difficult let me let me put this in the
clearest possible terms this is
speculation I don't know enough about
the culture to know but I'll put this
out there as a question there are X
number of men on the street protesting
probably a lot more men would like to
protest but they're they're being
reasonable about their personal risk let
me ask you this do you think it's the
women of Iran where at least a big
variable that is the women in Iran who
are preventing the men who are not
protesting from going to the street in
other words and maybe not directly and
said in the sense of don't go out there
but even indirectly as in the man
doesn't want to go in the street because
he's the only form of support for his
wife his mother his sister or whatever
so could there be a whole bunch of men
just putting this out there who
individually are absolutely brave enough
to go out there and risk their life for
their country but they're not brave
enough and I'm not saying this is a flaw
this would be a reasonable decision
they're not brave enough to put their
wife at risk their mother at risk or
their sister at risk could there be a
gigantic bunch of men who are just
itching itching to just throw out their
government because you know it's gonna
be the men physically it's gonna be the
man I'm talking about the kinetic part
the part where people get hurt that's
gonna be the man right and right now
there's X amount of man usually younger
ones who have a different risk profile
maybe they don't have you know the
family situation at cetera but let me
ask you this if the women of Iraq I'm
sorry the women of Iran if they ever
unleashed their men and leash is the
wrong word I don't want to put this in a
negative context everybody's acting
reasonable so there's no work no
unreasonable people in the story I'm
telling
but if the women of Iraq decide to let
their men go meaning don't worry about
me do what you got to do it's over right
I think the women of Iraq not maybe
maybe not directly they may not be
telling their husbands don't go outside
they may not be telling their sons and
brothers don't go outside but those sons
and brothers and fathers are saying if I
go outside these people of my family
both men and women will suffer you know
because if I get hurt they get hurt it
could be that the women of Iraq are
getting close to saying go do it
because if they do it's over because the
men in Iraq I think have unlimited
capacity for danger danger in a positive
way I think the men of Iraq have
unlimited capacity to take the risk for
themselves but they don't have unlimited
capacity to take risk on behalf of wife
mother's sister nobody has that if the
women if the women say go it's on that's
just speculation by the way again I
don't know that much about the the world
over there so it's just a maybe so
president Trump quite provocatively
tweeted in Farsi so the English version
of what he tweeted so we did in English
and a Farsi version speaking directly to
the Iranian public and if you haven't
seen it it's historically really
interesting so the English version says
to the brave long-suffering people of
Iran I'm sorry I've stood with you since
the beginning of my presidency and my
administration will continue to stand
with you we are following your protests
closely and inspired by your courage now
don't we always talk about other who's
saying Iran did I say Iraq I may have
said Iraq instead of Iran people in the
comments are correcting me so what I'm
talking about is Iran everything
everything I've said recently is Iran
Iran Iran so if I said Iraq just erase
that from your brain so here's the
interesting thing we're supposed to we
being countries are not supposed to
interfere with the internal politics of
other countries that's kind of basic
right it's all we've been talking about
all we've been talking about for two
years is the the other countries
interfering with our elections here's
the President of the United States
he's not just interfering a little bit
this is a lot of interference and it's
not subtle the President of the United
States is saying GoPro GoPro testers
basically he said he's actually
encouraging them to overthrow their
government now you talk about
interfering in the local politics of
another country you can't interfere any
harder than this this is pretty hard
interfering because it suggests that the
Iranian public would get some support
whatever that means should they
you should they have some success in
changing the government it's very
provocative I'm not sure if other
presidents would have done this I and
another president would have stayed out
of it but I'm not sure or at least maybe
he said something a little more neutral
like well we hope everybody's safer you
know I hope their voices are heard or
something so much in Eric but I think I
think Trump leaned into it all right so
there's talk about so this part is about
Iraq so the question of whether the US
should pull its military we have 5700
troops there I guess still in Iraq and
iraq is asking us leave and apparently
trump has threatened that will will shut
down some account that iraq has that the
i don't know central bank accounts that
the Federal Reserve controls or
something so we're going to put
sanctions and penalties on the Iraqi
government if they force us to leave
their country I don't know what to think
about that now I suppose it's just part
of the normal give-and-take
you know we're negotiating to not be
kicked out of the country but I don't
know why I don't think our government
has made a good argument to the public
why we need those 57 troops 5700 troops
have you heard I have now heard any
argument from my government that's
credible this out this is why they
should stay so now we have this absurd
situation where my government is
threatening another country to prevent
them from forcing us to do the things
that I want my government to do doesn't
make any sense at all you might as well
sanction me I mean you're randomly
sanctioning people who are trying to
help you do the thing that you're that
your citizens want to be done one of two
things has to happen in Iraq from a
voter perspective so just talking as a
citizen of the United States I want to
see one of two things either get all of
our forces out of Iraq even whatever
scheduled make sense or make an argument
to the public why we should stay I'm
open to an argument wouldn't you listen
to an argument i I would certainly
listen to an argument that says why
those those few thousand troops should
stay I haven't heard one I've heard you
know general vague things about blah
blah blah but I haven't heard an
argument you have an argument or get out
that's what I say apparently the public
and 57% of independents who were the
ones who depend decide most elections
are against Trump's actions on Iran are
you a little surprised by that
are you surprised that the majority of
independents are opposed to Trump's
actions and ran I don't know if that
means what we think it means I think is
easy to be opposed to his actions at the
same time you acknowledge they worked am
I wrong about that I I think the world
is have is of two brains simultaneously
at least some of us are I think you
could say President Trump
I am totally opposed to you getting all
warlike and threatening military action
against Iran that would be normal I mean
it would be a pretty reasonable opinion
that you're opposed to any warlike
threats against Iran but you could also
say well I watched you do it
I watched you take down Salomon a I
definitely would not have done that but
I watched you do it and it did work out
well I think you can have both you could
say I wouldn't have done it but I
acknowledge it worked I think a lot of
independents are somewhere in that gray
zone where this where the survey that
says the 57% of them disagree with the
president it might not mean what you
think it means I think this one's sort
of conflating a lot of stuff and maybe
it's more misleading than useful let's
see what else we got going on here
I think ad know let's talk about North
Korea so when you see me talk about
North Korea as you know it's not like
I'm some kind of North Korea expert so
it helps when somebody who knows what
they're talking about agrees with me
which happened recently so Devin Stewart
who may be watching this right now it
was a senior fellow at the Carnegie
Council for ethics in international
affairs and was founder of the council's
Asia program and he's taught courses on
Asian politics and international affairs
I'm only bringing this up to say he has
qualifications and expertise in the area
of
that we're talking about and he's
talking about North Korea and he's
writing in a publication called the
national interest and I'm just gonna
read this paragraph to you largely
because it agrees with what I said but
even more largely because it's such a
big opportunity that I don't understand
why we're not we're not taking it all
right so look for the big opportunity so
this is from Devin Stewart in the
national interest most crucially this is
at the end of his article Kim warned his
country to not sacrifice security for
economic benefits so in other words Kim
is signaling very clearly that yeah I'd
be great if we could develop our country
make more money but that's not the main
thing so we're all on the same side that
the main thing is that Kim stays in
power and the country stays safe all
right
so isn't North Korea is not asking for
golf courses or to become another South
Korea true but it almost no cost no cost
right no cost the United States could
alter the security environment in a
positive way in Asia by jointly
declaring an end to the Korean War which
is what I'd suggest the United States
has learned from its endless wars in
Iraq Afghanistan and on the Korean
Peninsula that I cannot spread democracy
by force or edict but American power can
be used for good by creating incentives
for peaceful behavior as Reagan defense
official Fred pickle noted every war
must end
it's past time for the United States to
declare an end to the endless Korean War
Kim has left a small opening for Trump
to move forward Trump just needs to push
on an open door now I love that analogy
if Ernie before pushing on an open door
that's what I'm saying
does anybody have a reason why we can't
just declare an end to the Korean War
now given that Kim is watching the I'm
sure he's watching on some level how the
Congress of the United States is trying
to
you know let's say is trying to put some
controls on the president waging war so
Kim trusts that President Trump does not
want war I think Kim trusts that so
there's evidence to suggest that Kim
likes trouble personally which suggests
he's not as afraid of Trump as he might
be of some other president so then
you've got to worry about the rest of
the country you got to worry about
Congress and Congress seems pretty
anti-war like at the moment if you're
Kim and you're looking at the Iranian
situation you're probably saying to
yourself oh it's a good thing I'm not
killing any Americans lately right so
that's the first thing you're gonna say
if you're Kim because the we're going to
kill you if you killed an American that
that foreign policy rule seems to be now
the American red line you killed even
one American that's it you know that now
we're gonna get get tough now of course
North Korea is nuclear so all the
calculations are different but I would
say that we could declare an official
and the war in North Korea and Kim
jong-un could reasonably imagine at that
point that we have no intention of any
military action against North Korea and
that might make them flexible on the
nukes over the long term so cost us
nothing let's declare an end to the war
because we have a psychological plate we
have a psychological problem with North
Korea we don't have the military problem
remember I always tell you that in order
to have a war you need you need at least
one of the two sides to think it's a
good idea right there's no I don't think
there's any such thing as a war at least
in modern times I don't think there's
ever been a war unless at least one of
the sides
thought they had something to gain what
would we gain by a war with North Korea
we can't even imagine it what would
North Korea gain with a war with the
United States well I can't even imagine
it you've got to to
to countries who only want to not have a
war how in the world can you not make an
agreement how do you not make an
agreement when you already agree you
don't even have to negotiate anything
because you're both at that you're both
actually starting at the endpoint the
endpoint is under no conditions do we
want to be a threat to each other that's
where you want to get to but it's also
where you're starting there's nothing to
negotiate it's a completely
psychological problem it's a hundred
percent psychological at this point
there's no physical reason for a war
just how we think about stuff that's it
now of course it does matter if they get
rid of their nukes but the only reason
for the nukes is their psychological at
one point it was real they had a real
threat in the past but the real threat
in the past from the United States has
now morphed into just a psychological
one and so you need a psychological
solution
somebody says have I talked about
Krugman yes I have we did that all right
I'm just looking at your comments here
because I've been jabbering a little bit
Oh where's hunter yeah so president
Trump humorously says that he can you
know in his debates all he needs to say
is where's hunter and now some
protesters are showing up that Biden's
events with a where's hunter the chant
I don't know none of that's important
it's just kind of fun the erased epstein
footage I think the epstein is getting
boring to me because I feel like
there'll be an endless drip drip drip of
new epstein stuff but I'm pretty sure he
killed himself and it would take a lot
to change my mind and what's not going
to change my mind is some evidence
disappear that's not going to change my
mind
for those of you joining late I'm coming
to you from the control room of a
simulation where I had to tweak the
simulation a little bit you probably
don't know this but this is the
simulation control room
impeachment have you noticed that I
barely talk about impeachment it's
because it's because there's nothing
left of it
impeachment is the is the big issue this
sort of rotted on its own
I feel like impeachment was this nice
fresh piece of fruit a few months ago a
few months ago we're like a nice piece
of fruit and then we all went on holiday
for you know the holiday season
everybody wanted a vacation and started
thinking about everything else and we
left the fruit on the kitchen counter
and we came back from vacation and that
beautiful fruit had rotted into this
little rotted stinking thing and that's
what's left of of of impeachment I can
barely even talk about it
because has no relevance to anything
nothing's gonna happen
it's just politicians wasting my time
every single moment that a politician
talks about impeachment I want to get
rid of that politician every minute I
see of any politician talking about a
stupid issue that has no importance
whatsoever is purely symbolic it's
wasting our time I'm starting to get to
the point you know I hate to be this you
know this person but don't we pay
Congress I mean seriously
we pay them to go make independent ish
decisions that that are compatible with
their with their constituents but we pay
them does this appeasement stuff look
like doing work it doesn't look like
work to me what the president does
mostly looks like work every day we wake
up and the president goes to work every
day we wake up and see here about
impeachment
Congress isn't going to work you know
there's I can tolerate I can tell the
rate a great range of you know
disagreement and silliness about
politics if the people are doing work
here's sort of my red line where I'm no
longer just joking around if we're
paying you and you're not working I
don't care what your opinion is I don't
care I don't care what your policies are
I don't care what your internal thoughts
are I don't care what you did with your
day if it wasn't work and I'm paying you
I think you need to be fired all right
are you with me at some point it's no
longer a political conversation at some
point is an employment conversation and
I think we're right on the on the border
of that at some point this whole
 about walking and chewing gum
has to be called out they can't walk
into your gum do you know why because
nobody can in the sense that you can't
focus on everything the same way if
you're focusing on one thing that is
energy and attention that we're paying
you to put on other things if you're
putting it on the wrong stuff you're not
walking and chewing gum you're you're
taking your focus off the ball you're
not doing infrastructure you're not
doing other things so I think we have to
I'm starting to lose the frame that this
is even a political difference it
doesn't feel like that it feels like
people were getting paid and they're not
showing up for work that's what it feels
like to be Trump
love him or hate him Trump shows up for
work right every single day has Trump
even taken a sick day I don't think so I
think he's worked for three years
including weekends because presidents
don't really take weekends off I think
he's working every day since he's been
elected he's suited up and he's he's
gone to the office probably every day
and even on the golf course he's yeah
he's working so I
think it's time to call the question you
know it's one thing to disagree
politically fine I'm okay with that but
you got to go to work you got to go to
work if we're paying you that's not
optional all right that's enough saying
the same thing over and over again all
right that's all I got for you today and
I guess I will talk to you tomorrow