[Music]
hey everybody come on in here where are
you worried that I was a little bit late
that's right I'm one minute late it's
not like me at all but I wouldn't miss
it for anything
even though it's perhaps the slowest
news day of all slow news days has there
ever been a slower news day than today I
don't think so but we'll be getting on
to the good stuff
next week but before we begin I think
you'd like to enjoy the simultaneous SEP
that's why you're here
and all you need is a cup or a mug or a
glass a tank or chelators time in the
canteen juggler flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine the
end of the day the simultaneous and said
go on so the news today is that
President Trump has raised a hundred
million dollars for his campaign which
turns out to be a pretty big number I
don't know how you could ever compete
with the incumbent because when the
incumbent is running for reelection
there's exactly one person that the
entire Republican Party even thinks of
to give money to it's not like they're
giving money to Trump and the other
candidate is just Trump but the poor
Democrats have to spread their their
love across all these candidates so
that's a pretty big hurdle for a
challenger that said apparently Bernie
Sanders has raised a huge amount of
money thirty four point five million
over the past three months which is a
lot especially when you're taking small
donations so Bernie is killing it on the
donations very interesting I wonder if
that predicts anything let's talk about
something else besides money although we
like money
good somebody says castor dropped I
don't know about that let's see so Ben
Shapiro has an article talking about how
the news business is having an awkward
time covering anti-semitism so
apparently there's at least anecdotally
and maybe factually as well there seems
to be some scary uptick in the
anti-semitism in New York City and
beyond and as Ben points out the problem
is that it's not the usual suspects so
if if we saw an uptick in anti-semitism
and the perpetrators were always of
premesis you can see non-stop news about
it but because a lot of the perpetrators
are black and brown as as Ben Shapiro
explains it
it makes a sort of awkward to talk about
it and I ask myself this this sort of
made me think I wonder if there's any
kind of research to show which ethnic
groups in the United States or let's say
which racial groups are the most
prejudiced did you ever wonder that
because one of the weird things about
being a generic white guy like I am is
that I hang around with a lot of generic
white people yeah I live in California
so it's sort of like a you know it's
always like the United Nations wherever
I am in California but I still spend a
lot of time especially online
interacting with generic white people
and there's a complete disconnect
between my experience of generic white
people and how everybody else seems to
see them because I think there's some
view that when white people get together
they're all talking about racist stuff
and you know lots of bad behavior but I
never see that I just it just isn't in
my experience and so I was wondering huh
you know maybe that's just a California
thing but I was wondering
I wonder if anybody's study that has
anybody ever studied who's the the most
racist group and turns out it's really
hard to find that but so I did a search
online and there's this Cora question
where somebody asked the same question
in America who are the most racist
groups and there was some some gentleman
who weighed in and said he had a lot of
data on it and here's the funny part
it was a Ukrainian you can't make this
stuff up the one thing I looked for that
would have been the most let's say
provocative thing like you know in fact
you could ever look up which is has ever
been studied which ethnic or racial
groups in the United States are the most
prejudiced themselves the most racist
and he of course had a list which I
wouldn't I wouldn't believe is true but
he put I won't say who was at the top
because that's just gonna cause trouble
but according to his list white people
in the United States were at the bottom
the the white people were the least
racist of any ethnic group in the United
States now he didn't show his link and I
wouldn't put any credibility to his
study and that makes it even funnier
that he's Ukrainian what is up with
these Ukrainians but the first question
I asked myself is why couldn't I easily
Google that why isn't it that when I
google it I always see anything on that
question doesn't it seem like such an
obvious thing to ask which who's you
know because white people are generally
in the target zone of being the the
racists but a lot of that might be this
so-called structural or institutional
racism in that it's not that what
anybody's doing necessarily it's just
the existence of the entire situation so
this sort of connects to Ben's Shapiro's
point that and then I'm going to add my
new my own new point
it seems to me that is easy to be less
racist when you're in power wouldn't you
say
if things are going well for whatever
group you're in you're now feeling a ton
of hatred for anybody else maybe even
feel some empathy for other groups but
if things are going well for your group
you just don't have a reason to hate
anybody because everything's going fine
and what I'm wondering is if the
changing demographic in the United
States
is going to cause maybe maybe it'll just
always be the same amount of racism no
matter what but it'll be spread across
different groups instead of people
imagining that white people are racist
against everybody else it feels like
there's some kind of a transition going
on at least in our minds where there's
there's some kind of recognition that
let's say racism and or prejudice and
all those things are somewhat baked into
everybody you don't get a free pass you
know you don't get to be born Brown and
therefore you're not racist at least in
terms of you know rather than debate the
definition of racist I'll just say we're
all pattern recognition machines but
we're not good at it
we see patterns we think they mean
something most of the time they don't
most patterns are just coincidence or
you know some other cause so I take is
that everybody's you know suffering from
pattern recognition and we're not good
at it which makes everybody a little
biased in every possible way you can be
biased but I don't think there's any
special thing going on with with one
group is what I'm saying all right
so Joe Biden has trotted out again the
fine people hoax
again it's as if he's immune to any kind
of any kind of persuasion against it now
genuinely curious and for anybody who's
not familiar there might be a few people
who are new here the fine people hoax is
the idea that the president said that
the neo-nazis and racists in
Charlottesville who were marching with
their signs and everything the the news
reported that the president called them
fine people that didn't happen it's
widely reported and so many of you were
listening to this for the first time or
say what what the hell are you talking
about Scott I saw it myself I heard it
with my own ears I said I heard the
president I saw it
he said that Scott what the hell are you
talking about and what the hell I'm
talking about is you didn't see that you
never saw that there are a lot of people
tens of millions of people who believed
they saw things that literally never
happened and it's easy to prove you just
have to google the transcript or google
the full video of the actual event you
think you remember just look at it just
see for yourself and you're going to be
kind of amazed that you saw only a hoax
version of the transcript which is
shortened which reverses this meaning
anyway Joe Biden has been using the hoax
to camera the president and now he's
reduced a campaign video which features
that first it's the first part of his
campaign video now here's the thing and
I'm gonna ask you in the comments
because I really don't know I'm
genuinely curious is Joe Biden so stupid
that he doesn't know it's fake or is he
doing it anyway knowing is fake which do
you think it is stupid
stupid or liar all right so there's two
possibilities for Biden so why you would
keep perpetuating this hook he's stupid
he thinks it's real or he's a liar he
doesn't care it's just effective so in
the comments so I'm seeing most of you
saying he's lying
one's for stupid son who says maybe both
doesn't care doing it anyway just
reading your comments knows it's fake
liar or senile liar you know I don't
know because here's the thing the the
reason that this hoax is so sticky is
that it is resistant to evidence to the
contrary you can show people the
transcript you can make them read it out
loud and you can watch in real time how
it doesn't change their mind so it's it
could be that he believed at once and
then when it's disproven to him he just
heard discounts the debunking so that he
just keeps his original thought through
cognitive dissonance so I've got a
feeling it's something like cognitive
dissonance where he's been exposed to
the fact that it's not true but he just
you're re-engineers it in his mind so
it's true again because he doesn't want
to lose it but in either case isn't it
pretty disqualifying you know and and I
know what somebody's gonna say in about
half a second they're gonna say wait
wait wait President Trump fails the
fact-checking 14 thousand times so far
so isn't that the same thing like what's
the difference between what Trump says
that's not true and what Biden says
that's not true well one big difference
is that you take president Trump in
context everybody knows that President
Trump used to say purply but so far as
far as I can tell it's all at least
directionally useful you know he's
talking the economy off even if he was
exaggerating he's saying we've made
great gains against Isis but if it's a
little exaggerated because those are
good exaggerations it's useful to tell
Isis that were beating the bad thing in
case they didn't know it it's useful to
say the economy is doing great even
better than it is because that's what
keeps optimism up and keeps you counted
be going so the kind of hyperbole that
the president uses is either funny
it's an insult or it's obviously not
true but it's still funny or it's you
know it's promoting the right direction
or something like that but if you look
at what Biden's doing there all it feels
like there are two main possibilities
cognitive dissonance is like a weird you
know middle ground but he's either a a
liar and that removes his primary
purpose for running if he's lying if
he's lying and he knows it about the
fine people hoax
correct me if I'm wrong doesn't that
remove the primary argument for his
presence the primary argument is
character so if he's lying about to find
people hoaxes in public the most
transparent lie you could ever do at
least transparent to the people were or
on to it and then so he says is it a
directional truth it's the opposite of a
directional truth because the president
as as major Garrett of CBS recently said
has a record that any president would be
proud to claim on legislation and
actions executive orders and stuff that
are beneficial to minority and the black
community so that's actually what's
happening so to suggest that the
president is doing the opposite of that
which drives the country apart is the
the ultimate evil I mean it really is
the ultimate evil because it's the sort
of thinking that gets you race Wars and
every other kind of bad behavior so I
think Biden's argument that he's the one
with good character is completely
demolished if he believes you know if he
knows he's lying about to find people
hoaxes
the other possibility is he doesn't know
he's lying isn't that a little bit
disqualifying as well if you don't know
that the central story of the last few
years in terms of how we understand the
presidency and who Trump is and who we
are as a country and all that Charlie
saw was the central story
if he doesn't know that if he doesn't
actually know what happened he's not
really with it enough to be President I
would say so that's pretty damning
situation for Biden but again I don't
think it'll make any difference to his
voters his voters won't care if it's
true they won't care if it's false
are you following Daniel Dale of the New
York Times
so Daniel Dale is I guess he's the
full-time fact-checker for the president
so the New York Times has a guy who just
were tweets and writes about what Trump
got wrong and when I tell you that your
first impression is going to be I hate
that guy if you're a trump supporter you
know said I hate that guy because he's
just a Trump critic but I gotta say I
have developed a grudging respect for
Daniel Dale Dale because he does keep it
pretty factual and you know it would be
so easy to just you know throw in a
bunch of you know orange man bad into
this type of content but he doesn't I
would say a pretty pretty good job of
keeping it just to the facts with you
know there's a little bit of attitude
that gets in there that would be
impossible to get rid of all of it but
not bad
so Daniel deal I would say that for the
specific job you're doing good job even
if I don't like some of the the output
was so good work so he had this tweet
that gives you a little peek behind the
curtain and it's this is kind of fun and
it's a four-pointer and he goes he calls
at the circle in life so point one he
says the White House emails a list of
Trump accomplishments to the entire
media all right so the White House sends
out these are all of my accomplishments
for the year for my for my term so far
and he sends it to all the media number
to the Washington Examiner publishes the
press release has an exclusive
all right this is my favorite part what
does CNN do when the White House sends
them a list of all their accomplishments
well they don't publish it right
what does MSNBC do when they receive a
list of all the president's
accomplishments
well they don't put it on the air right
so the Washington Examiner this is one
of the funniest things you'll ever see
in your life the Washington Examiner
knowing that this list of
accomplishments went to all of the media
they still claim it's an exclusive
because they're pretty sure everybody
else is going to ignore it except baby
fox news and Breitbart I suppose so so I
could not be more like okay I couldn't
be more amused or appreciative I guess
is the right word of how the Washington
Examiner handles this the silly
situation yeah I could just imagine them
sitting in the meeting and saying you
know everybody's gonna ignore this so
what should we do should we just be the
only ones who publish it and then
somebody in the meeting probably the
funniest person in the meeting said I
have an idea well let's say it's an
exclusive and so that's point three they
at Washington of the Washington Examiner
publishes as an exclusive
and point three is the White House an
aide tweets the examiner article the
number for Trump retweets it so the
White House basically places it in the
press the only one who bites on is the
what is the Washington Examiner who
calls it their exclusive and then and
then a White House aide tweets and then
the president retweets it and then then
Daniel Dale has to talk about it and
then I talk about it so basically
everybody wins
Daniel Dale gets some content I get to
talk about it the president gets his
message out the
Washington examiner gets an exclusive
and and yeah the news gets out and
basically it's one of these funny
situations where just everybody wins by
just acting silly I would love to know
who it is at the Washington Examiner who
made the decision to use the word
exclusive cuz that's really funny
it's funny I like it like I some kind of
metal level I'm gonna be laughing about
that all day alright alright here's that
here's a really cool thing you're ready
for a cool thing there's an organization
that has already formed and they're
building small neighborhoods that are
designed so they're designing a thousand
person neighborhood that is a Carlist
neighborhood and they're putting the
first one in tempe so the name of the
organization is cul de sac CU l de si si
just like cul de sac calm and you can go
see their stuff there so I don't know
how far along they are it looks like
they've got it
designed and baby may be funded and may
be breaking ground but they've got some
interesting designs and what I love
about it what I love about it is first
of all it's exactly what I've been
saying the future needs so if you're
worried about the the national debt I
would say there are three things that
matter a lot the healthcare military and
just cost of living and I think that you
do see lots of experiments and this
looks like it's going to be a good one
to lower the cost of a very high quality
life because they're going to build this
environment so it just looks and feels
great and everything's easy to do
imagine living somewhere where where you
walk outside and it's just it's great
it's just you know manicured spaces and
trees and grass and it's built to look
good it's built to be easy to go round
and there's no traffic there's no cars
there's no car engines you know I guess
you can get around with an uber and a
bicycle and scooters and stuff like that
the weather would be good enough so you
can do a lot of stuff hang on doors so I
think you're gonna see a whole bunch of
experiments like this now one of the
examples that they used is that instead
of having a house where you've got a
guest room it seems like everybody has a
house with a guest room above a certain
size house they're saying you rarely use
the guest room so wouldn't it make more
sense to have some public guest rooms
and anybody can just you know use them
use unless they need them so I'd love to
get this founder on the periscope
sometimes to talk about it but this is
really the future the future is designed
from the ground up communities where you
just make it cheap and easy so imagine
getting rid of all your transportation
expenses or let's say 90% of them
because you still might need to get to
the airport so let's say 90% of your
transportation now some of you asked hey
how am I going to get to work and the
answer is you wouldn't live here if that
was a problem so remember it's optional
no but nobody's gonna make you live in
this cul-de-sac community it's for
somebody who's who wants to work locally
or they can work remotely or whatever or
they've got enough money I suppose so
that's what's coming somebody says no
one wants to live there now why would
you say no one wants to live there like
what possible what possible thinking is
it let me let me let me talk about a
form of loser think that I should have
put in loser think but I didn't it's the
fallacy of thinking that other people
think the way you do there is a gigantic
gigantic variance and how each of us
want to live some people need more
privacy some people need people some
people need the city some people need
rural there's it's just all over the
board so building these small sort of
especially designed communities is only
meant for the 3% or whatever in the
population we're just perfectly suited
for it
and we can imagine that other places
would be built for people who have
different requirements and needs and
preferences and it would be perfect for
them but the point of it is you could
lower the cost of living to the point
where the government doesn't need to pay
so much that's where it's all heading I
want to live where the people who moves
there used to live yeah how is this
how's it different from other worker
housing promoted by socialist countries
oh god that question actually hurts me
it's actually painful we we have some
kind of a disease in this country with
socialism and it's sort of a two-way
disease there's the people who have the
disease because they want to they think
socialism is good because they don't
understand things basically there are
people who don't understand how the
world works or incentives works so they
think he's socialism such an idea then
there's the other group of people that
is demonstrated by that comment
who believe they see socialism
everywhere and that therefore everything
is broken because it's got a little
socialism in it and that's just such an
unproductive way to think this so this
called the sack to answer your question
doesn't have a thing to do with
socialism all right it could not be
further from socialism it's a capitalist
place that capitalists going to live
because capitalists chose to live there
that's it there are a few shared
services just as today and uber car ride
is a shared service but it says
capitalists as you can get you could not
get more capitalist than uber what is
the shared service so when I say to you
this community might have some shared or
common let's say common services such as
guest rooms
that's not socialism that's not
socialism it's not even close
so don't be afraid of the boogeyman of
socialism because somebody has found a
way to save some money all right sorry I
had to swear there somebody says what's
with your language lately young man what
is with your language I don't have an
answer to that so people don't want the
public around them yeah most people want
the public around them sometimes
sounds like reinventing the small-town
village of rural America I would say no
because if if the rural small towns of
the past worked we'd still have them so
just being small is not what makes it
work it's being small and designed it's
the design that's never happened small
towns of the past were random a small
town to the past was just a little
random thing I'm seeing a lot of people
ask me if my prednisone is making me
swear more let me answer that question
because there's there's an interesting
story there so some of you know I was
taking prednisone for some nasal
problems but the prednisone is really a
mind-altering drug as well as a physical
one because the physical changes change
you mentally and the physical changes
are you feel a little bit like a
Superman for a week so for a week I
could exercise infinitely I could just
exercise as much as I wanted it felt
like wouldn't get sore wouldn't get
tired I could you know do any amount of
work I didn't need to sleep I was
sleeping for hours at night and it was
plenty it felt like now you can't do
this for long because if you do the
prednisone for you know longer than
these limited little uses that that your
doctor recommends it's really bad for
you all right
that's really really bad for you but for
a short term it turns you to a
superhuman you're smarter you're
physically
you don't have pain but yesterday was
the first day off
so I I had my first day without
prednisone they they tapered off so it's
not such a big shock to your system so I
did the taper but there's still one the
first day that you don't have any and I
gotta tell you yesterday was the worst
year the worst day of my year I felt
like I'd been run over by a bus and that
and it lasted all day from the moment I
woke up I filled a bus running over my
body and like every part of my body
hurts so it's like you know full body
ache and I think it's the prednisone now
somebody asked if that's having an
effect on my mood and the answer is yes
there's no doubt about it so when
somebody said you know is that is that
why you're swearing more I don't know
because once once your chemistry becomes
different you just imagine that's who
you are
you know you forget that you're it's it
was just a chemistry experiment
and the reason you're doing what you're
doing is because your chemistry changed
so could be if I if I had to guess I
would say that I'm crankier today than
normal because my body aches yeah I'm
still coming out of it and when your
body hurts you tend to get cranky so
that might be it oh that's the other
thing the prednisone I think it was what
the prednisone made me so hungry all the
time that I gained about 8 pounds in a
week I ate like a freaking pig you know
there was one day a six candy bars in a
row and I mean I just eating until my
stomach hurt from expansion and I still
was hungry so now now the hungry hunger
is gone so I'm good but anyway there's
there's a point to this there's a larger
point this one of the large points is
that if you think you have free will
should I take in prednisone because what
will happen is you'll find that your
preferences and your decisions and your
actions change
if he had free will would that happen if
you had free will why would you become a
different personality fairly predictably
by taking a drug the drug shouldn't
change who you are except that we don't
have free will we are a chemistry
experiment and when you put a new
chemical in a powerful one you're a new
person you just turned into a new person
that's right I was I was famished and
ravished do you prescribe I don't know
what that means
I'm predator you can be eating a
sandwich when wall eating it you're
making another sandwich that is exactly
what it feels like I spent I spent
almost a hundred percent of my daily
waking time on prednisone buying food
preparing food and eating food I felt
like it was all I was doing was just
eating and then somebody says it's
interesting so another one is you
proposed well the the idea to propose
I've had for four months so it wasn't
like a decision I necessarily made but
you're right if I had made the decision
and I had never wanted to until I was on
that drug you'd have to worry right I
mean even I would worry but that
decision was made months ago I just
executed somebody says how to overcome
all odds that is a really interesting
question so I don't know what's behind
that question but somebody said how does
one overcome all odds
well of course probably one can't
overcome all odds but if you've heard my
story enough you know that there are a
whole bunch of times in my life in which
I beat the odds in ways that just don't
seem possible I mean if you think about
it I mean it's starting with becoming a
famous cartoonist that is such a rare
job there are very few famous cartoons
but I set that goal and I became one you
know in and even becoming somewhat
famous more recently for predicting that
Trump would win very rare very unusual
having a best-selling book number one
does living book at different times in
my past very rare getting rid of an
incurable disease how often does that
happen it's really rare happened to me
having a fiance like Christina very rare
very very rare but it happened to me so
I do live in the world in which insanely
unlikely things happen at a regular
basis and by the way this is kind of a
tease so I shouldn't do it to you but
I'm gonna do it anyway you see the
public version of what I present you
know the things I can tell you the
things that are you know now so private
that I feel bad about telling you but
you cannot imagine you can you come how
to match you cannot imagine what my
actual personal experience of life is
like it can't even be explained if you
were to look at all the stuff I've never
talked about that are also unusual and
beating the odds by so much you can't
it's just mind-boggling if if there were
any way that I could communicate that
and I can't because usually it's private
or you involve some of the else who
would like to be private or it's a story
I can't tell for one reason or another
or it's a state secret or it's a
proprietary or something so I wish to
God I could tell you all the good
stories of my life
but I can't just just just trust me when
I tell you that is amazing and unlikely
as my actual public life is it's even
weirder you know or and more more in a
good way
it's more unusual than you can imagine
Devon's gonna go buy my book now well
thank you
am i working on any affirmations at the
moment not directly not directly I'm
working on a lot of projects which i
think about a lot and I'm working on a
lot and most of them you know about but
I am in a weird kind of situation in
which I don't have many needs you know
my social life is amazing
my even my personal life I mean my
career totally happy with it so it's
hard to sit down and do affirmations
when you're you've got things going did
she let you grab her by that phrase
we'll never be lost somebody finished
gems you finished loser think last night
thank you any New Year's resolutions you
know I do yes I'm not sure I'll call
them resolutions because I like systems
better than discrete goals but I'll tell
you that there are some systems that I'm
looking to improve this year one of them
is is this so I'd like to take whatever
I'm doing here on periscope to some
let's say even better level maybe it's
just the quality of the of the of the
broadcast I don't know but I'm probably
going to do more interviews as so that
would be fun trying to get to half a
million Twitter users by the end of the
year I'd love to have a million but that
would be something weird would have to
happen for that I I've said before that
if I ever got to a million Twitter
followers that I would run the world and
yeah here's the here's the thinking
behind it so persuasion is a combination
of your reach and your skill
president Trump has the biggest reach of
anybody because he's the president so he
gets lots of attention so he has the
greatest level of reach
combined with in my opinion the highest
level of persuasive skill we have ever
seen in public so he's got the two
things operating at maximum degrees but
he won't always be present if I got to a
million followers my my reach would be
big enough that my persuasion skillset
combined with the fact that the things I
persuade about I don't have a financial
interest in and I'm not and I'm not a
child you know so Greta has her own
problems because she's she's young and
other people who are persuading it's
obvious they're political they're
backing a team it's four powers for
money or whatever and because I'm in
this very rare situation in which I'm
doing this sort of thing not for money I
like to make money so if so if I can
find ways to monetize it I'm gonna do
that so you should expect to see me
trying to monetize what I'm doing
because I'm doing it anyway but I don't
do it for that purpose
I just believe monetizing is a good way
to keep score it's a good way to grow
something you know I can invest any more
etc so anyway if I get to a million
followers with my skill set combined
with the fact that it should be somewhat
obvious to most people that I'm not in
it to make a buck
I would effectively run the world at
that point because I don't mean every
topic because the people who care the
most tend to you know be in charge of
topics but if I got to a million
followers you would see stuff like the
cul-de-sac that I was talking about you
see more of that because you see lots of
a be tests people would say well we
don't know if this will work but I've
got funding I've got an idea energy I'm
gonna try it so you see a lot more of
that so
says United to make a buck what are your
books about so the last three books
that's a good question actually the the
first of my last three books are a
completely different field for me from
cartooning so the first of the three was
had a failed almost everything and still
win big and a friend referred to that as
my magnum opus once it was the book that
I read that I hoped would be my
contribution to the planet you know what
once I left so one always writes books
with a wealth let me say this is a
better way if you want your book to
reach a lot of people do it for money
unfortunately those things are are
tightly coupled because if I write the
book for money and write it in a way
that I think will sell the most and
people will buy the most of them and
design the best cover and I really
really take a completely commercial
approach to it then my publisher will do
the same and that's what gets it to a
lot of people's into a lot of minds so
if you don't get the commercial part
right your publisher doesn't want to
work with you the bookseller doesn't
want to sell it you need to you need to
feed the entire ecosystem and that's
what gets you the biggest reach so of
course there's no situation in which I
would ever say no to money there's no
situation which I wouldn't want to make
money on any content I produce even if
my main intention is that I want to you
know do something good for the world I
always always want to put the commercial
layer on there because it increases the
value of the product interview Seth
Godin yeah I know I know south a little
bit we've communicated over over many
years he would be amazing I should ask
for him thoughts on self-publishing
it's tough I don't I'm offhand I can't
think of anybody who was successfully
self-published I'm sure it's happened
but I don't know any so I have to think
it's hard
choice is giving his way for two bucks
on Twitter yeah Dershowitz write so many
books I think he writes a book every six
months or something so he's a special
situation all right I see your
suggestions for a guess and maybe I
shall do that all right that's enough
now I will talk to you later