good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization we' like to call this
coffee with Scott Adams because that's
what it is and if you'd like to take
this experience up to levels that human
beings can't even understand because
it's so high well then all you have to
do is grab yourself a copper margara
glass a tankered cheler Stein a canteen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine end of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous sip
Today's show is going to be amazing by
the way
go
ah so
good
um what is today's date everybody's
telling me I put the wrong date in my
comic today but I think I got it write
on the second
try people don't believe me when I I I
say I have a
uh oh Monday the
29th yeah I got the wrong date on the
calendar again did
I no I thought I got it right all right
anyway we got a show to
do um does anybody have this situation
now that's already starting with me I'll
be doing something that I always have to
do such as posting my comic in the
morning by the way if you didn't know
dilber never stopped it's just behind
the locals pay wall and also on X you
could subscribe to it there it's there
every day it's very naughty today's
especially Naughty by the way if you
didn't get today's Dilbert and it didn't
make sense think naughtier if you if you
put your mind in a really naughty space
the will make
sense that's your tip for the day all
right
um if you think the future involves AI
doing everything for
you I feel like there's going to be a
separation the dumb people in society
are going to do whatever the AI tells
them because the AI is smarter than them
so I believe there will be a point where
the AI actually tells their owner how to
vote like actually literally
I think there will be a point where
people below a certain level of I'm
going to say intelligence or at least
below a certain level of paying
attention to the world they're going to
wait till election day and they're going
to ask their robot who they should vote
for and the robot will say you know well
knowing you and all the things that you
want to accomplish in life and knowing
the candidates I think you should vote
for this one and then the people below
that level of intelligence or just
paying attention are just going to go
with the robots but there's going to be
a separation there will be another group
of people and I hope I'm in it but I
don't know for sure in which we will be
working with the AI and the robots in
some kind of a collaborative
situation so for example um I've wanted
to upgrade the quality of my
videos specifically making clips and I
wanted to you know add captions and
stuff like that and so I did some
research and I said what AI will do all
these things I want to do to fix up my
videos you know to get rid of
imperfections and improve the sound and
add some captions and you know find the
the good parts and add some timestamps
there's a whole bunch of stuff you want
to do turns out there is no such thing
as one app that does all those things so
you end up doing something like research
so for example if I want to add uh time
stamps to my video I'm making right now
I I can only do it with uh YouTube
because it knows to find the transcript
and then there's an app called instant
chapters but it only works after YouTube
generates the transcript which doesn't
happen for several hours but it could be
delayed it could be you know many more
hours so you have this
situation where AI can't close the gap
between what you want to do and what it
can do
so you still need a human being to
figure out it's going to take I think in
my case maybe six different AI apps to
just make a clip now it it would work
really well because the the apps are uh
are excellent but uh take a look at the
app created by
descript um so that so it's going around
today it's kind of viral so my clip that
got taken out of my larger show the
other day in which I um yes I already
did this simultaneous zp can you shut up
about
it if you missed the Sip it's just
because you're late okay yeah you you
could all stop talking about it all
right um anyway so there's an app called
descript that added the captions take a
look at it on my video clip in which I'm
um saying that V is the obvious choice
for vice president for Trump and you'll
like the you might like the video itself
it's looks like it's going going
slightly viral people seem to like it a
lot but look at the technology just look
at how the captions are added and you
can see that you know nobody's going to
do it without AI in the
future all right here's the least
surprising thing in the world can you
believe it that Taylor Swift's
boyfriend's team uh is going to get to
the Super Bowl huh nobody saw that
coming Taylor Swift the the person that
everybody thinks might be part of some
giant Democrat influence campaign
because she's so popular and now she
likes the Chiefs and she's very very
Democrat at the
moment um how many of you think the the
that that game was fixed meaning that
there was something going on that's
bigger than football that needs Taylor
Swift to be part of the Super Bowl
because we're already hearing that Joe
Biden wants to use a Taylor Swift
strategy to get her to endorse him maybe
at the Super Bowl or something crazy and
none of it feels real does
it like everything else in the world is
so fake and so rigged that even
something like
football which I've always assumed was
pretty straight I don't believe it this
time now I'm not going to make a
accusation because then you get sued I'm
not going to say the game was rigged I'm
just going to say that in today's
environment that was a pretty big
coincidence pretty big coincidence that
Taylor Swift picked the guy who got 11
catches he got 11 catches do you think
they were looking for him a little extra
hard because he's Taylor's
boyfriend
maybe you can't tell you know he's also
a star he's also a star so it could also
happen completely naturally
yeah anyway so we'll keep an eye on that
if uh if it is rigged you would expect
the Chiefs to
beat um the 49ers in the Super Bowl so
the ners made it so far my technique of
picking the winner by the mascot is
working out well I hear other people
have used that technique as well but
I've been doing it for 25 years or so in
newspapers newspapers used to asked me
before the Super Bowl who I thought was
going to win just because they like
asking some celebrity types and uh I had
a pretty good record just picking the
mascots but now what happens when the
Chiefs and the 49ers meet H this one's
ambiguous because a chief has a
spear or a bow and arrow and a 49er
would just have a shovel so normally
normally I'm going to say spear beats
shovel or pick oh pickaxe oh pick a
dynamite okay now it's getting now it's
getting interesting it might be spear
versus D rifle okay there you go yes if
you looked at them as
individuals one Chief might get lucky
with a spear and beat one 49er but if
you look at the Arc of
History the Chiefs didn't do as well as
the 49ers so I would say the big picture
supports the 4 9ers winning unless it's
rigged no it's not rigged enjoy your
Super Bowl and pretend that it all
happened naturally I don't know if it's
rigged I'll tell you I I have a
persuasion Theory as
well the the Super Bowl doesn't need to
be rigged if all the players think that
it would be better if Taylor Swift had
more exposure with the
NFL CU imagine what that does for future
viewership of the
NFL yeah you even if you're on the team
that's trying to win the Super Bowl
which seems like that would be the the
highest goal for you there's probably a
little bit of your brain that says you
know what weirdly it would be better if
we lost because then NFL does better and
then they have more money and then I get
paid more maybe so there is a weird
incentive structure
there uh I think both uh Jack bobic and
V both said that the Super Bowl looks a
little bit
suspicious but Jack points out that
Taylor Swift was no fan of the Soros
family because they bought her entire
music rights and without asking her
permission they owned all their music uh
but I guess she got around that by
re-recording a lot of stuff and then she
came out as super liberal in 2020 as
jack points out and uh the V posted
something that suggested just a little
bit of a coincidence
just a little bit of a coincidence that
Taylor is getting so lucky in her choice
of boyfriends it looks like it's
intentional but I won't make that
accusation I'll just say every bit of it
looks like
that and and in fact the New York Times
is saying that Biden is going to pursue
a a Taylor Swift strategy of getting her
to endorse him if if uh if possible
imagine being Taylor Swift and having
that pressure that the this million year
old man wants you to endorse him all
right
um how rigged is everything in the world
well uh the amuse account on X tells us
uh that the you know the uh EEG Carol
trial and Trump was uh found liable 83
million he's supposed to pay her uh did
you know that the judge in the case was
the
mentor of the prosecutor
Ju Just let that sink in for a moment
the judge in the case of trump in the
EEG Carl case the judge was the longtime
mentor of the
prosecutor that's
insane yeah and apparently that wasn't
disclosed how in the world is that
considered anything like justice clearly
not now and how did we get to this point
before we found out
remember I told you that the only thing
you need to know to understand the world
is
who if the news is telling you what
happened you don't know
anything this is a really important rule
go hold this with you every time you
watch the news if the news is telling
you what happened which is what they
typically do that's not news that's
literally
nothing well it's a little bit but what
you really need to know is who the
players are because once you know the
players then you understand the what the
what by itself is is brainwashing and
propaganda the who tells you everything
right so this trial if you knew what
happened uh there was a case there was a
result that's all you knew well don't
you think it would be important to know
that the judge was literally the mentor
of the prosecutor you don't think that's
giving you a little bit of insight about
what might be going on here definitely
not Justice now that doesn't mean that
you know Trump is innocent of anything
he's charged of that's a separate
question but you can say for sure it
wasn't a fair fair
trial that much you can say for sure
just based on the
relationship all right uh this next
category I'm going to call the black
ification of trump the black
ification I believe that the long Trump
is abused by the justice
system the more support he's going to
get from black men women different
situation but we saw that Snoop Dog uh
said he had nothing but love and respect
for him because Trump pardoned uh his
death row co-found the Publishing
Company music publishing company uh
death row
co-founder and we saw that uh
Charlemagne the God was saying that he's
getting a lot of calls from his
community as he would call it uh saying
what's up with this border which is an
indirect way of being more Trump than
Biden and uh interesting Chris Cuomo
posted uh based on the the Snoop Dog
story and he posted this he said as
Snoop goes so goes the Country or is
this an example of what should be
painfully clear at this point people
aren't going to just like or dislike a
leader because the media and the players
in the game tell them to at the end of
the day it comes down to self-interest
these days perceived Self self-
Protection perceived self-
protection who do you
think Chris Cuomo is supporting when he
says people need to realize they have to
vote for their self-
protection it's not pro
Trump but it's not anti-trump if you
know what I
mean and I've told you I've hinted at
this before but Chris Cuomo is not the
CNN Chris Cuomo CNN Chris Cuomo might
have been more of an
invention uh human being Chris guomo I
think you'd find a lot to agree with
that that's all I'm going to say about
that but uh not only that but the number
one uh black uh hip hop artist in the
world is a amazingly a strong Trump
supporter who's who is it uh Ben Shapiro
Ben Shapiro he's the number one black
wait hold
on oh he's not black Ben Shapiro but uh
he is the number one hip-hop artist
along with an actual hip-hop artist uh
they got the number one
hip-hop Tom McDonald's is that Who's the
artist
Tom McDonald somebody says is that the
name anyway so there you go so it looks
like hip hop has turned strongly uh Pro
Trump so UFC is pro Trump uh even the
rock recently mentioned you know did you
see with the crowd reaction to Trump and
when The Rock said it it wasn't prot
Trump or
anti-trump but it definitely wasn't
anti-trump so you see a whole bunch of
people that you didn't necessarily
expect to be a little bit more
open-minded about
Trump well Lindsey Graham wants to bomb
Iran that that's what I call Perpetual
news let me let me read the news that
hasn't changed in 20
years the pope is speaking out against
War oh didn't see that coming Lindsey
Graham wants want to bomb Iran oh
another surprise there's two surprises I
didn't see either one of those coming
did you that's your news that's the news
well here's a counter point from David
sax now I'm going to tie this together
later with another story so David sa
saxs as you know one of the uh PayPal
Founders along with Elon Musk along with
Peter teal and along with Reed Hoffman
and a few
others now when Davis saxs gives you an
opinion online I'm going to read it to
you I think I think I'll just read his
whole opinion because I want you to see
how clear it
is right you don't have to agree with it
it just has to be clear just watch how
well expressed it is and then later I'm
going to compare it to something else
right so you don't have to you know
Focus too much on the argument just see
how clear it is and then we're going to
compare that something later all right
so David sax says it feels good in the
moment for H heads to call for
retaliation talk about Iran because Iran
proxies uh killed some Americans in
Syria which I didn't even know we had
any there but uh I should have I should
have so retaliation uh we have to think
through the second order consequences
right so here's what we need to think
through if we were to attack Iran the us
only has about 4,000 tomahawk missiles
in its inventory we can do about a week
of shock and awe then what are we go are
we going to send in ground troops R
Iran's territory is vast its forces are
decentralized and enough of its
infrastructure is underground by now it
will also be supplied by China and
Russia in retaliation are highly exposed
bases in Syria and Iraq which neocons
refuse to remove leading to the strategy
will likely come under heavy fire in
fact our troops there are sitting ducks
our carrier groups would could even be
targets America will take meaningful
casualties meanwhile the straight of
Hormuz could be closed compounding the
situation in the Red Sea causing a
global oil shock assuming Iran wants to
continue the war will have no exit
strategy regime change will fail we will
be stuck in a new Forever War in fact
there's a decent chance that we get run
that we get run out of the Middle
East now you could disagree with
that you know there's always there's
always room for disagreement in these
big International Affairs because a lot
of it is you know conjecture and
assumptions and stuff like that but
would you agree with my statement that
this is really
clear that do I will you give me that
even if you disagree with it it's very
clear all right later we're going to
talk about something that makes less
sense that's why I like to put this up
as contrast so the contrast is that
there's a founding
member uh of PayPal but Geniuses
basically you know with the musk and
teal Etc and sure enough they act like
really smart
people all right so just hold that in
your mind for a while I'm not going to
give you an opinion except that well I
will give you an opinion uh I don't know
of any wars we get into and then we win
and then we leave it's like that's not a
thing anymore so whatever we do about
Iran we're going to have to find
something
else we're just going to have to find
some other way now you could argue maybe
maybe Trump had it right just starving
them economically would make them
concentrate on Survival over over you
know getting
cocky um maybe I'm not sure there's any
good re any good result
here um all right here's your persuasion
lesson for the
day here's your payoff for watching me I
like to make sure there's at least one
thing you hear on my show that you won't
hear anywhere else so here's your one
thing you're not going to hear anywhere
else uh if you're new to me I'm a
trained hypnotist and so when I talk
about persuasion I'm not
guessing you've heard um in the news the
Democrats refer to Trump um as the chaos
candidate and the word chaos they try to
work into every opinion so if they have
opinion about Ukraine they'll say oh
Trump this or that and chaos and uh his
opinion on this is chaos and they just
insert chaos
everywhere that ladies and gentlemen is
not an organic word do you remember any
other candidate who was accused of
chaos I
don't chaos is like dark do you remember
in 2016 the first time all the Democrats
in in unison they all started saying
that Trump's uh they said his speech at
the convention was dark and it was
obvious that the memo had go going out
now at the time if you don't remember
the story I had called out that probably
that word dark uh is such a such a
professionally chosen word that they
probably had some help from a
professional Persuader and I thought it
was uh
chelini the author of influence and
persuasion now he was asked by some
people who heard me say that and he
refused to uh
he said no comment would asked if he was
helping uh the at the time the Hillary
campaign so no comment generally is you
know in that context would be considered
a confirmation that he was and indeed he
helped Obama so if you were the
brilliant persuasion mind behind helping
Obama it makes sense that Clinton may
have used you as well so we have pretty
good information that the word dark was
chosen by the
most professional
people but what about
chaos it's used exactly the same it's a
catchall and chaos is specifically meant
to scare senior citizens do you know
who's not afraid of chaos young people
so the Democrats have a lot of young
people and you know but they don't care
about that word one way or the other uh
but the old people are really scared
about chaos and the old people are more
likely to vote for
Trump so chaos is a really good word to
work into every sentence and it has no
specific um requirements you know that
there's no objective standard for what
is chaos and what is not which also
makes it good so here's what you need to
know about it this is an engineered word
every time you hear it especially in the
media if you see a media report in which
they use the word
chaos that's
propaganda
because it's an indefinable scare word
an indefinable scare word is always
propaganda
always now this is the word chaos is
being used exactly the way the Clinton
Gore campaign back in 1990 whatever it
was when did Clinton Gore run for
reelection against
uh what's his
name 96 I think 96 was the reelection
campaign yeah so do you remember when uh
Gore started saying that uh trickle down
economics was risky it was a risky
scheme and then again yeah it was
against Bob Dole because Bob Dole was
pushing trickle down economics with Kemp
as his running mate and uh Clinton Gorge
just crushed that by saying it was too
risky it might work but it's risky why
would you do something risky when the
economy is going well risky risky risky
do you know where the risky word came
from does anybody know the answer to
that because risky
chaos dark those are all professional
words yeah the the average pundit
doesn't come up with that right let me
tell you who came up with risky for a
Clinton Gore that was
me true story yeah I was working with
the
campaign I mean unofficially I was
working with them so I I had a
connection in the campaign
and uh they asked me specifically about
the
uh um about the debate where Gore used
it and I told them say it's risky
because it'll scare the old people
because nobody knows if um nobody knows
if trickle down works or doesn't work
but they do know it's different so
they'll believe it's risky and that
pretty much got them
elected now do you think that persuasion
is powerful
it's very powerful yeah if you pick the
right word it changes the world now by
the way they would deny the story so if
if you go to fact check it don't expect
it to be fact
checked that's not how any of this works
yeah nobody's gonna nobody's going to
confirm
that all right
um and by the way I thought Clinton Gore
Administration was
successful remember I've told you I'm
not I'm not in the camp for anybody in
particular I just liked Clinton because
he was somewhere in the middle I like
middle presidents for most of the times
at the moment I don't like a middle
president at the moment I I want a trump
president because that that seems to be
more I don't know it seems more on point
to our current problems you need a a
bigger Bolder thing whereas I thought
Clinton and Gore were uh you know more
right down the middle just try to reach
some middle point and I thought that was
the right solution at that time did we
get the
glitch did we get a 34 Minute glitch
looks like we might have lost some
comments when that happened do we lose
some
comments yeah I'm going to fire up my
other device which will show me your
comments on the locals
platform this works every
time
all right you're
back all right
um did you see the uh visual persuasion
that the New York Post ran with
Trump uh oh that's not working
interestingly is locals
down I guess I can't ask you if if
there's somebody who uh who's on local
who also has my phone number could you
text me and tell me if locals is
completely down because I can't see it
on my other
device but we'll keep going because we
got three three platforms that are
definitely
live uh but let me show you a uh photo
that the New York Post decided was a
good photo of of
trump so now the the photo people the
people who picked the
photos uh they're often separate from
the writers
so look at the
photo that was chosen I'll show you both
on both platforms that's a photo that
was chosen for a generic
story The the New York Post thought of
all the photos in the world of trump you
know infinite photos that that photo was
one for a generic story remember had
nothing to do with what he's you
motioning or any of that it's just a
generic story and they ran that photo
the whoever whoever chooses the
photos um really has way more power than
they
should um it's working okay
thanks thank you got a confirmation that
locals is working just
uh I'll make sure comments come back
on all right they'll they'll come back
in a
minute all right
uh let's talk about Biden's brain so his
latest mashed potato brain somebody
somebody used that phrase I like that um
he actually called Trump the sitting
president uh did you see what he
recently said about this is Biden he
wants to he wants to see the economy
crash this year a sitting
president do do you think Trump wants to
see the economy crash this
year no but it would be good for her his
reelection do do you think that's an
accurate statement of what Trump's inner
thoughts are oh I like to see America go
down the drain so I could get elected I
doubt it I doubt
it
um and and then he then he led us in
prayer and he said uh as they say in my
faith this is Biden as they say in my
faith bless me Father for I mean come on
man
now if you don't mind I'm I'm not really
a religious person but I do feel
inspired today to lead you in
prayer if you don't mind could you just
bow your head I'd like to Lead You In
abide in prayer everybody pray with
me as they say in my faith bless me
father I mean come on
man
amen Amen to that come on
man so Biden's brain is working just
great meanwhile CNN is dying over in the
Philippines they closed their operation
CNN did um I don't know if it's the
beginning of their Global media
destruction but uh I feel like a lot of
the stories about things I don't like
are dying Biden's dying CNN's
dying Dei is dying CRT is dying ESG is
dying
China's dying so I'm having a good year
all the things I don't like are
dying speaking of mayorcas Alejandro
mayoras um let me ask you this what's up
with him why is it that we have a person
whose job it is to guard the country
who's doing literally the
opposite and we don't know
why does that bother you at
all um May
orcus I'm pretty sure you could figure
out a way to close that border even
though you're not the president you
could probably work with it probably
figure that out but he seems
aggressively
uninterested in fixing the
Border in a in a way that's surprising
what would be your assumption about
somebody whose job performance is the
opposite of what his job would require
and you don't quite know
why what how would you explain it I
explain it by outside s outside
influence meaning that he's not his own
man could be just that he's you know
bowing to the Democrats and he has to
say dumb things to make them happy
but don't you assume that there's
something sinister behind
him it just feels like there's something
there um that's that's really the only
thing I have to say about it but I have
the same feeling about
Soros how do you explain all the things
that Soros does because they seem to be
100% designed to be bad for the country
and it's all different things if he did
one thing I didn't
like then I'd say oh he and I have a
different opinion about what's good for
the country but if you do a whole range
of funding and every single one seems
clearly bad for the country what are you
going to conclude about that well you
could conclude that uh the Soros family
is evil and that's why other people
conclude I don't believe that that
because it'd be too weird that the
father and the son you know shared this
evil and the whole organization shared
it and it would be too weird I don't
believe that I believe that it's more
likely that the people who act opposite
of what seems like a person should act
are probably blackmailed or bribed or or
in some other way beholden to somebody
or they're under duress in some way so I
think that the soros's are not the top
of their pile I think that somebody has
blackmail on the Soros
family uh I don't I can't think of any
other way to explain
observation so that doesn't mean it's
true I don't have any like facts I don't
have any you know evidence but if
somebody acts exactly like they're under
duress what are you going to assume if
it's just once you'd say well I guess I
I'm just confused but if it's all all
day long every day for
years I'm going to assume that there's
somebody who wants to destroy the
country who's pushing them in ways we
don't
understand here's some more stupid fake
news about the Russ about uh Russia so
somebody named uh David
from and remember I keep telling you you
have to know the players it doesn't help
you to know what happened it only helps
you to know who was behind it that's
that's the news so David from is someone
that if you didn't know would be one of
the least credible people on the whole
planet I don't need to go into the
details but in the history of politics
you would be you'd have to look pretty
hard to find somebody with lower
credibility all right he's part of the
propaganda part of the world and he
writes in the
Atlantic do you know the Atlantic if you
said to yourself what happened oh
there's a major publication with a story
you wouldn't know anything if you knew
the Atlantic is basically just a
Democrat tool for uh insulting
Republicans it's not anything like a
publication it's just a political tool
at this point so if you knew that from
is the least credible person in the
world and the Atlantic is the least
credible publication then does that make
this story sound more uh
understandable that uh from is writing
that As Trump has neared renominate
ation uh his party especially in the
House of Representatives has surrendered
to his protin pressure oh big surprise
the two least credible entities David
from and the Atlantic are writing that
Trump is is pro Putin uh during an
election
year now imagine if you didn't follow
the news and you didn't know the players
you didn't know that the Atlantic is not
to be trusted and he didn't know that
David from is a
propagandist you would read this and you
think oh this is kind of scary this a
little Putin but if you know the players
it's just sort of funny because it's
it's just so right in your face how fake
it is so when I read it I just laughed
really the Atlantic David from now
here's my favorite mystery Reed
Hoffman so we know that Reed Hoffman or
reportedly you maybe you shouldn't trust
any news but edly Reed Hoffman is the
person who funded the arene Caroll suit
do you think he did that because he
really wants women to be heard and he
cares about me too and it's Justice and
he's helping this this
victim does it feel like that's probably
what's driving
him I know there are a lot of victims
out there it's funny you picked this one
so that seems a little uh just purely
political some way to hurt
Trump
then
also uh Reed Hoffman was uh big F big
funer of Nikki Haley which is weird
because he's a Democrat and why would
you fund a republican who even the
Republicans have some trouble with none
of that makes sense does it so if you
were if you were one of the PayPal
Geniuses literally a billionaire
literally a
genius and through three out of four of
the ones you can name who are in PayPal
are clearly on the same side of things
which I wouldn't call Republican I don't
think that's what's going on I I don't
think that I don't think that musk or
sax or teal are pro- Republican that's
just not the way I take them I take them
as Pro Mak sense make sense of it make
sense of the border right is that a
republican thing or is that just
everybody looking at it go can you make
some sense of this can you close that
thing all right that's not a republican
opinion the fact that we imagine it is
is just crazy that's just a logical
opinion so why would it that Reed
Hoffman who's as smart as them as well
informed as them would be so on the
opposite
side and I'm going to I'm going to say
that whenever you see a mystery like
this it's probably outside influence
so I don't know on nature but it looks
like blackmail so I would I assume that
all the the billionaires who are doing
things that we don't understand are just
blackmail now I don't have proof of that
but as a working assumption almost
everything in our government seems
blackmail related like everybody has
some kind of influence or pressure or
bribery or know something and I feel
like our whole that we live in a black
mail Ury we know that Epstein was a big
old blackmailer we know that Reed
Hoffman once went to the island there's
no evidence um no no claim whatsoever
they did anything you know
improper because there were a lot of
people went to the island they didn't
all do anything
improper so and then and also I'm not
sure I believe he necessarily went there
all the stuff about who was on the EP
list I don't know that that's true so if
you see a name on a list whether read
off don't assume it's true and don't
assume
that they there was somebody who had a
common interest and they all that's not
unusual that people to get together if
they have a common
interest but given that we know Epstein
was a major blackmail operation and then
we see people who are acting in ways
that don't seem to make sense for their
own best interest or the
country um to me the most logical
assumption is some kind of influence
yeah no I don't think it's mental
illness not in their case I mean there's
a lot of TDS but I don't think Soros
says TDS I doubt Reed Hoffman has TDS
there's something else going
on what about Mark cubin he's a mystery
too another billionaire mystery so he's
he's all in on Dei and diversity but
watching him debate this in public is
getting kind of hilarious because his
argument keeps getting smaller and
smaller because he's trying to find a
way way to uh publicly support
discrimination he's trying to support
racial discrimination against white
people but make an argument for it so
here here's where he retreated all the
way to today so he was posting I guess
who was arguing with the the rabbit
account um he said hypothetically all
right you have 30 white male
employees and you want to improve you
think you can improve your uh your
profitability If instead of having 30
white male employees if you had at least
a black woman you might get more
perspective you get a diverse
perspective and that could help your
company so he says uh are you okay with
hiring the black woman or would you call
that racial discrimination let me ask
you you got 30 white male
employees and maybe not because you
discriminated it just turned out that
way so let's just use that as our
hypothetical example and then you say to
yourself you know I think I could do
better work if I had a black woman
because she'd bring some diverse um
diverse
perspective is that uh is that racial
discrimination of course it is by
definition that's exactly what it is but
the question is should it be okay should
that very narrowly specific thing where
you don't have diverse perspectives but
you know you could add it
why do you think you would get the
useful diverse perspective from a black
woman but not from one of the 30 guys
who's already there what none none of
the 30 guys know any black people they
don't have any any insight whatsoever
into that world they couldn't ask
somebody no it's just it's just
discrimination would it work maybe is
that ever a reason for racial
discrimination nope
so I think the argument is if it could
make your company better and you weren't
doing it for racial
reasons would it be okay it could make
you more profitable and you're not doing
it because you're racist you're doing it
just to make yourself more profitable no
it's not okay that's just
racism just racism we don't do that so
why would Mark Cuban be in favor of
something that is uh
so hard to
defend um my guess is that he runs
businesses that have a lot of diversity
in them and that's the end of the story
if if you were the leader of a bunch of
companies that really really valued
diversity and you had a lot of
diversity then I would say yeah as the
leader you probably want
to um take into account that the people
you lead have this opinion and
supporting them actually makes sense
from a business perspective
U from other perspectives you could be
mad at it but it makes perfect sense
that if you're a leader of a bunch of
diverse people who like diversity you
should be Pro diversity I think I would
be too if you put me in the same
situation I probably say what he says
because there would be a lot of uh I
think there' just be a lot of pressure
to support the people that you you work
with that but let me uh let me try uh
mark
um let's try let's try Mark's example
was very narrow so let's say you had a
basketball team that had only black
players on it and you said to yourself
if we added a white player we might get
some white um perspective because
because what if the basketball players
are bringing a black perspective to the
game and I I'm blind to it because I'm
white so you know don't see it but
shouldn't I add a white basketball
player who's maybe not as strong as the
rest to get that extra
perspective I I don't need to answer the
question I'm pretty sure a basketball
team is just picking the best Shooters
and
blockers
anyway Putin's going to run again uh
looks like uh he's running for
re-election so the Russia Election
Commission has formally registered him
for March election you know what I don't
like to go out on a limb and make
predictions about politics because you
know a lot could happen but Putin
running for reelection in
Russia I'm gonna say I like his
chances I'm gonna say I like his
chances I don't know I'm just going to
put myself out there take a risk
sometimes you got to take a risk I like
his
chances uh Nancy Pelosi uh is suggesting
that we should look into the pro
Palestinian protest because they have a
con connetion to can you guess anybody
want to take a guess Nancy Peli the pro
Palestinian protesters they might be
influenced by somebody from the an side
who could be could be could it be Putin
yes that is what she's suggesting is
there
evidence
no but it's an election year so I'm sure
we're going to blame Putin for
everything all right um here's some fake
news about Trump
surprise so you've heard the story that
and even the GOP lawmakers are believing
the story that uh Trump is telling
people even his Republican friends that
uh he doesn't want a border deal because
he'd rather run on the
issue does that sound true to you does
it sound true that Trump Trump doesn't
want to solve the Border issue uh with a
bill he doesn't Sol he doesn't want to
solve it with the legislation that's
being proposed but uh he wants to run on
it
instead all right so here's what they
told us they said uh Trump doesn't want
Biden have a border Bill Victory does
that sound true Trump doesn't want Biden
to have a border Bill victory yeah of
course because because Biden could run
on it now I think that's true second
part is does Trump want to run on the
issue of course well who
wouldn't it's the biggest
issue well are we surprised he wants to
run on the biggest issue in the country
no but what's missing from it have you
spotted it have you spotted the
brainwashing propaganda there's
something missing from the story so the
parts they tell us and this was in the
hill I think
that he doesn't want Biden to have a
legislative Victory on the border and
that he wants to run on the issue I
think both of those sound
true but here's what's left
out does Trump think the Border bill is
good isn't that the most important part
of the story because if Trump thinks the
Border bill is good and he still wants
to kill it so that he can win an
election well am I wouldn't support
that would you who would support that I
don't know any Republican who would
support
that but isn't the important part of the
story is the legislation being
considered making things better or worse
my understanding is it codifies uh an
untenable situation in other words it
lets in so many people legally that we'd
still have a huge problem it wouldn't
solve the problem it would reduce it a
little at best
yeah so if if if Trump is against a
terrible legislation attempt and and
given that he wouldn't want that to be
signed under any condition no matter who
his president is it fair to say that
Trump doesn't want Biden to have a
border Bill Victory and that Trump wants
to run on the issue both
true but if you leave out that the B the
Border bill is garbage it looks like
he's just being a jerk if you know that
the Border Bill makes things worse not
better then you say well of course he
wants to run on the issue of course he
doesn't want Biden to have success
passing a bad Bill like who who who
exactly is fooled by this how many of
you were fooled by this story and you
didn't realize the part left out is that
is that Trump doesn't like the
bill I'll bet a few of you I'll bet that
even got a lot of Republicans and it's
just so obviously
propaganda
well here's some fun over in Gaza um two
words you don't think you'll ever hear
together but uh so turns out that El
jazer is reporting this now if you
didn't know uh El jazer is considered
one of the most reliable news
outlets were you aware of that that you
know people who pay attention call Al
jaero one of the most reliable but with
the exception of Israel stuff yeah if if
if El jair is reporting on
Israel you know that that's not
necessarily where they're going to be
objective but on other stuff if has
nothing to do with Israel they're
they're actually considered a good news
source by a lot of people I I'm not
agreeing with that I'm just telling you
that Syria people think it's a good news
source except about the Middle
East um but they're reporting that uh
several members of the Israeli
government are on the same side as far
right uh people who want to resettle
Gaza and make it basically an Israeli
settlement just never give it back to
the
Palestinians are you
surprised are you
surprised yeah I I don't see how this
wouldn't happen it seems like terrible
timing if I were these right-wing people
I'm not sure I would be doing this in
public during the middle of a hot war
that feels like a bad idea so I'm a
little suspicious how much of this is
true news given the
source um but I wouldn't be surprised if
people are pushing to keep
Gaza an Israeli Outpost or settlement I
guess in the long run I think that's
what's going to
happen all right uh here's a civil war
update on Texas firsts versus the rest
of the country uh I
predicted that I told you that men are
always fighting Wars in their head so
even if nobody's punching or shooting
we're always at War sort of a continuous
state of what if this could I beat this
person you know what if somebody comes
in here with a gun what do I do we're
always thinking you know how to defend
ourselves it's just
natural
so I
predicted that the uh The Men Who were
going to protect the Texas border would
Prevail over Biden and that Biden
couldn't overrule them it would just be
too politically
dangerous and that the Texans have
decided that they're going to close the
border which is different from wanting
it closed and differing different from
complaining and different from proposing
a way to close it those are all
wants Texas apparently has decided and
once you've decided then you will do
whatever it
takes and if the Biden Administration
wants to stop Texas they're going to
have to use
violence at this point and I don't see
any way that that makes sense in an
election year especially so I to me it
was obvious that Texas would win this
battle in The Limited sense that the
government is not going to take down
their wire fence at least during the
election year so it looks like that's
where it's headed can't be sure yet but
I think the the wires going to stay up
uh however in uh rasmuson reports says
69% of likely us voters support Texas
are wreting their own
barriers now slightly less 55% agree
with the quote
um that uh that clay igin said the feds
are staging a Civil War and Texas should
stand their ground 55% of the likely
voters say Texas should stand its
ground basically even if it's
violent imagine being the president
trying to solve this problem and 55% of
the electorate says if it comes to
violence they don't say that directly
but that's how I that's how I interpret
it that if it comes to violence they're
going to back the state over the federal
government and if I haven't said it
directly I'll say it right now if it
comes to violence I'm going to back
Texas over the federal government I
don't want to be any ambiguity about
that Texas over the federal government
On the Border issue now I'm not looking
for Texas to secede from the union
that's not my first
choice but if the bullets start flying
I'm on Texas's side period because
they're in the right that's just the way
it has to
be um and with that understanding I
believe that the uh at least the men in
the administration are going to assess
the situation exactly as I just did and
they're going to say we could use our
bullets and we could start locking
people up like the governor but if we do
it's going to get really wet and it's
not going to be good for us so I think
that's I think Texas is heading for
something like a you know a temporary
Victory on the border now of course that
will just push people to other border
openings so it won't do much for uh the
overall immigration except it will
create a model where other states could
emulate it Tex obviously California
won't so as long as California is open
you know everybody can get in if they
want
to all right so the other thing is
there's this uh I haven't heard too much
about it but the trucker protest
apparently there's going to be an
American version of the Canadian
truckers but maybe some of the Canadian
truckers are helping and I don't know
how big it is or how organized it is or
who organized it but I'm a little bit
suspicious about it because it feels a
little bit like a
trap I I'm worried that the truckers are
just putting a Target on their backs
like the January 6 people did and that
what the Democrats really want is some
violence from some right leaning people
that that would be their orgasmic
Perfect Situation oh can we get some
going from people who like Trump so I
would worry that the trucker thing is
not as organic and Grassroots as it
looks there might be something behind it
that's a malign influence so I'd be
concerned about that um and under
today's
environment uh I don't think I would
protest anything unless you were you
were
down to win at all
costs and usually Pro protests are not a
win at all costs because all costs
includes you know all costs generally
our protests are about talking and we
want a political solution so in our
current environment protesting for a
political solution is just painting a
Target on your back because we don't
have free speech the way we used to now
you got a
jail we've got jails that got quite a
few political protesters in it called
the January 6 people now of course if
you're a Dem R and you're a
idiot and you wandered into this live
stream you're saying but but Scott but
but they committed some
crimes I'm sorry they did this to you I
really am I'm
genuinely I look at the Democrats as
victims to be so
brainwashed into thinking that you know
either all the people in jail committed
an actual crime how can you think that
of course there were some crimes and
those people will deal with the justice
system as they should but no the January
6 jailings are not legitimate they're
political purely political yeah and and
we do have a potential solution to it
and and I I've said this before but I'll
say it
again I would support Trump if every one
of his policies were wrong but he
supported uh pardons for the jailed
people including you know Peter Navaro
if he just said that I'd say okay the
first thing we have to fix is free
speech so fix that get get the free
speech protesters out in jail and I'd
say Navaro too I don't think he's
legitimately charged now when I say
legitimate I don't mean that there isn't
some technical violation I just mean it
wouldn't be it wouldn't be addressed the
same way yeah they're more like hostages
you're
right so I probably would have supported
which whoever was a republican candidate
l or Trump or whoever it was who would
just pardon them because you got to fix
Free Speech first that's first if you
don't get that everything else is
unfixable so yeah policies are a bonus
if you like Trump's policies I'm not
even sure I'll ever argue
them I mean immigration's obvious so
I'll argue that one but I don't know
what to do in Ukraine not really I don't
know what to do anywhere else not really
I'm not sure anybody does but if we can
get that one thing just the one thing we
have to reverse the January 6
hoax because the January 6 hoax is maybe
the worst thing that I've ever seen
happen to the
country um you know violence of course
always looks worse but in the uh in
terms of the
Republic um I think even McCarthyism
maybe wasn't as bad as January 6 not the
attack the hoax of it the the attack was
you know had some violence and that's
bad but what was worse was that it was
treated as an Insurrection when it
clearly was a protest to protect the
country not overthrow
it uh somebody somebody says you looked
at Al jazer in the first article was
about climate change in Sierra
Leon all
right uh razor wire can be easily mended
with bailing wire is that true
maybe it is you could fix it with razor
wire
too all right ladies and gentlemen this
concludes the best short live stream
you're going to see today hope you learn
something about
persuasion that's always my goal to make
you smarter than watching regular news
and I'm going to say bye now to the uh
three
platforms
um I'm going to say bye to uh YouTube
Rumble and the xplatform thanks for
joining and we'll see you again tomorrow
for another amazing live
stream