open button pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom boo
hey everybody come join me hello Missy
hello over the rest of you come on in
here and grab your cup your mug your
jealous your tankard grab your thermos
your flask your glass your mug your cup
did I already say that hey everybody
it's time to join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous it don't miss it don't miss
it
run run grab you cup here it comes
ah sublime alright let's talk about a
bunch of things in no particular order
first of all how how good is the world
when one of the top stories of the day
is that there was a yoga instructor who
was lost in the in the forest I guess in
Hawaii and then they found her and she's
fine
that's it the most important news in the
whole country apparently things are
going so well that that the news
industry it can't find any news
literally their news was somebody was
lost in the tropical paradise but they
found her she was fine she'll be
teaching yoga tomorrow that's it that's
your biggest problem Wow let's talk
about a few other things I noticed in
some advertisements for Fox News that
they're doing something very clever so
this is sort of a shout-out to
compliment to Fox News and what they're
doing is that it looks like they it
looks like they're trying to advertise
themselves market themselves and brand
themselves this is Fox News as having
opinion in the evening but more news
during the day
which is quite brilliant can you see why
that's brilliant
now first of all that's simply a
description of what they do the the
people they have on in the evening or I
think almost entirely opinion maybe
until shannon bream comes on but its
opinion in the evening it's mostly news
in the daytime now can you see how smart
that is by calling it out that
specifically it's brilliant because CNN
doesn't make that distinction on CNN
they're hosts and their opinions are a
little bit less distinct so it's very
smart
for fox news to say these are our
opinions so stop calling these guys fake
news because those are opinions but our
news is solid you don't see a lot of
fake news on the news but you do see
some things that maybe you disagree with
because that's part of the opinion show
and it was very good framing I think
that they're smart to do that in no
particular order
Andrew yang who's running for president
is certainly one of the most interesting
candidates I don't think he has a chance
of winning but you certainly interesting
he's got tons of policy ideas and all of
them are provocative but he tweeted
yesterday something that was practically
well it wasn't wasn't Trump like because
it was too humble but it was very funny
so Andrew yang he tweeted yesterday that
the only thing keeping him from being
president is his popularity I I think he
bets it as a joke it was pretty funny so
as a professional humorist I endorse
that joke have you noticed how how
little pushback President Trump has
gotten since he became president on some
of the biggest issues that you imagined
we're going to destroy the world
here's some of the things which you
expected more disaster or pushback from
you thought when he started pushing
China on trade that the world would end
but in fact the economy is great and and
he's figuring out a way to to help the
farmers or artists it no big deal I mean
it's a big deal for certain individuals
and we should do what we can to to ease
the pain because the the pain is not
distributed equally so if we can find a
way to help those Patriots who are
taking most of the pain we shed and it
looks like the administration is at
least trying to do that yeah somebody in
the comments is saying Jerusalem moving
the embassy to Jerusalem thought it
would be the end of the world no big
deal Google on heights recognizing that
as part of Israel and to the world yeah
no big deal how about canceling the Iran
nuclear deal end of the world
I don't know doesn't look like it North
Korea pushing loose North Korea end of
the world nope
he was right about that again Paris
Accord yeah getting out of the Paris
Accord no big deal canceling TPP no big
deal
yeah canceling NAFTA worked out fine
just just think about how many examples
there are where Trump
correctly knew the importance of
something and his critics did not and it
works the other way as well so what do
his critics Trump's critics talk about
the most they talk about is character
and they talk about he is failing the
fact-checking now that a few years have
gone by where he has failed the
fact-checking more than anyone has ever
failed fact Jackie although apparently
25% or so of the fact-checking he fails
is
we fake news and about 25% of the things
that are listed as Trump's lies or
actually lies themselves so but even if
you accept the 75% is true the president
has failed the fact-checking more than
any person ever has
yeah net neutrality we're still alive so
it seems that the president has one
skill that is a transcendent skill if
you tried to figure out why does Trump
keep succeeding in lots of different
places
of course yes some famous failures too
but it's pretty clear that at the moment
he's on top of the world he is a
billionaire he is the President of the
United States the United States is doing
great if he quit today he in my opinion
historians would still rate him as the
best president of all presidents if he
quit today and I don't think he's done
so I would say if you could understand
this president with one variable and of
course that's always dangerous because
we don't live in the one variable world
you know everything counts but there's
one that seems a little bit more let's
say enlightening you know one thing
about him that is so consistent across
all the topics and really across his
entire life that it seems to be the one
thing you should focus on which is he
can tell what matters
look look for that trend in everything
that the president does do you remember
when I used this example too much when
the president first called Jeb Bush low
energy what did most of the world except
for a few people yeah except for me
except for Mike soda except for
you know a handful of people what did
most of the world say it was a silly
trivial insult unworthy of the president
but certainly not important
turns out it was very important in Trump
probably knew that the way he framed
people the way he brands people would be
effective and important and sure enough
it was effective and it was important
when the president exaggerated something
and the news spends all day talking
about how that fact is wrong the
president knows that having that fact a
little off so long as is sort of
directionally correct not important and
sure enough the country does not respond
to it like it was important he is right
so look for that trend he seems almost
psychic in his ability to know what's
going to actually matter in the long run
and you see for example when he does
provocative things people focus on the
provocative thing but it's pretty clear
that he knows that getting attention is
more important and in the long run it is
so look for that so the president used
the phrase age of enlightenment in a
tweet yesterday he said we're in the age
of enlightenment isn't that interesting
I don't know
I'm sure he a B tests stuff like that so
I don't think he necessarily assumes
that he'll be using that phrase going
forward he throws it out sees what
happens you know if people respond to it
maybe you'll use it again I don't know
the database could respond to that will
say but how interesting that he's
calling it the Age of Enlightenment now
if you recall back in 2015 and I like to
remind you this often when I started
writing about Trump when he was running
for office I said that not only would he
win the presidency back in 2015 they
said he would not only win the
presidency but he would change forever
the way we saw reality done I would say
that that that prediction is probably
the most
accurate prediction that ever made that
that he would change how we saw our very
existence and he did now some people may
not be happy about it but clearly but
it's clearly he did and now he's called
it out by name an age of enlightenment
what does that mean let me put a little
meat on that well one of the things that
means is understanding what's important
that's really central to this
enlightenment situation yeah you don't
have enlightenment unless you can also
tell what's important this president has
taught the world what's important we
didn't know we were worried about
political correctness and social justice
worrying and identity and we were trying
to be nice to other countries and maybe
they'd be nice to us and it was just all
wrong
pretty much everything we were doing
that we thought was right turned out to
be illusions and mistakes and the
president has largely replaced all of
that stuff that was perceptually wrong
with things that nobody not nobody but
people who were his who were his critics
thought could not possibly work out well
it can't possibly be a good idea to push
China that hard I can't possibly be good
to push Iran it can't possibly be good
to be this friendly with with Israel and
so much so that they're naming things
after him it can't possibly be this good
to here's another one it can't possibly
be this good to be so friendly with
dictators but it is it absolutely is
he's creating the model of being
respectful to the dictator so that you
could negotiate as hard as possible
without without making it personal that
model will forever be the model he has
set a standard which if a future
president violates that standard it's
just going to look like just gonna look
dumb because he showed that that works
Saudi Arabia
let's talk about that speaking of
dictators this is clearly a case and you
saw this again apparently the
administration has trying to bypass some
I don't know some laws so that they
could go ahead and sell military
equipment to Saudi Arabia and some other
friendly countries over there and it
seems that we're treating Saudi Arabia
far better than you would think we
should given the Chokey situation and
anything else that we don't like about
how they handle their domestic situation
but you know that it in in June if the
plan is still on in June there is
supposed to be a some kind of a
comprehensive peace plan Jared
questioner I think is behind that and so
the president is setting the pieces
before June one of the pieces is hey in
Saudi Arabia we're really gonna be your
friend assuming you do something
important for us on this bigger picture
you know this something like that
conversation is happening because this
president had Saudi Arabia's leaders
back in the way that nobody expected in
a way that nobody suggested even his own
team said hey I think you need to be a
little tough around Saudi Arabia's
leader you know for instance Salman
because of the Chokey thing if not if
not other things and the president
pretty clearly ignored everybody it
seems that the president has once again
decided that that relationship is
important probably important for the
larger plans and we may find out what
that looks like in June likewise pushing
Iran as hard as possible now is probably
all just a setup for June when there's
the big plan because the reporting now
is that Iran's proxies all the people
that they're funding to make trouble and
in cause armed problems or in the region
that they're strapped for cash and Iran
has told them that they're going to need
to find money elsewhere now that's
pretty important because he's softening
up around he were moving military assets
in were blaming them for things we've
with the administration has declared the
Iranian National Guard to be a terrorist
organization now when you heard that
when you heard that the administration
was going to call the Iranian National
Guard a terrorist organization what was
your first thought when you heard that I
remember my first thought was why did
that take so long is there some reason
we didn't do that before as soon as he
doesn't you say to yourself well wait a
minute that seems so obvious after you
do it because that creates the mechanism
where they can start strangling the the
the finances of anybody involved with
the Revolutionary Guard creates another
set of weapons that can be used to to
make life hard over for the
administration so you see over and over
again that the president seems to have
this almost I don't it's almost an
unnatural ability to know what's going
to matter in the long run and the fact
that he's still president his ratings
are improving the economy is doing great
the country's doing great seems to be a
validation that he has correctly
correctly guess what's important alright
let's talk about some other stuff on
health care apparently the
administration is going hard on in three
areas on health care to reduce prices
each of these categories
seem exactly right on target and again
when you see this stuff I'm going to
describe in a moment your first
impression should be why weren't we
doing that before what about this was
not available to every other president
why why are we waiting for
now Jake Novak wrote about this before
the administration focused on it and
Jake's writing I think highlighted what
what was important and then sure not the
administration yet the same three points
so obviously they were important one was
price transparency so the administration
is trying to make hospitals and others
in the health care field
publish their prices apparently they're
gigantic differences in prices and if
the consumers knew they could make
different choices so that's one thing
then selling health insurance across
state lines
apparently that change has already been
made or it's in the works
so that makes things more competitive
and then apparently there have been a
lot of hospital mergers that reduce the
competition so the administration's
going to take a look at that to see if
maybe there's something to do with
hospital mergers to perhaps prevent them
that would make more competition in the
area and then I also understand this is
not on the list of three but that the
Health and Human Services sped up the
process for is a Health and Human
Services but anyway the government has
sped up the process for approving
generics because there's some kind of
rule where apparently when the second or
third generic hits the market the price
plunges so they just make sure that they
get to that second or third generic
option as quickly as possible the FDA
I'm sorry yes so the FDA has spread has
sped up the process of generics now if
you look at those four things I
mentioned are not all of them is so
obvious that you say to yourself um why
are we only learning that the government
is getting interested in doing these
things now every one of these things is
glaringly obvious after you hear about
it you know most of us are not educated
on all the ins and outs of health care
and where the levers are what you got to
push but it's pretty obvious after the
after they announce their price
is that those are pretty good priorities
because the market will do the rest
all right I've got an idea that I want
to run by you it's not a good idea but I
want to run it by you anyway you
remember when Elon Musk's one of his
companies builds tunnels so it's big
equipment called the boring company a
funny name and they bore giant holes and
one of the things he announced was that
they were figuring in a way to make
bricks and of the dirt that they were
digging from the holes and this made me
ask the following question how hard is
it to make a brick what kind of
equipment
I know chemistry what do you have to mix
together how hard is it to make a brick
it is that can you buy a brick making
machine and if he did is it a whole
factory or is it the size of a you know
maybe a shipping container size is it
tabletop what what exactly does it take
to make a good-quality brick you know
and I asked myself suppose you have this
following model for for helping people
at the low end of the economic situation
and and it looked like this all right
now this is the bad idea the bad version
of the idea but maybe you maybe this
will stimulate thinking take for example
these urban blight areas where the where
the land and the inner cities is so
blighted that it's essentially worthless
and if you wanted to buy some people
would just the city would practically
give it to you just to do something
productive on so you do have a lot of
land in the inner cities likewise
there's lots of land in rural rural
areas so we have enough land lands is
not really the the gating factor here in
most of that land has dirt if you wanted
to build a basement for example
you would create a lot of dirt if you
want to build a tunnel to run some
cables or or to run some you know
geothermal pipeline or something you
need tunnels or you need holes or
ditches so you can create a lot of dirt
in any kind of building imagine this
model
alright so now I'm gonna get to the
point the model looks like this the
government organizes or approves some
simple building mechanisms that are
close to a kit that you can make with
bricks now I was just making bricks that
are not necessarily just rectangles but
rather are a little bit more like Legos
maybe they've got some shapes that are
easy to snap together could you design
single-story homes that are really
really livable and really really easy to
build if you can slap bricks together
you know maybe there are parts of the
construction that you still need to
bring in outside help because there's a
specialty but I'll bet you that if you
could take a neighborhood unless I prep
some you know prep the let's say the
plumbing and the electrical and the
sewage you probably could get people to
to homestead on a piece of land and say
okay here's here's your land and all you
have to do is build on it but here's the
cool part you give people two plots one
to build on any rate they want they can
dig their own holes they can make your
own bricks they can build on it once
built it will be almost pre approved
because they'll be building to a model
that the government has already blessed
the reason I say single-story is because
you've got a whole higher risk if you go
more stories it's harder to build it
it's you know it's more to follow that
on it's a greater risk right so just
keep it simple and somebody's saying you
need mortar and I'm not I don't
/ specify the mechanism for building I'm
just saying that you probably could
create a kit like building thing that
anybody could learn by looking at a
youtube video so every day you wake up
and look at the YouTube video and says
okay it says put some bricks on this
wall and that's all you do that day you
just look at the video do it now some
people are gonna say Sears had kit homes
etc so I know that kit homes work the
market has for whatever reason taking
them and at the out of the market but
there's no reason we couldn't put them
back so here's here's the key part you
give people not one plot of land but two
and they're they're contiguous they can
build their own home from from a base
home so let's say that let's say that
the Builder creates a bathroom kitchen
and one extra roof for sleeping in so
let's say that's your your basic house
let's say it only costs twenty thousand
dollars to build just that little core
but you build it so they can easily be
expanded by the owner so the owner could
add another bathroom add another room
they just do it one brick at a time
according to the plans that are already
approved and they can build it in a rate
they want in their spare time but then
the second plot of land they simply own
as an investment property so once they
built out enough of their own home they
can say alright I'll just keep going I
know how to build the house though so
I'll just build a second one on this
second free plot that came with the
first one and the second one will be for
me to rent or to sell so that you create
a place to live with an income because
the second plot of land is something
that they can they can use their labor
to invest in build another home rent it
out or sell it anyway I'm going to throw
that out throw that idea out there it
would require standardized plans it
would require some kind of a kit
material that the average person who
could use it would require land that
could be easily acquired it would
require the concept that you get two
pieces of land
and you would need you would need the
professionals to to set in the basics so
you would need the professionals to put
in the sewage the you know the the main
electric to the house but you could
probably get to the point where even an
individual who didn't know plumbing
could add a bathroom if you did it right
because if you if you always use the
same plumbing the same set of things
they would stick together pretty easily
you know they you only get it's only
hard to do construction if everyone is
different and your your you have to cut
logs and yep not cut logs but you have
to cut wood you have to shape things and
you've got to take big things and turn
them into little things on the jobsite
if you never had to do any of that if
everything was a set of things that
always fit together just right the
average person could do it easily you
might need inspectors just to make sure
they did it right all right so that's
enough on that let me talk about a
little poll I'm doing on Twitter right
now so you have seen it I did a poll and
I asked how many people have had the
experience of following me on Twitter
only to have Twitter's system for one
reason or another unfollow them so that
they had to later follow me again
and so I I did it Twitter poll now first
thing you need to know is that the
Twitter poll is not it's not scientific
it doesn't mean that these numbers are
accurate in the way that you would like
a poll to be accurate all I was trying
to find out is if there are a lot of
them or not a lot of them and I thought
for that purpose it doesn't matter how
scientific it is there there either be a
lot of them or there won't be a lot of
them so here was what I found out so
there over 8,000 people have responded
to the poll from the beginning from the
first you know hundred or so people who
responded approximately 17 or 18 percent
were saying that they had the experience
sometimes more than once of following me
and then
finding out that they had been somehow
unfollowed and what's interesting is
that as that number of people who
answered the poll grew from a few
hundred to now close close to I think
nine thousand for most of that entire
time the the ratio of people who said
that their their followers had been
unfollowed on my account specifically
state around seventeen to eighteen
percent does that mean something I don't
know it could easily not mean anything
but I asked myself that is a very
consistent number I would have expected
to see more fluctuation I would have
expected that maybe it started out being
a big number and shrunk over time but it
stayed consistent at around 17 to 18
percent now as many people pointed out
some developers pointed out and and
twitter themselves had explained this to
me as well there is a real situation in
which this can happen through normal
just normal error and the way it works
is if you've got your device in your
hand and your your in the app on twitter
and you say follow its first recorded in
your app so the only place that exists
at first is on your phone it doesn't
exist at Twitter yet until until that
signal is sent to Twitter Twitter you
know recognizes that there's probably
some kind of a digital handshake that
says yes we got it you don't need to
send it again now apparently there are
fairly fairly frequent times when you
lose a connection or just that handshake
between Twitter and your phone doesn't
work so you can have times when you
think you've liked something you think
you followed somebody and it didn't get
registered at Twitter and then the next
time you check is not there so that's
some of it so I would say it is
confirmed that sometimes that happens
likewise it is confirmed that probably
people think they followed me and didn't
probably confirmed
you know they pushed the wrong button
they thought they followed me but they
liked it they remembered it wrong so
some of it's probably human error and
bad memory and all that but I now have I
think over 1,500 people 1,500 people
said that they followed me and got
automatically unfollowed about 18% of
all the people answered do you think
that 17 or 18 percent of all the people
who followed me had a technical error
maybe maybe you know if you added the
the possibility of technical errors to
confirmation bias to the fact that the
poll is not scientific so you know it
may be it may be skewed quite a bit just
naturally if you added together all of
the possible reasons why people would
have the impression that they were
unfollowed could it get to 18% of all my
traffic and maybe 18% is not accurate
because it's not a scientific poll I
don't think so you know I can't rule it
out yeah there's no way I can say it's a
hundred percent chance that something
weird is going on here but as I've said
before if you can't tell and there's no
mechanism to know so I so I have this
question it's it's suspicious it's
suspicious by its nature if I can't tell
if that's really stopping me or not
then democracy or the Republic as we
call it does not exist because it means
that the social media companies can do
anything they want and they can they can
put their finger on the scale any way
that they like and nobody's going to
know the difference there is no
mechanism to check now you may say to
yourself well wouldn't it be more
obvious if they were doing this and of
course a lot of people think it is
obvious but confirmation bias
is too much of a possibility there to
know that just people's thinking they
see it means anything doesn't
necessarily mean anything but let me let
me draw a picture to tell you how
dangerous this is
some people when I when I made the
comment that social media has eliminated
really the democratic process for all
practical purposes and concentrated it
with a few people who can control those
platforms people said to me is God's
God's got we've always had you know the
news and the news has always been fate
news so if he went back to the 20s and
read a newspaper about politics it
probably wouldn't be all that accurate
and so we've always lived in a world in
which our democracy was greatly
influenced by you know big companies in
in in the past it was more just the news
in the president it's the news plus the
social media so nothing's different
Scott you know why are you why are you
talking about this but here's the
difference that they do not account for
if you go back to the 20 years of the
fifties or any time in the past or even
60 seventies ratings you could go back
to the 90s and it would be completely
different than today and the reason is
that we now know so much more about how
to influence people we know what works
in general and we can rapidly test it to
find out if it did work and we have so
much better analytics we know how to get
the exact message to the exact person
the type of message that affects the
right person and we can even tell what
kind of people might be influenced and
and which ones not to bother with
because they'll never change their mind
imagine all of that technology that
knowledge that abilities to measure and
to influence people nothing like that
ever existed before and the public at
large is unaware of it the the average
member of the public doesn't know that
the technology and the knowledge of how
to influence people
has gone from you know the right brother
is barely getting an airplane in the air
to putting the rocket on Mars so if you
say it's no different we had newspapers
then we've got social media now it's all
fake news nothing's that different
completely wrong because we didn't know
how to do it until I'd say the last
several years that's when we started
getting really good that's when AI got
into it and you know that you know that
the deep dives into the data when we
really knew who everybody was people
lost their privacy and we were ability
we could tell even a slight difference
in a color on an interface or or a
headline the way it was worded and we
could tell which ones stimulate people
and which ones don't
now as good as we are at the moment at
influencing people consider and I said
this yesterday as well consider that
we've had we will have had four years
from 2016 before the the next election
in 2020
these smartest people in the universe
were who are the tech people the people
work at the big tech platforms let's
listen it they are some of the smartest
people in the universe as far as we know
let's say the solar system and they have
a great incentive to do better at
influencing elections they have the
means they have the intelligence they
have the time they have all the
resources and they've they've got
everything they need and by 2020 they
will be able to completely determine the
results of an election let me give you a
specific example suppose they found out
and I think this is all discoverable and
something that they could find out
suppose social media found out the
people in the electorate the voters who
could be influenced so they start with
all these people all the people who vote
and they know that most of them are
going to vote their party no matter
what most of them are gonna vote or not
vote and there's not much you can change
it's hard to turn non voters and to
voters it's hard to change people's
party but there's some small sliver of
people who can be influenced and I'll
bet they can be identified
all right so step one is canvass social
media platforms identify the small group
of people who can be influenced I'm sure
they came i'm sure the both parties can
do it i'm sure that this is available
information once you've identified that
people who can be influenced can you
change the ratio of messages they hear
from one side versus the other side and
could you do that without being noticed
well if you took all of the people who
were looking at me and you said all
right let's hypothetically let's let's
mess with Scot we've identified this
Scot he's unusually persuasive because
he has training and because he has a
large following on social media so those
two things are first the first flag oh
he's persuasive he knows how to do this
and he has the large following so it's a
big platform so suppose they said why
don't we just change how his message
gets to not the whole group because the
whole group is largely can't be
persuaded about anything but suppose we
only limit his message to the few from
the few people who could be influenced
would I notice and what would that look
like what I looked at my traffic what it
would look like is that I didn't go down
by 90% because I would notice that it
wouldn't go down 80% or 70% or 6050 I
would notice that 40 I'd noticed that 30
20 and around 20 I can't tell so if I
were going to game the system I would
make sure that the only people who
didn't see Scott's message are the
people who
could be influenced and that can't be
more than 17 or 18 percent of the public
I mean I would be generous probably as
close to closer to less than 5% so I
can't determine if anything
inappropriate illegitimate is happening
in my case I cannot make that
determination but I can say with
complete certainty that if someone
wanted to game the system they would
look for people like me and you could
probably make a small list of the other
people that would be in the last year
you see Jack pasaba QC Mike Serna
on the list you'd see you know you could
make your own list of you know 50 people
let's say if you took the the 50 maybe
100 let's say if you took the hundred
most influential people on one side
let's say the pro Trump side and you
said the only thing we're gonna mess
with is how often the persuadable sliver
of the world sees their content
everybody else could see everything it
doesn't matter because it's not going to
change their votes could they do that
they could certainly identify who the
people they don't want me to see the
message and they could change for
example which which YouTube gets
suggested would you know the difference
if your youtubes were not being
suggested as often to the small sliver
of the public then are the influential
ones you wouldn't notice you might
notice something like what I saw with my
17 or 18 percent who seem to get
automatically unfollowed it could be
that the people who are getting
automatically unfollowed wait for it are
the persuadable now I'm not gonna make
that claim because I don't have I don't
have the sufficient data to say that
that's true I'm just saying that it
would look kind of exactly like this if
there was something going on some
mischief but we don't know the fact that
we don't know
creates the following situation which I
talked about in different context
whenever you have the following
variables you're gonna have mischief the
following variables are a huge upside
you know you either making money or
getting power so there's a huge upside
gain that you could get it is almost
impossible to get caught and there are a
number of people involved the number of
people involved is to make sure that
there's at least one person who's
willing to do something mischievous
let's say if you only had one person who
saw a big upside pain and there was only
one person and they knew they wouldn't
get quiet you might say well okay it's
one person sometimes that one person
will do the ethical thing and they won't
do the thing they could if it was just
one person maybe the word may be the one
but if you have a number of people you
can guarantee somebody in that number of
people is gonna take the free money big
upside game either in power or whatever
it is that they're trying to gain no
chance of getting caught in what
situation have you ever seen those
variables gigantic upside came no chance
of getting caught and lots of people
involved when those are the variables
when do you not see mischief never in
the history of the in the history of
humankind you've never not once see in a
situation like that where people you
know don't jump in and aggressively
exploit the system it's what we do we're
humans right you would expect nothing
less
so I would say at this point that the
whatever you thought about the republic
and about the democracy is over and we
don't have to worry about losing our
democratic process because it's already
gone now
and by the way I mean that sincerely
without
we don't have the same political system
we had 10 years ago and nobody decided
to make it that way
right we didn't have a national
conversation delay let's change our
government by really putting the social
media platforms largely in control of
this stuff nobody made that decision it
just sort of evolved that way that's
what we got now I've I've said before
that if I ever reached a million
followers on Twitter that I would
largely run the world meaning that
because again I I'm a skilled persuader
I've studied it I know how to do it if
my platform were bigger and I'm just
using a million as sort of my you know
there's no science behind that number
it's just a big number there's somewhere
at around a million followers I would be
so hard to ignore
that I would become part of every
conversation in it once I become part of
a conversation starts changing things
now somebody said look how big your ego
is I'm making a claim that anybody who
has my skill set and reaches a million
followers is going to have this kind of
influence my skill set is simply that
I've spent time learning these things
it's not that I'm magic it's not that
I'm smarter than other people
is that I spend time learning a specific
skill set anybody could do it
now you add that to the fact that that I
would have more followers that magnifies
the message so here's the thing as we're
entering this new age of enlightenment
where we understand that voting is not
what we thought it was but rather we're
being influenced by all these dark
forces if you want to get your way the
best way to do it
aside from voting is to boost the voices
on social media that are the closest to
your own so I think you're going to see
sort of
to promote certain voices so that they
they have more influence on social media
because that's the thing now keep in
mind that if it's true that I'm I'm
being shadowed by and/or throttled back
in any way and I don't have I don't have
conclusive evidence that that's the case
but if it were true the more users I
have the harder it is to make me
invisible
so as some number of users it would be
almost impossible to game the system to
keep me to keep me away from people so
if you want if you want to get your
system back you would find people you
agree with it doesn't have to be me but
just people you agree with who are
persuasive try to boost their social
media traffic and then those voices
become sort of the proxies for you all
right let's talk about let's talk about
Star Trek discovery so Jack Sabich asked
on Twitter what were people's favorite
science fiction shows the people had a
lot of opinions as you might imagine I
mentioned Star Trek discovery which is
on CBS all access pass and I got a huge
push back and and I do know that at
least there's a huge number of people
who are seriously mad about that show
because it's too politically correct now
it is politically correct in in a sense
that they make a female character of the
most ass-kicking character but that's
all all science fiction the entire genre
of science fiction has gone to a female
centric model where the women are the
badasses and they're the ones who are
beating up beating up the aliens and
stuff so that part i'm just started
getting used to yeah it's probably a
phase that society is going through but
the reason I like it is the first season
was confused
and wasn't that great so if you only
watched the first season and then you
bailed out you missed the best second
season ever the second season introduces
a new character Captain Pike who is just
great but what I like about the show is
they they have the best actors the
person who plays the main character
Michael who is she's a woman but her
name is Michael for reasons that are not
explained she's a great actor or do you
say actress I don't know I don't know
what is the proper term but all of the
actors are the best that I've seen in
the sci-fi ensemble and the effects the
story is the actors second seasons great
first season yeah now let's talk about
Assange somebody on Twitter sent me some
articles showing me that both Rand Paul
and Rudy Guiliani not too long ago in
the in the not distant past have
suggested that Assange maybe not go to
jail for different reasons Rand Paul was
suggesting that that we offer a pardon
the government offers a pardon in risk
in return for whatever he knows about
Hillary Clinton's email separately Rudy
Giuliani was making the point that you
couldn't really criminalize what
WikiLeaks or Assange did because it's
the same thing that the New York Times
and other organs do all the time and so
that was more of a legal opinions Rand
Paul was more of a practical political
opinion
Giuliani he was more of a preliminary
obviously not a deep dive but a
high-level legal opinion so remember I
said before that this whole Assange
situation could be laundering him
through the process with the
understanding that there's no way he's
ever going to get convicted for anything
in return he may be giving up some
secrets but because there would not be a
deal per se that you know we were aware
of maybe we never even know the
government made a deal
the government would take a lot of heat
if it made any kind of a deal with
Assange there are enough people who
wanna sonj in jail or executed that it
would be very awkward for our
governments say ah we made a deal but
there are deals and then there are deals
and it's possible that the deal could be
to charge him with things that they know
full well could never get a complete
jury to agree on because that would
launder him through the system nobody
could say we ignored it nobody could say
we he was above the law nobody could say
that the government did not act
aggressively to to try to to put the
greatest harm upon him it would look
like that but at the end he would be a
free person at least in this country
he'd still have problems with other
countries I think but yeah we would have
run him through the system and then we
would say all right well maybe we don't
like how it turned out but we do respect
our own legal system for the most part
and that would that would really hurt
all right so what else we got going on
here somebody asked me why I cared if
YouTube demonetised some of my videos
it's a fair question so I think I'll
give you a fair answer in the context of
that is that since I've said I have a
few money and what's the point of
needing to be deep needing to be
monetized if you're not doing it for the
money completely favorite question
here's my complete answer the deep
monetization is more to do has more to
do is about more than money the money of
course matters and it is an incentive I
would work harder for more money even
though I have money if you don't
understand that you don't understand
human beings it doesn't matter how much
money I have I would still work harder
for more money
in other words
if I were monetized I I would have moral
I would more likely do let's say a
second video in the afternoon instead of
whatever else I was going to do all
right I'm almost sure I would still do
one a day because I enjoy it so much but
I might do more I might put a little
more effort into it
I might improve the quality of the
production I might buy a new microphone
at the moment a hundred percent of my
monetization which comes through patreon
for people who still are ok with patreon
it comes through these super hearts that
you can do on periscope if you click the
super heart you can donate money and
then the monetization that I just turned
on for YouTube just to give you a sense
of scope my total lifetime monetization
on YouTube which has only been this past
week is a little bit over $200 right so
just so you know what monetization means
in my case about $200 over three days I
think so essentially all of my
monetization goes to pay for my
assistant who moves it from the
periscope over to YouTube ads as
captions etc and for improving the
production so we're a long way away from
me actually making anything like money
at you know all of the monetization that
I expect to experience over the next
year would be more related toward
improving the product so yeah I'm not
expecting to make a profit on it but if
I did let me let me say this as clearly
as possible I would love to make money
on this or anything else I'm a
capitalist so if I do more work and
people like it and that causes me to
make more money then I'm very happy and
I'm more likely to do a better job but
the other point I was getting at is that
the D monetization I'm pretty sure I
think this is safe to say would also
affect its visibility in other words
when YouTube says
we suggest this next video because you
watch this one it seems unlikely to me
that they would suggest
demonetized videos because the reason
they got demonetised is that they're not
as suitable for the general audience as
an advertiser would like them to be so
it makes sense to me that demonetised
and less visible are sort of the same
thing right so it does matter it if
you're deep monetize let's answer the
question this is a random point you saw
I tweeted last week I think a study that
said that racism in the United States is
sharply down under trump and was not
sharply down under obama now you have to
be careful of this kind of science
because it just might be wrong so I
would wait for more confirming studies
to feel comfortable that that's true but
people said well how could it be true
that there could be more crazy people
doing violent mass shootings at the same
time that racism in general is down and
I think that those are completely
compatible one this crazy shooters are
literally crazy people crazy people are
more likely to be triggered because the
news business is stimulating our fight
or flight instincts so you would expect
that people most sensitive to having
their fight or flight instincts tweaked
most sensitive to being you know
radicalized online it would be crazy
people
and sure enough crazy people are doing
more crazy stuff because everybody's
amped up like whatever you were feeling
about politics five years ago I'll bet
you feel more about it now you might not
care more but the way you feel is
probably higher so you could easily have
the crazy people being triggered at the
same time you wake up in the morning you
see your neighbor was some different
after the ethnic group and you're better
than you've ever been so my experience
is that
racism at least against blacks and
against Hispanics it feels like it's
down you know my my regular life I just
don't see any signs that anything's
getting worse for racism against those
groups in particular but of course
there's greater racism against white
people I think that's that's obvious
it's just that there's a different level
of sympathy when it happens to the
groups that people think are running the
Patriot patriarchy that doesn't mean it
doesn't exist it just means that people
don't care as much yeah somebody's I
like this quote that who said this first
the racism that the demand for racism is
outstripping the supply was that greg
gutfeld who said that that that the news
business has to go out and you know
generate some racism because they need
it for the news but there's just not
enough of it happening so they've got to
go chin up some get their own racism
going by the way I've agreed to go on
Candis Owens show but I might wait until
my closer to when my upcoming book is
end oh my god somebody's somebody's
reminding me
poor Naomi Wolf I died a thousand deaths
I hope you saw this story so author
Naomi Wolf wrote a book which I think it
was about the prosecution of homosexuals
and England back in some period and she
was doing a BBC interview now and you
know because I'm an author and because
I've gone on many book tours and because
I'm going to be going on another one
this year I I could feel the pain like
it was so personal to me it really hurt
so what happened was she goes on the BBC
to talk about her book and it turns out
the two really important concepts she
misunderstood which cause really the
main premise
her book to be completely flawed and in
summary there were there were there's a
phrase called death recorded she
interpreted meaning that they were
executed so she thought well there were
lots of executions of homosexuals and
that was an important point that I guess
was part of the theme of her book turns
out that that word that the phrase death
recorded was an old-timey way to not
specify what happened meaning that you
could record the death without killing
the person apparently that was the the
common usage of the term as they wanted
to say well we'll record it like we
killed you but we don't want to kill you
so we'll just write down that we killed
you or something like that I may have
that wrong but the point of it is that
on a live BBC interview this book that
she probably worked on for a year or two
or whatever she she's completely
unmasked for her central theme just
being wrong
and I I couldn't even get to the end of
the interview to her credit and and a
lot of credit how often do you see
people sort of trapped about the facts
on live TV or a live interview and they
just lie typically when people get
trapped with a fact check they just
change the subject or they just lie but
Naomi Wolf hears this probably realized
that she's totally you know in trouble
and she and she just says she says well
that's an important fact that we should
research so she actually immediately
acknowledged that she could be wrong and
that she needs to look into it now
here's my take on that and I'm going to
give you the author's take I don't
expect you to adopt this opinion because
I know it's kind of fun to watch people
suffer in public my respect for her act
we went up because she she accepted that
at the hardest possible time I mean that
took some stones to simply even
acknowledge that that could be the case
now of course she's assumed she'll do
some research and maybe maybe we find
out she's right maybe the BBC goes wrong
but the fact that she she took that like
an adult and she accepted completely the
you know the possibility and said she
would look into it my standard is not to
judge the mistake and I've told you this
before if you judge people by their
mistakes you just end up hating
everybody including yourself because
everybody makes mistakes but if you
judge people by how they respond how
they handle their mistakes you have a
much more useful standard and you know
there there's more to the story she'll
she'll have to deal with this maybe
forever who knows but the way she
handled it initially seemed brave and
and somebody who was in control of her
ego and had an appreciation for the
truth even beyond her own well-being so
that's what I saw so I would say maximum
respect to Naomi Wolf for for just
taking a bad situation in a graceful way
very impressive so I would judge her by
that not by whether the book has a
mistaken all right
there was something I knew I wanted to
talk about that I wrote down and
probably can't find it now
yeah all right I think that's all
they're all I have to talk about today
oh yeah old old nads so Jerry Nadler
fainted had some kind of a health scare
in public yesterday now I'm not going to
be happy about anybody's
health problems but I have to point out
that President Trump is the luckiest guy
in the world because of who his enemies
are if your enemies are literally
collapsing you know Hillary Clinton was
the first one to collapse and now
Adler's like literally collapsing it
really doesn't it's not a good look for
the opposition right now again I don't
want to make fun of anybody's health
problems and you know I hope that he's I
hope he's fine health-wise but you can't
overlook the fact that the the quality
of the president's critics is getting
worse and worse I think it was Faraldo
who said on the 5:00 yesterday that that
the President had the most unattractive
critics now when he said unattractive I
don't know if he meant physically or
just the whole persona their character I
think he probably meant it
comprehensively but Adam Schiff and
Jerry Nadler and now Pelosi being that I
would say the faces of the opposition
are really problematic for people who
want to be on that side because even if
you agree with Nadler people are team
players and they feel that anybody on
their team is a reflection of themselves
sort of like an accessory you know you
put on your own outfit but you know your
team is your accessories and Nadler is a
not a good as accessory for most people
they're happy to agree with his opinions
about the president but it's hard to
promote him as your brand because he's
he doesn't have a good look he doesn't
have a personality that you love he's
he's just not very likable in his public
persona and Schiff is the same thing
Schiff is is odd looking and I've
noticed that a number of the president's
critics the Democrats are
unusual-looking sad that coincidence
because I said this the other day I've
said that I believe that's people who
have the most genuine hatred for the
president are people who have been
bullied in their life which is no
laughing matter
right now do you imagine that Jerry
Nadler has ever been bullied in his life
he is short and stout and not a
good-looking guy well most certainly all
right because we live in a cruel world
and almost certainly he has been bullied
in his life
how about Adam Schiff do you think he's
ever been bullied in his life probably I
mean most people have been bullied so it
would be hard to find people who haven't
blumen Blumenthal yes Blumenthal do you
think Blumenthal big critic of the
president do you think he's ever been
bullied in his life I mean I'm trying
not to be mean but it's hard to overlook
that the the critics who are the most
vocal and out front about this president
do have a look and again I'm not trying
to be mean I don't mean this as an
insult it's an observation there is sort
of a look to the people who have what
seems to be an emotional hatred of the
president now I would I would exclude as
I did yesterday Chuck Schumer Pelosi and
a number of other people there are a
number of people who are just legitimate
critics of the president they're sort of
professionals you know I don't see
Pelosi as somebody who was necessary
bully does get you're at least not more
than anybody else
I don't know that Chuck Schumer was
bullied as a kid but neither of them
seem like they're emotionally involved
they seem like they're doing they're
professional critics Nadler Blumenthal
Schiff they'd always seem like that they
seem like there's something else going
on now some of the younger ones like SWA
well and AOC
I they also seemed like
professionals when I sees while while
talking about the president does it look
to you then soir well was bullied as a
child and he's got an emotional problem
with the president no I don't see it I
see swallow world doing the things that
makes sense for somebody who's a
politician on the other side saying the
things you said is some of them true
some of them seem a little exaggerated
but he doesn't look like he has a mental
problem he doesn't look like he's
emotionally involved
Ted Lou same thing I would say Ted moon
is not emotionally involved
he seems like he's he's just playing his
part all right
so that's all I have to say today and I
will talk to you all tomorrow