Oh I thought I invented
it well we're almost ready
here any moment
[Music]
now we do have a little bit of a
technical difficulty here a little
hiccup a little hiccup let's see if I
get out and get back in that works
and then we'll have this show of shows
the best thing you've ever
seen how can I find my own
content there we
are well good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization his called coffee was Scott
Adam and it's the best thing that'll
ever happen to you and if you'd like to
take it up to levels that you can't even
understand with your tiny shiny human
brain all you need is a CER mug girl
glass A tankered chelin and A Canen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopamine the
day the thing makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous up it
happens now go
oh so good so
good well who's the unhappiest people in
the entire world today no let let me
extend it not the least happy person in
the world but who's the least happy
person in the world plus anything
orbiting the
world that might give it away the least
happy person in the world or orbiting
the world that's right those would be
the astronauts that are trapped on the
international uh space station and
they're hoping that the that Boeing will
fix their Starliner so they can go home
so it looks like they thought they were
going to be there for a
week looks like they'll be there for
three weeks uh they barely limped up
there on the Starliner but they uh are
not so sure they know how to get them
back back don't know how to get them
back now the question you might ask
yourself is well there are many
questions you might ask about the
technological knowhow of Boeing you
might ask about the psychological state
of the astronauts themselves you might
ask about the space station and how long
it's been there and how long we're going
to keep it very important questions many
many important questions about this
topic but none more important than this
one
will it become a Dilbert comic yes yes
it will next week you'll see uh
Dilbert's company will be building a
spacecraft to send their CEO up to the
space station uh it won't be so good at
getting him back but yes when you're
this much like a dilber comic when you
when you've
got see the worst part about it
is I people don't want to die ironically
and
slowly now it's bad enough to die
ironically so let's say that you were uh
uh famous for promoting health and
running and then you had a heart attack
when you're young and you
die well that's very ironic because
you're the you're the healthy person but
you get a heart attack and die but at
least it's fast the worst way to die is
ironically and
slowly as in being trapped on the
International Space St
and having a lot of time to think about
the following
question why did I trust Boeing to put
me on National Space
Station do you think do you think
they're not questioning their decisions
right
now you know Bob it seemed like a good
idea when we first came up with it
but but uh yeah I think it looks like
Dei is going to kill kill them
um we hope not nothing funny about that
there's nothing funny about that I'm
sure they'll get
back um there's a there was a video that
went around that was sort of a parody
you know one of these uh Babylon B kind
of things except wasn't labeled about
who did the parody so I was going to
talk about it but I thought well I
better find out who did the parody
because it was so well done and what it
was is it showed what looked like a
regular TV show it was very well
produced it looked just like a regular
TV show and it showed these some doctor
talking to the I guess a family of the
patients and described in very serious
terms that what caused the cancer in the
patient was
racism and I thought oh that's pretty
funny it's really well done that's
pretty good parody that you know racism
is a problem for everything and it
causes cancer
turns out that's n NBC's new medical
drama called New Amsterdam and it was
not a
parody I literally couldn't tell the
difference I assumed it was a
parody but NBC really has a show in
which a key plot point is that racism is
causing cancer I guess the racism is
causing some stress and the stress is
causing some
cancer so
there you go and I think I for one think
that we should come up with
some probably need some reparations for
this it's the only way to fix it people
it's the only way to fix
this well you may have seen that uh
president Trump suggested that if he
were president he would uh try to get
rid of taxes on tips
gratuities and uh so Mike cernovich had
suggested hey somebody make little
stickers that you put on your receipt
when you pay your restaurant tab it says
vote for Trump you'll get rid of your
get rid of your uh taxes on your tips
well that idea has been implemented Now
by John ponas if you want to see the
link where you can buy your stickers
they're actually stickers now that say
uh basically that um if you vote for
Trump you know you might get rid of your
taxes so it's a little uh Pro Trump
sticker you can put it on your your
receipt and the URL for that
is uh Trump stickers.
store now you can you can find the link
on my X um feed it's one I just posted
so it'll be at the top right after the
uh after the pinned one so if you didn't
don't want to look there it is Trump
stickers all one word Trump stickers Dot
store well Tik Tock is uh introducing
some AI tools according to Rowan Chung
who's got a good uh good feed you should
follow an x uh so it's called Symphony
and it does three things you can get a
digital
Avatar so you can use one of theirs or
make yourself into an avatar it's got
translation tools so you can turn your
video into every other
language now how big a deal is that
that that feels just like a little thing
dropped in there but but imagine if you
can just push a button and your video
will be translated into all the major
languages that seems
gigantic that that such a big deal wow
um and there's an AI assistant and more
so that'll be fun yeah the whole online
world of what's real and what's your
avatar is going to get real weird
real weird I'm working on my little
Dilbert Museum here in my house and one
one of the things I'll do it'll probably
be available online too is if I get it
working my my AI will be a little agent
that talks like me and someday will look
like
me and you could actually go into the
Dilbert Museum and have my avatar answer
any questions so it's going to know
pretty much everything about my career
so you can go in there and say tell me
something about you know how you got
started it'll just tell you and that is
so cool I can barely even contain myself
I I have such a nerdish delight in in
the cool new things we'll be able to do
I mean AI is one of those things that
you know starts off
slow but oh let me tell you another
story so the other day I had some uh
complicated medical questions just sort
of not related to a specific thing but
yeah I was trying to understand the
nature of a complicated medical thing
with lots of choices and variables
involved oh my God was chat GPT good at
that oh my God no it may have it may
have given me hallucinated advice but it
was so clear and answered the question
so so well that I immediately said I
don't know why I would need a doctor
like actually literally if I had you
could use you could use chat GPT as a a
second opinion
and you'd be pretty happy about it so I
don't know how it actually compares to a
doctor but as a non doctor listening to
Chad GPT it sure sounded like it covered
all the vases and was very impressive so
I would suggest to you that if something
comes up and you just have some
curiosity because you're worried about
it you should check chat GPT out it
actually is really good now for that
stuff
um well the disgraced
ADL uh is now looks like you might get
banned by Wikipedia and the reason is
that they
uh uh this is what they say Wikipedia
says ADL no longer appears to adhere to
a serious mainstream and intellectually
cogent definition of
anti-semitism instead is succumb to the
Shameless politization of the very
subject it was originally esteemed for
being reliable on that's from a
Wikipedia editor you know one one
editor um of many and uh so it's been
added to a list of banned and partially
banned sources due to its conflating
anti-jewish
hate uh with anti-israel
critiques so editors have voted
unreliable as a source of
information now I don't know if karma is
working for me personally
but I feel like every time some entity
attacks me they they go right in the
toilet this would be like the fourth or
fifth one that's come after me and then
fairly soon after you know just complete
destruction of their business model
through their own actions so the
Washington Post cancels me and and
they're just absolutely falling apart I
I have an entire week of rap B working
at the Washington poop who will be going
through the same thing the the funny
thing was the Washington Post under the
new management uh is telling the Legacy
news people hey we've got two news rooms
now I don't know what the two are but
we're going to add a third one and the
third one is going to be some kind of
social media online more native you know
designed for Modern Times News
thing and and I'm thinking to myself how
would you like to be one of the people
who did not move into the new thing
because I think the new thing is the
only thing that clearly the Legacy model
is so dead that they probably just want
to get rid of it but they need something
to be a business of so they're going to
create some new business within the
business but the reality is that the
it's not additional business the reality
is that if you're working on the Legacy
stuff you you're on the dying business
that's going to be gone pretty soon so
that's just perfect Dilbert fodder so
ratbert will be in that very situation
next week uh you can only see Dilbert
now on by subscription on X or on the
Scot items. locals.com um subscription
site all right um so the ADL yeah
they're the ones who said uh the head of
the ADL called me a Holocaust denier in
public actually actually said that in
public about me
so how much do I want the ADL to go out
a business a lot yeah they're completely
disgraced they're an embarrassment to
all Jewish Americans and Jews and
anywhere else in the world so if you're
Jewish and you're still supporting the
ADL you have a lot of explaining to do
because they're making you look like
clowns basically so why would you fund
somebody who makes you look like
idiots here's an interesting study that
I don't know if I believe but it's so
fun this this is recreational science
recreational science I'm going to tell
you about some studies that if they were
true would be really interesting but are
they true I don't know it's been a coin
TOS so there's a study that uh says
there's a link between High pollen
levels and increase
creativity uh so Tariq Khan of the
University of Nebraska Oma so apparently
there's a strong
correlation between how much pollen
there is in a place and how creative and
you know vital their economy is for
because of the creativity now do you
believe
that does that does that pass your sniff
test no pun
intended I don't know here's what I
think is it true that pollen is also
Associated where there are four
seasons is that is that also
true CU don't we ever wonder if if you
grew up let's say you're the 10th
Generation of people who grew up where
there are four
seasons wouldn't that mean that you're
the people that you descended from were
good at
planning would that be fair to say
because you can't survive the winter
unless you spend all summer getting
ready for the winter so it seems to me
that people who are spent many
generations where they had to do a lot
of planning more than a year in advance
would end up being good at planning more
than a year advance and if you woke up
every day and the food was just sort of
laying out there and you could just go
get it and every day was like the day
before you wouldn't need a lot of
creativity creativity wouldn't be valued
because everybody just gets up and hunts
and forges and has a good time and goes
back to bed but you would imagine that
if you know a thousand people left those
easy places and went where there four
seasons and everything's challenging
most of them would die and the ones that
would be left would be the ones who were
creative the ones who are creative
because they were creative they're like
oh we're going to have to do something
creative to live in this Four Seasons
world so it does seem to
me that where there's pollen isn't there
Four Seasons I just wonder if it's the
right correlation anyway just a
hypothesis with no science whatsoever to
back it
all right um there's other science if we
believe it that polystyrene
microplastics makes rats less social and
they have less
oxytocin now I don't know I don't know
if it's true that the microplastics will
make humans also less social and have
less oxytocin all I know is that the
more water I drink from plastic modles
the more I hate people but that could be
a
coincidence now I have to correct myself
cuz apparently that's not exactly the
kind of plastic that's in a plastic
bottle so technically my joke doesn't
make sense but did that stop me no no
that didn't even slow me down because my
jokes are impervious to
science if it sounds good I say it so
now it's a different kind of plastic I
think but still I'm sure I'm getting
microplastics to hate other people or
it's just other people are getting worse
or once you reach a certain age just
start start liking people
less I know there's something about the
pandemic that just destroyed my brain I
I can't even pretend I'm the same person
as I was before the
pandemic there's a new study that says
self-driving cars are already safer than
human drivers except during some
specific situations like Dawn and Dusk
and making
turns but overall it's already
better uh what was the name of one of
the people studying whether the cars are
safer if they're driven by um humans
versus machines well his last name is
ding shangan
ding now a ding is exactly what happens
to your
car if it doesn't do a good job of
self-driving it gets a ding but that's a
coincidence he did not choose that line
of work because his last name was
ding I would like my last name to be
ding because then every time somebody's
phone went off i' think they were
talking to me I'd be sitting there and
I'd hear ding I'd be yes oh sorry that
was just some kind of an
alarm all right uh Elon Musk estim ated
that uh in I don't know next 10 or 20
years there might be 20 billion robots
in the world 20 billion so that would be
one robot for every person plus a whole
bunch of them working in factories 20
billion all right hold that in your mind
for a
moment now uh add to that that
self-driving cars just reached the
crossover point where they're safer than
regular cars you know what happens next
right as soon as everybody understands
that the self-driving cars are safer
than
others one thing that might happen is
that that some states going to make it
illegal to drive a car So eventually
it's going to be illegal for humans to
drive cars on the same highways as
robots because the robots or the robot
cars will be the safe ones so they just
won't make it you make it legal but more
importantly
if you have a choice of a car that can
drive itself and one that
can't very soon it won't be a question
it'll be very much like do you want a
smartphone or a flip phone yes 1% of the
public will keep their flip phone but
99% are going to say are you
kidding wh why wouldn't I have a
smartphone if I have a choice if I can
afford
it so I think you're going to see uh
Tesla just start absorbing everybody who
doesn't feel like driving especially in
traffic do you know who hates driving in
traffic I
do if the only thing that happened is
Tesla start sucking up all the customers
who don't like to
drive that would be one hell of an
investment in that company now I don't
give investment advice and I do own
Tesla stock so I'm I'm very biased and
you should not take my lead on any you
know any Finance or uh investment stuff
it's not advice I'm not advising you I'm
just saying it's a company that has a
once ever event a once ever there will
only be one time in all of human history
when people say wait a minute it would
be safer if the car drives itself that
will never happen again it's a it's a
once ever change over to self-driving
cars and they're the best position for
it now add to that that they probably
will become the best maker and
manufacturer of robots or at least one
of the best and that's a 20 billion
robot Market within the next 10 years or
so and that's both
Tesla that's just
Tesla now I've never seen a company more
poised to make money than that but hold
on there's a big F
there's a really big if it's the biggest
if of all time so in case I got you all
excited about Tesla stock here's going
to be the
Counterpoint to run robots and Teslas
you need a lot of
electricity we were told quite reliably
in fact Trump even said this on the
all-in podcast I'll talk about in a bit
but um the need for electricity in our
AI driven world is through the roof
so much so that we can't meet it let's
be honest there will be way more demand
for electricity than we could possibly
meet what's that do to the cost of
electricity it should make make it go up
right because even though we're going to
be trying like crazy to build nuclear
power plants we're going to do it at
American speed which is
slow really really slow so we should be
entering a period of um 10 to 20 years
where electricity costs will go through
the roof just supply and demand there's
I don't see the any way around it right
because the you know the companies that
make your robots and stuff are going to
be just drawing so much
electricity so there going to be some
big fights over whether uh business gets
the electricity or residence you might
find that you just don't have
electricity at night in five
years you know depending where you live
so if you're looking at the economics of
buying a electric car or an electric
robot the only kind there will be you're
going to have to put in the electric
costs because I've got a feeling that
you put your if you buy a you know a
$10,000 robot how bet it's going to cost
you 20,000 in
electricity so that that's the big uh
wild card there is that the the market
will be so big that it will price itself
out by lack of electricity the other the
other thing is that when the forces are
that big to drive you toward uh more
electricity I think the small nuclear
power plants are going to be the thing
now I should tell you full disclosure uh
the other day I bought a stock that I
don't recommend because I don't
recommend any stock I'm not saying it's
good or bad I'm just fully
disclosing uh n
NE uh Nano nuclear energy or something
and uh they're fairly new they don't
have any profits and they're in the
space of the newest technology for the
small modular reactors and new fuel so
they're in exactly the right business
that's taking off with the you know a
massive amount of Interest that's coming
into it but you don't know if any of
their stuff will work right so the the
uh the play there is that they have no
profits they're not profitable
and they don't have anything that
obviously would be their profit but
they're in exactly the right place for
developing new stuff for this industry
so keep an eye on that Joy Reed uh
finally you know my I don't know if you
know but my goal was to influence Joy
Reed to lose her uh her Trump
parott because I don't know if you've
been paying attention but Joy Reed had
been sporting the the Trump haircut for
a
while but it looks like she's done with
that now and has moved finally finally
to these Scott Adam's
haircut so if you see this haircut Joy
Reed same haircut now I knew eventually
I'd get her I knew
yeah I knew it um there's another study
about obesity and kids says kids with
obesity are sadder and have lower
cognition and mental health but we don't
know if it's cause or effect so we don't
know if the kids are overeating because
they're sad um or if they're sad because
they're overeating or both could be
either way so it could be both way
science uh I would
suggest that having you know watched
kids you know have been in my house with
stepkids Etc that the ones who are have
a little extra weight really really love
eating I've said this before you could
tell that their love of eating was
completely different from the the kids
who had zero body fat those kids would
like could look right at Food having not
eaten all day they could look at their
favorite food and walk right right past
it so I
think that uh people who are not as
happy as they could be look for other
ways to be happy
so this is what I call the pleasure unit
hypothesis this is my own hypothesis the
humans need a minimum amount of pleasure
and if they can't get it in the the ways
that are healthy and good and approved
by the public they'll get it in some
other way but they don't have an option
of sitting there being sad below some
point if you're sad below some point
you're going to do something right
you're going to have to do something to
make it go away so if the only thing you
can do is
drugs some people do if the only thing
you can do is eat or
drink some people do but the way I judge
it is not so much a willpower or bad
decisions is just you look around you
try to get all the pleasure you can in
the normal legal ways it's just not
there so you do what you have to
do I always think about these studies I
don't know if they're real or not about
the Vietnam Vets who would be hooked on
Heroin while they were in Vietnam but
then they would come home and you think
oh it's going to be tough for them to
get off the heroin and then they just
stop doing it and they have no problem
now I have I'm suspicious whether those
studies are real but if they are it it
would support the point that if you're
off in Vietnam about to get killed you
don't really have much source of any
kind of pleasure so they'll take what
they can get even if it's the worst idea
in the world which would be heroin uh
and then when they get home suddenly
they have access to just normal
Pleasures human beings family nature all
that stuff without being shot nature um
and then they don't need it so it may be
that uh if you if you take care of
people's Pleasures they don't seek bad
pleasures and I think that's the answer
to drugs and overeating smoking all of
them all your bad habits you should work
on making sure you develop good habits
actually here's a good
tip let's say you have a drug habit I
wouldn't even bother trying to quit
unless I developed an exercise habit and
a good eating habit and some other
things that you know could make me
possibly happy if I quit because you
need some kind of pleasure that that's
why I always disagree with going to
rehab now I'm no expert so I'm speaking
completely as a just an observer who
doesn't know anything about it but it
seems to me that the very worst thing
you could do is remove all of a person's
source of
pleasure that that seems tough I think
you would need to figure out how to give
them pleasure that's the good kind and I
think exercise and nature are probably
about two-thirds of that
answer all right but of course
everybody's different so not everybody
can get pleasure from ordinary things
um I saw a uh a bumper sticker or some
kind of
sticker that uh changed what magga means
so it says Trump
2024 and instead of make America great
again it uses the same magga letters but
it's maybe afford groceries again magga
maybe afforded groceries
again oh that's so good see that's
beyond clever
is not just clever it's way better do
you know what uh Maga does to
Democrats they think make America great
again means return to
slavery now I'm only exaggerating a
little bit because they actually do say
stuff like that like oh make it America
great again you mean when the white
people ran everything that is that
literally what the Democrats have been
taught to think no it never meant that
but if you if you take that scary image
of make America great again and you take
it down to the most ordinary level that
everybody understands their groceries
cost too
much maybe afford groceries again is
kind of
brilliant yeah so I wouldn't I wouldn't
put this in the same category of oh
that's funny or oh that's clever this is
way beyond that th this is this is
hardcore hardcore
military grade persuasion because
Trump's biggest problem is that he's
scary and that people think oh your real
your real thing is to let the white
supremacist armies in the Hills come
down or whatever the Democrats think
whatever they're imagining today but if
you take it all the way down to maybe
afford groceries again it's first of all
humble because there's a maybe which is
hilarious and afford groc again hits you
right here like all the other stuff hits
you up here in your head and that's you
you might laugh it's clever but there's
no effect it's just a thing that
happened in your head you tell somebody
maybe you afford groceries
again that's you could feel that right
in your stomach I would love to see this
get used a little bit better a little
bit
more uh there's a project Veritas now
that would be I assume that's whatever's
left after O'Keefe left and formed his
own thing O'Keefe Media Group OMG but uh
there's a project veritus video that
says uh seems to show a Biden State
Department official confirming that the
goal of the open borders is replacing
America's is basically replacement
Theory the the idea that uh Democrats
want to replace Americans with people
who are likely to vote
Democrat
now and and and the person on secret
camera says Latin Americans are all
leftists so the idea is to get a bunch
of leftists in here now here's the
problem that I have with that
video it looks like all they did is talk
to a trump supporter who happens to work
at the state
department I I'm not sure there was any
secrets re involved there cuz when the
undercover person talks about it when he
says the real goal is to replace
America's
demographics he's talking exactly like
every Trump supporter on
X he didn't say I have secret
information he said my opinion is that
they're doing this thing well that's
that's other people's opinion too the
fact that he works at the state
department he did not mention any secret
information I think project Veritas
after OE has gone the best I could do is
find a trump supporter who worked at the
state department to say some trumpy
stuff I'm not sure there's anything
there I don't see anything I mean all I
see is a trump supporter saying Trump
supporter stuff you just happens to work
at the State Department of course there
are some Trump supporters
everywhere all right uh so you know
every year the uh there's a Muslim
migration lots of people become pilgrims
and go to Mecca it's in Saudi Arabia and
of course it's really hot when they go
there and people die from the Heat and
every year there's quite a few tragic
deaths so this year more than uh a
thousand pilgrims died in the Haj the
pilgrimage to Mecca that they're all
supposed to do Muslims were all supposed
to do before they die
once but uh if you thought that
Christianity
had any hope of surviving against
Islam let me just put this story in
context every year they do this every
year the temperature is
120 and they stand out there for hours
this year a thousand of them dropped
dead do you know what they're going to
do about
that same time next
year you Christians don't have a
chance
a thousand people Dro
dead and their response is see you next
year this isn't even unusual it's not
it's not
like they've had they've done worse
they've had as many as 2,000 die when
there was a stampede that
happened I don't know they seem to have
a system that is just
impenetrable if if you can if you could
have a thousand people die on your
religious service every year and you
know it you know they're going to die
you know something in that range is
going to die and they just say all right
see you next year I mean different
people next year
but that is some tough tough tough
people and if you didn't already know
that the Islamic world is
tough wow they're tough I mean
that's I don't even know what to say
about that just
mind-boggling the you know the
difference in what's okay and what's not
in different cultures but uh they're
pretty serious about their
religion turns out big
surprise well the economist that's a
publication allegedly um says that solar
cells will in all likelihood be the
single biggest source of electrical
power on the planet by the mid
2030s do you think that's true that
solar cells would be the single biggest
source of electric power in the 2030s
because at the moment it's like single
digits
right now you may say to yourself Scott
there is no way that could possibly
happen but I would like
to give you a prediction that I
heard 25 years
ago from a futurist Paul safo I think it
was
and the prediction was this that as soon
as robots became real like you you know
robots could actually do robot stuff and
build things and be among us as soon as
you could have
robots then you would very soon after
have unlimited
electricity because the robots would
build solar power um sites just on their
own and they' be making more robots oh
no as soon as robots can make robots it
it wasn't as soon as we're robots it was
as soon as robots make robots as soon as
robots make robots robots become
sufficiently cheap that you have lots of
them and then they can go build solar
farms uh not just the ones on your roof
but they'll just build solar farms near
every Community they'll build Giga
factories with batteries to store it and
that you would ramp up very quickly from
solar is no big deal just solar is
everything
and if you look at the pace of nuclear
power it looks like it might take longer
than 2030s you know even if you start
today you might be looking at 2040s
before there's any serious extra nuclear
power in America so on one hand it looks
ridiculous on the surface of it it looks
like it's just a political bias Pro
climate change alarm kind of
thing but but there is actually a way
that that could happen the robotics
might make Paul safo uh prediction from
yeah there he is from very long ago uh
might make that
true
um and then there's a concern from the
Heritage Foundation that our military
depends on uh China for our energy
because we're turning into a green
military can can you imagine anything
Dumber to do your military than to bind
them to ESG and China as their supplier
for technology for
making basically anything
solar so why don't we just give up on
the idea that we're ever going to go to
war with China let me tell you why we're
not going to be in a war with
China China doesn't want a war with the
United States because they can win
without the war
if you knew you could win without the
war why would you fight one their their
long-term you know China's greatness is
going to be completely driven by
economics and if they can avoid any
large natural disasters that set them
back for you know a generation so
basically they just need to plot along
and you know survive economically and
sheer size will make them the most
powerful force in the world they'll have
economic control control of basically
everything the way we sort of did at one
point so China doesn't need a war they
need to avoid a war the way that China
conquers the world is not having a
war China has a war it could set them
back you know 100 years if they don't
have a war they're going to be in
control of everything in 100 years so
there's no scenario in which China goes
to war because of course they know that
they're very very rational they got a
bunch of Engineers running the place
they can plan ahead really
well so no there's no way they're going
to start a war unless unless we start it
and then they might respond but even
then it would be they'd be looking for
peace right
away
so I don't know it just feels like
fantasy when we talk about a war with
China to me I know we have to be ready
just to make it likely that it won't
happen but uh just don't seem like that
kind of a mentality that they want to
start a
war all right uh another Mike cernovich
reference but um he's saying that if the
elections were run properly like 2016
Trump would win in the landslide this
time but he said if I had money to bet
if I had to bet money he has money but
if I had to bet money in 2024 I would
bet on Joe
Biden uh Democrats find a way to win
they got caus sleeping in 2016 uh that's
all and it won't happen again they'll
cook up
something
and um here's my addition to that so I'm
going to I'm going to agree with the
take that they're looking to do
something now in most prior years I
would said that's not I mean that's not
really on pattern I would have said to
myself really something as big as
throwing an election right in front of
us was Way Beyond what even our evil
Overlord you know blob deep state would
be willing to do but if you simply went
down the list of the things they
literally
did it's it's right in the middle it it
wouldn't even be surprising in fact it
the most likely scenario is that people
do tomorrow what they did for the last
100 years that's your simplest
prediction so look at the group that did
the uh the fine people hoax the Russia
collusion hoax the drinking bleach hoax
the the laptop isn't real
hoax um look at the lawfare the J the
Insurrection January 6 hoax yes yes yeah
there was a time when I would have said
you know grotesquely cheating in an
American
election is so unlikely because people
are watching and all the usual things
but no I would I agree completely they
they must they there must be elements
within the Democrat Party who are trying
to work on any number of dirty tricks I
guarantee the plans are being floated
and it could be everything from you know
martial law to starting a war to
starting a pandemic to uh coming up with
a new hoax about white supremacist in
the Hills so there has to be a lockdown
I actually do expect not only massive
cheating but right in front of us I
think they'll do it right in front of us
where we can all see it and they'll look
at you and they'll Gaslight you and say
there's nothing there and you'll say but
we can all see it it's right there it's
right in front of us and the government
will look at you and say no it isn't
it's right there it's right there we're
both looking at
it no we
aren't and they can actually get away
with that how do we know CU they've done
it over and
over as long as they control the
media that's it they don't have to
control anything else and they do
control the
media so I don't think there's any
manner of cheating at any level
including
assassination that they wouldn't do
right in front of you with the comfort
that they could get away with
it I think they could kill any of the
candidates and get away with it we're at
that point I'm not I'm not predicting it
I'm saying there's nothing that they
couldn't look right in the eye and say
that didn't happen nope nope you must be
imagining it I'm going to put you in
jail if you say it
again all right um on that point America
First legal is reminding us that uh I
guess they did some legal actions and
got a hold of some documents from this
what had been a Department of Homeland
Security idea to create this what the
what the America first Lego calls a
unlawful uh DHS intelligence experts
group and this quote intelligence expert
group was stacked with deep State
partisans as America First legal says
James Clapper and John
Brennan and part of the documents were
discussing uh that most of the domestic
terrorism threat now comes from
supporters of the former
president so the deepest Spooks the
people who are behind Russia collusion
the same people behind the laptop
scam the people behind the darkest worst
hoaxes and Ops and American domestic um
in the at least in American Homeland
same
people who right in front of us have
done these
things and you know why they're still
doing things right in front of us in
public because the media when you accuse
them say hey it's those guys it's those
guys they we know those guys they're
they're all rotten and the media can
say no they're
not and you say but but but we see it
right in front of us it's so obvious and
then the media will say no it
isn't and that's where we are we're
we're in a complete gaset situation
where there's not even a nod toward the
truth they they don't even nod toward it
just nope nothing like that
exists so apparently it's being
disbanded but uh only because it's just
so obviously a corrupt organization that
was intent on controlling politics in
the country through a bunch of hoaxes
and so it's important to know
the
players anytime you see Brenan and
Clapper working together it's an OP it's
not
anytime you see shiff swell or Rasin
defending a thing it's not true they
send specific people out for specific
kinds of things if the Democrats just
have a good point let's say they say oh
we Democrats have a better plan for
healthc care who do they send out to
talk about it normal people they send
their normal Democrats a senator House
of Representatives and then that Norm
normal person will say all right this is
our preferences and here's our argument
you might not agree with it but there's
nothing crazy about it they send normal
people when it's just a normal argument
when they have to tell you something
that's absolutely not true they send
Rasin
swell Schiff Brenan and Clapper it's the
same guys if you don't recognize
them you don't know what's going on you
can know for sure something is not true
because these ones are involved in it
and even one of them and and if they
bring out the worse than Watergate guys
that's a confirmation right the worst
than water
guys don't exist for any purpose other
than telling you that what is obvious
and true isn't real and true it's their
only purpose at this
point all right so that's
real
um so here are the two movies that have
developed thanks to the fact that
nothing is true in the news uh if you're
a Democrat you're being told that Biden
has reclaimed the lead and that the um
the lawfare against Trump was totally
successful which they would call Trump
breaking the
law so that's what they believe if you
are on the other side you hear
continuously that Trump is leading in
all the six key States and and he's tied
even in blue Minnesota
so that he's got a dominant lead that
could almost impossible to overcome and
he's got a lock on
it um but the Democrats would tell you
that the economy is great employment is
amazing um inflation is down and the
country is on the
menend uh if you're a republican you've
heard that the uh everything's bad and
they're measuring it incorrectly they're
looking at the pandemic as if it was a
normal year as if it were
and uh basically it's complete
and that everything's falling apart and
our debt is going to kill
us
um so there's your two different worlds
in one world Biden's economy is great
and that's why he's the heading the
polls and in the other world the economy
is terrible and that's why Trump is
definitely going to win because he's add
in the key states which one of those is
true
well Reed Hoffman weighed in on uh to
counter David Sachs now Reed Hoffman is
the one of the biggest donors in for the
Democrats but I also think he's one of
the more persuasive people because he's
actually smart and he's smart
specifically in how people think right
he's really good on the psychology part
and always has been now what's
interesting is that he worked with saxs
and Elon Etc in the PayPal startup and
many of them went on to do great things
but now they differ so we know David
Sax's argument for Trump it's the
standard argument for Trump pretty
pretty obvious stuff but uh Reed Hoffman
had to do a point BYO takedown very long
thread on Ax about why sax was all wrong
and here's your clue as to whether he's
attempting to tell the
truth he made no distinction between the
pandemic and normal business in other
words he tried right away to sell the
fact that uh jobs went down under Trump
during the
pandemic and then they went up under
Biden after the pandemic and tried to
sell that as Biden doing good work
because that's why employment's
better now anybody with even the tiniest
understanding of anything knows that all
that happened was the pandemic took jobs
away and then when it was over jobs came
back now that's pretty far from saying
that Biden is the job president and if
you could even have the guts to try to
sell that to the public you
don't have to read the rest of what he
wrote because it was equally stupid now
is he stupid no he's brilliant so why
would a brilliant person write something
stupid because it's
persuasive yeah so I would say that you
can
um you you can see the best argument
from their best person is ridiculous I
mean it just falls apart on the first
moment it just dissolves in in the
daylight well uh Trump appeared um by
video on the all-in Pod you know those
are the uh four famous entrepreneur
investor types that uh they're not all
pro Trump but they're all good friends
and they had them on there and here are
some of the things that he talked about
that made news um so he talked about row
verse Wade and did a good job of it
because the way Trump frames it is uh
everybody wanted me to kick it to the
states that's not exactly true but
sounds good when he says it um and so I
did so he's doing a really good job of
saying this is now up to the States you
shouldn't even be talking to me about it
because it's not about me anymore he
said he would you know obviously
wouldn't be in favor of a uh not
obviously but he said he wouldn't be in
favor of a national ban because that
would defeat the purpose of having given
it to the the
states so I'm sure that that's what they
want to hear on the other side they want
to hear that there's not going to be any
national ban on
abortion uh and that the states can
decide I I would have gone just a little
bit further persuasion wise and I would
have said
this I think there's one thing everybody
in the country should should agree
on that I should not be involved in your
decisions about
abortion can we agree on that because I
think I should not be involved as
president I think that goes to the
states so if if the Democrats think that
they don't want Trump involved in in
abortion decisions that's what I gave
you I gave you taking me out of the
decisions I gave it to the States now
you guys work it out I think that would
be a little bit
stronger because they do want him
uninvolved and he's going I'm not going
to do a national ban I'm going to
be that's really good that's really good
um Trump uh suggested that he'd be in
favor of giving green cards to foreign
students who graduate from colleges in
the United States and have developed
skills and otherwise have been vetted to
not be
criminals I like that idea now I heard
some push back that it would turn the
colleges into uh immigration
Mills well not if they're vetted
as long as they come in and they're
vetted to not have you know let's say
associations with the you know
intelligence agencies and stuff like
that um why wouldn't we put them at the
top of the list the the whole thing
about immigration is that Republicans
want immigration too they just want to
get all the qualified people first so
this is exactly that basically Trump
would take the government out of the
business of deciding who could come into
the country with Merit and the colleges
would work it out so if the college
gives you a degree they've certified
that you have Merit and you could add
something to the to the country now it
might not be every major in every
College you know there might be some
tweaking there I like it because we
don't have we don't have aured we don't
have too many workers at the high end
especially and it's they're not going to
be so many of them that it will change
the nature of the country right away it
will just make us smarter so right now
we're educating these people in our
great colleges and then they just take
it home and they start a startup in
another country that should be our
startup that makes perfect sense to
me I know there's going to be some push
back on that but I like it now it's all
in the details right that's the sort of
thing you could Implement poorly and
then the colleges just become a way to
buy your way into the United States or
it could be done well and they get legit
imate degrees and if they have a stem
degree or something
useful stay here and make your money in
America
please all right um let's see what else
uh Trump says he will not put American
boots on the ground in Ukraine because
unlike Europe we've got this big Ocean
between us and Russia we don't need to
be fighting them in Europe that's
Europe's business and he says if France
does it that's up to France but that
would be that would be their business
not ours that is the answer I want to
hear
um and also Trump says that the uh the
push to expand NATO is the main cause of
the war but here's the thing that I
enjoyed the most do you know how you
love it when anybody agrees with you
yeah it feels good right anytime you say
something and you're out there alone and
then somebody agrees with you I made the
worst prediction of all my predictions
involving the start of the Ukraine war
if you remember I said that even when
Putin put his forces on the border of
Ukraine and had every look of an
invasion I said in public many times
completely
incorrectly there's no way he's going to
invade it's just negotiating he he's
trying to push for his best deal but
invading would be crazy it would just be
suicide so he's not going to do it and
then I was as wrong as you could be
wrong you can't be wronger than that you
know it's impossible possible to be more
wrong then he won't attack and then he
you know destroys the entire country of
Ukraine so I can't be more wrong than
that however when Trump was on the
all-in Pod one of the things he said
just a throwaway he said that when he
when Putin massed his forces On the
Border he thought it was a negotiating
Ploy so even Trump said I didn't think
he was going to do
it now he also said that he wouldn't
have done any of it if if Trump had been
president and I think that's true he has
an argument for why that wouldn't have
happened because he wouldn't have been
as threatening and he would have dealt
with them and blah blah
blah but it's nice to know that the
worst prediction I ever made that is
just a bluff Trump had thoughts in the
same direction and he's good at knowing
Bluffs so I got fooled I'm 100% wrong
but somebody that I would respect for
that type of decision
he was fooled too so I got that working
for me all
right I guess that's the weakest win
I've ever had it's still a loss because
I got it wrong but context all right um
here's what Elie said uh so the Allin
pod guys asked him if he would release
the JFK files and why he didn't already
do
it and his story his answer is
fascinating he said he was planning to
do it but he only released some of it
not all of it and it's because people
that he very much trusted and respected
came to him and said don't do
it now why would they do that now I do
believe him when he says that it's
people who are high credibility because
otherwise he would have done it right
but imagine getting talked down of
that how how credible would somebody
have to be to talk you out of releasing
those files that are 100 years old or
what whatever they 60
years I can't even think of like how bad
they would be or how credible somebody
would have to be to talk you out of
releasing them but he says this time he
will release them because he thinks the
transparency is more important than
whatever it is they wanted to keep
secret but then he was asked directly do
you think the CIA did it because one
assumes that that would be the thing
we'd learn
if the CIA did
it and here's what Trump
says he he said uh he thinks the CIA
probably did
it he said that out
loud he thinks the CIA probably did it
now keep in mind he's seen the
files do you think that he would say out
loud that he thinks the CIA probably did
it if if that were not in the
files I feel like he just told us that
that's the thing they're see they're
hiding is that it says clearly the CIA
did it what else could it
be what else could it be I can't think
of anything else it could
be except that I mean you talk about
dropping a Hint it if the documents had
nothing about the CIA do you think he
would have said yeah I think they
probably did
it that doesn't seem like something you
would say if you'd seen the files and he
has and it had nothing about the CIA
doing it you wouldn't drop that in
there I I think he's dropping it in
there so that when you do see the files
you can say
ah he was
accurate anyway um what
else so the other uh interesting thing
is I saw one Observer it's just one
person so it's anecdotal who said that
the interview
um made Trump look less
chaotic and more like a normal person
and it made him completely change his
opinion of trump as a candidate so there
was a anti-trumper who watched that
podcast saw Trump looking like a normal
person having a normal
conversation and knowing his
material and this person who had been
told that he's a Chaos Agent Nazi and
all that that it didn't make sense
anymore and even even the podcast guys
were saying that when you have a direct
when you have a direct encounter with
Trump it's impossible to walk away
thinking he's the crazy guy you know I
had that experience he's completely
normal he's he's as normal as you can be
except he's Trump right there's nothing
normal about Trump his personality but
he's a a human person right he's not
some that you walk in behind closed
doors it's a whole different story or
anything like
that so remember I've been telling you
that whoever is advising Trump and I
always like to say it's it's still
Trump's um still Trump's credit because
he has to pick the advisers and say what
he agrees with but whoever is advising
him is
great let me just say whoever's behind
the scenes there cuz you know he's not
making every decision just independently
he's getting lots of advice and then
he's picking the good advice as
always somebody is advising him to take
the edge off the scary
part and this was it when he appears
just talking to normal people who are
also very smart and they just talk about
some smart stuff and he's not in his you
know Attack
Mode he is completely disarming and and
anything you thought about him being
Hitler or any that it just you can't
really hold it in your head if you're
watching him in in action so what the
Allin podcast did that I think is great
is they humanized him like I've never
seen now I don't know if it's because
the individuals involved or the way they
approached it I don't know if they if
it's because he hung out with a couple
of them at his fundraiser and he got to
know him and like them so it was more
comfortable I don't
know but whatever it was whatever magic
they brought to
it he he humanized him like just an
ordinary person who knows more than you
do and
uh I don't know how many people will
watch it but if they did I think it
would move the needle I think it would
change
Minds Scott you are often wrong
yes so
do do you have anything useful to
say so when I claim that my predictions
are the best in the world people counter
it by telling me what I got wrong and my
response is yes but what's your
point have I ever claimed they're all
right you're not even on the same topic
my topic is a better rate than other
people if you point out what I got wrong
you're not even in the right
conversation
all
right
um speaking of uh project Veritas as you
know O'Keefe is now independent with his
o'keef Media Group and they got a uh
Disney person on secret video senior
vice president of VP saying that uh that
somebody told him in direct words
there's no way we're hiring a white
male there's no way we're hiring a white
male in direct words
from Disney
Insider now you knew that of course but
uh venture capitalist sha Maguire who
famously has become prot Trump lately
and um that's kind of a big shift from
him for being a Democrat I suppose and
he weighs in on this point about Disney
saying no way we're hiring a white male
he says this has been happening at
basically every big company and most
investment firms since around 2017 most
are afraid to speak about it but if we
don't speak up it's our permanent
future and I had to I had to correct
Sean who says it started since
2017 are you kidding me it
started in the 80s that's why I'm a
cartoonist because the big bank I worked
at told me directly I can't promote you
because you're white and male so I quit
and went to work for the phone company
and once I got on there FastTrack to
management one day they called me in and
said we can't promote you because you're
white and male and so I became a
cartoonist so I didn't have a boss who
wouldn't do that to me that was the
80s and it was
Universal there were no companies in San
Francisco that were not doing it every
big company in the 80s Sean how could
you live all that time I mean he wasn't
around then but how could you think this
happened in
2017 now it could be that that the Bay
Area was way ahead and what Sean's point
is that it became Universal in 2017
which I would agree with around 2017 it
became Universal but I would argue the
following the main thing that changed is
that they had official Dei groups and
had a name called Dei but they've been
doing it since the 80s in direct terms
we will not hire you we will not promote
you because you are white and male
directly see that's important that
nobody believes unless they're a white
male who live through
it let let me ask in the comments
there's somebody here I'm sure who says
you're exaggerating a little bit aren't
you for all my older guys older white
guys in the comments can you show the
rest of the people that this is a
universal phenomenon and that you either
know somebody who had it or you
experienced it yourself go tell me that
it's true that since the 80s a white man
is absolutely grossly discriminated in
in all major
companies and it's really never been
another way since the ' 80s look at the
comments it's not me making this up
there are approximately 50 million U
Witnesses yeah just look at the comments
and you can
see all right there's a report that uh
New York Post is reporting that Biden
apparently had some kind of cancer
charity thing and in
2017 uh they spent Millions on the
cancer charity and every bit of it went
to pay the
staffers and then they wound it
down the group's president said the
charity simply ran into problems because
Biden had to focus on the presidential
duties
so what are you thinking about uh
oh God is that can you hear the can you
hear the leaf blower that just started
right outside my
window can you hear
that it's going to start up again all
right
anyway makes
a all right let me close this window
all right that didn't help at
all
um commissioner Carr at the
FCC uh points out I think I mentioned
this that the Biden Administration put
$43 billion do into de delivering
high-speed internet to Rural America and
so far uh the 42 billion since 2021
they've delivered um no
nothing zero people have been given
extra access for 43 billion and three
years um is not connected even one
person now you might ask yourself why
well it has something to do with I don't
know endangered species in the
environment and uh not enough
Dei uh employees to hire basically they
found a way to make it impossible to do
anything with their own
regulations
and um at the same time they were doing
that starlink came out with their little
portable unit that's like a laptop that
can connect you to starlink wherever you
are can you explain to me why the
government didn't simply say all right
here's some subsidies why don't you just
sign up for
starlock wouldn't that have
been by far the fastest and cheapest
thing to
do by far but that would require writing
a gigantic check to Elon Musk so they
can't do it what do you think uh what do
you think Trump should do well here's
what Trump should do he should come in
and if they haven't spent any of this
money yet and they probably won't he
should cancel the whole thing and say
hey Elon for $1
billion uh can you keep these can you
keep rural America connected to the
internet for let's say the next four
years and then Elan would say
sure and then you write a check and you
say I just saved you $42 billion America
and it would be true it would be
true now this is the other thing that it
seems so trump-like
he he's willing to do the easy smart
thing so now now he's Pro crypto by the
way which is smart um and I think he's
Pro crypto in part because the Allin pod
people and others are pro crypto and
he's now influenced by them and you know
musk is pro crypto and but the people he
thinks are the smartest pretty much all
pro crypto V Pro crypto JD Vance I'm
sure he's pro pro crypto just because
he's
smart all right Attorney General Andrew
Bailey of uh which state is that I
forget uh will be filing against the
state of New York for their uh attacking
the Democratic process uh through their
unconstitutional lawfare against Trump
so isn't it interesting that an attorney
general from one state will be suing the
state of New York for denying their
state a fair constitutional
process I feel like everybody can just
Sue everybody now well this is new uh
yes a great um Andrew Bailey is General
uh Attorney General of uh
Missouri and he's a very
activist kind of Attorney General so
this isn't the first good thing he's
done but uh this is what we need we need
uh we need lawfare against lawfare
because otherwise what are you going to
do if there's no response to the law
fair there'll just be more law fair so
as much as I hate lawfare um if
somebody's attacking you you have to
respond and I'm glad that there one
person willing to step up and do it so
good job Attorney General Andrew Bailey
if you hear that name again running for
higher office just remember he did did
some good stuff for you
now Thailand has applied to join the
bricks that's the anti- United States
group of countries that trade with each
other and have their own currency
situation
Etc so I I feel like this is maybe the
biggest
disaster that uh Biden has
caused I mean I do feel
like Putin might have enough game to
organize enough of the world against the
United States that we might be really
screwed you know because the longer it
goes the longer Putin has to work the
other countries and say look how bad
they are we need to stick together they
keep colonizing us and trying to conquer
us and he's got a good argument so I
think the bricks thing is going to keep
growing well meanwhile uh Biden has
escaped he'll be go he'll be off in Camp
David for a full
week as the RNC uh account says heavily
doped up now he's supposed to be
preparing for the
debate but I think that uh we all
understand I think we all understand
that the real thing is he he just can't
be seen in public and he's too tired and
dead and now uh I think it's funny that
Trump was asked how he's preparing for
the debate and he said he isn't he's
just going to wing it do you believe
that do you believe that Trump is not
preparing for the debate and he's just
going to wing it no but it's a very
smart thing to say isn't it because if
he does well it's going to look like oh
my God he just walked up there and
nailed it if he doesn't do well people
are going to say well he should have
prepared
better and then they look at the next
one and say well he'll prepare next one
will be different he'll prepare
differently so I think it's funny that
he says he's not preparing when you know
he is if I had to guess the way he's
preparing is something like um hey V
join for join me for
dinner and then you know ask me some
tough questions while we're having our
dessert it's probably something like
that where he's just sort of polling
everybody all the time you know what do
you think they're going to ask what do
you think the questions will be just to
make sure he's ready so I think he's not
doing a formal debate prep maybe maybe
not but I think he's probably always
involved in it you know just talking to
his advisers in a normal way all the
time well van Jones on CNN the other day
said that the debate would be the whole
election packed into one night which was
a great a great way to frame that I
really enjoyed that um just the way he
framed it because he said that if uh
Biden does manage to stand up for you
know the the wild man Trump uh for two
hours which everybody acknowledges would
be tough because he's a you know
bombastic tough
debater um that that would show that he
can do the job uh but if he doesn't do
well that that's the end now others
weren't sure that that's the end I'm not
sure that would be the end either but I
do I do agree that more than any other
time it is close to being like the whole
election in one night certainly if he
collapses you know either mentally or
physically if he collapses Biden that
would be the end of the
campaign um but my best guess my
prediction is he will um he will do
poorly
but he will still be alive at the end
and no matter how poorly he does the
other the Democrats will say well as you
can see with your own eyes he handily
won that
debate and you'll say well I watched the
debate and no he didn't he he looked
like a daughtering old man who didn't
even know where he was or what day it
was and they'll say no he wanted to
debate he did great he totally
embarrassed Trump had all command of all
the facts and was completely in control
of his faculties and you'll say but but
I watched it too and it looked very much
like the opposite of that I saw an old
man disintegrating right in front of me
full of dementia and they'll
say no you
didn't and that will
work because they only have to convince
their own people
all right uh here's a suggestion from
Mae uh which is a Anonymous account on X
and a good follow by the way m a z uh a
lot of good stuff on that account and He
suggests uh this is what Trump should do
before the debate I'm not sure I'm going
to agree with it but I like I like the
thinking and the thinking is that the
Republicans should create a uh hoax
debunking website
so that when all the hoaxes come up and
you know they will you the fine people
hoax the drinking bleach hoax the
Insurrection hoax all the others that
Trump can make a reference to them as
hoaxes um and you know dismiss them but
also tell the audience if you want to
know why it's a hoax go to my website
you know Biden's hoaxes or whatever they
name it during the debate so that every
time a hoax comes up he doesn't waste
any time talking about it he just says
your entire campaign is based on hoaxes
we had to build a whole website because
there are so many of them you did the
the Russian clusia hoax the fine people
hoax the drinking bleach you'll probably
won't do the drinking bleach hoax but
the laptop hoax and the public thinks
that somehow they know what's going on
but it's a complete hoax ocracy so go to
this website I don't think they'll do
it but I do think that that de debunking
the fine people hoax it is the tent pole
hoax it is the
hoax that allows you to see that all the
other ones are hoaxes if you believe
that one's true you become immediately
blind to all the other ones also being
hoaxes but the moment you realize that
you are hoax that badly just by them
cutting off the
clarifier that's when everything opens
up it's all about the find people hoax
if Trump doesn't directly either by
pointing to a website or something else
take on the fine people
hoax I'm going to be so
disappointed like that that to me would
indicate he does not have good advisors
and I was wrong the whole time if his
advisers are as good as I think and so
far they seem really good they're going
to say you have to kill the tent pole
hoax and then he goes down Trump Biden
will crumple
He he'll just crumple like a bunch of
leaves I couldn't think of things that
crumple
um you got to take him out in his main
Campaign theme and I also think that the
the Gutfeld to frame on that which is
the hoax wasn't just like other hoaxes
The hoax divided the nation may have
changed who won the election and by
doing that created a war
inflation and an open borders
You could argue that that one hoax has
the risk of destroying the entire United
States that's how up they are
that they would be willing to to try
that just you know just to get rid of
trump Nicole Shanahan as you know the VP
choice for RFK Jr who by the way did not
make it onto the debate stage RFK Jr so
he's raising money off of that and uh as
Nicole says uh I've never met a party
that hates democracy more than the
current leadership within the Democratic
party these are
lifelong Democrats RFK Jr Nicole shanan
major donor in the past to
Democrats they're telling you that the
Democrats hate
democracy and they've got the receipts
because they're being kept off of the
ballots so they're actually denying
debates and and primaries and all the
other stuff
and
um yeah the they're right they do
they're doing everything they can to
deny and I think they're against the
lawfare of trump as well so if you've
got people who are lifelong Democrats
who say I mean you're not even in favor
of democracy at this point that's a
pretty big distance it's one thing to
say well I like the I like the policies
over here a little bit better so this
time I'm going to shift over no no
they're saying you actually have lost it
on the plot you know democracy in the in
the form of the
Republic all right here's another story
I call it know your
brainwashers
um so MSNBC had Lisa Rubin on to say
that when Trump says that the Biden's
Department of Justice was pulling the
strings on da Elvin Bragg to get Alvin
Bragg to prosecute Trump that that is
dangerously and perniciously
racist did you know it was racist to
assume that uh the Biden Administration
was coordinating with a local attorney
general what what makes that the racist
part was it the fact that there happened
to be a black person
involved is that why does that make it
racist how about
this how about it's pretty obvious that
Soros was funding black and largely
female Das because he knew that racism
would work in his favor and that they
would go after Trump supporters and
Trump that seems to me obviously
racist you can't get more racist than
George Soros if he's literally using
race as the primary requirement of who
he's funding and obviously he was
obviously we don't even have to debate
that I don't think
So Lisa Rubin is one of the main
brainwashers so when you see her you can
just assume it's the opposite all right
some of you saw I had some exchange with
uh Michael Ian
Black uh
comedian slw writer actor I'm not sure
exactly how he characterizes his career
at the moment but a well-known anti-
Trumper you'll see him on the xplatform
he been there a
while and uh I said in the post that um
it's hard to some version of it's hard
to debate with people who still think
the news is real he rejected being quite
sure that the news he's watching must be
real and that maybe Fox News is fake but
the other news is real and so he
challenged me on it and of course he did
the the thing that people were not
serious people do which act act like
it's an
absolute uh but he did ask a good
question
so how do you know what's
true if you don't believe the news that
is a good question and I think that's an
honest question that's like a legitimate
question and and it also suggests that
maybe there's an
opening um but then I looked at his
other comments that I hadn't seen yet
and I thought oh maybe not I I uh
connected to him on
X and he connected back so and I offered
to uh interview him and he said yes
maybe next week so I'll look into doing
that but here's what I want to do I
think it's a waste of time for he and I
to figure out you know which of the
things in the news are true and which
are false because I can tell you how
that conversation will
go just off the rails I'll say this
happened he'll say no it didn't he'll
say can you prove it and I'll say well
I'm interviewing you right now
so I can't really go look up some
documents and show them to you and if I
did you'd say I don't believe that
source so the really isn't any way to
get from here to there if you're trying
to change somebody's
mind but I thought it would be more
interesting instead of trying to change
his mind to Simply describe the tools
that I use and the ones that I've been
teaching you for several years about how
to determine what's true and what's not
and let me give you an example what the
one that I think is the the alpha BS
detector is the Scott Alexander rule I
call it that because that's where I
heard it first Scott Alexander is not a
real person uh that's a uh fake name for
a blogger who wanted to be un Anonymous
but was really good uh at framing things
and explaining things and you know
taking having a new take on things so he
became Scott Alexander again that's a
pen name uh became quite well known
among smart people who looked for other
smart people and one of the things that
he taught me is that one of the ways you
can detect fake news is that it's
Sensational and and it's OB it's weird
that that's it's it's only obvious after
it's explained to you let me explain if
the news said uh A dog bit a man you'd
say well that's something ordinary dogs
beat people so you'd think probably true
but it also wouldn't be in the news do
you know why because it's ordinary so
it's not news so you're never going to
see a story that is a dog bit a person
because it's ordinary but suppose a
person b a dog number one that would be
news but what's number two number two is
it didn't happen you can almost be sure
let's say I I'm going to put some odds
on it only one thing out of 20 that's
that sensational will end up being true
let me give you an example suppose
somebody said to you that the sitting
president of the United States had
praised neo-nazis in public
intentionally what would you say to
that you'd say oh my God not in the real
world that's that's so Sensational I
mean in a bad way it's Sensational
that's incredible bad that's that's
that's blowing my mind my my mind is
coming completely
off and but you you should have known
without doing any research you should
have known that was false
why because that's the dog biting a man
and that never happens but it does get
in the news as fake news so once you
learn that every time something that
sounds like that is a maybe one in 20
chance of being true your working
assumption should be no that didn't
happen and we'll find out why let me
give you another
one the president of the United States
once suggested drinking
bleach you don't need to research that
people did but you don't need to of
course it didn't happen and then people
say no no they said bleach but what they
meant is liquid
disinfectant no he didn't you know how
you know he didn't say that because
nobody would nobody anywhere ever in the
country in all time not Trump not
anybody no that's a dog biting that's
man biting a dog
it's never
happened and of course it didn't here's
another one the
commander-in-chief who is the most
respectful to to Veterans of any
president probably
Trump uh once said in private while
military people were in the room that uh
some people in the military were were
suckers for joining the
military now if that happened that would
be the most like incredible mind-blowing
Sensational story of all time but it
didn't
happen you know it didn't
happen just just by looking at
it how about he tried to choke the
driver of the Beast he leaned over and
tried to choke
him no you don't have to research that
you can just listen to it and go okay
that didn't happen that didn't happen
and sure enough you'd be right
now the trick of course is that every
now and then something absurd does
happen we live in a world where weird
things happen but your first impression
should be I deny this unless you've got
extraordinary
proof let me give you another one these
all sound the
same Russia developed a secret Sonic
weapon and they've declared war on the
United States by using the weapon on
American citizens and Embassy
because you understand that would be an
act of War right an act of
War when I heard it I said no first of
all there's probably no such weapon and
if there is the last thing the Russians
are going to do is start blasting our
Embassy
people that would be the dumbest thing
they could ever do no no so I alone when
the entire news told you that was true
said no that's man bit dog you can bet
on that one not being true and of course
there's no evidence of it when a
whistleblower says I haven't seen them
myself but I have it on good authority
that we have a warehouse with 12 UFOs in
it and bodies
too
no no it's the Scott Alexander rule it
works it doesn't work every time but
it's going to work 19 out of 20 so
you're starting play should be no we
don't have a warehouse full of UFOs you
will never get
confirmation that there's a warehouse
full of UFOs I guarantee it guarantee
it all right so can you think of
anything else like
that every time you hear a story that
has that same feel and sound to it
everyone I can think of has been false
now the ones that I get wrong like uh
Russia I thought they wouldn't actually
attack
Ukraine both options are within the
normal realm of human
observation sometimes people don't
attack in their bluffing sometimes
people do
attack so that that wouldn't would not
be anything that this Scott Alexander
rule could give you any anything
about but when you see The Crazy
Ones yes they're crazy when you see that
Trump want wanted how about the
insurrection
hoax that a bunch of Republicans with no
guns thought they were going to overtake
the country by trespassing and stealing
elector I'm exaggerating a little bit
but basically that or that Trump with no
support whatsoever from the military or
congress could have stayed in office
through some clever paperwork Maneuvers
and some fake electors no no that was
never any possibility
it was never even a little possibility
it was exactly what it looked like it
was people protesting because they were
angry and thought the election was
unfair and he was trying to maintain his
legal rights to challenge by doing
things that make it a little more likely
you can preserve your rights which is
having an alternate slate of lectors But
ultimately it would have just gone to
some court and it would have been taken
care
of so if you don't know if you don't
know this Scott Alexander rule you're
really just helpless it's the most
useful rule because uh since the news is
all clickbaity and they want
sensationalism sensationalism will
always make it into the news but as soon
as you see it you should say nah 19 and
of 20 that's not
true but pay
attention all right
I'm not going to list another one that I
have in mind because you're going to say
it's
true a I'm going to do it
anyway this one just to make you mad
when you heard that uh Elite athletes
were dropping dead like crazy in
professional
sports and yet nobody was making a big
deal about it the professional sports
themselves were acting like it wasn't
happening that's a Scott
Alexander there wasn't really much
chance that people were dropping like
flies during you know competitive
matches at a greater rate than before
and that the people in charge were just
sort of not mentioning
it now here's where I get in trouble I'm
not saying the vaccinations were safe
I'm not saying that from day one we all
knew that there was a risk of the
vaccinations so even if they did exactly
what they said they would do there
should have been a bunch of people dying
because billions of people got it so I'm
not defending the
vaccination I'm simply saying that when
you heard that story just that specific
thing about the athletes dropping debt
all over the place you should have said
to
yourself and the and the the sport
itself is not
complaining you know the the NFL is not
complaining nobody's
complaining there there was something
about that story that you shouldn't have
believed from the
start now there are other things that
you say to yourself that seems too
unlikely I'll give you an example let's
say they um let's say somebody accuses
fouchy of lying about things knowing
that it would cause millions of deaths
but that he would be a hero and he would
make some
money is that a is that something that's
so far out of the norm that you say whoa
whoa whoa you know from the
jump there's no way that somebody who's
worked for the government in healthc
care all his life would lie to you
consistently to make money and to be a
star no that's actually normal
behavior so the the hard part is to
determine what's normal people doing
terrible things and justifying it in
their own mind that happens to be also
where their economic interests are
that's normal so if you hear a story
where gold bar Bob oh well here's a
perfect one there's a senator who took
so many uh bribes that he had a jacket
that he sewed gold bars
into now the first time you heard that
didn't that sound like okay that's
that's way out there but it's well
within the normal behavior that you've
observed in other places where people
take and hide money so that's not really
a that's not really a human biting a dog
situation it's more normal than you
think all right
I knew somebody'd be arguing me about
these sudden deaths you're going to have
to give up on
that by now by now we'd know it was
true all right
um turns out the left aren't the only
ones who can't handle people who
don't that's
true uh like
I'm just looking at some of your
comments uh you think you're just on it
but you
think but San is
[Music]
mythological okay we're talking about
whether Satan's real
now
um sad suddenly athlete death yeah
how about the NH and funding function
and killed Millions yeah the the idea
that National Institute of Health or any
other healthc care funding gain of
function to me that seems normal to me
that just seems like a bad decision but
bad decisions are pretty
normal all right that's all I got for
you today I'm going to go talk to the
the uh locals people privately so if
you're on YouTube or Rumble orx thanks
for joining and I'll see you tomorrow
same time same place locals here I come
privately
in
five
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e