doo-doo-doo hey everybody come on in
it's time to celebrate the release of
the three Americans who are held by
North Korea they're all home now how
many of you stayed up to 2:00 a.m. or
whatever your time zone was to watch the
three get released I tried I tried to
stay up a little bit but that whole
staying wake thing didn't work out for
me so I'm catching it on video let me
tell you some of the things that
President Trump did right about this
whole release of the captives let's
let's rewind our memories do you
remember and I think I have these facts
right because it's been a while do you
remember the first time the president
Trump answered the question whether he
would be willing to meet with Kim
jong-un or own I guess it's a woman
right and remember people were shocked
and appalled that he said yes this was
before any of the good news has happened
we were we were in our worst state and
they said would you meet with him and he
said yes now I think that was important
because the entire situation always had
an escape path so there was always the
you know the hammer in this hand and the
you know the outstretched offer of a
handshake in the other hand and I always
talked about the importance of contrasts
persuasion you don't just say we're
gonna do this to you and it's really bad
you also say about this this path over
here is looking really good big
difference big difference so I think
agreeing to meet before there were any
conditions turned out to be the right
strategy now I'm seeing some people
criticize the president because they had
to hold the summit before the before the
the captives were released but did you
see the way he played it he took the
negotiations right down to sort of the
final weeks in which case North Korea
was thinking ah finally
we've got a way out of this thing we can
we can have our summit maybe maybe
there's a way out and then the president
says and we'll have that meeting as soon
as we get our three captives which was
the better approach to say from the very
beginning no I'm not even going to
consider meeting with you until we have
our captives you know you've got to
release the prisoners or we're not even
gonna have a conversation cut off all
communication that approach not so good
Trump's approach is yeah sure I'd meet
with you under the right conditions they
get really close to the actual meeting
and then Trump says all right now it's
time to release those captives or that
meeting that you think is going to
happen in three weeks not gonna happen
it's too bad you got all excited about
it because we're so close just a few a
few captives that you don't care about
that we'll have that meeting so Trump
played it exactly the right way even
though he was criticized for doing it
exactly the wrong way when it started it
was always the right way then when he
brings the captives home it was frankly
brilliant political theater to do it at
2:00 a.m. now I think you know that the
President of the United States had the
option of meeting them as some other
time I mean it's not like they couldn't
have juggle thing and said oh they'll go
to the hospital first or or anything
like that you know he could have met
have been Alaska I suppose so there were
ways he could have met them not at 2:00
a.m. what was the very best thing he
could have done
meet them at 2:00 a.m. yeah because it
makes you think of Benghazi and that's
always popular with the with the base
but it also tells you that he'll stop at
nothing and that you know the the sort
of the rules are off and he's gonna he's
gonna do it his way and you know all
options are on the table it just it has
this big impact on how you just think
about the possibilities how you think
about Trump and you think about how far
he'll go how much he cares yeah all that
stuff so but it was political theater
done really well and you saw the you
know that the Air Force one you know
this great symbolism you saw the the
release prisoners by this by early this
morning the White House had produced a
really classy video montage with
inspirational music showing them
returning I mean they played it
perfectly you know every part of that
persuasion wise and politically was
really well done listen what's that
let's switch the topic over to Iran for
a moment you probably know that after
the after the United States pull down of
the Iran nuclear deal some fairly
ineffective missiles were fired and of
Syrian territory allegedly from Iranian
backed or Iranian forces this caused
they didn't do much damage or any this
caused Israel to make a massive
counter-attack at a variety of Iranian
forces the reporting is that it was soon
after and Nan Yahoo had met with Putin
and what does Putin said about these
massive attacks on Iranian forces in
Syria yesterday what what is Putin's
response to that chirp chirp chirp
what's the last thing that Putin wants
in Syria Iranians now I'm sure that
there was a sort of an uncomfortable
quasi alliance when the Iranians and the
Russians and the Syrians were all
fighting against Isis but Isis is kind
of not the problem it used to be so now
you've got these three powers that all
want to have you know the the most
control in Syria in my opinion Syria
just became a non Muslim country because
if Syria can't do what it wants without
Putin they're not really a Muslim I mean
they're a Muslim majority but they don't
have Muslim ownership anymore
Putin kind of runs Syria at least on the
big questions you know not the day to
day stuff and it seems to me that Israel
got the green light probably from the
United States probably from Putin to
take out Iran in Syria now for those of
you who are who like me you're just
trying to sort of catch up to the the
complexity of what's happening over in
the Middle East right now you know it's
there's a there are a lot of moving
parts and variables and players and
who's you know where is Hezbollah Hamas
and Isis and you know the rebels and all
this it's really confusing but one key
thing you need to know is some geography
I'll refer to my map here so I can speak
authoritative Lee but Israel is here and
then Iran is way over here and then
between them there's a lot of real
estate which is you know looks like
Jordan and Iraq all right so Iran is
geographically you know there's there's
a good deal of country in between now
that wouldn't stop a missile but that
that's good for defense Syria however
is right on the border with Israel so if
Iran gets enough purchase in Syria they
just sort of leave their forces that
were there for other to fight Isis they
beefed them up and suddenly Israel has
an Iranian military force right on their
border which they never had before is
there any scenario in which Israel will
allow that to happen well I think
yesterday was the answer that so if
you're talking about you know gosh what
would happen if war broke out between
Israel and Iran we're in it
war war just broke out and Iran Iran
apparently we haven't seen their
response to Israel's response but they
might just back down because I don't
know that they have the resources or the
will to defend Syria if Putin gives
Israel the green light to just start
mopping up the Iranian positions now
because the Iranians are not at least in
Syria they're not a you know a nimble
terrorist force with no you know army
facilities that could hide easily I
think it's probably true that the
Iranian presence in Syria has physical
stuff you know like like military
equipment and buildings and you know
ammo dumps and stuff like that so there
is there is a ton of stuff that Israel
will see as targets and I would expect
that they'll they will just mop up all
the Iranian presence in Syria over time
so this is also let's also talk about
Khomeini's and by and by the way for
those those of you who are new to this
periscope or new to me and are hearing
me talk in a very uninformed way about
the Middle East I'm on sort of a journey
to get from not really understanding
anything about the region to at least
sort of understanding it as
as a non-expert ken so I'm trying to
come up to speed so bear with me as I
get facts wrong and I'm missing
important elements and stuff well we'll
try to get there over time so everything
I say should be a preliminary opinion
and to that I believe it's time to take
a simultaneous sip this time I gave you
a little warning by now you have your
coffee and it's time for the sip
now let's talk about how many am i
pronouncing that right
so leader of Iran now I wish that I had
thought of this following nickname so
somebody I don't know on Twitter came up
with this maybe first I don't know but
if you heard any funny nicknames for
come any Kamini Kamini
come Amy okay so somebody on Twitter
yeah referred to him as little rocket
mullah little rocket mullah okay that is
funny
little rocket mullah now I don't know
who came up with that but whoever was
the first one who said little rocket
mullah that's a you know
that's or whoever that was whoever that
was because I spent I spent a little
time well quite a bit of time yesterday
thinking all right I can come up with a
clever nickname this is what I do for a
living I'm clever for a living I'm a
professional humorist I got a little a
lot of experience a little racket and
then I saw a little rocket mullet I'm
like that should have been mine anyway
let's let me see if I can find
Khomeini's tweet real quick here quick
quick I hate looking up stuff while
we're live there he is about it so oh
he's got a lot to say holy cow
okay all right so commander used to got
a few things to say but here's the
interesting one this is one day ago says
US presidents shallow and ludicrous
behavior wasn't unexpected the same
behavior existed in previous US
presidents yet Iranian nation is
persistent while former US presidents
passed away and IRI is still standing
this man's corpse will also be worm food
while IRI
stand strong now this probably reminded
you of course it reminded everybody
Ramola
somebody said Robert mullah as as a
Muller this reminded people of the
twitter exchanges between kim jong-un
and the president prior to things
turning good
and so I joked but not joking on Twitter
that it looks like there's an opening
but I say it jokingly because it reminds
us of North Korea but not jokingly all
right
I'm not entirely convinced that this
isn't an actual opening now of course
it's way too early to know but let me
let me tell you what I'm looking at in
this Khomeini tanks because you have to
read between the lines a little bit what
is it that it doesn't say right because
that's always important the things he
doesn't say he doesn't say death to
America he doesn't say he hates America
he doesn't say he's the people that's
all smart right he's saying it's about
the president and the president will
will pass now of course what's wrong
with this is that he's saying hey this
is just another president like every
other president they'll just pass but is
this president like the other presidents
I don't know if he's exactly like the
other presidents you might have some
surprises coming here yeah so he uses
the worm food and you know it's
interesting that the worm food is not
exactly an insult to the president it's
just saying that he would be dead
someday but he does call him shallow and
ludicrous shallow and ludicrous so I
would not expect President Trump to
respond to come any you know with a with
a personal insult he might he might and
he I'm sure he could get away with it
but it feels like you would just be a
little derivative it's like well that's
what I did last time
and there might be a little early in the
process to do that but it would be very
interesting if they started talking if
you will on Twitter or yeah let's call
it talking because I think that actually
means something when the two leaders are
are just making statements you know that
doesn't mean much but when they start
talking at each other it's at least
talking so this this this might actually
be sort of in its weird way
and invitation to talk because do we
think the Khomeini doesn't know that
when kim jeong-hoon did the same
technique that has started a
conversation does Khomeini come any not
know that I'm sure he does know that and
so he's doing the same play would he
expect a different response you you
would think he would expect the same
response right so if he does get the
same response they're sort of gonna be
talking now well I'm gonna jump around
if you a little bit talk about things
that just jump out as not being said on
TV one of them is that as we watch the
Iranian response we're getting a sense
of how strong or weak they are when we
talk about why all the reasons that
people are unhappy with Iran we talk
about all the the funding that they're
doing for various groups they're funding
this and funding that and supporting
this and they're there they're building
you know they have military that's
operating in Syria do you know what do
you know all that stuff costs that's
really expensive stuff and they have an
economy that didn't do well even with
the sanctions off and now the sanctions
or at least some of them will go back on
whatever the United States can control
my sense of things is that Iran's
resources and power and economy and
military are really stretched right now
so their ability to project is probably
lower than they would like you to think
which is probably why Israel doesn't
feel too much concern about just going
in and you know indiscriminately
essentially just attacking Iran but
doing it in Syria and
this is this is I think a sign that
they're pretty weak and that probably
they would have to negotiate now I'm
gonna write up in a blog post some
initial ideas of how an Iranian
comprehensive deal that involved more
than just Iran might work I'm hoping to
finish that up by next week just to put
some ideas into the universe about how
we could get there the the basic idea
that I I've teased already is that in
the in the in the quest to spread Islam
which if you assume that's what Iran
wants to do they want to spread their
ideology that the Internet is the is the
battlefield now and I think it would not
be that hard to convince them to join
the only battlefield that matters can
somebody do me give me a little history
lesson here I need some fact-checking
okay
give me some fact-checking when was the
last time in history that a let's say a
country with a standing military turned
Muslim because I think has probably
happened recently but can somebody tell
me give me the example when was the last
time that a country with a standing army
turned Muslim and so which one was the
most recent one France somebody say in
France somebody saying Turkey this year
well I suppose you could say that
because that was a political process
more than I mean that really was a it
wasn't a military conquest so turkey is
a good example isn't it so
so here's the point when was let me yeah
but my question was bad so erase the
question for a minute let me fix the
question when was the last time a
country became Muslim by military
conquest when the the country in
question had a standing army when was
the last time there was a military
Islamic conquest of a standing army so
Turkey was a military I'm sorry
Turkey was a political transition wasn't
it so maybe it was cool like but not a
military not exactly a military conquest
so Somalia did they have much of an army
Spain somebody saying yeah so here's
here's the point we may be at a point
where you could make the case that a
normal military just isn't the weapon
that spreads Islam anymore that the only
way to do that is through persuasion and
and that maybe we can just convince Iran
and Hamas and the Palestinians after a
peace deal I mean you still need some
kind of a real peace deal for the
Palestinians in particular but it does
seem to be that this could this war if
you want to call it that could be taken
to the Internet and the only reason to
take it there is because that's where
that's where persuasion works it's been
it's been a long time since there was a
a military Islamic conquest of a country
with a standing army somebody said that
Islam spreads mostly through trade well
that's another good argument for making
peace instead of making war if you
wanted to spread Islam best way to
spread it would be to trade right now
but I think that's more of a
cold truth because in the old days trade
men yet to go there as opposed to today
when you can just ship your goods
usually it's an army which takes over
yeah so we've seen we've seen where
Islam takes over from the inside with
sort of an internal transition of power
but I didn't see any authoritative
guesses on when was the last I am there
was a an Islamic military conquest of a
country with a standing army you know
not do you also know there are Shiites
and Sunnis yes I do but I appreciate
that you think I was dumb enough not to
know that somebody asked me if I knew
there were two kinds of Muslims yeah
I've noticed but it's funny there's
somebody else somebody says you sound
totally ignorant that's my point if
you're calling me ignorant about the
Middle East you're just you're just
you're mirroring what I just said
I said I'm ignorant about the Middle
East I'm trying collectively to bring up
our understanding mass migration is how
it spreads yeah so there are a lot of
ways of spreads
all right so here's my belief my belief
is that the Iranian situation and the
Middle East in particular is ripe for a
solution in a way that it has never been
right because I think that one of the
things that is proven beyond a doubt in
the Middle East is that the more the
moral you have and you know Islamic army
trying to conquer things the more you
get atheists in charge
I mean Putin has as much purchase as he
has because of the trouble over there
all right
I'm going to take off and do something
now somebody says do you feel a
responsibility to your followers not to
give them ignorant ideas I feel a
responsibility to present what I know
with that the confidence which I
understand so if I tell you I'm working
through this like the rest of you you
should understand that anything you hear
here is preliminary and subject to to
upgrade so you do get part of what this
these Paris group periscopes do is
you're always getting the first draft
right if this were a slick production at
six o'clock every night with
professional writers I would make sure
that everything I put on the air was as
fact checked as possible this is
presented as a first draft so I label it
as clearly as I can if that doesn't work
for you then certainly you should go
somewhere else
it is Israel atheist I don't know what
that means
all right so today have fun watching CNN
and its coverage of the return of the
three captives
I was watching Paul Begala yesterday on
CNN and I swear to god it's turned into
a comedy Network because watching them
try to explain why nothing good is
happening here is I receive it as comedy
it just looks funny to see them struggle
and so I think Begala said something
along the lines of you know alright you
know the things that have happened so
far the president can't take any credit
we can't be happy for it because all
they're doing is releasing some captives
that they didn't need to take you know
so it didn't it shouldn't have been a
problem in the first place
and I'm thinking what you know I'm
paraphrasing but what he said was as
dumb as that was like way but it was a
problem they actually were they were
actually captives and they did actually
get released so how'd he make that sound
bad and then he said that the the test
site that they promised to close had
collapsed to which I say it myself by
itself I mean we'll never know but and
and I say to myself they built the first
one they can't build another one I mean
it seems like if they want to do well
they could so to act as though literally
nothing has happened and that there's no
reason to have any optimism from this is
what I'm saying from CNN and it's just
head shaking and and and if everything
works out you know to the best that they
can it's going to be hilarious to watch
how the haters spin this and it's going
to turn into alright let me give you my
best guess of what the anti-trump errs
are going to say they're going to say he
just got lucky because North Korea
was ready to crumble at the same time
North Korea was ready to crumble just on
its own South Korea's moon was just the
right guy at the right time to put out a
hand of peace and and the the Koreans
pretty much worked it down on their own
and it might have been even better if we
weren't involved that's that's sort of
what's the story is going to be I would
suggest that the urgency to do this
certainly was increased by President
Trump isn't timing a big part of
persuasion it is and certainly if your
timing and your persuasion line up right
you get the best results and that that
looks like that what happened because
there was a timing issue that helped but
President Trump also made all the right
moves so it's hard to watch somebody
make all the right moves and then say
well it was still all just luck even
though you made all the right moves
[Music]
is Kanye a better persuader than Trump
no but someday he might be Trump's got a
lot of practice and Trump has a higher
risk profile so he can just go places
that other people can't go now
Kanye has a pretty high risk profile so
you know that's why I would call him a
master persuader
but Trump Siddhant he's in a league of
his own all right what else we got here
any Democrats with good persuasion well
I did call out recently Eric sois well
who I've never noted to have good
persuasion but he is his overreach to
want to ban all military-style
rifles I guess is really good persuasion
you can hate his policy idea but that's
sort of the point is that he he'd
defined the category and made it about
him and it was a good play now we'll see
if that's repeatable but let's just say
I have my eye on him to see if that was
an accident
you know he got you know or something
repeatable does all the denial of Trump
accomplishments hurt Democrats at the
midterms probably not no probably not
because people I think discount what one
party says about the other at least in
terms of you know the ordinary stuff
what about solar panels on new homes
yeah there's some kind of move to
require solar panels on new homes in
California I don't know any of the
details of that or if that's real yet I
would say economically that's probably
good for everybody it's good for the
homeowner good for the seller it
probably is just a good thing all the
men on here are jealous of me somebody
said well you should be at least at the
moment if you had to trade your life
with my entire life you wouldn't do it
trust me on that the for the first part
wasn't so hot if you had to trade your
life with mine right now that'd be a
pretty good trade things are going
pretty well right now I tweeted around
that there's a big story today the summe
osteoporosis drug I think it is they
found the side effect as that makes men
regrow their hair so bald men can regrow
a full head of hair now I don't know if
this is real it would be the millionth
time a story like this came out and then
then you find out there's a catch
there's always the same catch we found a
new pill that will make you regrow your
hair yes yes your penis will shrivel to
the size of a raisin and fall
off in a couple of weeks but your hair
haha lustrous so I think we gotta wait
on that now so very very interesting
question people have asked me they said
would you use it and the funny thing is
I've always gone my entire life thinking
well if there was ever some cure for
baldness I would definitely use that
thing well I'm not so sure anymore
because you first of all you get used to
your own look I don't know if I would
recognize myself with hair or if I'd
even like it and it would be so
inconvenient to have hair I pity the
hair full careful I'm here unless their
hair fall the full of hair people I pity
them because honestly do you know how
much time I have saved in my life by not
not dealing with this wait a bit
just moisturize all right I will talk to
all of you later let's keep watching the
Golden Age emerge watch often you hear
that phrase by the way it's coming
Golden Age is coming
bye for now