marus
doing not doing too well at
all well I'm sure to do better but let's
get ready for the best show ever I'm
going to call up my comments
here come on comments there you are
[Music]
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and if you don't if you
don't feel it yet if you don't feel the
excitement that is the simultaneous up
and you'd like to you'd like to go to a
level that nobody has ever even achieved
with their tiny shiny human brains you
need for that is a cuper muger a glass
of tanker gels a Ste a canteen jug or
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous Sip and it
happens now
go technolog is
working caffeine's going right to my
mitochondria where it belongs
songs well what's
new according to study finds 65 is the
new 25 they did a little study and they
found out that if you do something for
old people over
65 uh called brain endurance
training so they do exercise but they
also do uh mental exercises and guess
what they found can anybody guess what
they found when they had old people
physically exercising and also doing
mental exercising what did they find can
anybody
guess yeah when they did physical
exercises people got physically
healthier and when they did mental
exercises people got mentally
sharper well they could have saved a
little bit of
time just by asking me because because I
don't believe there's ever been a study
since the beginning of time where
somebody started exercising and got
weaker or somebody started eating right
and got sicker or somebody started using
their brain more and got
Dumber I I think we're 100% on all those
are we but yet but yet people are
spending money to confirm exercise good
all
right but it gets better a research team
Florida State un University found that
loneliness will heighten your risk of
dementia so your risk of dementia will
be heightened if you're
lonely um so let's put these two things
together if you exercise you get
healthier and if you talking to people
about interesting things probably that's
good for your brain so what you should
do is go for a walk with people you
don't
know I'm going to keep pushing this idea
and see if it ever breaks through so so
far I have zero traction on this idea it
goes like this the solution to
everything is take a
walk but try to figure out how to take a
walk with other people and try to do it
every day now I mean some days the
weather may be you know
unpleasing but if you simply made it a
habit in the United States that
everybody takes a walk after dinner you
don't have to eat at the same time just
take a walk after dinner every night no
matter what if you see your neighbors
maybe you catch up with them and walk
together if you don't you know the
Street's still going to be full of
people and you got a lot of people
watching watching but if if America
could develop just one habit of every
day Eat First Take a Walk just walk out
your door don't drive your car to a good
place to take a walk just walk out the
door and keep walking for like 50
minutes or
something I'm going to sell that idea no
matter how much you don't like it
because walking is the only thing that
everybody can do and it's also the only
it's one of the few excises where it's
talking intensive so you get your
walking and you're talking at the same
time and you don't have to think too
much about what machine is available you
don't have to join it well you know it's
obvious according to cpost they just
study and found out that attractive
people are more
generous do you believe that do you
believe Attractive people are more
generous so the way they did it was they
they did a game where you would allocate
tokens to People based on the rules of
the game and they found out that with
the token allocating
game that uh people were expecting the
Attractive people to be more generous
and and then they rated that they were
do you see anything wrong with that
study at
all does anything jump out as obviously
wrong with that study that attract of
people are more
generous if you put people in a token
related game
where the only thing you have at risk is
some tokens that don't have any value
you're not really going to get the same
result as the real
world let let me explain everything you
need to know about the real
world Attractive people can get away
with
anything no they're not more
generous Attractive people are
definitely not more generous because
they don't need to be attractive people
can get what they want out of life
by just existing because other people
want to give them things and they don't
mind when they don't when they don't get
something from them hey you just showed
up if if the most attractive celebrity
you can think of just showed up here at
your house you know without you knowing
it would would the first thing you think
be what no gift no Hostess gift no you
would say my God you're attractive get
in here I want to tell all my friends
that you came so here's what I learned
by being a minor
celebrity minor celebrities are treated
a little bit the way I imagine
Attractive people are I could only
imagine if I'd been attractive at the
same time you know imagine being famous
and
attractive it's it's pretty pretty big
uh that's a pretty big Advantage now I
only had the uh minor minor Fame thing
going for me but even I
would get treated in a way that even my
my flaws were forgiven immediately
because I was
famous and and even I don't agree with
that it's like okay you should be a
little bit harder on me right now I I
kind of deserve I I feel like I deserve
some scorn right now for you know being
five minutes late but as soon if you're
attractive or you're
famous people let you do anything and
it's not fair I'm not in favor of it I'm
just saying that I doubt I doubt you can
find out anything about Attractive
people with a game that involves tokens
that you didn't have to buy yourself I
don't think
so all right so uh according to Newsweek
I think it was Sweden but a NATO Ally I
think is Sweden is uh doing some testing
on these lasers jet fitted laser ERS so
they managed to shoot down 100% of the
missiles that they
tested apparently this whole missile
thing or so the whole lasers on ships
and lasers on planes it's going to be a
thing and we have two trends that are
going to
intersect one is uh swarms of
drones and the other is
lasers now correct me if I'm wrong but I
believe the the only thing you could
ever do cost effectively to thwart a
swarm of drones would be lasers it turns
out that the lasers um they only need to
shoe for say 10 seconds and it only cost
you $13 per shot so you could take down
a million doll missile for
$13 per shot that's not counting the
setup
expense but if you add a swarm of drones
coming at you and you could just put a
steady laser up there and just
go and almost do like a laser printer
except you'd be destroying drones as you
lasered I'll bet I'll bet it wouldn't
take too many laser defense units to
take out a thousand drones because it
could just
go just a continuous fight firing I
would think so those two uh two Trends
are going to come together lasers and
[Music]
drones
um The Wall Street Journal has a article
today that's very timely you know how we
pretend that polling for elections is
like a real thing and it's valid and
stuff and we all pretend it because it
gives us something to talk
about in the horse race hey somebody's
up by 0. two and there's really no
validity to it at all at least within
the the range that is
important so the Wall Street Journal
went through you know discussing how
they have to you know update their
assumptions all the time and if there's
if there's one thing I can tell you
about prediction
models if they have a lot of
assumptions it's the assumption that
determines the outcome it's not the
model this is the one thing that
everybody gets wrong if they've never
actually worked with models you know the
kind of models that are supposed to
predict what happens tomorrow if you
have lots of assumptions and here would
be an example one assumption would be
the people who are going to vote this
year are the same people who voted in
2016 let's say for
Republicans but what if it's closer to
the number of people percentage who
voted in 2020 because 2020 and 2016
weren't the same or or do you take the
average say it's going to be somewhere
between the 2016 and the 2020
rate what what would be your argument
for doing any one of those things
there's no way to validate which one of
those is the right thing to do and then
I think there are a few other ways to
slice it so if the thing that makes the
difference in your polling is which one
of those techniques you picked follow my
Logic the only thing that determined the
outcome was your assumption
and your assumption was based on
nothing nothing because you don't know
that the outcome or or the the turnout
for this election will be closer to 2016
or 2020 you don't know that but you have
to pick
one so literally I don't know this is
one of those things that is so obvious
but typically if you don't work with
this kind of material you don't see
it the model and the number of people
who responded have nothing to do with
the
outcome the the outcome is entirely
determined by which of those three
choices you made and really they're
probably more than
three and you and there's no backing for
them there there's no reasonable backing
for any one of
them now of course they'll have
arguments their arguments would be well
I think this or that or I looked at some
other source and this or that but
they're really assumptions
so um yes so the the the polls are
pretty gamed all right so let me give
you some examples Nate silver says Nate
silver being maybe the most famous of
political pollsters uh in the world in
in America let's say and he says the
data continues to be pretty negative for
Harris so so nay silver sees that the
polling trend is Pro Trump but that is
still basically a statistical
tie
now a year
ago every one of us could have told you
that it would be a statistical tie this
week no matter who ran and no matter how
well they did the campaign am I right
now I told you how many of you remember
that a year ago I was saying and
probably said it once a month for a year
here that it would be Tai at the
end you remember that right and that's
when I thought Biden was running you can
even change out the characters and I can
still I can still tell you what the poll
will be in the last day Tai it'll be a
statistical
tie now is that a
coincidence what causes that now the
only thing I can think of is that the
media consciously and subconsciously
knows it needs to be close or else
they'll do what they did with Biden
which is switch them out or they'll
change the the
coverage so it seems to me that all the
people who make money by making sure
that you're glued to the TV and glued to
the internet I feel like they all know
that the way they make the most money is
by keeping it a
tie but forget about the
media if there if there's also
manipulation in the Deep State I don't
know that there is but if there is they
would also need to keep it a tie so that
if there's any cheating hypothetically I
have no proof of any cheating but
hypothetically they'd want it to look
like a tie going into the election so no
matter which way it goes the public will
say oh well that's within the expected
range I accept that result so basically
every force in the world is consciously
and unconsciously forcing it toward a
tie and and the world will do something
dramatic if it's not a tie which we saw
they actually got rid of the candidate
in the summer before the election now
that's a pretty big change and why did
they do it because they couldn't keep
the tie going they couldn't keep it a
tie so they had to make something
dramatic happen and they did so it's
always going to be a tie when you get to
the end
so is polling
useful what's the point of polling if
you know what the answer is going to be
a year in advance it doesn't matter who
the candidates are or what they did or
even what their policies
are so that's the world we live
in New
Mexico um could be a dark horse they say
Breitbart is reporting that typically I
guess that me New Mexico would go to the
democr candidate but uh Trump's knock on
the
door um and he's only a few points
behind and he might even be close to the
margin of error in a state he's not
supposed to win at all but who knows but
then let's look at uh the Washington
Post so here's
the now I've told you before that you
could think of the polling companies as
legitimate polling companies and not
legitimate the legitimate ones are going
to try to get the right answer by
election day the illegitimate ones might
also have to you know suddenly do
something at the last minute but they're
really not trying to they're they're
trying to influence how you feel about
things so the Washington Post poll as
Molly Hemingway points out the
Washington post's latest poll says
Harris is winning Wisconsin by two
points and as Molly hamway points out
that may be but uh she she says in her
post but please never ever forget that
their 2020 their final 2020 poll said
Biden was going to win Wisconsin by
17 by
17 he did win it
by7 l less than one
point The Washington Post said he was
going to win by 17 now in some domains
17 isn't that big a number 177% 17
points but in the
election that's an enormous
number um so by that scale as Molly
points out Harris would be losing the
state by
14 instead of being ahead by two so
here's what I ask you know we always see
the polling averages like the real clear
politics is an average does this get
averaged in when Real Clear Politics
does the ravage do they put the this in
there they put the Washington Post in
the average I don't know but I'm
guessing they probably do what good is
an average if one of them is just
absurd now let me ask you this suppose
you went the other way and instead of
just saying okay if it's a poll it's a
poll we'll put it in the average suppose
instead you say okay we're going to put
everything in the average but we're
going to take out ones that were
obviously
wrong now what happens
now it's the assumption that gives you
the answer the assumptions about which
ones you decide are way too out outside
the range oh this one's got to go the
Assumption makes the answer not the poll
so once again it's a trick if there are
any assumptions involved in how you put
the numbers together it's the assumption
that drives it not not the poll not the
voters all right so here's some uh bad
signs for uh
kamla um so in the the hill this is an
opinion piece in in the hill uh the
title of the opinion piece is what if
Joe Biden was the better candidate all
along now here's the funny part I don't
know who wrote it the opinion piece and
I don't know even if it was a democrat
or a
republican what's funny is that this
could even
exist imagine how bad kble Harris is if
she's literally being compared unfav
ably by anybody by anybody to the guy
who's clearly mentally disabled at this
point that's pretty bad sign that's
that's a bad sign got any more bad signs
sure apparently Harris is not going to
be in public today she's taking the
entire day off to work on getting ready
for an NBC interview which will be taped
it won't even be live now remember I
always tell you
if what you know is just the facts that
are in the news you don't know anything
facts don't tell you anything it seems
like they would but they don't here's
what you need to know the players if you
know the players you probably know
everything so if I told you that the
most important interview the one that's
going to be probably closest to election
that's a major interview was going to be
by
NBC what would that tell you
NBC is one of the most
famously nonserious entities meaning
that they're just in the bag for the
Democrats some would say NBC is famously
part of the deep State Intel Community I
don't know about that I know it looks
like it I mean in every way it looks
like it's just a CIA entity but I don't
know that it's just what people say
people who know more than I do
now the fact that it's
taped tells you that if they're working
with what could be the you know one of
the friendliest networks and it's taped
what does that tell you about
editing it tells you that her bad
answers will be addit to
down of course that do you think that
they don't have a deal or do you think
that the person who does the editing is
an anti-h haris person I doubt it
don't you think that the editing will
determine what you think about the
outcome yes it will it's just like the
assumptions the assumptions Drive the
poll not the voters it's just the
assumptions and with an interview like
this where it's taped and it will
clearly be edited the editor determines
whether it goes
well that's just how it works it's the
editor will determine and now the
audience will think that they're seeing
KL Harris doing well or not doing well
well they're going to see you're doing
well because it's NBC but that will be a
decision of the editor it won't be
because she did well or didn't do well
we won't know because anything she
didn't do well you won't see anything
she did well will be running on a
loop so you're seeing something that has
that you think is judging whether
somebody could do well in an interview
what you're actually seeing is the
talent of an editor
[Laughter]
that's the real world the real world is
the editor will determine how this looks
and the editor is almost certainly going
to be on her
side otherwise she wouldn't be doing it
so she would know that in
advance there will be a Avalanche of
claims about the elections uh that will
be Non-Stop and more than I can tell you
these will be claims that there are
irregularities or problems and uh I
won't know what's true but I'll I'll
warn you again that 95% of all the
claims you hear of irregularity in the
election will not be true they won't
check out 95% and that's minimum it
could be
100% very easily it could be that not a
single thing that anybody finds made any
difference to the election I mean they
could be small and not make a difference
that's possible could be 100% of the
things that are
surfaced weren't really a problem now
that doesn't mean there's no problems
I'm just saying it could be that 100% of
the things that people identify as maybe
problems maybe when you look into them
they're not so don't assume that
anything you hear from now going forward
is necessarily true it's good to hear
them just so you know what the chatter
is and how people are feeling and get a
sense of the vibe and you know estimate
the odds of something terrible happening
at the election I'm going to close my
automatic blinds to improve my lighting
so you going hear some noise in the
background I knew there was something I
forgot so anyway the Gateway pundit says
3 with 31,000 mailin ballots requested
at ineligible addresses in one swing
state that would be
Wisconsin and there are a whole bunch of
categories in the
31,000 but remember the context is the
almost all claims
in this domain are not going to check
out or they're not going to be that
important to the final out outcome
doesn't mean none of them are just means
most all right so it's a there's a whole
list of of reasons that there a bunch of
addresses or ballots that are not valid
it's stuff like um multiple ballots
going to addresses that nobody lives at
people have moved down the state
addresses that don't actually match the
actual will address so a number of them
maybe are just ordinary mistakes don't
know how many a number of them look like
they could be bad behavior a number of
them could be just mistakes they could
be reporting that's not reliable you
know maybe somebody reported something
happened but it didn't or they thought
they saw something they didn't so there
are a whole bunch of reasons that go
into this
31,000 um I'll just note I'll just note
that somebody's
looking at it you know so the Gateway
pundits all over
it well if the election were
fair and Trump were lose I think that it
would be blamed almost totally on his
failure and the Republican failure to do
good messaging on bodily autonomy for
women let me tell you what should have
happened and didn't happen at all but uh
this is what I'm going to say if Trump
loses and it looks like the election is
fair if the election looks fair and
Trump loses fair and square it's going
to be because of bodily autonomy for
women all right would you agree because
because Trump is dominating the male
vote and when women are voting against
them it's almost always the bodily
autonomy thing and they have an argument
they do have an argument but the trouble
is the the Republicans also have a good
argument it's just they've never used it
I don't know why exactly I mean there
might be a reason but I don't know why
so I'm going to give you the good
argument there's still time but it's not
going to move many votes so here's the
good
argument did you know that uh 55% of the
electorate is women so in the country as
a whole 55% of the people who actually
are going to vote are women
55% that means that men are yeah
45% the difference between 45 and
55 that's a really big
difference that's an enormous difference
now it's not the same in every
state um in you uh in for example Alaska
and North Dakota there are a lot of male
uh jobs so a lot of there more men who
live there now even though there are
more men who live there the Voting is
still going to be close but here's
here's what the Republicans should have
said
um here's our argument on bodily
autonomy Republicans are better for
bodily autonomy we've taken the decision
out of the Supreme Court that's mostly
men we've taken it out of the presidency
which when it was done it was a man and
we moved it to the states where 55% of
the voters are
women that's moving bodily autonomy
toward the direction of women deciding
and taking men out of the out of the mix
now men can still vote but they're not
the majority and half of the men are on
you know they're split on the abortion
anyway so if women just get women to
vote and get a good majority of women
they can have anything they want Bly
autonomy is squarely 100% a decision of
women collectively
if women collectively can't decide what
their own bodily autonomy should be it's
really not the government's problem the
government is effectively sidelined
that's what Trump did and maybe that's
the way to say it Trump sidelined the
courts and sidelined the federal
government and said ladies you're most
of the voters and half of the men are
already on your side you can get
anything you want with that situation so
so bodily autonomy by far and I mean
this like not just a political argument
but like actually literally True by far
the Republicans have done better on
bodily autonomy so not only are they
saying women you decide what you do with
your bodies that's the change that we
gave you now that you can decide not the
Supreme
Court but also
uh uh we can make it safer to walk down
the
street when isn't part of your bodily
autonomy just being able to take a walk
without getting beaten up Republicans
are way better on that because everybody
thinks the Republicans would be you know
tougher on crime and and migrants do you
think that Trump would make you safer
from blowing up in a nuclear
blast I think so I think so do you think
Trump would make you
um do you think Trump working with RFK
Jr is going to help your body in terms
of your nutrition
and maybe the better testing of the
vaccinations and big
Pharma well nobody else has a plan I
only see one person who's trying to help
the bodily autonomy uh in food and
Medicine nobody else do even have a plan
for that but but Trump has like a really
good plan to unleash RFK Jr on that how
about
uh about the the freedom to put food in
your body if you can't afford grocery R
how's your bodily
autonomy you don't have any if you can't
afford food that's the ultimate and not
having bodily autonomy but Trump can
make an argument that he'd be better on
inflation and better on the economy so
the bodily autonomy is do you have a job
can you walk the streets and who gets to
make the the decision about your
abortion the Republican plan is women
make the decision about the abortions
because they have the Electoral majority
we'll make it safer to walk down the
street we'll make it safer to put food
in your body we'll make it safer to put
medicine in your body we won't force you
to take a a let's say a shot
um and I don't think this is
close in terms of bodily
autonomy the Republican argument that
they're giving you more of it even to
carry a gun you know the right to put a
gun on your body and make that basically
part of your personal defense
almost every part of the bodily autonomy
argument is pro-
Republican but nobody not even vake not
even JD Vance you know the people that
you'd expect to make really good
arguments all the time they're not even
close on this
one I don't know
why I don't know if they didn't test
enough different messages it's just not
obvious maybe they don't want women to
vote against abortion so they don't want
to tell them they have that power but
they should know that so there is
certainly a time lag meaning that
because row is overturned there are
number of states that suddenly were more
restrictive the women in those States
some of them said no no I don't like
this but over
time this is the superior situation
because over time women should get
everything they want if they
vote well let's talk about the Enemy
Within you know the uh
uh Trump has used that phrase the Enemy
Within and then the Democrats tried to
turn it into you mean us of course he's
not talking about them you know he
doesn't mean the pundits but they the
pundits think everything's about them um
but as the infinite dude points out on
the
xplatform uh the Enemy Within hoax
pretends Democrats don't make those same
legal threats to Trump and Trump
supporters on The Daily and I was
thinking to myself
I can't believe that I got accustomed to
the thought that my government might
jail me on a
pretense I'm actually I've Incorporated
that into my normal
worldview that my actual risk of just
being a person who talks about the news
is I could go to jail and not for
something I did but something they made
up and I actually think about that
almost every day now I wouldn't say you
know I've got a million things that
could kill me that I have to worry about
so it's not in the top 10 but every day
I think about Democrats weaponizing the
the justice department to take out me
now I'm pretty sure that you know
politics is why I got cancelled
career-wise so I don't think there's any
limit to what they're willing to do to
anybody if they can take you off the
field but um uh so I've been the Enemy
Within as far as Democrats go I've been
the Enemy Within since
2016 I I also got used you know you can
you get used to anything I always quote
my deceased mother she used to say you
could get used to anything if you do it
long enough including
hanging and you know sort of it was sort
of a common thing she often said
and after 2016 when I started backing
Trump I lost basically 100% of my
of my social life it just
disappeared uh I you know at some point
I couldn't even join a gym because it
was just too uncomfortable because you
know people recognize me and I I had to
stop completely
licensing so there was no point of
Licensing anything anymore because I
couldn't I couldn't do any public
speaking because nobody well nobody
would pay me unless it was a partisan
group um so that complete business away
and I just sort of I just rolled with
it like I just said well this is my new
normal and bit by
bit uh Democrats took my freedom
away and I I guess I wasn't noticing
each little bit it's like well okay you
got to wear this
mask you just got to get this
shot um you can't have a social life
anymore can't join a gym and be
comfortable can't give speeches can't do
your normal job oh in fact we're going
to take you out of all Publications and
cancel all of your
books and I just sort of started getting
used to having all of my freedom taken
away a little bit at a
time
and to hear the uh to hear the the
Democrats be complaining because Trump
says there's an enemy
Within well who did the who did all of
this to
me not a single foreign person has
bothered me in years that I'm aware
of but wow Americans have with me
pretty hard for what was I trying to
hurt you was I trying to make the world
a worst place to live in nope my entire
motivation is that if I can't make
things better I'm not even a little bit
interested if I don't think I can make
something better not even a little bit
interested because it's not like I do
this for the
money right so I'm doing it for higher
cause and the Enemy Within is just
vicious just
vicious
so I would like to congratulate the
Biden Harris
Administration for and I don't think
they get enough credit for this um they
told us that the biggest threat in
America was white supremacy that would
be like an enemy Within white supremacy
but uh they've been in office for almost
four years and I don't recall any big
problems with white supremacist which
means they solved
it so the Biden Harris campaign I'd like
to give them their due they identified
the biggest problem in the country the
white supremacists and they managed to
eliminate
it without doing anything I even noticed
I didn't even notice them doing anything
now I do know that they looked really
hard in the military and couldn't find
any but they were pretty sure there were
some in the Hills you know organizing up
in the mountains I don't think they
found any or they got rid of
them but uh congratulations I'd like to
give a uh Tim wals seal clap for the
Biden Harris Administration could you
join me would you like to join me home
in a Tim Walls seal clap for getting rid
of all the white supremacy and having no
problems for four years okay Tim wals
seal
Clap That was worth waiting for wasn't
it all
right according to Julie Kelly Liz
Cheney might have committed some crimes
running that uh January 6 uh show
trial uh there according to
representative louder milk uh there's
some allegations that Liz Cheney may
have committed several federal crimes
including tampering with a witness
suborning perjury and fabricating
evidence now what I say is no one's
Above the
Law you probably never heard that before
is if if you ever heard that that it
goes like this no one is above the law
yeah probably nobody's ever said that
before this could be the first time
you've ever heard it but uh I think that
applies that applies here I don't know
what she did or did not do but uh if she
did the crimes that she's Comm She's
accused of there're some of the worst
crimes in American history and uh that
would make her the Enemy
Within yeah it does seem like the
January 6 committee was an enemy to the
American people because I don't think
they were working on our
behalf uh let's see uh
apparently the warden who's in charge of
the prison where Steve Bannon is has
admitted that they illegally keeping him
in
prison wait
what the warden is admitting that they
are currently keeping him illegally in
prison now I'm sure there's some Nuance
to the story that I'm not picking up but
my understanding of it is that uh Steve
Bannon completed the requirements for
consideration for early release under
Trump's own plan for early
release and his application has simply
been
ignored it wasn't turned
down they just ignored it and they're
still ignoring it in other words there's
a republican an American citizen who's
in jail right now for reasons where even
the warden says he doesn't belong there
and he do the warden doesn't say it that
way the warden says hasn't acted on the
on the request I guess
now where is that
jail what jail is he in and why are
there not already a million Republicans
surrounding the
jail there should be a million
Republicans surrounding the
jail how did they beat us down this
hard we're pretty beaten down AR we
every everybody who says oh if the
election doesn't go right there's going
to be a revolution apparently not
apparently
not yeah so if this is true I'll take a
fact check on this because maybe there's
something to the story that I don't know
there may be some like technical
requirement they're leaning on that I
don't know about but if it's true
they're keeping him in jail and they
don't have a
reason there's should be a million
people standing around the jail they
should be surrounded now not for
violence obviously not for violence but
why are we letting this
happen because you know this is you next
right when when I told you I wake up
every day thinking you know they could
 with me and nobody would do
anything look what they're doing to
banon and nobody's doing anything what
are you doing about it I'm I'm doing
nothing about it either I I can't blame
you because I'm not doing anything
where is he in jail what's the name of
the
warden wh why is nobody reporting on
it if bannon's in jail
um just not
cool I feel like the the January 6
people all being in jail uh so many of
them being prosecuted has taken the
fight out of the
the people who might have reached the
streets and protested now again no
violence no violence nobody wants any
violence but there should be a million
people around that jail by now because
Steve Bannon isn't just Steve
Bannon he he's about the clearest um
Avatar representing Trump supporters
that you could ever have he's basically
the Trump supporter Avatar and they've
got him in jail
and we're just sitting here you think
they can't steal the election from you
if you want to make sure that they don't
steal the election get him out of
jail if if you can get him out of jail
with just you know legal safe peaceful
protesting then maybe we have a chance
of some kind of a good election but why
would they why would they not cheat like
hell if they can just put a guy in jail
and keep him there without cause right
in front of you national news no nobody
cares I feel like we don't have a
chance of having a fair election if
Bannon still in jail because not that
they're directly related they're related
in the sense that if the if the people
in charge know that they can do this
they can just put you in jail and just
keep you there without a good reason and
by the way I'll say again if there's
something to the story I'm missing you
know I'll I'll update later but as far
as I can tell
they're just keeping in there because
they
can
so there really needs to be a million
people around that jail it it should be
the only story in the news honestly it
it should be the number one priority to
get him out of the jail because
it could happen to you
next right could happen to me next
pretty easily so definitely could happen
to you next don't move any lect turns
you'll be in jail too meanwhile the
Gateway pundits talking about fonny
Willis's lover you remember Nathan
Wade so fonnie is the what is she the
da um yeah da and Georgia and uh she's
one Prosecuting Trump and there's
evidence that uh Nathan Wade met with
the White House a few times which would
suggest that the prosecution of trump
was law fair and was being coordinated
but of course Wade pretends he doesn't
remember oh I don't remember I don't
even remember if I went could have been
just a video call I don't even know how
many times was it I don't even remember
well let me tell you
this if you're not somebody who goes to
the White House every day you're not
likely going to
forget any of the
visits it's kind of a big deal
um and uh there's talk that maybe fonnie
was planning to get Trump the whole time
and so had nothing to do with what Trump
did and everything to do with lawfare um
I would consider them the enemies
within enemies within so if you're
keeping
track uh Liz Cheney and the January 6
people
definitely uh there's some suggestion
that they might be the enemies within
because there's allegations they committ
serious serious crimes the warden has
admitted that he does doesn't have a
reason to keep uh Bannon in jail there
might be more to that story but so far
that looks like an enemy
Within uh fonnie Willis and Nathan Wade
their behavior that we know about would
suggest that they're not on the side of
the public and that they are an enemy
Within how many of them should go to
jail well only if they broke laws if
they didn't break any laws I guess we
have to deal with it in whatever legal
you know nonviolent way we can but looks
pretty bad to
me the the number of enemies within and
that's not even counting the Washington
Post well uh according to the New York
Post the the Atlanta Journal
Constitution that'd be a big paper in
Georgia um suggests that the Democrats
are failing to connect with men and uh
they're lose and they say that only 20%
28% of it looks like Democrats will lose
in Georgia currently and that just 28%
of men back the Harris
campaign do you believe
that do you believe uh that according to
the Atlanta Journal Constitution only
20% 28% of men in Georgia are backing
Harris
28% now this was a uh what they call a
survey not a poll
I think this one you have to rack up to
no
way I think there's no way that's even
close to this is sort of like the
Washington Post and there's 17 points
for Wisconsin you in the prior election
I don't think so I'm going to go I'm
going to go nah on this
one all
right but there are many men who do
support Harris uh many very virel
and uh the kind of men that the women
just want to have sex with let's put it
that way well we're talking about the
kind of men who Spore Harris that when
women even just hear their names or see
their pictures they Swoon they Swoon so
for example George
Conway when the ladies see him on TV
they
go uh there's Morning
Joe totally sane Stephen King Rob Riner
p
James Carville well I think you could
see the point it's a it's a
veritable uh list of men's men kind of
kind of men that every woman wants to
just have a baby
with anyway speaking of Carville um I'm
really loving how bad crazy he's
become so look at the journey for James
Carville so he got famous during the
Clinton campaign for telling everybody
reminding them it's the economy stupid
so if they focused on the economy that
they had the stronger message and they
would win and sure enough they won so he
went from the genius who came up with
it's the economy
stupid to currently he's pushing the
idea that Trump's uh rally in Madison
Square Garden is intentionally designed
to mirror a 1939 Nazi event
let let's compare and let's see if we
can figure out if James Carville has
lost his
fastball all right here's the fast ball
it's the economy stupid boom Clinton
becomes president and everybody says
that was brilliant and it becomes part
of the history of how clever he was as a
campaign manager and now it's uh uh
Trump's going to have a rally in a place
where everybody has a rally except
because it's Trump having the rally in
the place that everybody has the rally
at Madison Square Garden which is an
obvious place to have a rally it must be
because he's mimicking Nazis in
1939 uh does that sound like the same
fast ball to you think it slowed down a
little bit and the funny thing is
absolutely nobody is picking up on
it he's trying to make it something that
people are are going to copy and imitate
he's been on the news saying it now
several times but correct me if I'm
wrong zero other people have said this
out loud Am I Wrong have you heard any
other person any Democrat any you know
even you know Rachel madow anybody if
you heard
anybody say that because it's a rally in
Madison Square Garden it's evocative of
Nazi
Germany they he can't even get a
Democrat to repeat it
you can't even get a Democrat to repeat
it
um
anyway hilariously batshit
crazy uh CNBC is talking about
how keris is delegating her major policy
uh talk to Mark cubin in the final weeks
so I forget who said it somebody on Ms
CNBC said now I think that's true Mark
cubin has emerged says I've probably
heard as much or more about kamla
Harris's economic plans for Mark Cuban
as I have heard from her or any other
source now many of you and me included
have uh been fascinated by the mystery
that is Mark cubin um why is he acting
the way he is and saying the things he
says and to many of you it looks bad
crazy and maybe it is but I I I tend not
to think it's stupid or crazy because
he's not stupid or crazy in general so
it would be weird if he were you know a
high functioning you know higher
functioning than most people all the
rest of the time but in this one narrow
area he was just you know stupid and
crazy so I think stupid and crazy can be
ruled
out it's something else and if you if
you take the assumption that he's
actually a unusually smart person which
is my that's my preferred view on things
then it looks
different so what would be his
motivation if you assumed that he's just
unusually smart and he's doing exactly
something smart to get what he wants
what would that look
like well here's what he might be so I
can't read minds so this is just
recreational right so Mark if you're
watching uh this will be my
entertaining attempt to read your mind
some of it might be you know he just has
some past with Trump that's doesn't make
him happy so that you know that might be
some minor pressure but wouldn't be
enough to make you go full in the way he
is right so so I would rule out that
everything he's doing is just about a
feeling about Trump right it comes
through but it can't be the main
motivation there's just not enough
reason for that so it' be something else
so what would be a big
gain that Mark Cuban could possibly get
for going all in on
Harris well some would say he wants to
get a maybe a cabinet position or you
know get some kind of
clout I don't see any indication of that
because his current life and job and
position are way better way better than
being I don't know Secretary of this or
that that would just be a waste of his
talents I think so I don't think it's
said he wants a job doesn't need one it
wouldn't boost him and even his message
would be less probably you probably he
less of
them so if he doesn't want a job there
are two possibilities that really stand
out one he may have businesses that
really really really need the government
to be on his side for example if you're
in the pharmaceutical business as he is
he owns a um what's it called is it I
forget the name of it but it's a real
good idea he's lowering prices for a lot
of meds which we compliment him for and
I have uh nothing but unreserved uh
appreciation and respect for taking that
on to to the extent that he's actually
lowering costs for
meds good job thank you that that is
exactly exactly what I want to see our
successful people doing you know I want
to see our billionaires putting us in
space I want to see them lowering our
drug costs you know I want to see our
billionaires the people who know how to
do big stuff do some big stuff and he is
so he's doing some big stuff if he never
did anything else I'd say that was a
hell of a good job Mark cubin lowering
those prices
so it could be that either that or some
other some other jobs he's got he's uh
you know he's got some benefit that he
doesn't think he get as much
appreciation from the Republicans maybe
maybe he thinks the Democrats would be
better but that doesn't really make
sense does it because you would think
that the Republicans would be far better
at removing
regulations you know unless there's some
special situation that goes the other
way in this case but that doesn't really
feel satisfying as an explanation that
he's doing it for his own businesses I I
think he would just try to stay out of
uh government stuff if he wanted to do
it for business so my experience and
many people's experience is that if you
become identified with one political
side it will pretty much destroy your
business going forward whatever your
business is so I would rule out that
he's being political for business
success because he's already got enough
and it probably would reduce his number
of customers who have a good feeling
about him by
50% so yeah I don't think it'
work the other possibility is the fun
one the fun one is that we don't have a
real government and we haven't for a
long time meaning that the way things
get decided is by by some some weird
collection of interests and who has the
most power at any moment so some of it
might be you the uh the money people who
are donating have influence some of it
is the big corporations have
influence sometimes you know we're doing
things for allies you maybe some would
say we're doing doing things for the
benefit of Israel more than America some
would say and so it's this whole bunch
of forces in many ways that that form
through you know a few people who get
elected but it's not the elected people
are even making the decisions they they
kind of get the decision and then they
tell you what it is but it feels like
the decisions are made by this large
constellation of advisors and
influencers and money people and you
know and all
that now if you accept that that's what
it looks like that we live in a world in
which nobody's really in
charge everything is just everything is
just this long game of lots of variables
going into stuff until something happens
which is how I see the world if you
throw somebody like a Mark Cuban into
that
world what
happens ju just give it a thought it's a
big confused world where decisions are
just coming from every direction and uh
you know the best argument wins and and
now you just throw a
non-elected but highly visible Mark
cubin into the middle of it what
happens well let me tell
you it would give him an unusual amount
of control over the country without
being
elected because I always tell you the
best idea is whenn so he's out in public
testing ideas every day he'll he'll
throw something out and then you know a
whole bunch of criticism comes in and
then he either tries it again or you
know tweaks it tries something else so
he's out there testing one message after
another becoming becoming the voice of
Economics for the for the Democratic
party what's the most important issue
economics
economics so if you become the most
important voice the one that goes on
television the one that MSNBC wants to
talk to the one that will go on Fox to
the one that will also go on CNN the one
who will also go on CNBC and if every
time he goes on he's sort of speaking
for roughly speaking the Democrat side
of things and he's the only one who
makes
sense he's running the
Democrats he would become the one who
unofficially is making the the economic
and and
policies so here's the thing
if you believe that Mark cubin just got
lucky and became a billionaire and he's
really just a dope then everything makes
sense right everything you see would
make sense if you assume well he's just
a big dope or he just wants just wants
attention and he's not that
bright everything would make sense like
everything you see would track perfectly
okay yeah that didn't make sense that
didn't make sense you must be a big
dope but I don't see that at all
I I don't see a big dope I see somebody
who's smarter than most of us and always
has
been and he might be so much smarter
that he figured out what I just
explained to you that the Democrat Party
is such a mess that the worst thing you
could do is get elected because then
you'd be in the machine and you'd be
you'd be trapped in the machine but if
you become the most capable non-elected
voice that always talks on one side for
the Democrats you effectively take over
the economic decisions of the party and
therefore the country so Mark Cuban may
have found a way through the back door
to become one of the most important
people
in American
influence and if that's what he was
planning to do and I don't know that
that would be speculation just
recreational speculation it would be
kind of Awesome
now not in the sense that I agree with
everything he wants to do or thinks is a
good idea that's not what I'm saying I'm
saying that if he intentionally said the
Democrat Party is a nest of
incompetence and the only thing I have
to do to fix it is to be the loudest
smartest person I can do
that and he did he's the loudest
smartest person in the in the Democratic
Party on the topic of Economics to the
point where he's a better descriptor of
their Economic Policy than Harris and
when Mark cubin tells you that Harris
doesn't mean it about the um the tax on
uh assets that have accured in value but
not been sold when he tells you that's
not really going to be
implemented I believe
him so just think about this so you got
two really big voices in the Democrat
Party obviously
Harris who is saying I want to text
these you know unrealized gains and then
you got Mark cubin who says that's never
going to happen but but I like a lot of
the other stuff who do you
trust it's not it's no contest you would
trust Mark Cuban on that question right
by far I mean I I think there's no no
possibility that that will be
implemented so yes he is already
the number one voice in economics and
the party that's likely to win the White
House or you know it's coin flip I
suppose so do not rule
out that his game is way smarter than
you think it is because all he had to do
is be smart say a bunch of stuff don't
be embarrassed if it doesn't work out
say something else so he has the The
Voice the personality the Charisma the
lack of embarrassment
which is really really important and he
knows enough about business and
economics that he's credible you know he
can talk about the topics and ways that
make sense to you he may have done one
of the smartest things you've ever seen
in American
history which is he saw incompetence he
saw a solution himself he inserted
himself into it and he used exactly the
tools that he had to become the
prominent voice in economics
such that the next time a Democrat has a
big idea you want to bet they to they
check with him
first here here's how to think of it
let's say uh there's the Harris campaign
comes up with a new
idea at this point would they roll it
out before they checked with Mark Cuban
knowing that he's already shooting him
down on that uh unrealized gains
tax I think
that if they're smart they check with
him
first what's that make
him it puts him in
charge because if they think they can't
roll out a policy if he's going to say
it
sucks they probably won't do it and if
they bring him a policy and he says oh
my God I could sell the hell out of that
all I have to do is show that you know
Trump did this but you want to do this
the numbers are good yes do that I can
sell that he's in charge
so don't be
surprised if the real story there that
maybe you'll never know is that he did
one of the smartest things ever in
America and you want the good
news here's the good news you know how
worried you are that everything will go
to hell if the Democrats
win would you worry about that if Mark
Cuban were in
charge probably not
probably not and he might be in
charge now not of
everything but he might be the he might
be the guard
rails that are going to keep the
Democrats from going full
communist because he's yeah he's full
capitalist so if you put that that big
of a an anchor right in the middle of
all their all their uh communist schemes
I'm being hyperbolic
here that's a big protection
it's a big protection so here's what you
should not rule out you should not rule
out that what Markin is doing is
probably one of the most patriotic
things you've ever seen in your life
maybe again this is just recreational
speculation it might be one of the most
patriotic things you've ever seen taking
a personal risk to put himself in the
middle of this incompetent Democrat
swamp and just say I'm going to make
more noise until you can't ignore me and
I'm going to make it impossible for you
to be as stupid as your impulses
apparently are he's the thing that makes
you think the Democrats might be a
little bit smart and have at least one
person who can tell them something
that's true or not true without worrying
about losing an
election
so in the it's funny in the comments
somebody said it's ego
uh let me let me agree with you but not
in the way you think would that be
ego if hypothetically again we can't
read any mind so we don't know what he's
thinking but if Mark hban said I'm the
only one who can fix
this and then he went in is that
ego not if he can do it it's not it's
not ego if he can do it if he can do it
it's
patriotic if he couldn't do it let and
he somehow thought he had these
abilities well then that's just some ego
problem I guess but if you can do it and
he's proven he
can that's not
ego that that's exactly the right kind
of ego that's the one you want if you
could all have that kind of ego you'd
all be in good
shape all right so I just thought I'd
put that out there just to make it
fun um as the maze account on X points
out we seem to be getting primed for
some kind of uh shenanigans on Election
Day Maz points out that in 2016 the New
York Times did a video about the 2000
election that was the gore and Bush
election where it took days to figure
out who really won and New York Times
was talking about how crazy it was to
not have a have a result on Election Day
when we're a big important country and
we can't even figure out how to how to
get anything done and uh but today we're
being primed not by the New York Times
necessarily but by entities saying you
know might take up to four
days up to four days now I do think
it'll take longer than that actually but
the fact that we're being primed for not
being able to do an election without a
4-day
delay
unbelievable so uh and then uh has asked
this he he said says uh isn't that wild
can you think of anything other than
voting in which the processes and
Technology have regressed an efficiency
over a 25y year period is there anything
else in the United States that's got
worse in 25
years yes airline
travel airline travel it just only gets
worse it's the same little seats but the
cost more and you have to you know wait
longer and your luggage gets
lost yeah airline travel hasn't it's the
same
planes a lot of the planes are 25 years
old right I I don't think it's
improved but uh raspon reports says that
uh a majority 55% of Democrats think the
election is going to be
rigged or or that the cheating will be a
big part of the the election now that's
55% of Democrats presumably when they
answer that question they're thinking
the Republicans are doing the
rigging um how do it go the other
direction let's see uh 58% of
Independence so Independence and
Democrats are largely on the same page
uh by a good good healthy majority think
that cheating is going to be part of the
process uh what about the Republicans oh
83% 83% of Republicans think cheating is
going to be you know a part of this
election now that doesn't mean the
cheating will change the
election but uh we do live in a world
where there's lots of cheaters so there
will be attempts for
sure um I heard something that just blew
my mind if it's
true uh I think this came from Mike
Ben um do you know who owns Dominion
voting
machines how many of you know I'll do do
me a fact check as we're going uh What
entity or company owns Dominion so it's
it's not owned by itself it's it's owned
by a larger entity do you know the
entity that owns it
anybody all right I'll ask you a few
questions and then um see if you get
them so who's the entity that owns
Dominion voting systems and then I'm
going to ask you a a second question
then what's the who's the head of the
car of the
group and then who does Joe Biden spend
Thanksgiving
with so the answers I think are the
caral group owns the Dominion voting
company and the had of the carile
group uh owns the house that Biden stays
at for thanks giving I don't know how
many times he's done that
but so if you stay with somebody for
Thanksgiving you know him pretty well
don't
you now is that
true give me a fact check on that
because I I thought I saw that but I was
in a hurry so is it true that the carile
group owns Dominion voting
machines and that the head of the caral
group is a good friend with
Biden is that is that
true all right well I'll put that out
there as a question I see somebody some
people confirming it
but does that uh raise any
questions oh my
goodness I don't know if that's true but
uh let me let me say this statement for
the
record for the
record uh I'd like to state that
electronic voting
machines and listen carefully because I
don't want to get any legal trouble as
far as I know electronic voting machines
are the only unhackable digital devices
ever invented by
humankind as far as I know so my
understanding is that the only thing
that you could not hack would be voting
machines now some of you are like
skeptical and you're like oh Scott if
it's digital and there's a programmer
anything can be hawked well obviously
not obviously not people if there were
any problems with these voting machines
do you think the president of the United
States would spend a Thanksgiving with
the guy who is the head of the group
that owns
it obviously not so I think we can say
with certainty that the only kinds of
digital devices that can't be
hacked are digital voting machines and
Counting machines cannot be
hacked stop
it stop looking at me like that they're
the only ones that can't be hacked
everything else can be hacked but not
them not
them uh according to the National Post
uh voting machines failed the Integrity
test but they're going to be used anyway
in Dallas
Texas oh okay let's kind of kind of
worrisome um so
reportedly they tested only four
machines in this Dallas
County uh let's see where was it uh just
in Dallas so they only vote they only
checked some of the
machines and uh they say that test
showed that the machines failed on
several fronts including tabulation
errors and vote flipping
vote
flipping vote
flipping come on they tested the
machines and one of them vote
flipped all
right and that only four machines were
tested in
total so I don't know if this is true
this is the national pulse report
it but in Dallas they only tested four
machines the four machines failed and
part of the failing was vote
flipping and then they just said well
good
enough yeah that's like that would be
like testing
uh uh let's say baby
carriages we tested four baby
carriages uh two of them blew up killed
the baby
inside two of them did
not uh we've decided to go with this
design if you only test four machines
and even one of them flips if even one
of them flips a result even once you got
to shut down that whole
system has anybody ever worked in
technology if you find one system and
you've only picked four randomly out of
all the machines in in the whole area
and you've only picked
four and one of them flips a
result you have to close down the whole
state or you're not even
trying I mean would you play it
differently no obviously it's too late
and you know I'm sure they had their
arguments and they probably said there's
something special about this one machine
but they couldn't possibly know that
so is this report even
true I mean I don't I don't know which
voting machines they were looking at it
doesn't say the vendor so it's not
necessarily um I have no reason to think
it's Dominion
but the so the world we're living in is
that absolutely everything
is not looking credible at the
moment but I remind you that the one
thing we know for sure
is that voting machines are the only
kind of digital devices that can't be
hacked can I happen impossible
people so if after this election you
start saying that they can be there's
something wrong with you not the
machines that's all I've got for today
tonight I will be uh tonight I'm going
to live stream at 900 p.m. eastern time
6:00 p.m. California
and I will be filling out my
ballot which I will not be showing you
it'll be off screen but ballot and uh
I'm going to ask you to fill out your
ballots at the same time I won't be
telling you how to vote that's up to you
of course but I just want to make sure
that if any of you have ADHD and the
only thing that's keeping you from
voting is well I didn't get around to it
that you can have a chance to do it with
other people
um I thought that this this election and
no other election really this election I
feel like every person has to do
something at the retail level like you
have to make sure that you're driving
somebody to the polls you have to make
sure that you're sitting with somebody
and handing them the pen to fill out the
the thing this isn't like the other
elections this is the big
one and if you have not yet done
something on the retail level meaning
person to person please do find one
person to vote that wasn't going to vote
find one person who needs a little
prodding or a little reminder maybe they
lost their ballot maybe you can find it
maybe you can drive them to the polls
and go with them do something you know
you don't have to do everything it's not
on you right but it would be great if
everybody did something so the one
little something I'm going to do is this
live stream and uh maybe two people vote
that wouldn't have voted and that that
will be my contribution so my
contribution will be if I can get two
people to vote that wouldn't have voted
there that's mine now if you can do
better than that because you have actual
friends you see in person stuff like
that you might have some advantages
there but uh you know I use what I got
all right ladies and gentlemen I'm going
to talk to the uh people on the locals
platform privately thanks for joining
um but I would like to leave all of you
with this video that I think is very
[Music]
important see if I can make that
play hold on you got to hear
this dangerous vision and behavior of
people Donald Trump it it's time for us
to say no we are not going backwards we
going sick and tired of the negative
dark divisive dangerous vision and
behavior people who support Donald Trump
it is time for us to say no we are not
going backwards we're going sick and
tired of the
negative device
danger Trump could have run that as the
campaign ad and he wouldn't have had to
even
campaign if the only thing he had was
that video he could have just stayed
home and say you want you want some of
this you know I can give you something
different but if you want you want some
more of
this all right everybody I'm going to
talk to the locals people thanks for
joining on YouTube and Rumble andx I'll
see you tomorrow same time same place
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e