oh hey Janice Devine Chris you're all
the early ones and I appreciate it every
time thanks all for coming
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
you came to the right place for that
because you know what's next I think you
do run run get your cup your mug your
Stein you're jealous your flask could be
a tankard or two thermos it could be any
kind of a container but once you filled
it with your favorite liquid you know
what time it is it's time for the
simultaneous up here it comes
good stuff so I'm not going to talk
about the latest shooting I'm
intentionally ignoring that news except
where I say it in headlines
so all I've allowed myself to know is
that there's another one I'm gonna
intentionally not look at any names of
people I'm intentionally not going to
inform myself beyond the normal human
empathy for the victims but somebody
named Elmo the locus Wookiee tweeted
this morning that Scott Adams that's me
once brilliantly suggested well if I may
be modest he said I once brilliantly
suggested a compromise with the
Democrats in which we make it illegal
for Democrats to own guns in my opinion
this is the most common-sense gun
control now of course that's a reference
to the latest shooting and of course
both sides try to pin it on the other
one and and again I don't care about the
shooter because I just don't want to
know about him don't want to give an
attention law enforcement will do what I
can but I'm reminded of that idea and
what's funny about it if guns can be
funny it's hard to be
funny after a tragedy but let me let me
be respectful to the victims but talk
about the topic separately
why would Democrats object to making it
illegal for Democrats Stone guns doesn't
that solve half the problem suppose
suppose you wanted a different direction
this is a similar suggestion suppose you
made it illegal to own a gun unless
you're a member of the NRA how about
that I mean that would probably get rid
of most Democrats owning guns in the
first place now the thinking would be
that the NRA I'm not a member but I
think this is true that they operate in
large part to make it safe to own a gun
so there would be education and you
reminders and access to gun locks and
gun safes and essentially trading and
information about how to be a safer
owner now here's the other thing about
joining the NRA and I don't know why
nobody ever talks about this I saw as
far as I know I'm the only person who's
ever said the thing I'm gonna say thanks
if you join the NRA you registered your
gun does do you think the government
can't get a hold of the membership lists
of the NRA it isn't joining the NRA gun
control I mean it's voluntary gun
control you're literally putting
yourself on a list of people who almost
certainly have more a gun or more than
one gun now it's not so specific that it
says what gun you own but still how many
people have ever joined the NRA without
actually owning a gun not every person
right there probably people who joined
and got rid of their gotten because
maybe they had a kid in the house or
whatever reason you know they live
somewhere they couldn't have it so maybe
temporarily somebody's at the NRA
without a gun
but in general if you join the NRA you
you just bought into gun control III
don't know what would be stronger gun
control than putting your name on a list
of people who owns guns and submitting
yourself to fairly continuous streams of
gun safety information I would call that
gun control wouldn't you
I mean reason politics aside does that
not do a lot of what gun control
purports to do anyway so while it would
be illegal to say hey you people if
you're a Democrat you can't hold a gun
it's funny but it's not legal because
I'd be treating people differently but
certainly you could say you have to get
a license you have to register for
things those types of things are normal
legal stuff but nobody likes the
government getting involved so let me
offer let me offer an alternative let's
say this you don't let's say there's a
law that says you don't have to join the
NRA but if somebody kills somebody with
one of your guns you have a higher level
of responsibility how about that just
say that if you you can own all you can
own guns and you don't have to join the
NRA but if you do your level of
responsibility will be somehow insured
against or you know maybe there'll be
some degree of protection because at
least you did that much I don't know if
there's any practical way to work that
out but thinking in those terms anyway
that's my thought for the day let's talk
about some other stuff have you noticed
that thanks to Jerry Nadler primarily
the Democrats have turned one of the
best parts of our government into
something terrible one of the best parts
of our government is the checks and
balances
and specifically talking about the
congressional oversight is it my
imagination because first of all I think
congressional oversight I'm no expert
but it seems like that would be an
important thing to have and it should be
important to continue having it when it
makes sense but has Jerry Nadler taken
that good thing and turned it into some
some weird process where he's become a
stalker he's basically the president's
stalker and and the other part of the
process of this oversight is
manufacturing crimes because you can
force people into crimes pretty easily
if you if you know what buttons to push
in these big investigations apparently
are very effective at forcing people
into accidental crimes crimes that they
may not have known they committed if you
don't even know you're committing a
crime you don't even know and you're a
sophisticated person who pretty much
knows what's legal and what isn't if you
don't even know you're committing a
crime do we want do we want our Congress
to have the job of manufacturing crime
so you've got the president who is
working hard to reduce crime that's a
true statement right wouldn't you say
that the president is working hard I
don't know what kind of success he's
having but you can see you can see that
the other work is there he's trying to
reduce down the border he's trying to
reduce crime even the first step program
is it if everything works out well a way
to rehabilitate people so that they're
less likely to commit more crimes so you
see the president whether or not he's
successful working hard to reduce crime
what did Jerry Nadler do this month
pretty sure he worked hard to
manufacture crime he's actually creating
crime and of other things that people
didn't even know we're illegal well I
talked to somebody I I fired somebody I
thought about this and suddenly you're
obstructing
justice for a crime that didn't exist in
the first place the collusion situation
so I and then when we look at the tax
returns I'll talk about that but getting
a hold of the president's tax returns
the thing that Nadler wants doesn't that
seem like what a stalker would do what
does this talk or do they the first
thing they do is they try to hack into
your into your private accounts right a
hacker tries to get your private
information a stalker so the difference
between Nadler and the stalker is this
seems to be narrowing right small or
smaller and somehow that's still okay
with the Democrats they're watching
their the Democrats are watching their
team turned into stalkers and
manufacturers of crimes that didn't need
to happen amazing let's talk about the
tax returns so New York Times has
apparently gone full wikileaks meaning
publishing information that was stolen
or illegally obtained in this case so we
don't know the details but it seems
based on the New York Times own
reporting that the information was
illegally obtained and then provided to
the New York Times who does not have any
responsibility because they're just a
publisher of things that other people
stole which apparently is legal enough
but not legal enough for Wikipedia for
now Wikipedia for WikiLeaks for reasons
that are unclear now of course the
Democrats had run out of things to say
about the president because things were
going so well and in the country and
they lost all of their their big
arguments you know they they watched the
Russia clusion collapsed they watched
the fine people hoax become more of a
laughingstock than a good complaint so
and we watch the president give a you
know the highest civilian award to tiger
woods now nobody said anything about
race when that happened or at least I
didn't see it which is good I suppose we
were growing up a little bit that nobody
made a any race related comments about
Tiger Woods but as an image is so
violates what the Democrats think about
this president because it doesn't fit
their story their story is he's a big ol
racist and he's sending racist signals
to to his some part of his base but I'm
pretty sure Tiger Woods's at least part
black and nobody talks about that so how
does that make sense because it's
optional right the president didn't need
to give Tiger Woods in the war it wasn't
like the country was asking for it it
wasn't it wasn't polling well there was
literally no reason to do it except he
thought it would be worth doing and it
was for golf after all of all things
he golf's really well so if you're a
Democrat you're looking and all of you
are your beliefs just blow up in your
face because the economy is good the
president doesn't seem to have a mental
illness you know we would have noticed
by now and you know it's all falling
apart so they need a new thing and
luckily they got this tax thing and of
course we're all watching in amazement
as something that Trump wrote about in
his own book the most public thing that
anybody could ever talk about with the
president the thing that's been reported
forever which is the he took enormous
losses and was near bankruptcy at one
period and then he worked his way back
so the reporting basically the stuff we
already knew stuff they he said publicly
and often wrote a book about it
shouldn't be any surprises but the way
they treat it is of course with the
usual financial ignorant now the
president explained it this way
and I'm not going to take his that
explanation as
we'll say completely correct let's say
that there might be some herb hyperbole
on both sides here and it's hard to sort
that out so I don't know what that I
probably is on the president's side but
let's just assume that that there's some
there now what the president explained
in his tweet that I don't think most of
the country understands is that if you
have a business in which you're buying
expensive assets and then depreciating
them and you're and you're building this
is the the key parts if you have these
two things happening you're buying
expensive assets or building so let's
say a building is an expensive asset so
you're building expensive assets you're
depreciating them and here's the second
part this is important you're you're
growing so if it's a growing company
that's building more and more more and
let's say each building is bigger bigger
than the building before what you should
see if everything is working just right
is losses for the entire building period
so if you did everything right it should
look exactly the way Trump's taxes look
you eliminate your taxes you negotiate
with bankers when you need to or if you
can or as the president called it sport
normal development stuff so let me give
you another example many years ago
comcast was a small unprofitable on
paper unprofitable cable business and
because putting cable into neighborhoods
is a big asset expensive thing they were
buying expensive things all the time
you know buying rights and putting in
putting in cables all over the place
very very expensive but they could
depreciate that stuff
and they were growing
what would have been one of the best
stocks you could have ever purchased
Comcast even though for I don't I'm
talking about the top of my head
somebody somebody's gonna need to look
into the numbers here but I think that
they lost money on paper for twenty
years ten years I don't know I I feel
like they lost money on paper for years
and years and years did they not
somebody needs to fact-check you know I
saw the comments somebody somebody
mentioned Amazon Amazon exactly same
situation buying expensive assets like
crazy depreciating them so you've got
losses on paper but growing now where
does the money come from if you're
growing all right those of you who
understand finance if you're losing
you're losing money on paper on each
deal but you're probably also losing or
you're probably also spending more
actual cash than you're producing where
does the money come from the money comes
from banks somebody says taxpayers not
really the money comes from banks why
does a bank give somebody a loan if
they're losing money every year because
it's a good loan the bank doesn't give
you a loan unless you know for a new
building unless they can look at that
building and they could say okay this is
a good deal it's gonna look like it's
gonna lose money for years but then
it'll it'll be a cash cow after that so
when you watch the new york times talk
to people who are ignorant about all
things finance it might be true the
Trump made mistakes business mistakes
during that period I don't have any
visibility on that you would expect
somebody who made as many decisions as
he did about as many high-risk big
projects you would expect he had some
mistakes and I don't think he would say
otherwise
but but I don't know what they are
exactly and when you see the reporting
the things they talk about as if their
mistakes they're not quite landing it on
a on a finance level in other words if
you understand how business works you
understand how taxes work you understand
a little bit about how accounting works
you know what depreciation is you know
what cash flow is you know what leverage
is if you know all of those things which
would require you to have some serious
either business training or business
education most of the public doesn't
understand all of those issues but if
you do what the New York Times reported
just lays there on the page it doesn't
tell me anything good and it doesn't
tell me anything bad it is simply a
small part of a large picture which I
can't see it doesn't mean really
anything I mean by itself you would have
to see the larger context if you can see
the complete picture of how you went
from not paying taxes to whatever
situation the Trump Empire is in right
now if you can see the whole story I
think you'd say that looks pretty good I
don't know all right let's talk about
China so when I read the story about as
you know that the president has
threatened greater tariffs on China
because they seem to have pulled a step
back on the negotiations
so China seemed to have agreed to things
and then change their mind I didn't
realize until this morning I read a
report how much they'd changed their
mind so apparently they took the the
agreement was it which was reportedly 90
percent done and then went to China and
they're they're legal people or whatever
worked it up and made changes and said
it back and suddenly it was just all
wrong again as if no negotiations had
been happening for months now somebody's
saying that's all just part of
negotiations and the answer is yes it
would be dumb for China not to do what
they did
so you should expect in all big
negotiations that somebody would do
something that looked exactly like what
China just did do you know who else does
that the person selling you a car you
know how your your car salesperson
always says well I'd love to give you
five thousand dollars off in this car
but I'm gonna have to check it with the
boss and then they disappear for a way
too long they're just making you wait
they're not actually talking about
anything and they come back and they say
gosh I would give you this for sure but
you know my boss says now now the
purpose of this is to separate you the
customer and have one person in between
the person who's making the decision
that's what China just did and all these
negotiators have been negotiating for a
long time and then it looked like they
then made something close to a deal and
as soon as those negotiators said all
right now I just just got to check it
with the boss whoever the bosses in this
case it could be lawyers could be you
know President Xi and they take it back
and the boss said oh I can't do this
so it it's it's basically a way to stall
for time and we're down the opposition
so that without giving any good reasons
they just say all right we just got to
get a deal done now I started to make a
tweet this morning and I changed my mind
and I don't know if I'm glad I did or
not and I started to tweet but did not
tweet the following is China stalling on
trade negotiations to wait and see if
they get a President Biden to make a
better deal and I wrote the tweet I
wrote in several ways and then I decided
not to send it because I thought well
maybe I don't know enough about this
situation yet I'm not I'm not going to
commit to that and then I saw that the
president tweeted that exact thing so
that we so the president tweeted that
China might be waiting for Biden now the
thinking here is if China is not trying
to stall
why not is China
stupid China's not stupid
you can say all you want about China
taking you know intellectual property
and you know you say what you will
negative about China and I certainly do
especially about fentanyl you can say a
lot that's negative about China but do
you see anybody calling them stupid have
you ever seen the president say China is
stupid no and do you think the president
would hold back if he thought China was
stupid no no this president would tell
you if he thought they were stupid and I
have not seen anybody on either side
anybody in the world suggest that China
is stupid now we the President does say
that bad Biden there is some suggestion
that Biden who would be soft on China
relative to trump now given that there
are two things
timing-wise that are important number
one China knows that President Trump
needs to deliver a trade deal and they
know that 2020 is getting closer
how much does Trump want a trade deal as
you get closer to the election oh he
wants it closer you get to the election
the more Trump needs a deal or they
could just wait if Trump loses and what
would try to be doing to the stock
market while the election is getting
closer well if they resist on the trade
deal the stock market's gonna take a
 the stock market is gonna go down
well happens if the stock market goes
down as we're approaching 2020 in the
election very bad for Trump
so China knows the timing and
deal-making are inexorably connected you
see President Trump do the same
technique all the time you have to make
sure that time is on your side
the
president has lost that advantage all
right the president has lost the
advantage of time that's a big deal
he lost the advantage of time on the
biggest negotiation that the United
States has probably been involved in
that wasn't wasn't military he lost the
advantage of time China knows that China
again very smart so why would you expect
China to agree to a deal in the next two
years the only way the China would agree
to a deal in the next two years as if
China is stupid or they get a really
good deal so the president is trapped he
can either give no deal to China and run
into the election with no deal very bad
or he can give he could promise he's
working on it
but since we don't have a deal the stock
market's going to be suppressed it's bad
bad for the president if he does make a
deal
he's going to have to make a deal that
he doesn't want to make and people are
gonna notice and then he's the bad deal
maker so Brett so China has boxed the
president in really well you know and
keep in mind you know I tried to be
objective when the president has a win I
try to be objective when he doesn't in
this case he doesn't China just got the
upper hand they can play for time and
they can say well you know maybe we get
Joe Biden maybe we get some kind of
impeachment or maybe the legal process
you know puts the president in trouble
maybe the president is so desperate for
a deal we just wait or six months from
the election and we get the deal we want
so at the moment
China has complete upper hand and they
know it
because that's obviously why they they
pulled everything out of the deal
they basically completely reversed
everything they negotiated because they
probably think they don't need to
somebody says there's still 18 months to
election really there's a year in which
this China thing needs to get figured
out because if it gets close to the end
they're not going to make a deal in the
last six months unless it's a pro China
deal which Trump can't do and still get
elected so here's the question I ask
myself why do we need a trade deal with
China did you ever ask yourself that why
do we assume that we need a trade deal
why can't we just put tariffs on
anything we put want to put tariffs on
and I just let the market sort it out
why do we why do we even allow our US
companies to deal with Chinese companies
who by contract and and bison by the
situation are gonna steal their
technology why not just ban it now of
course you would have you know major
industries in this country that would
just take it in the shorts how about you
just face it in say we'll give it will
increase your tariffs by two percent a
year until we get 25 percent because
that'll give American companies time to
adjust find other markets maybe we can
maybe we can use those tariffs to
directly subsidize them I don't really
understand why we need a deal and the
president is is starting to suggest
something similar because he keeps
saying hey we'll just take you know
we'll just take these tariffs stuffie I
think he said China has made a hundred
billion in tariffs I don't know if that
numbers real but the point is do we need
a deal why don't we just not deal with
them in places that are unfair and
charge massive tariffs in other places I
just don't know why we need a deal at
all
so here's a topic I was talking about
the other day that I had a little
insight into but maybe and I couldn't
figure out a way through it I've been
asking why is it that the US and Russia
are let's say not enemies but they're
each other's nemesis and I was saying
what the world would make those two
countries want to feel like we're at war
footing or we're poking each other with
with our clandestine operations etc just
why well you know why Russia and why are
we not doing it to France now I
understand it's happening and I
understand the Russia does bad things
and I'm sure we do things some things to
them but I came to one realization that
just made me think oh I get it now
yeah I want to see it in the comments
before I say it does anybody in the
comments know why Russia would not want
to be exactly friends with the United
States here's here's my best guess
Russia has two industries that are not
lame most of their industries are
pathetic but they have energy oil etc
now it can't be good for Russia in terms
of their oil business to be at odds with
the United States because it feels like
you know maybe that's it seems like they
could sell more oil if they were just
friendly with everybody right so I
thought oil is probably not the the
answer Boyle might be part of it
but it just seems to me that Russia
would sell a lot more oil if they just
decided to be everybody's friend who
sells more oil than people who are not
your enemies right well you know maybe
there we go
somebody somebody got the right answer
in the comments armaments weapons the
other major industry for Russia is
weapons and they sell them to all the
countries that don't buy them from the
United States or we won't sell them to
the United States the the Russian
government I've come to understand
should be seen more like a criminal
organization that just as a government
as it as a structure and with Putin the
head of the criminal organization
because you assume that these two major
industries you have to assume that both
the defense and the energy industry are
really just funneling money into Putin's
bank accounts one way or the other I
think that's fair to say so let me ask
you this what would happen if Russia
decided to be friends with everybody
well suddenly they wouldn't have as much
market for the primary thing that their
economy sells other than oil which is
weapons they need an unstable world
somebody says ah that is a lie Scott I
don't know which part you're saying is
lie but if you want to fact-check me
please do so I'm open to any kind of
fact jacking I'm just feeling my way
around this topic so I'm not going to
make any claim that everything they say
is right it feels to me like there's no
way past the fact that Putin is a crime
boss who happens to own a country and
weapons are their second biggest
industry and they're not going to give
it up and the worst thing for that
industry it would be a peaceful world so
I have to think that if we can't figure
out with some way to get past the fact
that the Russia arms industry is their
second biggest thing and they don't want
a peaceful world and then hey I don't
know how you can get past that so if
anybody has a suggestion I've never
heard one in fact I've never even heard
it discussed
have you heard anybody frame it the way
I just framed it
yeah and somebody's saying is no
difference between that and the US
military industrial complex and I think
that's true it seems that there are two
competing arms industries who's the last
thing they want is anything that looks
like peace so
dude to stalk about so there was a
report in some sub publication they said
45% of trumps campaign donations came
for a moment forty five percent
apparently that's much higher than when
he ran for president I think it was
twenty nine percent
so going from twenty nine to forty five
percent that's a big big jump and the
way there the way it was reported is
that he had the fourth best percentage
of of contributions from women right so
if you saw that because they're looking
at all the Democrats so they're saying
that of all the candidates Trump and all
the Democrats Trump is in fourth place
in terms of getting money donated from
women well that's one way to look at it
here's the here's the other way to look
at it
Trump was the number one male candidate
in terms of female donations in other
words the only three people who beat
Trump for donations were the three three
top female candidates on the Democrat
side from Alerus Kristin Gillibrand and
was it Warren I forget who it was but
there were three three candidates who
were women who were ahead of him Trump
is the highest male getter of female
contributions in percentage-wise
that would have been the way to report
it but you have to dig that n of the
numbers to know that among men he's
number one to say that women contribute
more to female candidates is not really
saying a lot
you just sort of expect that but to say
that of all the other men women are
preferring or at least in terms of their
pocketbooks they're preferring Trump
above the other men in terms of the done
in terms of
you know donations all right um and I'm
just looking at my notes here and see if
I talked about it
oh uh Monmouth Monmouth University
released a poll
I think rush limbaugh talked about this
it says that only 10% of Americans have
a positive view of socialism and so I
guess the idea is like oh you know the
socialist candidates don't have a chance
but I would caution you about that
because it's only it's only the
conservatives and Republicans who call
what the Democrats are doing socialism
now I'm exaggerating it's not only them
but there are no there are no socialist
candidates that's just something that
that the people on the right say no none
of the Democrats are socialists per se
they would like more socialist stuff
within a capitalist system now they
would like the capitalist to pay for you
know healthcare and education them you
bi and stuff but there is nobody as far
as I can tell who's running for
president who wants full socialism even
Bernie alright if you're saying that
Bernie is a socialist you're buying into
the Republican conservative brainwashing
Bernie likes capitalism with some social
safety nets and that's very clear
there's I don't believe Bernie has at
least in his running for president life
has never suggested an end of capitalism
except in those categories where you
would like some more fairness now I'm
not supporting supporting those views
I've often said I've left at Bernie
except I'm better at math and the math
is hard to work for the things that the
Bernie wants so I tend to think the
capitalism can deliver what socialism
promises but if you get if you find
yourself getting half
the only 10% of Americans have a
positive view of socialism keep in mind
that they don't think the Democrats are
socialists it's a completely irrelevant
fact it feels like it's a kill shot you
look at me only ten percent like
socialism the president's gonna clean
the field with all these socialists well
first of all it might be you know it
could be Biden and it could be Kamala
Harris and I'm not sure how socialist
they really are when it comes down to it
but I wouldn't be too happy because most
of the public doesn't see what they're
doing as socialism it just sees some
elements of socialism in a capitalist
system all right I think that's all I
was going to talk about did I miss
anything
oh did I mention North Korea yes I sew
one report in Newsweek that North Korea
may be prepping for another nuclear test
and I read it and I just thought oh god
you can't trust anything in the news you
know unless I see that on both sides of
the news I just I'm just not going to
believe it's true somebody says it's a
kill shot the Democrats love huge
government nope that's the worst
persuasion ever because Democrats are
kind of okay with a big government we
have the big government they they
recognize the benefits it's you know
saying that Democrats like big
government that's empty has no
persuasive power whatsoever yeah so
these Newsweek reported that about North
Korea and I guess I'm just gonna wait to
see if any of that's true I don't even
want to comment on it because the
credibility in the press is so long it's
so low at this point that you can't even
treat it like it's true so I would
remind you again that oh let's talk
about all the bannings so every day it
seems we wake up to a new person being
banned and I really struggle with how to
deal with this
because I don't want to you know on one
hand I want to support free speech and
all of its ways on the other hand you
know the social networks do have some
responsibility for getting rid of the
worst of the worst you know if there
were if there were big active you know
pro-nazi people on social media would
you really be against banning them you
know if there were more of an Isis
recruiting element on social media do
you do you really want them to have
complete free speech some of you do and
and I would respect that if you said yes
I would I would give Isis complete free
speech on social media I can respect
that but you can also see that
reasonable people might want to not do
that so I'm trying to be not the
automatically go to one side or the
other and as I'm watching people get
banned I'm feeling like there needs to
be some kind of line because everybody's
worried about the slippery slope if the
only thing that ever happened were 20
personalities on the right were banned
from social media would it make any
difference if you imagined that the the
banning of the conservative right
leaning you know dangerous voices
whether it's Alex Jones or anybody else
if you imagine that they got say the top
20 or 50 of the ones that have some
argument whether you agree with it or
not but there's some argument that
they've crossed the line would it make
any difference to you it would make a
big difference to those people and I
think there should be some kind of
mechanism should be some kind of
mechanism for you know a check on that
I'd love to see some kind of a legal
process where people can appeal their
suspensions so I think that just has to
happen you the government needs to force
it if the social media companies can't
can't work out some kind of an
arbitration thing that gives people a
second chance
some kind of an amnesty thing where
maybe you have a timeout maybe you get
your account back but maybe it's more
controlled than it was before it should
be some kind of a second-chance act for
social media and we just did this first
step act for real present and the idea
was that you'd rather rehabilitate
people then to keep them you know in a
permanent underclass so why not have
something like that for social media but
I ask you this question is it really
gonna matter to your life or anybody
else's if the total number of people who
were ever banned is 20 to 50 I just
don't know that it makes any difference
now again you look that could be good
reasons you like to have a process where
they could work it out but there's
probably some kind of middle ground here
that's gonna work pretty well so but let
me say that there needs to be a red line
so each of you need to have in your mind
what a red line would look like like who
who do you know there's a little bit
edgy a little bit edgy but if they got
banned you would say that's it for me
that's that's my red line if if you ban
somebody who's that harmless you know
it's one thing it's one thing to ban
Alex Jones because there's nobody really
like Alex Jones and by the way I don't I
don't think he should be banned because
the things they accuse him of or either
well I don't want to get into it but the
point is that he doesn't seem like the
dangerous type to me as long as you know
there's opposing opinions that can
balance things out but do you have in
your mind a person who is the line too
far who is that person if you say me I
don't quite think you know I think I'm
so far down the list of people who are
likely to be banned
Tim Poole there's a good one
because Tim Poole is an independent
Tucker Tucker I don't even know if he
runs his own Twitter so I'm not sure
that Tucker has anything but corporate
people or assistance during his social
media I don't really know the situation
there but I doubt he would get banned so
people are saying James Woods yeah I
think the James Woods situation is a
perfect test case for why there should
be arbitration because there was a
reason apparently for James Woods
getting banned there was a specific
thing he did which reasonable people
could look at and say oh my god that's
too far
what other reasonable people could look
at and say um this is just a movie
reference nobody's hanging anybody so I
always say that's the perfect case of
somebody who maybe gets a little warning
guess a little arbitration gets back on
the system that that's exactly what
should happen with with James Woods now
I do think that saying things like
people should be hung on the other team
is something you should do less of
because it is a call to violence even if
you didn't intend it and I am sure that
James Woods did not mean the actual
violence outside of the legal system I'm
sure he was not recommending any actual
violence but could people see it that
way could people who follow him say
idols I think he means it literally is
there any of his many many followers who
would have looked at and hanging them
all and thought to themselves just any
of them you know five percent two
percent would any of them look at that
and say yeah I'm gonna buy me a rope
start hanging some people yes the answer
is yes so if you're okay with that free
speech and all I think you could be okay
with it we have to know there's a price
stop pretending the purges are not
intentional am i pretending the purges
are not intentional I mean there's
there's no question that there's more of
it on one side so I don't think
anybody's I don't believe anybody thinks
that it's balanced so I'm certainly not
going to argue that whatever they're
doing to people on the left is balanced
by other extremists on the left I'm not
seeing any evidence of that you know
that throwing in throwing in one was
named Farrakhan throwing in Farrakhan
that certainly helps their argument but
he's just one guy sticks mind reading
much am i no leaves and hanging anything
right Joe Rogan Nolte Ben Shapiro yeah I
mean there would be one if you saw Ben
Shapiro get banned on social media that
would definitely be too far that would
be way too far
so anyway keep in your mind I would say
it would be useful to hold in your mind
some real people who if they were to get
banned and you were to look at their
activities and it wasn't it wasn't the
worst thing in the world that he would
say to yourself this is too far
somebody's saying Crowder I don't really
know
Crowder's content entirely I've only
I've seen a few clips and stuff so I
don't have an opinion on him but that
might in your case that might be your
read luck all right the word hang makes
it not a real threat well I'm gonna say
what I say on a fairly regular basis if
you take a hundred Americans and show
them any message you're not going to get
a hundred opinions on the same same side
it doesn't matter what you show to a
hundred America
they're gonna interpret some of that
molds or predict differently so it
doesn't matter that 98% would hear the
phrase hang them high and just know it's
hyperbole you're worried about the two
and that's real people could be
influenced that way they banded David
Horowitz but I believe they reversed
that ban as a mistake
Candace Owens
yeah if Candace Owens got banned that
would be too far
Stefan Stefan is right on that edge
has he been banned before Jordan
Peterson I don't think there's any risk
in being banned but that would
definitely be too far sticks I don't
know enough of this content to have an
opinion on that but I don't know him to
be provocative in a way that he would
get banned all right so somebody says
we're already past the line I think we
are with James Woods so we're definitely
past the line but we're also in the fog
of war does anybody know if James Woods
is permanently banned is he permanently
banned or is he just on some kind of
suspension because if it's just a
suspension I just don't feel the same
about it I just I just can't get worked
up about a 30-day suspension for a
reason that would make him and other
people say oh maybe I won't use language
like let's shoot them all you know maybe
I shouldn't use language like hang them
or firing squad because somebody might
misunderstand it I know
so does it does anybody know the answer
to that question so is Kathy Griffin
band well here's the thing if you were
if you were by trade a comedian and
you're making sort of an Isis reference
by showing a severed head as
inappropriate as there was it's pretty
obvious that was a joke now could you
put that in the same category as James
Woods saying hang them I think so I
think that would be a reasonably good
test to see if if there's something
balanced happening Donald Trump jr. yeah
if they if they banned if Twitter banned
Donald Trump jr. I think the world would
explode yeah talk about a line too far
that would really be a line too far I
mean that I mean I there aren't too many
things that would get me in the street
but that might Scout provocative cannot
be a reason you know this yes I do
but provocative and inciting danger
inciting violence are very different
Nick Monroe I don't know what content
got banned so I guess the problem is
that we never quite know what the
content is that's getting people banned
or is it the in Twitter's case they talk
about the the activity not the not the
content and we never really know so we
as observers never quite know all right
Rosanna it suppresses free speech to
suspend people yeah of course it does
yeah nobody's arguing that social media
is a place for a free speech are they I
don't think anybody's arguing that
complete free speech well let me ask you
this if there were a robust Nazi Party
in another country would we would we
first of all allow them to immigrate I
don't I don't know that we would so
certainly thought crimes and opinion
crimes are real things that we do treat
us seriously
it's not that you should be banned it's
that our there's to be a ban yeah I
think the the Kathy Griffin example is
completely valid if you could explain to
me the difference between Kathy
Griffin's tweet and James Woods tweet
that would be interesting but there
could be a very simple explanation would
you like to hear it the very simple
explanation for why Kathy Griffin would
be treated differently than James Woods
is that Kathy Griffin's happened when
the standard was different it seems to
me that the social media companies are
intentionally tightening the standards
so you should peep you should see people
who are doing things more recently get
banned but you probably will never see
somebody who did something
three years ago get banned norm do you
really want that to happen so you could
certainly say what's you know why do you
allow a Kathy Griffin but not allow a
James Woods but you have to account for
the fact that one happened a while ago
and and and the social media companies
are quite they're quite visible about
the fact that they're playing with their
their algorithms for deciding who's
bandar now so we know that they're
experimenting with that they're
tightening it up they're trying to get
rid of the unhealthy language so you
should expect more bands today and then
you saw three years ago so that part
doesn't tell you anything all right
[Music]
Nazis are specifically banned
interesting congressperson Omar
what would be an example of something
that anything Omar said that made that
created danger you know it's it's sort
of a sort of a risky business to say
that anti-israel propaganda or even
pro-israel propaganda are
violence I don't know that you can ever
slice that fight enough to have a rule
that you can live with because anything
that is either pro or anti Israel
promotes violence am I wrong
if you said something bad about Israel
you might be promoting violence against
Jews if you say something positive about
Israel somebody's going to say you're
promoting violence against the
Palestinians so I don't know that you
could ever enforce anything about
criticism about countries somebody says
why do you not like Nazis but are okay
with Muslim beliefs that hurt and kill
women
did I say anything that sounded like
that I didn't say anything that sounded
like that I am against well let me let
me give you some context I believe that
ideas in some cases could reasonably be
treated like infections meaning that
there are some ideas that are not like
other ideas some ideas are infections
meaning that they're going to spread to
other people and cause them to act in
ways that are bad for somebody's health
that's what an infection is infection
can spread to other people and it can
cause outcomes that are bad for people's
health so we would easily quarantine a
large group of people who do not have an
infection just to make sure that nobody
with the infection gets through the
so-called ban on the various countries
that don't have good records that are
mostly but not entirely Muslim countries
is because we're treating it like a
health problem there there are people
within that group and we don't know
which ones who are likely to have ideas
that are infectious and dangerous to
health so in that case much like the
Nazi ban because you you don't know
which let me put it this way if there
were a nation of Nazis
there would almost certainly almost
certainly how do I say this without
getting quoted in the context I'll give
it some context if you had a nation of
complete Nazis people were literally
signed up and wore the Nazi uniforms and
everything you could guarantee that some
percentage of them are just playing
along and don't like Nazis at all right
so you would also keep all of the man in
the country because you can't tell if
it's a country of Nazis you can say all
right the whole country can't come in
because I don't know how to sort the the
ones who're just playing along because
they would be killed in their own
country they don't believe any of this
any of this philosophy but they're just
pretending they're just wearing the
outfits carrying the flags because
they'll be killed if they don't you
couldn't sort them out so you would have
to as a practical matter treat it like a
health problem you would quarantine the
entire category unfairly you would
absolutely be discriminating against
people who did not have bad intentions
but we're in a bad situation or a bad
category and the president has made the
same kind of health-related decision
about several countries where we can't
check the health of the people coming in
and when I mean health I mean do they
have the mental ideas that are both
infectious and dangerous to other
people's health and radical Islamic
philosophies would be infectious and
they would be dangerous to people's
health so if you can't tell which one is
the group has that you know luckily we
don't have to ban all Muslims from all
countries which would be far worse but
there are some countries where we just
can't sort out the good ones from the
bad ones with any reliable accuracy all
right
that's all I got to say I'm babbling at
this point I'm gonna go do something
else and I will talk to you later