oh hey Jennifer company 20/20
come on in here good to see all of you
Erica always a pleasure
do you have your copy of loser think yet
it's Christmas season and this is the
perfect book for reading and giving away
so make sure you get yours because
everybody's talking about it hmm
you might wonder why you're here it's
because today is black coffee Friday you
don't have to have black coffee but it's
delicious join me now for the
simultaneous M all you need is a cup or
a mug or glasses and if there's time
chalice Tigra thermos last canteen Grail
goblet vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
get ready for the dopamine the end of
the day the thing that makes everything
better this simultaneous sip go oh yes
it's always good why do I act surprised
thank you for buying my book and
Jonah well let's talk about what's in
the news as you may have know last week
Rasmussen had a poll showing that
President Trump had 34% or so support
from African Americans and people like
me said well that's not true I saw that
poll and the first thing I thought was
yeah how did he ask that question and
then an emerson poll came out soon after
asking the same question and getting
same answer
33 34 % support for President Trump
among African
arrogance and I thought to myself what
are the odds that there would be two
poles that would get the same result
yesterday there was a third three poles
three different companies have all found
unprecedented support for President
Trump by african-americans now does that
translate into votes some of it
but we don't know now are you surprised
that the president has spent three years
fighting to reduce immigration primarily
for the benefit of the african-american
population as well as others but there's
a bigger bigger impact and you're doing
a prison reform and lowering
unemployment and helping the
historically black colleges and having
Opportunity Zones I don't know this
might be real if it turns out that it's
real that the president has a third of
the support from the african-american
communities I think Candace Owens needs
some kind of a Nobel Peace Prize I don't
think they give Nobel Peace Prizes for
domestic politics but Candace Owens as
James things I mean lots of other people
are involved but she's probably the most
effective effective let's say advocate
for the president all right so a weird
and unusual and wonderful thing happened
in Hong Kong where most of the situation
is dire and terrible but after President
Trump signed the legislation that was
overwhelmingly passed by Congress there
were two bills that were sort of putting
some pressure on China for what's
happening in Hong Kong I guess one put
some pressure on the individuals or
involved in other limits the Li I guess
limits the things that we sell to the
police force
now neither of those things has much
impact you know China is not going to be
too influenced by those tiny little
bills signed in America but they don't
like it they don't like it at all and
what was interesting is that the Hong
Kong protesters gathered on Thanksgiving
which is not their Thanksgiving
obviously it's our Thanksgiving with
American flags and big posters of that
beam of president Trump's head
photoshopped onto the body of a muscular
boxer that's actually sliced alone and
they're there holding up the the poster
as sort of a showing the power of
President Trump and I don't know about
you and apparently they were they were
singing the national anthem or something
and I watched some of that coverage just
you know the photographs and the
articles and they have to I gotta tell
you I had a strong emotional reaction to
it I don't know if they happen to any of
you but watching people on the literally
the opposite side of the world
what they're basically saying and maybe
I'm reading too much into it
so just tell me if you agree I think
what they're saying is that their only
hope is President Trump now they
wouldn't word it that way I'm sure but
the more I think about this situation
the more I think that there's literally
only one person on the planet that has
any chance should he try to do it of
protecting Hong Kong think about that
there's seven billion people on the
planet or so Hong Kong is in desperate
times
obviously if China gets there you know
their way with Hong Kong a lot of those
protestors their lives are over and they
gathered to say
to wave American flags and show pictures
of our president because I think they
understand he's actually the only person
and of seven billion people he's the
only one who can save them now I don't
even know if he can save them I don't
know if he if it's practical I don't
know if it's good for the country I'm
not saying it's gonna happen but I found
it very powerful that they've they that
they focused on President Trump as their
sort of symbol of hope there's a lot
there it takes a while to sort of
process that thought that the United
States through its electoral process
produced a leader who is the only leader
in the whole world there's nobody else
who could make any difference
realistically who could save them it's
it's a remarkable situation certainly
worth watching now there was a tweet
from an individual who's in the Chinese
government Li Shan Zhou I hope I'm
prevent pronouncing it right zi h AO and
he's the they have big big titles over
there so he's the deputy director
general information Department Ministry
of Foreign Affairs for China and his
profile on Twitter says try my best to
tell the story of China and spread the
voice in China so he's a he's sort of
like one of the spokespeople for China
and he decides to tweet this he said in
Washington talking about Washington DC
and I'm gonna read it the same way it's
written so his English is a little bit
broken so I would just could read it the
way he wrote it he says in Washington
the White seldom go to Southeast area as
it's an area for the black president
Trump even demanded for women lawmakers
of color to leave us and
respect for President Trump us and the
black there
please follow quote America first policy
and take care of racial discrimination
and then it goes on in a thread to talk
about the bad conditions for
african-americans in this country so
their response to us meddling in their
foreign affairs is to interfere with our
election now it's interesting that they
went for this target president Trump is
doing everything he can
that's you know practical to help the
African American community and
apparently the polls are showing that
they're recognizing that we have three
polls now showing yes unparalleled
unprecedented support for a Republican
and China's decided to go after that you
know they see that weakness domestically
there like a Ellis let's stoke that
racial division but is there anything
that's happening in this country that
could be at the moment that could be
compared to what China is doing with
Hong Kong what they're doing with the
Weger splitting with concentration camps
what they're doing with a flume Gong
which is literally murdering them for
parts and selling off their organs is
there anything we're doing in this
country this even slightly slightly as
bad as any of the four whole Holocaust
going on in in China the four are the
weaker is the Fallujah the what the
fence and all they're sending to this
country and then Hong Kong now I'm
calling it a for Holocaust to trap
idiots into debating it now if if I've
taught you anything one of the best ways
to get attention is to be wrong because
when you say something that's just true
it just kind of lays there so well it's
true doesn't have any power but if you
say something provocative that's a
little bit wrong people will pay
attention because they want to tell you
you're wrong
so I've been talking about the four
Chinese Holocaust in progress
and by throwing the Hong Kong into the
mix because they haven't killed a lot of
people yet people to stop and say I
don't know about this Hong Kong is a
fourth Holocaust yeah the other three I
can see the point there but that fourth
one I don't know I don't think that
belongs on the list that's right you
have fallen for my trap so I'll be
saying publicly there are four Holocaust
and letting people debate it it's almost
too easy
alright dr. Robert Epstein you might
remember him he did some testifying in
Congress about Google's potential bias
so now he's operating a study in which
he has a whole bunch of people that are
identified only within the study but not
publicly who are simply using Google and
using regular search terms and stuff and
they're trying to see if they can get
different results over time as the
election approaches than they would on
the other search engines and the
hypothesis here is that if Google
continues to show a bias that is not
present in Bing or Yahoo or Dachau that
that will show something it will show
that Google is intentionally biasing
their search now here's what's
interesting they're definitely going to
find out that but Google is massively
biasing their search then what Google
massively biased their search last
election did that hurt Google in any way
doesn't look like it what would stop
Google from just doing it completely
getting caught and just saying well no
we didn't do that you know you can't
look at our internal stuff we didn't do
that I don't think there's anything to
stop them it looks like it just go ahead
and do it I saw the news today that Jack
Dorsey CEO Twitter you tweeted I think
that he's using DuckDuckGo on his phone
and as his browser because of the
privacy stuff and I just downloaded the
DuckDuckGo app on my phone I was already
using the browser of my computer's but I
thought oh yeah I should I should move
to that on my phone as well so for
privacy reasons and because Google is
really on American on American in the
sense that they're messing with our
elections which is about the most
unamerican thing you could do
I'm also looking into doing some
research on some alternates for YouTube
as you know YouTube is throttling my
content and it's just shrinking instead
of growing even though it's growing in
viewers and shrinking and revenue you
know so obviously there's something
going on there so there are several
platforms on the way and already up and
I'm going to take a look at those and
see which one to move to yeah mines calm
is one rock fin is another and I don't
know the differences between them and
there's at least one startup that I know
of that's coming online as well so there
there's some alternatives to YouTube and
I will be probably selecting one of them
or possibly using all oh yes bid shoot
is the other now there's a problem with
the alternates if you if you go full bit
shoot and you're saying we're not we're
not going to six hammer uses shoot
see the trouble with Bishop is that they
do attract a lot of bad elements I think
what I'm likely to do somebody's
mentioning think spot and I don't know
about think spot is is who what is think
spot is that Jordan
Petersons think I'm gonna look it up
here so I know what I'm talking about
think spot is yeah Jordan Peterson's
thing that is that what he's working on
with Dave Rubin so I'm looking at a
something on medium so there's a blog a
medium that and the title is Jordan
Peterson's think spot is doomed to fail
it's doomed to fail I think people say
that about everything
what about Vimeo I don't know so I think
what I'll do is maybe for 2020 I'll be
looking to put my content on more
platforms and if any of those other
platforms work out well then I just get
off of YouTube but in the meantime I'll
probably just have multiple platforms
there's report that the Kamala Harris
campaign is totally falling apart and I
guess Mike Bloomberg just hired one of
her top campaign advisors as I suspected
you know how I was telling you that that
camel Harris seemed like a talented
politician but I couldn't understand why
her campaign was the worst I've ever
seen the worst just the worst there's no
there's no campaign that's ever been as
bad as Conley Harrison's and I had
speculated that the campaign staff was
bad and I learned at some point I
learned that her sister was a I guess
the chairman chair of the campaign or
something but today I learned it's even
worse than that so indeed Cobble
Harris's sister is a leader of the
campaign but there's a another leader so
the other leader is apparently
associated with the political advising
company that's that brought cobble
Harris to the Senate and got her to this
point so she's got two advisors that are
not on the same page and she can't
really get rid of either one of them
because
one's a sister and one is you know this
political group that got her where she
is now and I guess she's running out of
money and people aren't talking and
coordinating and their message is bad
and their slogans have changed basically
it's just a complete mess now it kind of
highlights the problem with a senator
running for president Dustin do you know
how senators don't do a lot of hiring
and firing yeah they do some but it's
not like running a business
Trump is famous for firing like crazy
he's how many people has Trump fired
fire fire fire
and one of the smartest things I ever
heard this is something that navall says
that that the real talent in hiring and
firing is the firing part because when
you hire people you know they usually
look good on paper maybe they can get
through the interviews but you don't
really know how they're gonna do in your
company you can sort of find out how
they did in their past jobs but you
don't really know how they're gonna do
in your company so the real skill given
that hiring is a lot of guessing the
real skill is firing so if you can do it
quickly and kindly in a way that you
know doesn't make you enemies for life
then you're a good manager so you look
for the firing skill as the real skill
it's it's sort of you know look for the
blank space situation does Trump have
good hiring skills well a lot of people
would say no but that's mostly guessing
right does Trump have good firing skills
well his firing skills were a lot better
than his hiring skills and the firing
skills are more important so table
Harris has apparently no firing skills
because she's got two people in her
campaign that either one of them needs
to be fired or both probably both
but certainly her sister
no doubt about it her sister needs to be
fired I mean that's what it looks like
from a distance
so there's some some talk that Harris
won't even you know make it long enough
to get into the to get into any kind of
a brokered convention because she's
running out of money and she's got no
message no nothing I feel as if I could
fix her whole campaign in like an hour
you know if she spent an hour with me I
feel like I could fix all of that all
she needs is a better message and to
ignore her advisors and just take on her
a better message because she's got
everything else she's got you know the
Democratic Party likes her she's got the
right Democratic thing she's the right
age people are saying don't do it don't
do it
well I don't think you have to worry
about her contacting me for advice I
would say the odds of that was very low
very low somebody's saying why she'll
smoke all your weed somebody said you
don't don't you don't like to lose do
you know I don't like to lose
yeah you know when I predicted that she
would be the the the nominee I don't
think anybody could have predicted it
would be the worst campaign staff in the
history of all campaign staffs I mean I
didn't see that comment so you're right
it is it is tempting for me to want to
fix or just well enough that she can win
the nomination and losing the general I
don't think there's any chance that
Trump's gonna lose in the general
election why are you sideways somebody
asks I'm not so there's something
happening on your end if she can't run
her campaign how could she around the
country well that's a good question
poorly it appears
it's gots the mole so there's not much
news going on at the moment so we're
mostly going to enjoy our four-day
weekend and our simultaneous set do you
think this translates into a promising
presidency now let me let me say as
clearly as possible calmly Harris would
not be a good president and she doesn't
have a chance of beating Trump in the
general election but I did think she'd
do well enough to get the nomination
will Hillary run you know what you know
what's weird is that from the longest
time I'd been thinking that Hillary was
too old but apparently she's actually
kind of young compared to the other
people in the race she's what 71 or
something so Hillary would actually be
one of the youngest people in the race
of the people who would get a lot of
support but I can't imagine her doing it
it just seems too difficult to imagine
because if you were her could you take a
chance of losing again somebody says
down 2% is down 2% or 0.2% there's one
thing I want to check on the stocks
right now it looks like stocks all
turned down yeah a little bit but let me
check oh no what a mine is up all right
so there are two things that are
relative relevant to Bitcoin prices so
Bitcoin went up 6% yesterday and another
3% today if you put them together it's
one of the biggest two days and I don't
know a number of weeks so one of the
things I said about Bitcoin is that if
it's true that what the president says
that they're going to designate the
cartels as as terrorists it could be
that the cartels will have billions of
dollars that they don't have anything
that they can put it into a bank because
the banks just will be out of and a play
so where are they gonna put their money
if you're a cartel and you've got a
billions billions of dollars where are
you gonna put it
I was I was suggesting it might be
Bitcoin now I don't know because I'm not
a drug dealer but I don't think they put
it in any other crypto they might spread
it around a little bit but at the very
least they put some amount in Bitcoin
because they'd have to and then we have
this other news bringing Jack Dorsey
back into it again apparently Jack
Dorsey just spent a number of weeks in
different places in Africa and has
decided he's going to move there for
part of the year so he's gonna spend
substantial time in Africa we don't know
the details but trying to be a positive
force and when talking about that Jack
Dorsey mentioned Bitcoin so Bitcoin in
Africa could be a solution to what
corruption a solution to no banking I
suppose it could be some kind of a
solution so so imagine if Africa goes
Bitcoin and the cartels go Bitcoin and
both of these pieces and news came out
and sure enough Bitcoin is up on the
news I should say that I own I own some
Bitcoin just so you know for full
disclosure I'll also tell you that you
should not make any financial
recommendations based on what
cartoonists say on periscope and this is
not financial advice I am NOT advising
you indeed if you buy any kind of
cryptocurrency doesn't matter which it
is it's not really investing it's more
like guessing so buyer beware
I will tell you one of my investments so
I made the worst investment in the world
a number of years ago by buying the
Turkish
cell phone company so the thought was
that no matter what happens in Turkey
there will probably be more people born
you know it's likely that they'll have a
high birth rate and they'll all need
phones and their cell phone company has
kind of a monopoly there and so a while
ago I bought shares that you can buy in
the United States of the Turkish cell
phone company Turk cell and lately
that's up sharply probably because the
dangers the dangers between the United
States and Turkey seem to have passed in
other words US and Turkey don't look
like they're heading for something bad
at the moment so that's up I do not
recommend anybody buy any of the stocks
that I mentioned or any of the essence
that I mentioned on this periscope I'm
just telling you what I did and I feel I
feel that it's it's necessary to share
with you some of my predictions so it's
very rare for me to buy an individual
stock I did buy Apple individual stock
quite a while ago that's worked out
really well in fact it's the best stock
investment I've ever made I still have
that but don't do what I do because that
would be a bad idea
all right I'm just looking at your why
don't you talk about when done well I
will be talking about went up a little
bit more in fact if your holidays as
your holidays are coming up you might
want to use one of our products called
approach which I've talked about before
so approach allows you to see a little
map and you just send out a link from
the app and you're you can see your
friends on the map or your family
members converging at a point so it's
fun to watch
a variety of people you know coming to
Christmas or coming to an event and if
you use that app which is free you can
you can do an in-app purchase and buy a
little header so that your company will
show and if you're a small business and
you service homes
you probably want this app snapchat has
a feature like that snapchat has snap
map so if you're on snapchat and if
you've shared your location you can see
your friends on a map but that's more of
a where where's alt where are all my
friends at the moment but what this does
is it's a temporary tracking as a timer
so it times out it's just saying see see
the people that you want coming to an
event and they don't have to be on any
service or sign up for anything they
don't even have to have the app out of
the app is called approach by when hub
it's a free app and you just can send
out a link email it or text it and
everybody who hits it can see each other
on the map and if they don't have the
app they can still track a little
browser map so it still works even if
you don't have the app somebody says
it's too invasive well it's it's only
for people who are willing to share
their location when people already know
their location so the the point of it is
that if you've invited somebody to your
house or your friends are all meeting at
the movies or something
they've already shared their location
because you know that they're gonna be
traveling from wherever they are to the
same place so it's just being a little
more specific about something that you
already know where they are they're on
their way to this restaurant they're on
their way to the party if you have a
phone you've already been invaded yeah I
feel like I've kind of given up on any
kind of thoughts about privacy have you
I feel like privacy isn't really a thing
that I need to work
because it's already gone yeah so the
idea is that if you shared your location
of the app you can get rid of all those
text messages and say I'm already in the
restaurant you know I got a table I'm in
the back you know I'll be there late you
don't have to do any of those messages
people the host or anybody else can just
look at the map say uh Thorin looks like
Bob's gonna be late that app approach
could end marriages lol no it couldn't
because it's optional every time every
time you use it and it times out so we
built it so you couldn't track people
permanently you don't have that option
it's just on the way to a meeting all
right I'm just looking at here yeah the
when we have some news on when hub but
I've got a meeting coming up so we'll
wait on that
alright I don't have anything else to
talk about
well Africa become a social justice
Mecca yeah what was the name of the
Turkish cellphone company it's one word
its Turkish cell and the cell part is
like cell phone C elo Turkish cell one
word but I'm not recommending it I'm
just telling you I bought it and so far
it's been a terrible investment so do do
with that what you want all right that's
enough for me I will talk to you all
later after you're done with the all
year shopping