bum-bum-bum-bum-bum hey everybody come
on in here what a horrible horrible day
terrible shooting in New Zealand 47
people so far died from some crazy
monster his name will not be honored
we shall not speak the name of the crazy
killer and even when I see it I make
sure I don't remember her to take note
and I think that's a good idea
so before we get going shall we enjoy
one of life's a few pleasures the
simultaneous it grab your mug your cup
your glass you're spying you're jealous
your thermos fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me for the
simultaneous end well just when you
think CNN could not get any worse
they've grown to a whole new level so as
you know most of you've been following
the drama I've been hammering on CNN for
their fine news fake reporting which is
causing things like the New Zealand
shooting so I'm just gonna say it
directly if if there's somebody who did
a big shooting and it looks like that's
what the The News is reporting that he
was encouraged by his belief that the
president was a white supremacist where
would he have gotten that belief do you
think that the New Zealand shooter got
his belief that the president is a white
supremacist by watching Fox News no Jews
Fox News says the opposite do you think
the New Zealand shooter came to believe
that the president is a white
supremacist because he read breitbart no
because Bray
Bardot's will say that says the opposite
do we think that the shooter came to
that opinion by looking at real news and
and coming to his own judgement no
because nobody does that
the dizzyland shooter didn't do it
nobody on this broadcast did it you
think you did but you didn't we are all
assigned our opinions by the news for
the most part I'm not I'm not sure I'm
exempt from that now the only thing I do
to give myself a little bit of you know
at least hope for independent thought is
that I watch the news sources
continually on both sides so I'm never
I'm never completely in a silo I use the
trick of whatever the whenever the TV
news has a commercial for
pharmaceuticals I switched to the
competing channel and then the competing
channel has that same commercial and I
switch back so I'm so I try to stay out
of the silos and sample them all all the
time now what do I see what I see is
different reporting I see one network
saying one thing and the other networks
saying that thing is not true so when I
look at I go huh
oh no I guess I have to make up my own
mind but suppose you only watch one
network
what will you imagine about President
Trump if you only watch CNN you would
believe he was a white supremacist and
then you might start at manifesto to say
so
and you might feel emboldened to go
shoot up some mosques so I think CNN has
to answer for creating this environment
and primarily they threw the the hoax
that that they report that President
Trump once said this is the hoax not
real that he once said that the
neo-nazis were fine people
that of course never happened one of the
ways that I know that never happened
is this CNN reported it didn't happens
it's actually a still on their new site
so back closer when to when the show is
full of empty originally happened they
have actually accurate reporting and
saying that the fired people quote
referred to people there who were
protesting statues and not referring to
the Dino Nazis who are also protesting
but they had their own deal going on so
amazingly I think in the last 24 hours
CNN has pushed that same fake news at
least three times that I know of I think
may or may be four in 24 hours it's the
worst most divisive unscrupulous
damaging immoral completely immoral fake
news because it's all about damaging the
president and is not about accuracy
because the accuracy is that when he
said they were to find people on both
sides he clarified it completely clearly
and said he was not talking about the
neo-nazis for other people who were
there to protest both sides of the
statute questions now Joel has
another great to follow up to the same
point that I'm making about Zenon's fake
reporting I tweeted that around and you
should definitely read that and it
should be the link that you that you use
when you're responding to people because
what's good about Joel's most recent
story is that it includes a link in it
to CNN CNN's own original reporting
that's the opposite of what they're
saying now so that's sort of the kill
shot for this hoax is to show that CNN
has at one point reported it accurately
and it's still on their website it's not
deleted because it's true probably so so
we're watching a situation and I and I
swear this is true
so last night when I first heard the
words or heard the news about the New
Zealand shooting I heard that somebody
went into actually I just heard that
somebody went into a mosque and shot a
bunch of people the minute I heard that
I said to myself CNN's gonna blame the
president for this how are they going to
do that it's in New Zealand how are they
gonna blame President Trump for this and
sure enough wall-to-wall coverage
blaming President Trump for the problem
that they created so CNN's got this
great business model where they they
create a problem and then they assign
the problem to somebody else and then
they report on how bad that person is
for something that the person didn't do
but rather see it ended CNN creates the
problem assigns it to someone else and
then reports about that other person
being bad that's a good business model
it's totally unethical but it's a good
business follow Skyy you blame CNN for
what happened in New Zealand but
complain when CNN does it to Trump that
comment makes no sense that's a nonsense
just leave your comments right now so we
haven't seen the shooter's manifesto but
some people who some people who have
seen it are reporting that that the guy
was more left than he was right so he
might have been a president Trump fan
because he believes CNN's fake news Wow
would you watch a video of the shooting
yes I would as so so let me let me say
this with some more context I'm quite
happy if the video of the shooting
is grub from the internet and I never
get to see it so so if the the powers
that be decide to just take that video
out of circulation so that there's no
way I could ever see it I would be happy
with that I would support that
but somebody asked the question if I
could see it would i watch it the answer
is yes I would watch it because I don't
know how I could not watch it so if
somebody says don't watch it it's
disgusting if somebody some of you have
seen it over some of you have seen that
I didn't even know that it was available
on the Internet
I just assumed that it was not available
somebody said I did see it it was
horrible yeah I mean I I think it's the
sort of thing that if you can stomach it
and if it's available to watch it's it's
gonna give you a clearer view of how bad
the world is and maybe that's useful so
I don't think I don't think the truth is
always you know something you need to
run from but if it's so bad that it's
gonna damage you for the rest of your
life don't watch it I'm surprised so
many people watching it because I didn't
think it would be easily available I
don't know where you found it where did
you find it to even watch it how could
you how could you watch it lively so the
few sites that still have it all right
it's out there but links are shut down
quickly okay so as soon as it goes up
somebody shutting it in all right well I
don't think I want to talk about that
anymore so let's talk about Beto's hands
I suppose there won't be any news except
this this New Zealand stuff and of
course more fake news about fine people
but the president
got it it's hard to talk about anything
else is that you know I want to talk
about other topics but it just doesn't
feel right
like I wanted to I want to talk about
Beto's hands because that would be funny
but just uh it's just not today
I guess today is not the day too soon
and you know what i I just I just don't
feel like I can enjoy the periscope this
morning so I think I'm gonna I'm kind of
can we cut it off short because you know
when there's news like this that's just
this bad it just doesn't feel right
talking about anything else for a while
you know we just have to sort of let
this sink in a little bit well you know
marinated it a little bit and you know
see if we can figure out a way to a
better world
all right so I'm gonna I just don't want
to talk about anything fun today it just
feels inappropriate so I'm just gonna
make it short today and I will talk to
you later