bum bum bum bum bum bum hey everybody
come on in it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams the best part of the day
every single time and this will be no
exception today we've got a special
guest that didn't work yesterday but I
think I have my technical issues worked
out and well we'll bring her on in a
moment but first you know what happens
first I think you do it's called the
simultaneous hip what do you need to do
it not much a cover of mercury glass
attack hotels are staying in a canteen
sugar flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
enjoyed me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous sip and it
happens now go hmm
well with no further ado let me see if I
can bring on my guest Carson and watch
the technology work perfectly Carson a
there I can yay all right so this is I'm
pretty sure they get if I can they can
this is this is Carson Griffith and
you've got a story that I know my
audience would like to hear and let me
let me just set you up with this
question and then give us give us the
lay of the land and the question is who
are you suing and why go ok well this
can be a long answer a short answer so
I'll try to keep it short yeah give us
the overview first I will dig down a
little bit okay so I'm suing the Daily
Beast for defamation specifically
because they accused me of being racist
homophobic and transphobic that's the
trifecta okay and they accused you that
based on what evidence according to them
so the writer name's Maxwell tawny his
main source was a former employee of
mine who is also his long
time very best friend okay
so there was some personal connection
there and who made the accusation and
was there any evidence that they offered
yeah so the accusation was made by two
of my former employees and I used that
word loosely because they worked for me
for nine days that's the worst employees
ever all right and what evidence did
they offer of your awfulness they gave
some slap conversations and then also
just stories that they told him and and
were the stories or the conversations
real take it out of context how accurate
were there were their allegations so
that's the thing the defamation I'm not
just this isn't a lawsuit Scott as you
know I was I'm not quite sure if I'm
saying I was a journalist where I am a
journalist at this point you know how
that goes you know but that was my
career for 11 years so I definitely know
ethical journalism practices this isn't
just me being like hey guys I'm mad that
they wrote a mean article about me so
I'm going to sue them this is an article
that is definitely not just unethical
journalism practices it is actual
defamation and we know that because they
could have they could have wrote a
similar article which which has still
been quite weird because I'm a private
citizen and included 50% of the
information but it would have been not
defamation so what gives us the example
of what they said that was based on a
fact that is defamation um for instance
one of the one of the girls in the
article said that in the interview I did
with her she said I don't have it right
in front of me she said oh I claimed her
name's Anna Breslaw that I said during
her job interview process
oh I have a snack in my pocket from the
office that's so poor person of me which
she said that was supposed to be an
elitist classics comment and I never
made that comment they also try to get
me on classism was you know they tried
to paint a full full rounded picture of
me and not only did I never make that
comment they didn't have a second source
for it it was my word vers hers and my
my point was you know you never called
me for comment on this article and also
why would you take the job if I said
that during a job interview
now the you're talking about that this
is the daily beast writing about you
correct yes it's the daily beast
so I mean kind of kind of to bring it
back at let me let me just connect a
couple of dots because my audience heard
yesterday about Van Jones talking about
The Daily Beast writing a story about
him meeting with the President on the on
the crime bill and Van Jones said nope
it was never even in the building wasn't
it wasn't in the meetings wasn't
physically there none of it happened so
The Daily Beast we do know literally
just make stuff up now you've got an
employee who literally just made up a
quote which they ran with right can you
give us a couple more examples because
the examples are what brings that to
life
yeah sure so there were a bunch of
different things they provided some
slack conversations for the article and
said here are some things that she said
that we found offensive well one of
those things was I asked them if an
interviewee was a girl or a boy who they
wanted me to meet with the interviewees
name was Pilate okay they said Pilate is
non binary Pilate used to be a she but
now goes by they/them pronouns okay and
I said okay I think he told me that but
I wasn't sure thanks and they said
because when I asked the question I said
lol is Pilate a girl or a boy the lol
applied to something I said previously
but because I put the ello
first I had never seen this person that
I am transphobic so the the usual the
mind reader approach which is even
though it's clearly the lol applied to
the prior comment which was not about
this we think that's what she was
thinking alright so so basically the the
quality of the complaints would you say
those two examples are indicative either
didn't happen or they just read
something out of context that sort of
thing yeah I mean if if you go through
the whole thing but it's like one
situation after another but to go back
to I mean Scott on top of it to really
frame the situation they work from for
me for nine days but to build up who
they are as people when their anger I'm
not sure if you told your audience this
but for some backstory I was hired in
November 2018 to revamp the website
Gawker so when I say the word Gawker
most people presume this means I worked
at even briefly the tabs the tabloid
website related to the Hulk Hogan
scandal but that was totally different
that website was ran into the ground but
the man who bought the bones at that
site one turret was erected into
something still culturally observant and
witty but not downright vicious and
petty so like a new Gawker but so I left
my job at Conde Nast but unfortunately a
lot of people weren't happy with this
and that I was that at Oriel director
because not that these are synonyms but
I wasn't public enough I wasn't
performative Lee woke enough I wasn't
neat enough so it wasn't like that old
Gawker
but here I worked at Gawker great yeah
you think that's what I was no dude do
you identify as being left or right or
supporting anybody in particular you
know I always say that my cherry-pick my
my political views you know but the
thing is that they got mad about was
when all these people heard that I was
the person who was supposed to run the
new Gawker they started digging in my
digital trash to go find things that I
used to say or like you know my old
tweets my old and the website called
splinter dug up that I am
I registered Republican in 2008 and you
would have thought that I had shot
someone on the street they were so upset
there we go there we go right so the so
the real problem is they thought you
were a closeted Republican and they were
looking for every every excuse to get
you out of there so you were you were
basically you know excised for being
potentially a little bit too open-minded
about the right would you say I mean
exactly and I mean if they had really
dug around they would have you know also
seen that I was probably just very
open-minded which i think is a great
great quality in a journalist in general
I mean Scott you know that as well right
all right so let's get to the the heart
of the matter so so The Daily Beast has
what's the word you used slander
defamation is what what we're suing them
for particularly good I'm suing the
Daily Beast they're editor-in-chief no
saxman the writer Maxwell tawny who
wrote the article Noah Chapman is
actually the one when you were speaking
about Van Jones who Van Jones and Noah
Sackman went at each other on Twitter
the other night and then I'm also suing
my former employee Maya kosis who was
the sort of the name source for the
story all right
all right well good luck with that so so
that's sort of a cautionary tale and I'm
gonna use your story I'm gonna let you
go here in a moment but I'm gonna use
that to launch into some other stuff I
want to talk about that that kind of
tells the same story is there anything
we we missed that you want to add on to
this um no I think it's just you know
these people were unhappy with having me
as their employer as you know and they
were trying to find everything they can
and they then they went to the Daily
Beast to use that as their advantage
their connection so I think a lot of
what you talked about so so even being
suspected as being a trump supporter
cost you your job would that be a fair
statement yeah presumed trump supporter
caught well eventually it cost me my job
yet yeah and and yeah and presumed
there's there's no specific evidence of
that just said I love Trump from 2010
okay care what your it was yeah 2010
before before I even ran alright well so
that tells you where we're at so Carson
thank you for telling us your story and
a good luck with your suit alright
bye-bye
alright so that sort of tells you where
we are I tweeted this morning
provocatively and I know that's why some
of you are here that if Joe Biden gets
elected that there's a good chance
you'll be dead within a year now do you
recognize that technique what does that
sound like who are you reminded of or
what persuasion does it remind you of
when I say that if Biden is elected
there's a good chance you'll be dead
within a year does this sound familiar
it should sound familiar
it's a o'seas play about climate change
yes some of you got it in the in the
comments so I just took a overseas play
now when you heard aoc say you'll be
dead in 12 years or some version of that
what happened to your brain your brain
just caught on fire didn't it like that
can't be true
you know you're lying and then other
people their brains caught on fire
because they thought it was true so the
genius of what AFC said was your your
brain would catch on fire if you thought
it was true or if you thought it wasn't
true just different reasons so you can't
look away when somebody says something
like that now what is missing from this
presidential election there's something
missing and you don't realize it until I
tell you what it is fear fear because
fear is the strongest motivator when
President Trump was running for office
he used a lot of fear persuasion now you
could argue that that
you know the the morality of it but I
would say that if the fear is a real one
then its moral to bring it up it would
be quite Ithaca to say there's a real
fear and you got to worry about this it
would be unethical and immoral to just
invent a fear that wasn't real and try
to manipulate people with a fake fear
but if it's real a leader has a
responsibility to to address that of
course so the president would talk about
immigration and that was a risk and all
the crime that might come with
immigration of course you got call the
races for that but in terms of fear
persuasion it was pretty strong and I
don't see the president using any fear
persuasion this time do you not really
he's really being sort of he sort of
disappeared I mean we've got baseman
Biden and and Trump is sort of pulled
back a little bit from the the limelight
now how does Trump get elected if things
just sort of go the way they go you know
who know who knows how many bumps we're
going to have between now and election
days there'll be lots of surprises I'm
sure but I would at least put these two
visions of the world in your head number
one let's say Trump wins if Trump wins
things will look a lot like they look
now you know you'll have the same
divisions the same enemies the stock
market will improve China will still be
a problem etc so you kind of know what
that world looks like because it looks a
lot like today but maybe we get past
coronavirus and the economy gets better
so you've got sort of an image what that
looks like does it look great you know
maybe maybe not now compare that to
another view and it looks like this you
get a Joe Biden presidency let's just
play it out what happens
if you get a Joe Biden presidency does
that mean that there protesters and
antiphon and black lives matter will say
some version of this yay we got what we
want now that our people are in charge
we'll get some legislation going will
really make some progress do you think
that's what an tyfa and black lives
matter the leadership not not the
individual people who support individual
stuff but the leadership do you think
that they're gonna say yay fighting a
Biden presidency we got it no no they're
not on the side of the Democrats anti
fuzz not on the side of the Democrats
they're not an FA side black lives
matter at least in terms of the
leadership it doesn't look like they
want solutions if the protesters wanted
solutions the protests would already be
over because the Tim Scott offered a
bill with 70% of what people wanted with
the complete invitation to bring in
amendments to add or adjust supposing
you had the support in the Congress to
add or adjust as much as made sense on
that bill in other words the door was
completely open to negotiate a
bipartisan bill and the Democrats said
no thanks no thanks so it's obvious that
the Democratic leadership doesn't want
to solve it
black lives matter doesn't want to solve
it leadership the people do you know
regular people of course was solutions
but not the leadership the empty Fahd
they don't want anything they just want
destruction so they're not looking for
solutions whatsoever so Biden becomes
president just game this out what
happens well the protests should be
going on just the same way they are
because it's not based on Trump it's not
based on who's president they don't care
that just doesn't have anything to do
with anything
Biden would still be the president of
the system they need to destroy black
lives matter wants to tear it down to
build a more a better system from
scratch
and if I just once it all torn down to
do whatever it's not clear so if you get
Biden you still get the protests but
what's the difference the difference of
course is that the more Democrats are in
control because their base will require
it they will be pulling back from
supporting the police what will the
police do when they have less support
and more risk you don't have to gasp
because you can see it happening right
now
you see the police retiring they're
calling in sick there they're stepping
back from active enforcement and only
doing the essentials and crime is
skyrocketing so under a Biden presidency
some things that you could be sure would
happen would be that the protests would
get Ana control and the police would be
taken off the field now if you take the
police off the field what stops the
protests nothing nothing it just gives
worse but more importantly I think that
the Republicans and the people who had
ever supported Trump and I would be on
that list I believe that we will be
hunted I think there will be hunted now
if you don't think that remember the
story I just told
so Carson Griffith lost her job as she
tells the story entirely because
somebody imagined that she was a trump
supporter when in fact she had one tweet
long before he ran for president
that's that long before he ran for
president and some other social media
thing that was sort of ambiguous I
forget and that was enough for her to
lose her job she lost her job over the
suggestion that she might possibly be a
little bit friendly to Trump without any
direct evidence so that was so ever so
do you think that Republicans can keep
their jobs in a Democrat dominated world
probably not probably not so I think
you're gonna see something like anti
Farr running wild you would see you
would see the Republicans arm themselves
you see lots of bloodshed and you could
see something closer to a revolution
because Biden wouldn't be able to
control anything and it's not his side
all right so so I think a Biden
presidency opens up the possibility that
many of you listening to this will be
dead in a year if it if it goes that way
now
I of course say that things are going to
go towards the golden age so I think the
the likely outcome looks like this
Biden wins the presidency and Kamala
Harris becomes the real president either
because she's really running the show
behind the scenes or he actually drops
out she becomes the president in my
opinion calmly Harris is the only one
who can stop this you see that Kevin
didya Kamala Harris might be the only
one who could stop the protests because
she's she's a person of color and she is
she's got a history of being sort of a
badass on crime she could put she could
put the boot down on the protesters
Biden can't Trump either can't or is
unwilling to so far so your best-case
scenario might be a President Kamala
Harris because she might be the only one
who can prevent the prevent the the
revolution because she could put it down
violently because it'll take violence to
stop it now I'm not promoting violence
you all know that right I never promote
violence but it is true that all
government is held together by violence
or the threat of violence you don't have
a government unless you have the threat
of violence for anybody who challenges
the government so
so Camille Harris has the option of
using violence and the other people
don't so if you want to see the there is
nothing that would stop the protests
short of violence because they're not
asking for anything you get that right
if they were asking for something that
you could give them something reasonable
then you could say all right I can see
how this ends you negotiate something
but they're not asking for anything that
doesn't end I mean they're not asking
for anything that's practical that could
actually be done in the real world we're
not going to dismantle the system so
this is the same play as a o'seas play
that you'll be dead in 12 years for
climate change because and the reason
that it works so well is because you
think it might be true because it might
be true
now AMC's thing wasn't true is it was
intentional hyperbole but it got you
thinking about it it certainly made a
difference it moved the needle it was
very persuasive you can say that so here
are some things that signal what would
happen under a Biden presidency today
you can't go in public wearing a trump
hat without getting your ass kicked
what are you agree if you can't even
wear a hat or or announce that you're a
Republican in a lot of places because it
won't be safe you'll lose your job you
could be the threat of physical violence
you know there's already no no freedom
for a part of the people in this country
so I do think there's a not a risk it's
almost a guarantee that if Biden gets
elected Republicans will be hunted now
when I say hunted
I mean identity use will be surface so
that people will lose their jobs and
stuff like that not necessarily just
physically with guns but I think that's
I think the odds of a shooting civil war
if Biden gets elected are 20% maybe 20%
the odds of you being hunted one way or
another as a Republican if you are a
Republican I would say are closer to 80%
80% chance that you would be you would
be victimized under the new under the
new regime Karl Rove points out that
what's missing with Trump's campaign is
that he doesn't have a what what does he
want to do next because you have to have
a vision of the future and Karl Rove is
right because I don't think I've heard
Trump say what he wants to do next
because the things he was doing kind of
got derailed by coronavirus you include
the other Chinese negotiations and the
economy got stalled and the the walls
moving slowly but that's not much of a
campaign will build the wall a little
bit faster so I think that Karl Rove is
correct that Trump doesn't have a vision
of what's coming doesn't have a good
story on health care as far as I know
and then the other thing Karl Rove says
you should listen to everything Karl
Rove says basically because in terms of
persuasion for the in the political
realm he would be one of the best so he
also says he's not drawing any contrast
to Biden enough of a contrast just
saying that Biden has mental problems
might be true but as karl rove says that
would be like third on the list at best
of things that's gonna that are gonna
move people they care about the economy
they they care where you're going they
care about contrast you know so give us
a contrast what's the world look like
with Biden what's the world look like
with Trump so a lot of people have said
is Trump even trying anymore and I think
that's that's a fair question yeah based
on what we're seeing at the moment
however however here are the things that
you cannot rule out you can't rule out
that the very best thing Trump could do
is nothing you can't rule it out because
the more we see the cha porch as
autonomous own not working that becomes
like the the visual model you have of
what the whole world looks
and I don't know why the Trump campaign
isn't doing the commercials exactly like
this here's some video from inside chop
and that's what the Democrats are
promising for the rest of the country
because they might be that that is close
enough to true meaning that the
Democrats will let things get out of
control to the point where everything
looks like chop that is close enough to
true for a campaign purposes meaning
that it tells a story of contrast even
if it's hyperbole but I think it's true
enough that that's where I would go I
would show all the positive things you
know the economy working and building
things and you know the the beauty and
grandeur of America and then I would
show chop and say if you don't think
this is what they're promising you you
haven't been paying attention here's
what I'd love to say here's the
commercial I'd love to say the contrast
of you know things working well in
America and then chop what's a video and
then say this is this is what the
Democrats in CNN would like for you this
is what they plan for you and then and I
would also also show the gun I'll show
the video of the gunfire because there's
actually audio I should say there's
audio of the gunfire the other night now
if you haven't heard the audio of the
gunfire it's way more scary that just
hearing that there was a shooting if you
hear the audio because there's a lot of
shooting
it's like Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
Bam Bam and you say to yourself somebody
just got shot a lot that was multiple
times somebody got shot which i think is
what happened so I I don't think the
Trump campaign is just moving into
overdrive for some reason and it could
be that just waiting works it might be
the waiting works and I don't think the
polls are telling you too much right now
here's another gigantic error on the
Trump campaign Lamar Alexander
Republican points this out he says the
Trump should sometimes were masks even
if he doesn't wear it all
time you know there obviously if he's
giving a speech maybe he takes it off
but Lamar says that you're not gonna get
get people on your team to wear them if
you're adamantly opposed to them
personally it turns into as Lamar says
correctly then it turns into a political
question
hey I support Trump so I'm not gonna
wear a mask well that's not why you
should not wear a mask yeah if you're
making your medical decisions based on
your politics you're doing it wrong and
Lamar I think is correct that although
nobody's thinking of it in those terms
as long as Trump becomes identified with
a non mask wearing it sort of becomes
the Republican brand and then people
just say yeah no mask no mask so in my
opinion this is a disqualifying mistake
at this point from the president meaning
that I wouldn't elect I I don't know I
don't think he can support a president
who is not encouraging people to wear
masks during a pandemic is that clear
enough if I said that as clearly as I
possibly can there's no way you should
vote for Trump if on election day he's
not he's now recommending masks that
that would be such a big and obvious
mistake you'd have to say to yourself
well I don't think he's even trying at
this point now I would be completely
happy if the president said this I'm
your president I'm sort of like a symbol
you know I'm a visual symbol just like
the White House so I'm I'm not gonna
wear his mask but you should I think I
would be perfectly happy with the
president saying look when you're
president you can make a decision about
how you want to present yourself
visually I'm gonna be careful but when
I'm speaking to the public I'm not gonna
wear a mask I'll make sure everybody has
one around me so they're protecting me
I'm going to get tested every day I'm a
special case I'm a special case you all
should wear masks but as you
president and you could make the same
decision if you were president you might
want to present a different look for the
people but you should wear masks to keep
yourself safe now if he said that I'd
say all right that's fair enough that's
fair enough
I could see why he would be the
exception and nobody would argue with
that right no but nobody really argues
about the president being a special case
because that's just good for everybody
when he's treated as a special case but
I would say if the president doesn't
come out you know a little more
forcefully about wearing masks he would
be incompatible with the experts and
incompatible with a lot of the public
and I think it would be disqualifying I
think it would be disqualifying because
we would actually just kill people it's
as easy as a few statements and if you
don't make them people die so that's
disqualifying let's talk about
collective punishment have you ever
heard that term collective punishment
would be that the classical thing is
that let's say there's a war and the
winning the winning army gets control of
a city and then they say hey some of the
people who look like you were opposing
us and we're gonna kill all the people
who look like you
so that would be collective punishment
it would be punishing people who had
nothing to do with the whatever the
offenses but they're in the category
it's like punishing all men for doing
something that one man did or punishing
all some ethnicity for something that
one person did or a few people did so
that's what collective punishment is and
it's considered so evil that's a
violation of the laws of war and the
Geneva Convention punishing people for
things that people who look like them or
in the same Club did just because
they're in the club of whatever that
club is
it's a war crime that's how bad it is
it's against the Geneva Convention and
it's happening to me right now
that's happening to me so I'm part of
collective punishment because I'm white
and male and the the black lives matter
movement is largely saying that that if
you're the same color and coincidentally
in my case gender as the slave owners
that you owe some money to other people
now I've heard really good like legal
arguments for reparations if you hear
somebody who's really good at it I saw a
video yesterday if somebody who is just
really good at persuasion who is
defending the idea of paying reparations
and if you hear the case by somebody
who's got you know good skills at
explaining stuff it's actually a pretty
strong case it's a strong case in a
legal sense now does that matter to me
no because it's not a legal question
it's not it's a political question so
reparations who gets them and why it's
not built into the law it's something
that would need to be a law alright so
if if people were in favor of it so
here's my point even talking about
reparations is collective punishment
because I would be one of the people who
would be bearing the burden of the cost
but quite explicitly I was not part of
the problem people who look like me who
were also white mostly male because in
those days that's you know that was the
model so I would be punished
because people who look like me who also
have my DNA and not many of them
relative to all the white people in the
world there weren't many who owned
slaves just you know a handful by
statistical problem terms so I would say
that that is collective punishment
so there you go all right
and I think Connell Harris might be the
only one who could crack down on the
protesters so maybe that's that's what's
gonna happen
Trump is largely taken out of the game
because anti-fur uses black lives matter
as a human shield
have you noticed that if Anti Fog by
itself cause trouble we could send in
the military pretty easily nobody would
care right because it's a bunch of
privileged white kids nobody's gonna
care if the police roll up on a bunch of
white kids in an tyfa yeah I know does
the country care no not too much
but yeah and then black lives matter
they don't have the numbers so if they
team up with an tyfa they've become this
powerful force except i don't think
black lives matter realizes that an tyfa
is using them as a human shield
to destroy the country whereas black
lives matter might have a different a
different opinion of which way things
should go so at the moment they're on
the same side because they seem to be
opposed to the system but what would
happen if the democrats won would they
turn on each other
maybe we'll see so here's some newer
mind-reading news from from CNN so this
case Mark Cuban was on talking to Sean
Hannity and they had a lively calm
conversation and here's a quote from
Mark Cuban he goes so Sean let me give
you some business advice huben continued
if you're going to negotiate now he's
talking about Trump negotiating with
dictators he says if you're going to
negotiate you don't fall in love with
the dictators that you have to negotiate
with mind-reading right do you think do
you think Trump is in love with the
dictators I don't think so I don't think
so I thought the other criticism of
Trump is that he only loved himself and
that everything he does is selfish I
mean I think I think you have to make
your mind up is Trump a selfish person
who only cares about himself or did he
fall in love with dictators to the point
where he cares more about the dictators
than he cares about himself in the
country I think you have to choose don't
ya either only cares about himself or he
only cares about what the dictators want
you can't have both those are opposites
so that's a sort of a mind-reading
attack on the president here's another
one my favorite humorist on CNN doesn't
do it intentionally and I actually laugh
every time I read his articles because
this poor bastard
Stephen or Stefan Collinson he's their
designated anti-trump aru so he writes
an article every day or two that is just
the most insane stuff that when I read
it I just shake my head and laughed the
whole types like oh I can't believe
people are buying into this so here's
his latest
from Stephan Collinson he says but Trump
on Tuesday tweeted cryptically I
remember cryptically he tweeted
cryptically meaning you don't know
exactly what he means and what is tweet
said was the lone warrior so obviously
it was Trump was talking about himself
the lone warrior and then here is Colin
Suns interpretation he goes apparently
embracing his isolation from even
political allies to which I say yeah
that sounds that sounds like that could
be the right interpretation he's
embracing the fact that he's alone even
among Republicans yeah
could be I mean we can't read Trump's
mind but that feels like a fair
interpretation but then he goes on
isolation from his political aisle eyes
and and after the end comes the funny
part and the scientific approaches that
have proven elsewhere to at least slow
the spread yeah yeah that's what the
president was doing sure he was tweeting
the lone warrior to tell us that he he
doesn't believe in science
that's what Stefan Cullison thinks that
meant
he's the worst mind reader of the world
all right we've got a lot more fun today
you should stick around for at least the
last story I know that alright that why
is it you never see anti-fog doing
interviews you ever wonder about that
we've seen black lives matter
representatives a number of times but
you don't see aunt Eva
where's aunt Eva it's been a long time
since I saw a member of aunt if I do a
an interview now of course they they
need to keep their identity hidden
that's part of it but they don't all
wear masks there must be somebody there
who's willing to talk I think it's
because nobody wants to nobody in that
group can tell their story because it
doesn't hold together
I can't imagine an anti-fog person doing
a national interview and trying to
describe what it is they want and how
that's going to work that would be
pretty interesting so I'm noticing that
white people are having a little bit
more freedom of speech just in the last
few weeks slight it might be temporary
but I can now say the following thing
out loud that I wouldn't have said two
weeks ago all right so here will be a
live demonstration of me with more
freedom of speech as a as a white male
because as we have the least amount of
freedom of speech as everybody knows but
watch this I'm gonna say something now I
just couldn't have said two weeks ago
and it'll be fine unless I get cancelled
I think it'll be fine here it is and
this is all I'm gonna do is read a tweet
from Ian miles Chun who says imagine
thinking we live under white supremacy
when you'd be literally canceled for
making fun if anything other than a
white person
so I can now just say that in public
because my freedom of speech is
increasing a little bit probably because
people are challenging the borders and
partly because the conversation is so
intense now that you can just say more
stuff so yeah we if this were a white
supremacy and you know in a real power
way then white people would have freedom
of speech like other people but if
you're looking for where the power is
don't look for the people who don't have
freedom of speech I'm not sure that's
where it is so that's something you
couldn't say a few weeks ago
has anybody published tips on how to
defend your house from a mob we also the
video of the the McCloskey couple who
had their guns and they were defending
their house from the mob we'll talk
about that in a minute but it made me
think okay suppose a mob came to your
house and let me say up front I don't
glorify violence just so I don't get
cancelled here so this is no no
encouragement to violence this is not
glorifying I discourage violence but
let's say it's self-defense and you're
surrounded by the angry crowd it looks
like they might have weapons you know
they're gonna destroy your house you
know they've heard people in the past
you might be one of them at what point
can you use a firearm in legal
self-defense and again look how careful
I'm being in legal self-defense where is
the line at what point can you safely
say okay now I can fire and I won't go
to jail I don't know where that point is
and it would be really useful for people
who have both legal and military
training to let us know now part of the
complication is it depends on your state
so the state laws will determine exactly
what it looks like to to be a threat but
the other thing I wondered is if if you
have limited ammunition what do you do
with it again I'm not glorifying
violence and I discourage it in every
way I can but in the
almost self-defense I think it's
completely fair to talk about what is
good self-defense and there are two
theories on awareness you first maybe
more than that probably several and I
don't know which one is right and I
would like to get some professional
advice
so here are the theories just so you can
compare them one would be to get whoever
is closest in other words the most
aggressive person who is closest because
everybody would see that person go down
you don't want to issue somebody in the
back of the crowd because the front of
the crowd doesn't see it so one so one
piece of advice is make sure somebody
everybody can see second part is are
they armed maybe you have to pick out
the person who has a weapon first you
know if you were if you were accurate
enough
you thought you could you know only one
weapon okay that might be the first
target but then there's a third one that
I think is more evil but possibly more
effective which is you shoot the person
who would cause the crowd the most
concern right now I'm not going to fill
in the blank but if you said to yourself
what's the most shocking thing you could
do just fill in the blanks right you
would pick the person who would stop the
crowd in their tracks that you know you
you if you had one bullet what's the one
place you would put it for self-defense
again not glorifying any violence not
encouraging don't shoot anybody if you
can yeah I'm not going to fill it in but
you you can use your imagination if you
only had one shot where would you put it
so use your imagination and I think you
probably come to the same conclusion
that I did all right so I know who I'm
aiming for that's all I'm saying I'm so
McCloskey the lawyer who with his wife
defended his home with his AR and she
had her handgun he went on Cuomo's show
and here was an interesting exchange
so Cuomo said to him Trump retweeted the
video of Mark McCloskey because quote he
liked the image of white resistance to
his black lives to this black lives
matter moment so and then McCloskey
looks into the camera he goes I'm glad
you're a mind reader because no one else
thinks you are so this lawyer you've
seen the lawyers home it's his big
palace like it looks like Versailles or
something so that lawyer is super rich
which means he's probably really good at
his job
right he's very good at his job so you
would think that he would be very
persuasive
and sure enough he picked the most
persuasive thing that you could have
said which just stopped Cuomo in his
tracks I'm glad you're a mind reader
because no one else thinks you are he
basically just called them out for being
a idiot on TV and completely got
away with it completely got away with it
because now first of all let's talk
about the elephant in the room here is
there is there anybody you've heard say
that before the CNN is engaged in
mind-reading yes me do you think how
many of you think that mr. McClosky was
influenced by me because before this
election cycle let's say the first last
three or four years have you ever heard
the phrase mind reading being used in
this context to accuse somebody of just
being a mind reader
you might imagine that that came from me
now I've told you before that I track my
influence by using unique sets of words
or words and then see if they appear in
the wild where they had not appeared
before now that doesn't conclude that
you're the cause because other other
things couldn't trigger things but if
you see it enough you'd say well that's
five times in a row I've seen this
pattern even if only two or three are
true
and the others our confirmation bias
probably have something you know it's
it's far short of a scientific test but
it's fun to do now what are the odds
that a lawyer whose job is persuading
people would have read through the book
win big lis or even loser think because
they both teach you how to persuade and
think through things well I have to tell
you that a lot of lawyers read my
materials if you look at who follows me
you probably see more lawyers and and
oddly enough doctors in my Twitter feed
than any other profession
maybe engineers would be more but
doctors or lawyers are way over
represented in my followers and there's
a reason because I talk about persuasion
if you're a lawyer
what is more useful to you then
persuasion you're probably interested in
it and you'd like you know like to be
exposed to more of it so I can't tell
you that McCloskey got that from me but
I would add that to the list of things
that sure look like he came from me now
some some people say it may not have
come from me directly and that is true
because it could it could
you know it's permeated the atmosphere
at this point so that Michalowski guy is
just a lot of fun because he doesn't
take any he's like bill bar with an
attitude so here are the stories the CNN
makes its living on so you got your mind
reading stories where they assume
somebody's thinking something and always
think it wrong then you've got the
category of worrying about the future of
things that almost never happen so
they're always worried about something
happening but that thing never happens
so that's the imaginary worry stories
then you've got the the secret messages
stories well well these sending a secret
message can you hear it it's a dog
whistle the UK here then you've got your
anonymous sources stories which always
turn out to be fake news and those are
at least 30% of their news and here's my
favorite one
generic management jargon they make
stories meaning content not stories but
their pundits they used meaningless
management jargon to talk about the news
and then you feel like something
happened but nothing is happening
because jargon doesn't actually inform
you it just makes you feel like
something's happening what and I'm gonna
tell you something that you'll never be
able to unhear when I first taught you
that this mind-reading idea is
persuasive just dozens of people told me
even just in the last day that now they
see it everywhere no once you see it you
can't unsee it it's that's your filter
I'm gonna set your filter for Joe Biden
watch this you'll never be able to see
him the same Joe Biden talks and
management jargon but he doesn't say
anything here are some Joe Biden
complaints about Trump watch how they
don't say anything they're just they're
just it's just your boss talking he
should do his job set priorities listen
to the experts need more transparency
he's got to step up he's got to take
responsibility if you listen to Joe
Biden it all sounds like that there's
nothing there there's actually nothing
there because let's take one example
Biden decided that he would he said he
would keep dr. pouchy if he were elected
president and he will listen to the
experts now how different is that from
what Trump has offered has Trump
listened to the experts including and
primarily doctor foul Qi yes with one
big exception now I'm not gonna count
you know whether he personally wears a
mask because that's more of a political
calculation right that's not that that's
more about Trump but has Trump followed
the recommendation of pouchy yes with
one exception what was the one exception
the one exception is the one Trump got
right which was closing travel from
China as soon
against the advice of the experts so if
you get Joe Biden and this is just mind
boggling when I heard it Joe Biden is
promising you that he'll give you at
least on the coronavirus he'll give you
everything Trump gave you which is
following the advice of the experts
except for the good part the part where
Trump did not follow the advice of the
experts and was proven a hundred percent
right as events unfolded so from a risk
management perspective Trump nailed it
he nailed it
the only time he broke with the experts
was a big one it was a really big one
and he was right Biden promises you to
do all the things that Trump did except
for the good one and he's actually
presenting that as his proposition and
his his audience is so low information
that that actually sounds like something
imagine being such a low information
voters that you didn't know what I just
told you and you heard you heard Biden
talk and you thought to yourself yeah
yeah you should listen to the experts
how about that huh
somebody says hydroxychloroquine I mean
that's that's a risk management question
I'm not sure that's an extra question
and that's his proposition so I think
that's mostly what I wanted to talk
about today
yes I did that's it
so Biden is a basket of bad ideas
somebody says all right so here are your
futures your futures are Biden
presidency police are not supported
crime surges Republicans are hunted down
either economically or physically or
both chances of you being dead you being
a Republican chances you being a dead in
a year if Biden is elected pretty good
pretty good maybe 20% 20% then some
Republicans would be hunted down and
killed under that situation where a law
in order to break down but that doesn't
have to be the case it doesn't have to
be the case because there's this thing
called a third act and in the third act
you get surprises and you get surprise
fixes for things for example if the
president let things get worse and worse
source and then sent in the military and
cleaned it up right before Election Day
what would that look like might look
good it might you don't know and it
might be that somebody says that chop
has ended or Chazz has ended is that
something that happened today while I
was on here because I haven't seen any
news on that I don't think that's I
don't think that's the case Chazz has
ended I doubt that's true it would be a
headline all right sometimes it takes a
while for the headlines to reach the
written page but we'll check on that all
right
the other possibility is the golden age
the golden age and we might be almost
there so let's make sure that one
happens I'll talk to you tomorrow