ba-ba-boom ba-ba Papa Joe and you are on
it you must have your coffee ready and
your finger poised to push the button I
appreciate your good attitude Tyler
brown hello Dave for Prez hello Dale is
that a real name hey everybody it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams
although there's sad news today there's
lots of news today so we'll talk more
about the less sad stuff but before we
do you know what it's time for it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams if you have
your copy or mug your glass your Stein
your container for beverages fill it up
with your favorite liquids I prefer
coffee
and shall we enjoy the simultaneous
scent somebody said is that me or is the
camera sideways the answer is it is you
because the camera is correct well there
are so many things to talk about we'll
start with the big news there's a
another shooting a dozen people are dead
at a bar we don't know enough about it
except that the perpetrator has a long
trench coat and a ski mask and guns the
sounds to be slightly more likely to be
a loner who has been bullied in some way
even at 29 somebody said they thought he
was 29 but it seems like a loner who got
bullied a little bit more than it seems
like a political act but we don't know
so that's not a prediction that's just a
state of knowledge at the moment so
let's say let's wait for developments on
that but we'll talk about other things
politics for example
let's talk about Jim Acosta and the and
the press event so I'm sure by now
you've all seen a million videos of Jim
Acosta and he's at the president's press
conference and he keeps talking and the
president keeps telling him to to stop
talking and give the microphone up but
he resisted when the intern came and
tried to take it away now the debate
that I'm watching online about did he
assault her did he touch her or did he
slap her arm and all that stuff it's
fine to talk about that if you're doing
it for entertainment and you know I
suppose if you're doing it for a you
know get even with the other side
because of Corey Lewandowski years ago
if you're doing it for that I'm not
gonna stop you because that's part of
the game but I think I think the most
useful frame for looking at that whole
press event is like professional
wrestling and I'm gonna do what none of
you did I'm gonna give Jim Acosta more
credit than the rest of you so one of
the things that made president Trump's
so successful is that he successfully
combines theatre with politics and he
makes he makes politics stronger in his
case he makes his position stronger by
taking what has to be considered a
reality TV type of theatrical
sensibility to the boring job of
politics and when he combines them it
just makes him super powerful so if it's
okay to say that about the president
that he takes theater he matches it with
politics and he makes those two things
work better together and that makes him
more successful right that's what I've
been telling you about the president for
you
now let's look at Jim Acosta Jim Acosta
you've been saying he's showboating he's
crossing the line yeah he's doing all of
those things but he's also taking
theater and combining it with what we
used to think of as news to make it more
powerful the reason we're talking about
Jim Acosta is that he combined theater
with the news successfully because
you're talking about Jim Acosta every
person knows his name he's the most
famous news person now probably right
he's these the single most famous news
person in the world because he
successfully combined theater with news
now you can hate it you can not like it
because of what it does it you know the
fake news etc you can find lots of
reasons not to like it for the same
reasons that you can find lots of
reasons not to like president Trump's
combining theater with politics
successfully if you don't like his
politics then you don't like the fact
that he's successful but the truth is
the CNN has somewhat publicly abandoned
the just a news organization stance so
he's not really that far at an out of
his let's say he's not that far out of
his approved channel so CNN knows that
they work for ratings their boss has
said specifically and in public he said
if we don't talk about Trump our ratings
plunge so the head of CNN actually said
that
yeah we've tried not talking about Trump
but the ratings go down so we talk about
Trump now obviously since there they
have built an anti Trump audience
talking about Trump means talking crap
about Trump
so CNN doesn't pretend what to be
something it isn't really I mean
in a professional wrestler kind of way
they do so when you've got President
Trump going hard at Jim Acosta in public
you should see this as two people who
understand theater who were both using
us successfully the president is using
it in his way Jim Acosta is using it in
his way
so whatever else you want to say about
Jim Acosta I won't talk you out of it
your opinion is your opinion but I'm
telling you you're seeing him
successfully use president Trump's
technique which I have praised for two
years and I'm not going to change my
mind
just because someone else is using the
technique probably not what you wanted
to hear yesterday I saw a a tweet where
somebody alleged that they would use
their Alexa I have to be careful because
when I say that my Alexa comes on and
they were they were saying who is Jim
Acosta
and in the tweet you could hear somebody
that looked like it was the Alexis
system and it looked like or it sounded
like it was saying that he was a fake a
journalist and I saw that and I said
that's not real
and I had I was reading it while I was
in the same room with my own I want to
stop saying the word because it
activates my system al exa so I thought
well I'll ask mine and see if it says
the same thing so I did so I said Alexa
who is Jim Acosta
[Music]
Alexa shut up
so when I first did it it actually said
that Jim Acosta is a fake journalist
that was actually on Alexa and I checked
again this morning and then you probably
couldn't hear it but they've removed
that now so I don't know who got to it
but it was a good prank so it hats off
to whoever whoever hacked it and and
made that change it was pretty funny I
didn't think it was real but it was real
so that's that's enough for that and
then the question of whether Acosta
should have been banned and having his
White House credentials removed I would
say that's appropriate but it's also
part of the political theater and if
you're arguing about whether he
assaulted the intern to retouched or
didn't touch her I don't think any of
that matters you know it might be fun to
talk about it but none of it matters
here's what matters Acosta was in the
president's house essentially and the
president of the United States whose job
it was to inform the public and to give
all of the press 60 whatever people in
their time to ask questions who thought
that this one person had asked all the
questions he needed to ask and so he was
he was trying to move on to me the only
the only question is did Jim Acosta do
what the president asked him to do in
the president's own house and the answer
is no so the president banned him from
his house I always see how you could
possibly argue with that
the President of the United States in
his own house you know essentially his
own house you got to do what the
president asks you to do if the context
is trying to inform people who trying to
give everybody a chance so that's that's
really the only thing that has to be
said about that there was only one
person who was in charge and that person
you know made sure you knew he was in
charge I have no problem with that all
right let's talk about Jeff Sessions so
one of the things that I haven't heard
somebody say explicitly maybe somebody
did is that there could have been no
more perfect timing for the dismissal of
Jeff Sessions timing was perfect and
it's because it came so close to the the
election because first of all it took
all of that election talk over the
president was losing support or whatever
it took all the other attention onto
Jeff Sessions which was brilliant
but I've argued that the day after that
election might be what I call pique
bipartisanship in other words it might
be the day the one day when the
opposition was feeling good about
themselves because they just won the
house so in a sense you know if the
country is this far apart for a moment
it was a little less apart because the
winners the winners of the of the house
were feeling like they had made some
progress probably you know politics will
pull things apart again but at the
moment I'll just block anybody who uses
that word but at the moment it looks
like you know it was a perfect timing to
do it because it changed the
conversation and it was well let me
explain I'll explain that a little
better in a moment here but the Whitaker
the guy coming in the opposition to
Trump is saying he should recuse himself
because when he was a pundit he wrote
some things about how Muller should have
his funding cut and how his his scope
should be limited to what his scope is
to which I say without the benefit of
any legal training I ask you the
following question
do you recuse yourself for agreeing with
your own boss because that's what people
are asking them to do they're saying hey
Whittaker you seem to agree with your
boss and you're on the same page
you've got to recuse yourself to which I
say I don't think I know what boss means
if boss doesn't mean hiring people who
will agree with you what the hell does
it mean does boss mean you randomly hire
people does it mean you hire people you
know will not do what you want
if you can't hire somebody who agrees
with you
what the hell can you do as a boss so
it's it's silly that recusal is even in
the conversation and I think I think the
Democrats are only doing it because they
they know that the public can't tell the
difference they can't tell the
difference between a sitting judge for
example who has to have the appearance
of impropriety versus somebody who's
just being hired for a job and they
happen to agree with their boss that's
pretty pretty harmless now the other
interesting thing about this is that
getting rid of Jeff Sessions as the weed
stalks showed yesterday wouldn't they
went up probably paves the way for the
federal government to get end of the the
weed business in other words for the
federal government to decriminalize or
otherwise step out of that question it
would be I are you ready for this it's
what I call the new CEO the new CEO play
when there's a brand new CEO the first
thing they should do is something that
really sets the tone
you notice that pence and trumpet did
that as soon as they were elected and
before they'd even been signed in they
started traveling to for traveling to
carrier and they they really made a big
deal before they were even signed in and
and doing it early as the the big part
of the
the thing they did a big public obvious
visual thing that was the sort of their
brand and that brand has carried them
they've been the jobs fight for jobs
brand since then so the thing you do on
day one matters more than the thing you
do on day 20 that's just how it works
because first impressions matter so now
that we have a new a new Congress you
know in the sense because we have a new
balance of power it's sort of a new CEO
opportunity again for a president Trump
so what does he do he says
congratulations to Nancy Pelosi I think
you deserve being the speaker ah new CEO
play he's setting the tone he's setting
the tone in a way that will help him in
the future
but even better than that getting read
getting rid of sessions sessions is a
hard-nosed on immigration
he's a hard-nosed on weed and weed is
the perfect first thing to do I don't
know if it's going to happen by
Christmas but it would be a great
Christmas present and I could imagine
that the president would maybe find
somebody on the left to partner with him
to simply make an announcement says look
in the in the spirit of bipartisanship
there is nobody on the left and nobody
on the right who's going to disagree
with what we say which is let the
state's work it out because the people
on the right are gonna say it's a
state's issue it just doesn't need to be
a federal government problem let the
state's work it out and the people on
the Left are more likely to say you
should be legal anyway so there's an
opportunity here for the president to do
a a new CEO move for a second time
because it's a new government it's it's
almost like he has a new job you know
his new job is to be president of a
split Congress and if he did something
they showed bipartisanship right out of
the shoe
faster than you could do an
infrastructure bill right anything else
he does this bipartisan is gonna take a
while but he could probably make a dent
in weed just by a proclamation and just
say all right
bipartisan let's get let's get some
bipartisan stuff going here
so that might happen we'll see because
the simulation that we live in
keeps serving up one interesting story
after another Ruth Bader Ginsburg
apparently fell she's aged 85 and broke
a few ribs this is not her first brush
with health problems she's had cancer a
few times she's fallen before she's had
I think a heart issue with a stent so
she's 85 and she fell and she's probably
to the point where it's just sort of
dangerous to do her job and we don't
know how long she's going to stay in her
job I hope she heals I hope she does
well but there's not much to say about
that yet because she could just go on
you know another five years you never
know but the the news just keeps serving
this up keep serving us up new things to
look at now I'm gonna go to the
whiteboard here to defend something I
said after the midterms what I said was
I thought that the national temperature
would come down because there's a shared
power my critics of which there are many
came on to Twitter to say how wrong you
are
it's time for you to eat crow Adams
because you said the temperature would
go down but here's a tweet of people who
have gathered some Anti Fog people
they've gathered so you can see it in
the comments here we told you you were
wrong no I'm not wrong and I'm gonna I'm
going to tell you why you're wrong to
think I'm wrong
in a minute so it is true that there are
some organized groups this seemed to be
organizing to protest one thing or
another one of them shockingly and
disturbingly had Tucker Carlson's home
address when he wasn't home by his wife
was he's got four kids I don't know if
the kids were home I don't think they
were but think about that a crowd
gathered in front of his house while his
wife hid in the pantry not knowing if
they were trying to come in there was
some dangerous sounding talk that she
could overhear imagine how scary that
was that is seriously inappropriate but
how many people were in that group you
have to make a distinction between the
professional protesters of which I think
these were these are the people whose
sort of job is protesting you know
they're organized they're part of a
group they can't wait for the next
protest all right those people may
protest more than ever so my prediction
about the national temperature is about
voters about ordinary people so I'm
going to double down on my prediction
that the temperature for ordinary people
not not professional protesters now
people who are paid now people have an
organization with the costumes so no I'm
not talking about the costumed
professional protesters they may be more
or less and probably more so I'll agree
with you on that and the tucker carlson
thing looked like professionals making a
political point very very different from
the public let's talk about the public
and let's go to the whiteboard to make
my case I believe there is a
three-legged stool of Trump hatred the
three primary things that people hate
about Trump are accusations of he is
crazy accusations of he's a racist
accusations of he's a strong man dictate
and you need that whole stool to be as
mad as as you could be and you notice
that it's kind of like whack-a-mole
every time one of these legs gets sort
of disproven by evidence somebody goes
yeah well he's not one of these but he's
certainly one of these well he's not one
of these but he's certainly one of these
did you say he's not one of these well
are you making a good point but he's
certainly one of these so you need all
three legs so people could bounce back
and forth leg to leg and still have at
least a wobbly stool but my point is
this that after the after the house went
to the Democrats there was this huge
check on the president's power at least
in the way that the public thinks about
it so if the president tried to do
something and use his his friendly
Senate who were mostly Republican to get
his way they would now be prevented
not just potentially by a Supreme Court
which now leans his way so that wasn't
really the protection that people needed
but now they have a friendly house the
opposition to Trump as a friendly house
so I would argue that the dictator leg
went away this week so if you're just a
regular voter again I'm not not talking
about a costumed paid protestor like the
ones who went to Tucker Carlson's house
and by the way should go to jail in my
opinion surrounding the house of Tucker
Carlson's wife and saying you know I'm
sure they were on his property I'm sure
they were saying threatening things that
should be jail time all right
I hope that I hope that it's jail time
it's very very serious and so we you
know which never make light of that but
for the regular people the people who
are not costumed role players they just
saw one of these legs go away they just
saw that president Trump can't make any
law he wants it will absolutely be
stopped by Congress so the entire
dictator thing just sort of went away by
an act of democracy the founders have a
system you know the founders of this
country developed a system where when it
gets an imbalance
if finds balance how many times
throughout history as the country got an
out of balance and then the next
election we bring it back in balance
it's the most common thing that happens
in this country so we were definitely a
little out of balance nobody saw the
well I won't say nobody because I saw it
but people did not see that the
president would get elected and also
have two houses and and a Supreme Court
on his side people didn't see that plus
a lot of governors so when it happened
the country got way out of balance to
the right in terms of power and it just
took a couple years to get back in
balance so I would argue that the Trump
is a dictator leg of the stool is gone
and you saw him you saw the president
putting a nail in that when he went in
front of the public and said he didn't
just say my side lost the president of
the United States said congratulations
you fought well and Nancy Pelosi
deserves to be the leader
his biggest certainly his biggest you
know name-brand critic he just praised
her for her good work in front of the
you know in front of the world and said
she deserves her position and I hope I
can work with her
not very dictator ish but this crazy leg
what about that we just watched the
President of the United States do rally
after rally after rally and then we
watched him do 87 minutes in front of
the press now of course there was the
Jim Acosta stuff and the you know the
contentiousness with the press but did
any of that look crazy did you see any
cray
see this in all of that public exposure
crazy people can't really hide it that
well can they you know if you believed
he was crazy he has used continuous
exposure and operating at the very
highest level because even his critics
will say you know those rallies they're
really good he's really good in front of
the public it would be hard to be crazy
and to be that good in public that
consistently in 87 minutes the public
the the president ranged from how many
topics did he cover he covered all kinds
of topics and when he talked about them
he said completely rational things that
you would want him to say especially if
you're a supporter not a business that
would be crazy
none of it there wasn't a single thing
he said in 87 minutes in front of the
public operating without a net
right there's no editing there's no
editing what's the first thing you do if
you think your boss the President of the
United States is crazy if you were if
you were handling him what's the first
thing you do the first thing you do is
you say don't go out and give a press
conference just just say you don't do
that well we'll talk to the press for
you so obviously his staff doesn't think
there's a problem and he's still the
best person on camera of the entire
administration you know not even close
so I would argue that the crazy leg is
still there a little bit but it's really
weakened because the way he treated the
the loss if you can call it that of the
house and the fact that he's been in
public so much lately and operating at
the highest level and not a single slip
is that there is not one thing he said
in all of those public appearances
ranging across all kinds of topics not a
single thing that his enemy press called
out and said
I don't know when he said that one thing
that sounded will get rid of this person
that sounded wrong so I think when you
saw the press conference what was the
one thing that the press wanted to ask
him they wanted to ask him about this
leg do you know why they wanted to ask
him about this leg and not oh that one's
gone they didn't want to ask him about
the leg that's already gone because it's
already gone and they didn't want to ask
him about crazy because all the evidence
was in the other direction it's all they
had left you could see almost a
desperation in the room and the the
president you know got got a little
testy there when they were going after
this last illusion so let me read it
reiterate for those of you who say Scott
you're wrong the national temperature
has gone up just look at the people
protesting I say most of those protests
were probably already planned because it
takes a while to get a good protest
going these are people costumed paid and
organized for political purposes it has
nothing to do with the mood of the
country an tyfa is not the mood of the
country they're a group that has a
political agenda and and protesting in
public seems to work for them so they do
more of it alright I'm sorrows so let's
talk about George Soros because
apparently if you're a trump supporter
you can't leave him out of any
conversation you know that I'd been
asking questions about can you explain
to me why somebody says somebody just
said Nazis were costumed protesters well
I'm not defending the protesters I'm
saying they're not representative of the
to the voters they are their own thing
that's all I'm saying
yeah so I'm just gonna summarize my
Soros opinion for those who haven't seen
it Soros does fund groups who who play
on identity politics so in that sense
he's funding something that you may
consider harmful for the world but a lot
of people fund them it's the entire left
is on the same side so picking out this
one guy who funds them you could say
he's a little more impactful than other
people maybe but I'm not sure it's the
big story I think we like to pick on him
because he's a visual you know he's a
he's a single sort of yeah somebody said
he's like a Bond villain if he had a
different personality and persona I
think he would be treated differently
all right yeah somebody says I don't
think Soros is a micromanager that is
correct
I don't believe Soros is you know
managing individual protests all right
is there anything else going on we need
to talk about oh let's talk about the
president's response to being asked
about the word nationalist and the
president said that's a racist question
was that a good response to say that's a
racist question I have to tell you I
enjoyed it you know from an
entertainment standpoint I enjoyed that
he did that
now the my logical facility said well
what do you mean it's a racist comment
it's a you know it's a it's not it's not
what a professional journalist should be
doing certainly it wasn't like a
legitimate news question so it wasn't a
legitimate question but what he did with
it by going on the offense I kinda liked
because he didn't play defense
I kind of like that he didn't play
defense he played offense now the logic
he used to say that it was a racist
question I'm not sure all the y'all the
parts of that fit together logically
but it was still perfect because the the
complaints against him have the same
character meaning they don't quite
logically make sense but they sort of
feel like they do you follow that the
the logic behind the criticisms of the
president don't completely fit together
but they just sort of feel like they
might all right that's that's the entire
logic so when he accused her of asking a
racist question I had exactly the same
experience which is well not quite
logically a racist but it sure felt like
it so he basically gave them back a nice
dose of what they've been piling on him
for four years and I have to admit I
enjoyed the I enjoyed the theater of it
I enjoyed the the judo of it I enjoyed
the the cleverness of the response and
and I think he sold it with some what
would you call it
sincerity in other words when he said it
it felt like he felt it he felt like
what when you say I'm gonna put words in
his mouth which I was probably dangerous
maybe I shouldn't do that let me put it
this way my understanding of it was that
the reason he said it was a racist
question is because it was an anti white
question if he had said that's anti
white it would have been the worst
response anybody ever said about
anything because in this country you're
not really allowed to say anything using
anti white because if you do say that
you're automatically branded racist
it's as if you'd said the n-word you
know bye-bye societal evolution we've
come to the point where defending white
people in a in a country such as the
United States would automatically label
you as a racist in this country again
logic isn't part
of any of this you know so there there's
no logical connection with any of this
so she said white nationalist now she
said nationalist and then she later
clarified what she meant by it because
there are such things as white
nationalists so I loved his response but
I'm not going to say it's a logical
response it is exactly like the way he's
been treated and so that was wonderful
because they have to it forced them to
wrestle with the non logic of it in a
way that we haven't seen them wrestle
with their own non logic so that was
wonderful yeah if you're looking at the
the videos of Acosta if you're seeing
them in slow motion they look different
if you see them from this angle they
look different people are calling saying
it's the Johnny and Laurel situation
where people are seeing what they want
to say and I think all that stuff is fun
but whatever happened you know however
hard he touched her or didn't touch her
it's not really the story because it was
trivial no matter what it was in terms
of the contact what mattered was the
President of the United States asked him
to stand down in the president's house
to play by the rules that everyone else
was playing by and he chose not to
that's the only question the question
was did he do what the president asked
him in a reasonable way so that other
people could could have their freedom of
press that's the whole question so I
think the White House played it cleverly
and appropriately and he deserves his
band but do not feel sorry for Jim
Acosta he is involved in the theater not
news and he's getting the attention that
you
get when you play it right so I'm gonna
tell you that Jim Acosta played it right
in terms of the theater he's trying to
to play with he did he I think he he did
a good job of advancing his career
helping CNN with their ratings and that
was that's what he was trying to do I
cannot default success if somebody is
trying to do something very specifically
and they succeed which he did you know
you could dislike him all you want like
like a wrestling villain he sees like a
wrestling villain isn't he but he
succeeded I'm not a fan I'm just saying
he succeeded all right
does there anything else we didn't talk
about yet somebody who's saying they're
using our sophistic he might be
narcissistic but I don't think you could
tell it from this what you can tell from
this event is that Jim Acosta
understands the the theater added to
something like the news makes it a
different animal I think he understands
that like other people don't understand
but I could be wrong maybe he's just
acting on impulse
that's possible but it sure looks like
he knows what he's doing he must have
read to win big Lea maybe so all right
this shooting yeah the shooting we don't
know enough about so what we have to
wait and see about the shooting and we
talked about Tucker flies the gate I
don't have anything to say about that
all right I think we're done here we'll
check the news find out more about the
shooter and oh let me say one more thing
so the president said he was asked about
Saudi Arabia and the murder of khashoggi
in the Turkish embassy and I forget the
president's exact words but there was
something like he was going to have a
strong statement on that coming up so or
worse that effect so there was something
strong coming up about the Saudi Arabia
situation I think that might be
foreshadowing it may be optimistic but
here's what I think it could be that the
murder of Khashoggi puts the Saudis in a
flexible situation in which maybe if
other people are being flexible at the
same time there could be something like
a Middle East peace deal brewing so
don't be surprised if the next 12 months
sees something like a Middle East peace
deal in which Saudi Arabia's role in it
is more productive than you would have
imagined and that might be what Saudi
Arabia needs to do to get back on the
right side of history here so that's I'm
not sure I'd make that a prediction but
if it happens we're gonna look back at
that statement and say oh I get it
he used the Saudi Arabia thing which was
a tragedy to find some kind of
negotiating advantage to get them to be
a little more flexible maybe with just
money it might be just how much money
they they COFF up but it's probably a
positive thing all right that's all for
now I'll talk to you all later