all right let's talk about this you have
a new book I do it's called made you
look made you look just out now and you
can buy it and I'm going to give I'm
going to give the people a quick idea in
my own words that are all wrong before
you correct me okay okay so one of the
things you do if you can see in this
book see this person hooked up to all
these sensors and looking at a screen on
the computer that's what Carmen does
puts his little sensors on their body
and their head EEG ECG GSR facial coding
ey tracking and you have them look at um
mostly slides like business presentation
slides or is it other things as
well it could be a presentation it could
be a website it could be a video
anything that in somebody's view should
capture attention which is what the
essence of the book is and the reason
you even need attention in the first
place is because quite often people
remember better if they pay attention
I'm saying quite often because it is
possible to remember something without
consciously paying attention to it but
we're all here in the business of
communication and usually you like to
get credit for things that you made
people look at so attention influences
memory and in a turn memory influences
decision- making and the world moves
around and all the great things that you
just talked about happen because people
remember and decide and attention is at
the root Foundation of that so the the
thing that surprised me as I was I was
looking through your book is how many
categories of attention there are in
other words you can you know there's a
give us a few ideas like attention isn't
just simply looking at stuff right give
give us a little sense of how
complicated that is to determine
attention it is true there um a variety
of ways in which the brain pays
attention we pay attention with our
brain and um in fact as I'm looking at
the comments I'd love to know what
typically attracts your attention
speaking to uh our audience and what
would you like more attention to and as
you're reflecting on those uh on those
questions just know that typically when
you pay attention to something uh you
pay attention in space and quite often
that attention can be very focused like
for instance when you have dinner with
somebody at a restaurant and uh you try
to be polite and you're only focusing in
on that one person I'm even seeing this
habit now where people are putting their
phones with the face down just to
indicate that now everything is in focus
and that focus is very sharp so that's
selective attention but at some point
from an evolutionary perspective we know
that it would not serve us well if we
were so laser focused we have to widen
our focus and we have to distribute our
attention so that you can see if there
are some creepy crawlies hiding in the
bushes and your survival may be in
danger in of sorts so it is possible to
divide the tension but in that process
then you're missing some of the uh the
sharpness from the selective attention
but you have addition additional
advantages so those are attention in
space it's also possible to pay
attention across time and that's
sustained attention this is what people
associate with attention span and there
is a myth that um I'm sure that you've
heard debunked before there is no such
thing as a short attention span as a
scientists it bothers us greatly when
people say well are you noticing that
these days the attention span is getting
shorter and the answer is no it is it is
not getting shorter the brain hasn't
changed much no it hasn't changed much
in the past 35,000 years we're capable
of paying attention in fact to test this
we can ask our audience members here
what um what's the longest amount of
times you have bench watched on a TV
show and I guarantee that if they're
genuine with us their answers are not
going to be in the seconds their answers
are not going to be in the minutes their
answers are going to be in the hours
so is is the whole thing that as long as
we're interested we have infinite
attention we can we can stay definitely
focused and uh as long as the stimulus
is interesting and or important because
sometimes you have to pay attention
because something is critical not
because it's the most interesting thing
you've ever seen all right all right
let's uh let's give the audience some
like takeaways so I could get like some
of the the functional useful like how's
it going to make your life better so
based on your uh your data and now you
have a pretty big database of human
beings looking at visual things and
having certain physical biological
reactions yes all right so so in
theory you could give us some ideas of
like what things you found out work
better than other things for attention
is it can you can you break it down into
some tips yeah definitely let's um let's
consider some tips and in the book we go
beyond the um multitude of attention
types and we look at the intersection of
two ways in which we pay attention by
asking the questions where is the brain
looking and you can look externally or
you can look internally and who's doing
the looking because sometimes you decide
to look on your own but sometimes
somebody makes you look as per the uh
the title of the book so let's consider
some techniques on when you force
somebody to look let's just say that you
want your children to pay attention to
you you want your
customers to pay attention to you you
want your boss to pay attention to you
so you're forcing the looking and you
want them to look
externally and of course you can
manipulate physical properties of a
stimulus like for instance if you make
something louder of course you'll pay
attention if something was silent before
that or if you make something brighter
or bigger if something was not so bright
or not so big before so as long as
there's a contrast here's a hard number
that I like to use the brain will pay
attention to a physical property of a
stimulus if there's enough contrast
between two items and that contrast has
to be in the 30 to 40% range in other
words for instance um a company that may
not be differentiated enough is because
the product that it offers compared to
the competition is not that much
different the brain cannot perceive the
contrast so as you're reflecting on your
own message ask this question sometimes
not the easy it's not easy to answer am
I different by at least 30% from
somebody else so contrast could be a
good technique in terms of forcing
somebody to look externally you don't
always have to look make them look
externally you can also make them think
I really like communication that guides
you internally and you reflect for a for
a moment so for instance I was seeing
this um this ad for um an Alzheimer's
organization and they were showing the
person that critically needs care but
the focus was not on that person it was
on the person that gives the care
because sometimes we forget that those
people are being taken care by somebody
else and he just gives you that small
moment of of of thinking and the joy of
getting it so as you reflect on your own
communication are you giving others the
joy of getting it the joy of getting it
so so you can get attention by tweaking
their
emotions or by tweaking their uh their
contrast which is more of an
intellectual thing so so there's ways to
get at them intellectually by contrast
but also biologically by what excites
them and yes and uh also you can think
of it in terms of being a bit more
provocative I mean even hearing the
conversation that you had with the
audience uh before you and I started
talking there are a lot of provocative
things that are being said like for
instance if you were to insist on the
phrase um poison Pharma that's not a
combination of words that you typically
hear mixed together and unfortunately
what happens especially if you operate
in the business space people are often
way too cautious and they bit other
people's brains and they don't want to
um challenge the status quo they don't
want to impose any tension and just like
with that contrast in some perceptive
power like for instance something is
bigger by 30% than something else you
can't have a contrast in Emotion in
other words not all emotions are going
to get attention and be memorable you
really have to have a much stronger
stimulus and I'm noticing these days as
I've been doing a lot of these
Neuroscience studies you showed the the
cap earlier that it does take a stronger
and more intense stimulus for the brain
to focus and stay with you for a while
now have you picked up any uh changes in
what it takes to get somebody's
attention and now you said that we have
good attention spans if we're interested
enough but does the average person
looking at let's say a PowerPoint slide
deck uh do they have the same brain that
we did 10 years
ago I'm noticing that the threshold for
stimulation has changed
so even though the brain itself is still
the same organ the way that we build our
habits is to now crave more and more
stimulation so we will stay with you for
a while if you give us something like
even our attempt to fix the microphone
for instance is just creates this POS of
stimulation so people very quickly can
reach for their phone we're only a click
away from being turned off and if you're
not the source of strong stimulation
then the brain is very Adept and has a
lot of choic these days so so so here's
the funny thing uh for those of you who
are watching the audience when you saw
me you know struggling to get the
technology working and it looked like it
wasn't going to work and maybe I'd have
to bail out and everything what what I
was thinking during that period was not
oh no everything's going wrong what I
was thinking is there's no way you're
going to turn this
off I was I was thinking you're you're
going to have to wait at least to see if
I can make this work because you know
you wanted to see me fail like you know
in public because I I always say that
danger is the thing that keeps people
interested so you have to have some like
there somebody's going to go off the
rails you know somebody's going to say
something that gets them canceled or
something so when you were do you and I
were trying to make this work the whole
time I was thinking oh this is kind of
perfect like like I I wasn't having a
care in the world because it was either
going to work or not work but one way or
the other was going to get a lot of
attention and so I was just sort of
conscious of that that it was working
even though it was a disaster like the
disaster worked just the way I wanted it
to work and turning what you're just
said to a practical guideline for
everyone consider this a method of
priming so one of the reasons why people
don't pay attention is because they're
not ready to pay attention and we
observe this in business all the time
let's just say that you have a sales
presentation that has 20 slides and what
something very critical for your product
appears on let's say slide 18 by slide
18 you may have done something that
would have diverted your audience's
attention away so right before that
slide you need a primer you need
something something that says to the
brain now something important or
interesting or ideally both is about to
happen let me ask what do you want to
Prime right before the the thing you're
priming for or can you prime like like
10 minutes before I love that I love
that question and the answer depends on
what we were just talking about in terms
of the intensity of the stimulus
because if I use that phrase that you're
using in terms of poison Pharma that is
a loaded phrase that will last a while
in terms of of intensity if it's
something that's a weaker stimulus like
for instance you may just use a
gratuitous photo of somebody naked that
may just last there for a few fractions
of a second and then it's just it's just
gone so if you have something intense
you can rely on that primer and what do
I mean by priming is inviting the brain
to react to something based on what it
just experienced and you can have a
perceptual primer you can have a
semantic one like we were doing with the
phrases that were you're using that
affective one or the emotional one
switch give us some examples because the
audience needs examples well so for
instance let's just um think of a a
semantic one is one that uh that gives
you the joy of of getting it so I was
just looking at um an ad not U not too
long ago and you just mentioned the the
phrase dad joke this this ad was created
by durix you know the uh the condom
company and it only had words on it I
love ads that only have words because
they really have to make you think and
um the word said I don't need a condom
and the conclusion was our favorite dad
joke and this comes from from the from
the dur company I don't need I don't
need a condent favorite dad joke okay it
took me a while to get it all right got
it but it does so it takes just a moment
and then you think about it our favorite
dad joke and gives you that small aha
moment and by the way with the uh with
the EEG signal we can calculate the
Eureka Effect so we know where to look
in the brain and what brain WS to
analyze in order to see if the brain has
just experienced that aha moment yes but
but uh bring bring it back to the
priming on the durx example I I get that
that's memorable but is that priming
what's the priming part that'll be the
priming if let's just say I was in a
business presentation and I wanted to
get the brain ready so because that was
just such an in congruous moment so
something that maybe people did not
expect now I'm ready for what happens
next I'm willing to sacrifice one
stimulus in favor for what happens
immediately after and that's an example
of a semantic one because you have to
think about the meaning and also an
affective one because it's a bit more
intense than your typical business
stimulus so so is priming in this sense
it's more than just giving you let's say
a foreshadowing of the specific content
but rather it's just going to is it just
rebooting your brain so you're open to
anything
exactly so you're in a ready State the
reason we pay such little attention
quite often in business context and we
forget most of the things that we're
exposed to forget our lives almost as
quickly as we live them is because we
are not in a state that is ready to
receive it would it be fair to say that
people sort of get an inertia of
thinking in other words they're thinking
and their logical drive this train right
down the tracks and you got to you got
to de rail the train before you can get
to the think that anything besides the
train going down the tracks is going to
happen exactly yes so in terms of
practical guidelines if you think about
this notion of habituation which is what
you just said if you're showing people
let's just say that you're in a business
context and slide one will have some
text and charts and slide two will have
more text and charts and slide three
will have more text and charts after a
while your brain starts Lear learning to
predict what happens next what's the
likelihood that the next slide is also
going to have and charts okay but if you
jol the brain out of its habituation
with one of these primers we're talking
about so whether it's something
perceptual or whether it's so now you
don't have a chart in text you just have
an intense photo for example and then
you go back to your typical stimulus the
brain has to be jolted somewhat in order
to remind it that you cannot predict the
next moment nice so
unpredictability so in I'm trying to uh
relate this to my hypnosis background so
there there's something about making
people uh uncertain and confused which
makes them uh ready for any certainty
that you as a leader or a hypnotist give
them so you want you want them to make
them think they don't know what's going
to happen or they're not in control and
then you give them the answer because
everybody wants
certainty so so if they think they have
certainty they don't need any but if you
scramble them they're going to be
looking for certainty and then you you
give it to him just in time is it is it
similar to that that's the Hypno take
definitely Sim similar and I like how
you're associating with this and of
course the moment that you give the
brain a modum of uncertainty you can
guarantee some attention because we
cannot afford to not know what happens
next if you think about the brain the
most important thing is what happens
next and the reason we enjoy that which
is familiar and that which is
predictable is because we can better say
this is what will happen next next the
moment that you introduce that element
of surprise and surprise by the way is
always biologically B bad for the brain
because what is surprise but a failure
to predict then of course we're
attentive because the difference between
what the brain expected and what happens
in real life is how the brain learns I
think this is a very important practical
guideline for all of us to reflect on
because as you think about the content
that you create or the way that you want
to grab other people's attention often
wonder how do I create those moments
where people think something is going to
happen and in fact something else does
surprise yes and Surpise is different
from novelty by the way because
sometimes people treat those elements
interchangeably but novelty is something
that you haven't seen or experienced
before surprise is something that you
have experienced before but did not
expect like for examp have an eggshell
and suddenly it opens and a baby
elephant comes out of it you have seen
the xshell you have seen the baby
elephant but perhaps not combined
together
now another thing I saw in the book that
interests me in particular because it's
based on something I used to do when I
gave presentations in my corporate days
before I give a presentation on the
boringest subject in the world which was
like the budget like just impossible to
keep people awake during that I I would
hand out Tic Tacs you know the the
little lozen thing the Tic Tac and
everybody will take a Tic Tac so that's
the first thing I learned you say pass
these around everybody takes one like
nobody says no do a Tic Tac that's the
weird thing but but it also gets them
physically
moving and and to keep somebody awake if
they're chewing they'll stay awake
people don't fall asleep while their
their mouth is moving and and so I found
that you could actually keep people a
little bit more awake by making them
move while you were talking to them and
the movement is just eating on the Tic
Tac so there you said you're yours was a
deeper complex thing but you had said
something about getting people moving as
part of the
process I like that reminder one of the
hottest Trends in Neuroscience right now
is this notion of embodied cognition
because as scientists recognizing more
and more that the way we come to know
things and perceive things and talk
about politics or talk about the
boardroom and the bedroom is not by
simply looking around us and building
some mental representations that are
abstract what we know and what we
perceive and what we remember and what
we decide on comes at the intersection
of the brain and EMB body interacting
with the environment therefore embodied
cognition so whether you give people the
Tic Tac to chew or what would would
recommending business is inviting people
to like physically take notes I'm hoping
that this conversation is useful to you
and maybe you have jotted a few things
down the more you physically write not
electronically write the stronger the
attention and the memory for those
segments if you have customers invite
them to an experience Center if um your
products afford you to do that but yes
getting the the brain and body in motion
will definitely contribute to your
attention and memorability Factor now
here here's a practical tip based on
that when I would study back in my you
know school days I I would try to take
the same information in as many ways as
possible so I'd read it but I'd also
rewrite it sometimes I'd draw a picture
because that the the process of turning
the idea into a picture really
solidifies it because you remember the
picture and then you'll work backwards
to what it was but I would also
sometimes sing it or hum it that be like
you know 2+ 2 equals 3 and i' be drawing
and stuff so I would try to get as many
physical
bodily connections to the the stuff and
it really made a difference I think so
it's it's a smart technique I wish more
people used it for themselves um if
you're here in a session like this
because you want to coach others perhaps
even your children teach them how to
keep the body in motion we are at a
strange point in our society because
we're used to having so many things come
to us like the food comes to you you no
longer have to do that your friends come
to you you can meet them online but the
moment that you put the body in motion
the brain is putting motion as well and
the opposite is true as well you keep
your body still then your cognition
slows down
also that makes sense so um you know the
the uh the amount of information in this
book is kind of uh it's amazing so I'm
glad to spend a lot more time looking at
it but there were the in the end there's
like a whole
checklist of things that you could have
done in your presentation to have made
it better and I I won't read them all
but you you've done something that as
far as I know has never been done which
is you've captured the biological
markers for attention and it seems to me
that there's some AI companies that's
going to give you a billion dollars for
that because nobody else has it right if
if you could teach your AI to make you a
powerpoint slide or a video and then one
of the databases they had access to was
how does this affect people biologically
where where do I put the image how often
do I mix it up when do I surprise them
when do I give them novelty that's all
that's all something an AI could do if
it had the data couldn't it if they had
the data and um you're absolutely right
it's we're sitting in a good position to
have some biological markers for
attention for working memory for
motivation to keep watching because it's
one thing to watch something and pay
attention for two minutes it's another
we know it's possible but it's another
to pay attention for 30 minutes for
hours on end so you have to be motivated
enough and have the um biological
endurance to do that we're looking at
how much the brain enjoys the experience
and how alert and awake it is and we do
that by going Beyond self- reports
because you could ask your audience What
attracted your attention what kept you
going what did you like what did you not
not like and people will tell you but
quite often those self-reports are
unreliable so as AI models get trained
are they getting trained on survey data
that quite often relies or on memory
that is is avable so it's good to use
these kinds of signals and also debunk
some myths like for instance it
surprised me that complexity is actually
more of an attention grabber than
Simplicity
is well that that's a double-edged
sword I don't know if you heard my
earlier presentation but you can also
hide all your in
complexity so so it's a place to it's a
place to diversify somebody's attention
until they can't find the needle in the
hay stack but but I could also see how
complexity would attract you because you
want to you want to unravel it it's like
oh what does this mean I'm going to
spend a little time unraveling this I
can see how work both ways so true and
and I really like your Viewpoint and I
think especially from scientific
perspective it's good to define the
terms because there's complexity there's
complication and there's chaos and often
I think in the latter to you could
probably hide a few more things but
complexity as long as you present to the
brain some items that are not only large
in volume but also diverse and
interconnected and you add some meaning
to this complexity that keeps the brain
going and you manage that complexity
well then the brain synchronizes a lot
better with a complex stimulus then with
a simple and quite often simplistic
one so if we turn this into a practical
guideline I would say complexify in a
manageable way versus simplify your
communication got it so uh give us give
us let's say what what would you
say if you were going to give somebody
say the best like operational tip like
what what's the one thing out of
everything you learn from from the
studies the sensors you put on people
and you data if you're going to make a
PowerPoint or a video or something
what's the one thing you're going to
make sure you absolutely
do here's something that you can reflect
on as um we reach the end of the
conversation and um it will uh it'll
make you think it will not necessarily
be easy to uh implement but it'll be
very helpful I found through all this
research that one concept that comes up
again and again is this notion of
fractals are you familiar with fractals
if you insist on some elements that
maintain their properties at any level
of magnification like if you look at a
tree the shape of the tree is
represented in any kind of tree branch
it has the same shape as the bigger tree
and if you look at a smaller Branch yet
it still maintains the same properties
as this called it the father tree or if
you go to the grocery store look at a
head of broccoli you'll see that the
broccoli itself has some properties and
then as you zoom in every s single
little head of broccoli has some uh some
same Properties or cauliflower so it's
cauliflower all the way down and as you
reflect on your communication and the
way that you want to attract attention
and remain memorable pick a theme
something that repeats at any level of
Mag magnification and the moment that
you have that set of properties and you
keep going again and again and again
repetition by the way is a sort of
priming then as long as you make it that
it's cauliflower all the way down it
doesn't matter if you're speaking to
your audiences for two minutes for two
weeks for two years if you come back to
the same theme and you make friends with
fractals you will be able to uh to keep
people's attention for a long time I
think politicians do this very well so
so fractals is a a tough word to wrap my
head around but let me let me ask you if
I if I did it right so today when I did
my live stream before we talked um I
said I had a theme that is that the
Democrats were hiding things in
complexity and then I gave five
different stories where there were some
complexity and maybe some bad stuff was
hidden in there is that a fractal but
it's definitely a fractal because if you
were to then expand on those themes we
could be here for another five minutes
we could be here for another five hours
and it would be the same set of
properties the same set of swirly
equations so for instance so yes pick
your theme and some supporting points
and as long as you're very consistent
with those and you believe in them and
they have great impact on society too
that's always very very helpful then you
can keep the brain going for a while
because because you're giving it The
Best of Both Worlds you're giving it
some familiarity because it's the same
repetition at any level of magnification
but with each elaboration you can add
some of those elements of surprises you
can complexify and you can keep the
grain the brain motivated to stay with
you for a while uh I'll tell you my
biggest pet peeve is when somebody wants
to explain something to me and they're
waiting to give me the answer at the end
and my brain can't handle that so it' be
like you know Jo my my my uh Builder
handyman here he will say uh can you
have a minute he'll say you know over by
the EES there's this this this board
that covers the thing and then there's
the corner and I'm like where's this
going where's it going and and the
answer is you know there's there's a
leak and I can fix the leak so what I
want to hear is I can fix the leak and
then after I hear that every detail he
gives after that is now Salient I was
like oh okay so I'm understanding
because the boards come together that's
why there's a leak but if you start with
okay the boards come together I'm like I
I have no structure I have nothing to
pin it to so is that close to what
you're talking about I really like what
you're saying in terms of elaboration
because that's what builds up the the
complexity and especially in business in
our personal relationships as well you
have to earn the right for that
elaboration and in your relationship
with with the with the plumber that may
be a little bit different because if
your plumber had been Elon Musk and he
started with the details at first and
something that maybe initially didn't
make sense because your relationship is
probably different he has earned the
right to elaborate first and then give
you the no I'd be like Elon no get to
the point get to the
point but I think what's important for
people to recognize is that sometimes we
are let's say in a business context and
they may have heard the guideline well
tell a story because a story is just so
attention grabbing and memorable and
that's not the case you have to earn the
right for those details and you have to
learn the right for the for the story
sometimes you do have to start with a
conclusion depending on your on your
Rapport so if you start with a
conclusion you you you need to back it
up but it should also be should it be
like a surprising
conclusion in other words should have
some novelty as well such as uh I'm
going to show you over the next 40
minutes that everything you knew was
wrong would that that be a good one
yes so you can uh you can start with
something that um challenges the status
quo challenges a a personal Norm
challenges uh the way that uh that
you're thinking in some way not that
many people business people know how to
do this by the way they want to start by
not dis discarding accuracy they want to
be precise and and correct you're
talking about those budget meetings you
don't want to disregard accuracy in a in
a in a budget meeting but why not you
know in the book by the way you'll learn
about this this notion of exaggeration
and um disgard discarding accuracy
whenever whenever you can in a way
that's Mindful and playful so as you
think about your hooks for instance sure
some unusual stats could do the trick
but um what about an unusual photo or
something that you did not you see you
did not predict like we were talking
earlier so um I I'll just tell the
viewers that several years ago you
helped me build a presentation a slide
deck that went with my public speeches I
was giving corporate speeches and I had
an experience with that that was so
uniform I I'd give my talk and usually
it was a group of people who were there
because they wanted to hear me so you
know there were a friendly crowd
everything would go great and then
afterwards maybe I'd sign some books or
say hi to people and people would come
up to me and I swear to God every group
said the same thing who made your slide
deck like who who did that because
because it was so so different than
anything that I'd ever done or even seen
really so I I can confirm that the the
science that you were putting into it
even a few years ago before you even did
this book was already completely
lighting brains on fire like like people
were just like B like what did I just
see and they would talk about it and
they would come they would act that
that's the ultimate test getting
somebody to act but and they all acted
the same way where where did you do this
how did you do that and you know I would
tell them that you help me Etc so uh I
recommend this
book made you
look K Simon PhD and uh thank you so
much for joining us Carmen um and making
us smarter and uh anybody who reads this
book is going to do a lot better in your
presentations getting people's attention
and basically your life in general so
even if you're not in this kind of
business you might be interested for the
uh the academic intellectual why does
something work and something doesn't
it's really it's really a fascinating
drive inside the brain it feels like
taking a trip inside a brain that's what
it feels like thank you so much for for
all the kind words and thank you for all
the attention that we got here in the uh
in the chat box and um keep in mind that
if you do attract attention you can stay
on people's minds and when you do will
live longer all right great thanks for
joining and I'll talk to you later and
everybody thanks for joining and I'll
see you tomorrow same time same place
bye for now