[Music]
hey
everybody come on in
here I know you want to Tyler Russell
Mark
Carla and arleene and the rest of you
Paulie and Kevin and ogga gather around
make sure you run run I say to grab your
cup your mug your flask your
thermos grab it all and when you've got
it you know what time it will be I think
you do it will be time for the
simultaneous sip will you join me please
and lift your tankered for the
simultaneous
sip oh that is good um in a few minutes
we are going to have a guest on Ed
ladimer uh I'll I'll give more detailed
introduction in a minute uh but while
we're waiting for him to fire up the
Periscope and select the guest
option um let us talk about some uh
things in the news at the
moment all right um so
so uh apparently president Trump is
getting a lot of uh push back for his
horrible horrible
comments about war hero
deceased uh deceased Statesman and
Senator John
McCain and every time I watch somebody
complaining about the president's
treatment of John McCain I always ask
myself the same thing
would they say that
privately would any of the people who
are complaining terribly about the
president's treatment of John McCain if
you were in a room privately with a
person who is like oh my God it's so
terrible that he's he's uh bmer merching
the memory of
a of a uh of a dead person and and I
keep saying to
myself I don't know that anybody would
say that privately would they I mean
literally would anybody say privately
that that they personally are
offended now I think most people when
they're talking about how horrible it is
that we're talking about um a a war hero
in a negative way I think most of those
people are assuming that somebody else
is
offended could we make an
agreement to simply be offended by
things that offend us personally you
don't really need to be offended on
behalf of other people who may may may
or may not
exist
um
Ed Ed laimer if you are listening U I
think I've got a message
from can't see the guest option huh can
one of you who is uh watching this on
Periscope we're waiting for Ed to join
um but maybe uh can somebody explain in
the comments where the prompt is that oh
actually let me let me call on somebody
who's who's on
here yeah I'm going to call on a guest
just to explain how to find and click on
the guest button because I think it's
not
obvious so watch How I solve this
problem using all the technology guest
can you hear
me good could could you tell me how you
found uh because I haven't used the
guest option before where is the uh the
icon or the prompt to join as a guest
there's just a little button at the
bottom near the left with two sort of
smiley
faces so Ed look for the icon that has
two little smiley faces one superimposed
on the other one click that and that
should get you in um while you're here
did you have a question or a
comment uh yeah I did want to question
you about the the transgender thing in
the women in sports oh before um before
you do that somebody just made an
important point and if you're watching
this you have to uh you have to watch
this on the Periscope app not on Twitter
Twitter will show the video live but you
can't join directly through Twitter so
if you're if you're watching it on
Twitter there should be a periscope um
icon if you click that it'll take you to
the Periscope app and then that will let
you join so I think I think that was was
the problem so yes you were you were
going to make a w Ed is uh getting ready
to join um you what was your comment
about the transgender well I feel that
your position on transgender women and
like sports is sort of inconsistent with
your position on
abortion I'm not even sure they have
anything in common well you say you stay
out of abortion because we should go
with what the majority of women want so
if the majority of women say wanted to
not have you know transgender women
competing against them in sports
shouldn't we consider their
opinion well here's uh let me go back to
uh rule number one rule number one in
the Scott Adams universe is the anal IES
are not the same as reason so those are
just two different things so when you
ask me that question here's how it
sounds in my head Scott you say that
transgender people should be able to
compete in women's sports but how do you
explain the fact that oranges have
Peels and I just say I don't those are
just different situations so I don't I
don't accept that there's any
commonality in those two situations um
however let me let me not you know try
to use the trickery to get out of the
question the the uh the
issue is whether or not uh the majority
can block the
minority so we live in a world in which
you wouldn't want somebody to have said
in the past uh we don't want to
integrate the military because the
majority of the military says they don't
want to do it so you you would never
take the majority
opinion on a question of discrimination
because you wouldn't even have a
question of discrimination if the
majority was already in favor of it but
is it
discrimination right if is women
discrimination they're because they're
they're biologically men so if women
don't want to compete against biological
men which they don't right now should
they be forced
to uh um nobody is forced to uh compete
everybody can say I would I would rather
not be on this team so I think what you
would find is that it would be more like
the Renee Richards situation which is
Renee Richards was transgender and
played women's um played women's uh
tennis and it didn't destroy the sport
in fact she didn't even become number
one she she started when she was older
but the the question is um if you were
let's say an MMA fighter or a female
boxer that would be a situation where
you definitely you know you would want
to give all the competitors an option to
not fight if they thought it would be
dangerous and I think that that would be
something that they would they would
take that option but um if if the rules
if the rules of the sport are that women
are in a certain league and the rules of
society is the transgender
is um is is let's say taking you to your
true gender or the gender that you
prefer and the one that Society has
decided
collectively that we're going to respect
as long as those two rules are
inforce that this is what it means to be
to say that you're a woman in society
and the rules are that women are in this
league you would have to change one of
the rules to not let them compete now if
somebody wants to talk about a rule
change for that purpose that
conversation's not happening um and
maybe it would but my point of view is
that these things always look like
there's a reason to
discriminate until we we go ahead and
make the change and then time goes by
and you say to yourself I guess it
didn't make any difference IM imagine
going back in time to the conversation
about women the women having the right
to vote can't you imagine being in a
room you know back in whenever this was
early in the
1900s can you imagine that the men were
saying well if the women vote all hell
is going to break loose it's just going
to be terrible and then women voted no
that sounds like an analogy to me that
doesn't make sense with what well no
here here I'm giving you examples not
analogies I'm telling you that
throughout time examples are always
useful um throughout time whenever we
thought the way you're thinking now
which is wait there's a really good
reason
that we we should discriminate we've
always had a reason but when we got past
it we found out our reasons were pretty
much in our heads and I would say that
the Renee Richards situation um would be
one of
those uh try sending the guest
again all right so the the guest option
is turned on by default so every so
right now I have five guests who oh
Scott when I did it I had to authorize
it to enable my
microphone time I think there's a yes uh
there's a different issue here I think
he's not seeing the option okay it is on
has he
updated I don't know it could be oh
maybe that's it um because I just had
update this morning is app updated yeah
that option wasn't in the old version of
the app
right all right
um let me the part that people always
argue with me is the part that we're not
disagreeing about so if I could change
one thing about the world it would be
for people to stop arguing with me while
agreeing with me and oh
[Music]
yes not not browser
um the the thing that people keep saying
to me when I talk about the transgender
issue and my position that they should
be allowed to play in the women's
leagues is that uh people keep saying
Scott don't you understand that that
they will have more muscles and have an
advantage and I say yeah we all
understand that we all understand that
that's that's not part of my reasoning
all right I think Ed is is here I
believe I just saw him joining and so
Nicholas I'm going to drop you and go to
Ed thanks for
calling Ed will be with us in one moment
Ed Ed Ed are you
there ye yes I can hear you hey hello
that took a little while but I figured
it out sorry I was unclear in my
directions I I I think you may have been
using the browser version that doesn't
have that option I started I started
with the browser and then I then I
realized okay I had to download this app
so I downloaded the app and then once I
went in with the app and now everything
is all good we're right here all right
great well I'm glad to actually talk to
you live I've been following you on
Twitter um I I will tell the the viewers
here that uh if you're not following Ed
on Twitter you're missing one of the
best follows so here behind me is Ed's
um Twitter handle and what I what I love
about Ed is that he has uh one of the
most interesting Talent stacks and we'll
talk about this in a minute which is a
completely different sets of talents
which when they're put together are are
really strong and I love his views on
how to succeed how to see the world more
clearly had to take more responsibility
and I'll let do some talking about that
too but Ed could you tell the audience
um some of your uh biography highlights
you know where where were you raised and
a couple of your career highlights so
they they can catch up oh where was I
raised you know it's funny the the app
on for for Android I think iPhone has it
too the Tom hop app you know takes you
back to post you've made over the years
and I just I saw a post I made eight
years ago where I was talking about
where I lived and I grew up on a street
called Mount Pleasant Road
that's right in the heart of like the
worst housing project in Pittsburgh PA
you know so so I grew up in in the
projects and is I'm a product of that
environment the the ghetto all that that
type of stuff uh I got out when I was 18
and and tried college and and wasn't
prepared for it whatsoever at all you
know I faed out in three semesters it
was three fun semesters man it's
probably where I got my first taste of
uh drinking which is which which got
worse into my 20s and eventually I I got
sober and put the bottle down and I
really had to I probably was going to
going to do something unforgivable or or
irreversible uh so I stopped drinking at
20 28 or 27 2013 I old I was then and
but during my 20s I started boxing and I
was really that that really helped the
change and really gave me something to
to Chase and because when you stop doing
something it was so that's so integral
to your personality you know like
drinking was for me you have to replace
that with something and fortunately I
was very H my life was set up for
success and that I was I was really
getting even more serious about boxing I
was taking another step at school I had
just joined the military so I could get
money to go back to school and then
serve and build points on my resume and
I was just starting a serious
relationship and I was like okay I think
there's some uh some potential in this
and you know it's it's still here today
so I guess my judgment was sound but
yeah that's uh that's The Abridged
version there like from so didn't did
you you were a teacher for a while right
did you teach physics oh so so what I am
is I'm a a tutor with a with a school
district around here and that
has defaulted me to the role of teacher
for a lot of the kids and now I have
some homeschoolers as well because you
do something well I've learned people
talk when especially when it comes to
their children and so I I've got a few
kids and and I really enjoyed tutoring
slash teing depending on on the
situation and the student uh for physics
math I I'll do anything well or rather I
used to do anything when I had to do it
for money now that I don't do it for
money at all you know if it's not
physics or math I'm not really
interested so all of my kids now are are
related and or pursuing those
disciplines so you're so your your
talent stack has um you know you went to
college and you were a physics major
right
right uh you're you were professional
boxer 13 one in one was your record
right yeah yeah and every now and then I
I I still think like oh man I might come
back and then I remember how much work
and energy it t it takes to compete even
even at a mediocre level you know was
putting in freaking 20 hours a week
minimum and as as fights come get closer
we're looking at 30 hours a week and
that's just training time we're not
talking studying and physical fitness
and all that or lifting and running and
that's way too much at this point
because my time is valued in other areas
so so now you have a book it's called Uh
not caring what other people think is a
superpower it's on Amazon you can get it
and I love the title by the way um what
one of the things I love about your uh
your your tweets is that almost every
time I read one I end up almost hurting
my neck by nodding in agreement too hard
like uhhuh uhhuh that's it what you just
said and I'm I'm
fascinated by where you came to your
mindset because uh you started with
every disadvantage right you you were in
a poor terrible neighborhood you were
born black in America and then you
started drinking when you were a young
man yeah you pretty much you pretty much
were starting in a deep hole tell me
what it
was was there something about maybe your
parents one of your parents was did
somebody give you give you a leg up in
terms of your mindset where did that
start well well the the real thing that
that really helped me out I was just
writing about this is is boxing was
really really prior to boxing and I
started boxing late uh prior to boxing I
was afflicted with fixed mindset I
really thought that where I was was kind
of what I would have to work with and I
could not improve anything and one of
the the reasons I was writing about this
is is you know in high school I think I
failed uh are really close to it many of
my math classes if not all of them and
now I have a Physics degree in a math
Monitor and I think my math GPA was like
39 and and the reason I was able to do
that and even have the confidence to go
back after these horrible this horrible
experience with math is I watch myself
go from an uncoordinated really
untalented guy in boxing and just by by
little practice every day and and
working with it because I got in the
boxing because I wasn't doing anything
in my life so I go and do this and I'm
like all right I'm either going to get
beat out the gym or I'm gonna I'm gonna
die I'm not gonna quit this at all and
so I just watched myself get better and
better and better and I said wow okay if
I can improve my physical abilities this
way what can I do for my mind right can
can I do the same thing for M right and
and that's what where I came from now in
terms of you know applying that to my
emotional or my my emotional you know
makeup or the way I see problems or my
my psychological
disposition uh it's very similar I I
really understand that nothing's going
to kill me or okay there were things
that are going to kill me I guess but
the wor most of the most of the things
that people freak out about you know
I've seen people get killed man like
like come on like how bad can can life
be you know I've had to to still to to
eat and all that well let me let let me
drill drill down in a few things all
right so so there was the first message
and it's very again it's so compatible
with things I've said and and felt which
is that I I often advise people to find
something that they can do well because
if once you experience going from being
bad as something to being good as
something you often surprise yourself
which is exactly your story here and I
find that finding anything you can excel
at just through practice because the
person who practices the most is going
to get in the top 10% you know all other
things being equal so if you can
practice your way into the top top tier
of any any skill any knowledge any
anything you suddenly think well I could
probably do this again in a different
area so did did you get uh any of your
philosophy from either parent uh not
well well some of it I
mean like like I wouldn't say it's not
accurate to to say I was raised in a
single or to say I was raised by a
single mother but but to say my dad had
like a formative hand in my upbringing
that's also not accurate you know he was
around and he exposed me to some stuff
but for the most part I think I spent
like 95% of my time my mom uh my mom my
mom taught me not to be afraid of people
I really and and afraid of things you
know she she had a lot of flaws herself
but the one thing I really took uh from
my mom my mom was the kind of parent you
know if somebody was was messing with
you outside you know we we went several
times and lined up kids that would be
picking and we would we would just fight
you know we figured out there was no it
was the kind of you know you either get
your ass kicked by them or your ass
kicked by me and you're going to have to
go back out and fight him anyway so you
might as well start so that so that
mentality of of facing
problems uh is probably why I decided or
or how I approach boxing to begin with
and then that that little nudge kind of
thing so it so it sounds like your
mother told you to go at your problems
instead of away from them yeah yeah you
know I
wasn't and you know there's always the
genetic part you know I gotta remember
that that my sister you know she didn't
turn out like me and we got the same
parents right yeah but what made me me
is there are some things you know I'm
I'm also just I'm I'm I'm stoic I guess
I don't really get attached to to
outcomes naturally that's very I I
trained it but I came with it naturally
and then when you have that kind of
perspective about okay it really doesn't
matter what happens combined with all
right I got I do have to face it because
right now it's an
inconvenience
you you don't have a
problem let let me give you some of the
things that my mother taught me and see
if any of these ring ring true I came I
basically came out of the birth canal
hearing the words you're going to
college like you know none of my parents
didn't go to college there's nobody my
family had gone to college at that point
but when we were born my mother said
you're going to college you're going to
college like we we didn't even know
there was another Choice the other thing
she told us is that you could be the
best at anything you want to be totally
untrue but very
motivational because because she she
taught me a world where I had unlimited
potential until I found out otherwise
she also told me to make decisions even
if I wasn't sure to have a bias for
action so it was always act you know
it's not about thinking it's about
acting and then she also taught us to
figure it out ourselves so my college
experience was figure it out figure out
where you want to go and how you're
going to go there and I'll I'll help
help you pay for it so th those are the
big lessons I got um you seem also big
on the um taking responsibility that
that seems to be a theme that runs
through a lot of your
tweets oh for sure and and I also see
the not caring what other people think
is a superpower if if people only got
one thing out of this it would be a
superpower I I tell people all the time
that um that my superpower is the
inability to be embarrassed for
example right so so for example we
started this Periscope and I as your
host did a very poor job of you know
making sure that you knew what to click
and which app to use and stuff so you
know I had to tap dance and in in any
normal situation I should be embarrassed
that I failed so hard in front of so
many people but I'm not because I'm
doing a periscope with you we're
providing value I'm having a good time
and I've I'll never remember that that I
had some trouble you know uh getting the
the tech to work so tell me about not
caring what other people think how did
you get to that point because most
people can't get their ego out of the
picture how did how did you get your
ego free from other people's opinions
how did that happen for me personally I
was suffering for it yeah I really felt
like I was wasting some of my friends
can't understand why I'm so hard on the
way I lived my life prior to drinking
and it's because you know a lot of my
drinking was centered around trying to
be this guy that fit in I wanted I
wanted to be liked I didn't care about
being respect so much as uh expected as
I did about people wanting to invite me
to a party or invite me out so that
meant that I had to go I had to go
harder than everybody I was like I
wasn't going to be the most respected
but I was gonna be the most respected
Drinker right I was gonna really push
myself in in that realm right and right
and then I woke up you know it all
starts with the bad hangovers and you
know the text you're like oh I can't
believe I said that are you still going
to be my friend kind of deal and and
then and then it it gradually to
upgrades to doing stupid like
driving with some with some booze in
your system to being flat out drunk and
and I really I really sat and I looked
at myself and I was like yo what what is
all this for right like why I do this
you're smart enough to know so so what
are you doing and and really I was I was
trying to build an image an image I
thought was what what other people would
care about or something and and would
make me be be liked and eventually I
said you know what uh I I was 28 I said
you know I'm going to turn 33 one day I
just happen to use that that number five
years and but but now I'm I'm 34 and I
said I'm gonna turn 33 one day am I
gonna be doing the same or am I
gonna have more options in my life you
know I I I never imagine for example I'd
be talking to you but I guarantee if I
was doing the same stuff you'd have no
interest you probably never heard of me
people probably jail would have heard me
and then that's why been been famous and
popular so so that's where where came
for me I was paying a significant price
but it didn't seem that bad until one
day you know when I when I when I
enlisted because I was still drinking
when I enlisted and then I showed up to
a few drills you know was still you know
wreaking a booze man it must have been
awful but but I went away for the basic
training and AIT and all that and I I
spent for the first time of my life I
think I I spent it was like 10 weeks man
uh 10 weeks in basic training no
drinking lot of thinking though because
you can't talk and then 22 more weeks in
AIT no drinking lot of thinking and I
said yo I'm I am up like that's
pretty much uh where it came from and
and when I got back man I tried to go
out and party again I made a fool myself
and and that was it that was the last
drink I said you know there we go and
and that's related to not caring because
that's where I was paying for it right
there in fact in the book you I got the
chapter on soate which seems even though
I wrote another book afterwards about
being sober in my journey I got a
chapter in there about how you use your
time and its relationship to SRA because
it was that it's that important to me
and that that's what my pain point was
yeah one of the things that uh nval
raavan said on my Periscope was he said
that in the old days you know if you
went far back uh winning meant working
hard and then if you you more modern
times it really meant about you know
what you've learned you know it was
about your education that would be the
key to success but he says that in
modern times you know now and forward
that the key to success might be your
ability to handle your own addictions oh
and that that might that might be the
single most um you know most important
variable because we can all we all have
access to enough stuff that we could be
successful if we were not addicted to
something that would prevent us so um so
my my great Revelation in terms of uh
how other people thought about me was
one one time I had a face laser laser
treatment on my face to get rid of some
spider veins and for a few weeks my face
looked like it through went through the
windshield of my car so so it was all
you know black and blue it looked like
I'd been you it looked like I'd been in
a in in a boxing match with you and I
hadn't trained and for for the first two
days I said I can't go outside like this
because everybody will look at me and
stare but after a few days you get cabin
fever and you just say oh screw it I'm
going to go to the mall and I remember
walking through this crowded mall with
hundreds of people walking past me and
me with a face they was sort of like you
know the Elephant Man you know got in
the fight sort of thing and and I'm
thinking to myself there's no way that
people can do anything but stare and and
make fun of me or or at least stare and
then I noticed that absolutely nobody
cared nobody looked at me they all have
their own problems and so my my illusion
was that other people care about other
people they care about their loved ones
but they don't really care about
strangers are busy right us you know
they got their own issues and their own
problems you I I thought about something
you said earlier about your your ability
to not be embarrassed I was I was
thinking about this and and I think I
was in a fourth grade and a teacher went
out of her way to make me cry in front
of the class and I cried man I cried
like a little man and I and since
that moment I have never had a problem
being embarrassed that that like that
was my reset point so wow you know not
being embarrassed that that was that was
easy for me you know taking risk was
easy for me being a fool was easy for me
uh what was hard for me to deal it was
feeling rejected and feeling like I was
an outsider like people didn't want me
around to this day to this day I still
have a fear of like throwing or
organizing any type of party because I
don't think anyone's gonna show up
because why would they want to come hang
out with me and and that's that's even
weird to hear come out of my mouth
because even hear right now I'm looking
down it's like I mean I'm sure a lot of
them are here for you but then you know
there people and people follow me on
Twitter and I think like why would
people want to spend their time you know
hanging out with me so so we all have
hangups about about this stuff it's just
how do you manage it and my way of
managing it was very destructive and
then I went and found a better way I
said okay if I can't be like let me let
me be the coolest most respected
accomplished dude ever and and that's
working out for me that's a much better
way because I still have the insecurity
but
now now wouldn't you say i' I've had
this observation before that successful
people are usually successful because of
a flaw not not despite a flaw I mean
they have to overcome whatever obstacles
as well but I would say in my own case
that I'm never satisfied with my own
success meaning the moment I do
something I had planned to do I say well
that's great but it really wasn't that
much and and then I'm you know so so I
have this impossible to satisfy myself
type of Personality which on you have
some version of that so wouldn't you say
that there's a a flaw that drives
successful people oh absolutely because
here's the thing if you if you like
everything about yourself what the hell
are you gonna try and improve you know
right and and that's what all success
comes down to is you know I was trying
to make something cool happen for me or
the world and uh here it is and and even
the people who are out there you know
like like the Elon musular world who are
trying to trying to genuinely create
something that is going to affect and
benefit Humanity you he's he's got to be
that guy is too driven to not have some
issues man like all have something that
is like yo you know if if you don't do
this man you know you know you're gonna
be a piece of right that kind of
thing it's like sitting there in the
back of my mind so you you go do these
things you know it's like working on the
gym you know people people complain like
man running is hard and I'm like yeah
but being fat is hard hard like that's
the respon I can I can deal with with
you know killing myself on the treadmill
but I can't deal with is like feeling
like people are pointing at me going yo
that dude is got a gut like you know and
and everyone's got their own in security
but and however they use it to push them
well here's what I think I think you can
use it uh to push you positively or
constructively or you can use it to in
the most destructive ways to make
yourself feel better some people some
people become leaders you know all right
so
um Having learned what you've learned
you're you're at sort of the perfect
spot of your life and you have the
perfect life Arc to give useful insights
and advice to somebody who is let's say
you and you at age 14 so if you were
going to talk to let's say a kid with
who didn't come from a good sit
situation and is still in a good situ in
a bad situation and you are going to
give them the most
important uh advice something that would
change the way they frame their
experience something that would be you
know doable something you could actually
act on that would improve your life what
would that look like what what are some
of the things you would say to somebody
14-year-old who's got the same
challenges or something or similar to
what you had they're trying to make it
out I I would tell them to figure out
where where where they're like
like their natural motivation is and
then try to become like an ass kicker
like a top 10% there like when I was
younger I always I loved communication
and telling stories and teaching that
was just natural to me you know and so
I'm I think one of the worst things I
did was try to get away from that for a
long time and now it's it's naturally
where I where I find peace at you know
I'm at I'm at peace talking to a bunch
of people teaching people being in front
public speaking there's no nervousness
there that that's my my natural
Advantage if I had focused on that you
know something something that would have
taken advantage of that ability I would
have I would have ignored a lot of and I
guess I did to some extent you know I I
was fortunate enough to to when I was 14
go to another High School across town in
a very different area and get exposed to
a lot of different stuff and one of the
things that that kept me out of it and
you know I didn't NE I didn't like
sports that much but I said let me play
football because I'm going to stay away
from all that so so that was just like a
a secondary way to go about it you know
I I didn't go where I was strongest
which was this kind of communication
leadership role I went and play sports
and and tried to play sports anyhow is
probably a better way to put it uh the
other thing I would tell him bid find
someplace uh where you're where you're
naturally interested in trying to
motivate and get strong is man you get
in the gym I above all things I think
when you when you watch your body
improve you you see that's a thing you
can control and put some time into and
it pays you back quickly people notice
your whole life you know can can go from
Zero to Hero just by spending six months
you know taking care of your nutrition
and yeah that that's exactly what I
wanted to hear you say because Fitness
and um and nutrition are unique and that
it's something that 100% of people can
succeed at you know there aren't there
aren't many things where you could put a
lot of work in and you'd just be
guaranteed to to have a payoff and
that's one of them and the thing that
people don't understand is how much
Fitness influences the way they think
the the kind of challenges they're
willing to take the amount of
embarrassment they're willing to take
you know every every bad feeling that
you have that that limits you is
decreased after a good workout you know
you actually just feel like a different
person after you work and most
importantly here's something that I that
I did not lean on that hard at the
beginning of my boxing career but but
absolutely saved me in the end uh when
you're in the gym and you're trying to
maintain yourself you you kind of sto
doing a lot of that's going to take
away from the gains you have made like
staying out all night drinking you know
that is one of the the things that the
fighting really did for me at the at the
beginning when I was an amateur i i i
adhere to like you know you don't drink
the week of the fight right and that was
hard that shouldn't have been hard not
drinking a week but as I became a pro
and I and it got really serious that was
one of the big factors I said yo you're
trying to do this thing seriously now uh
you probably should just cut out the
drinking entirely you know right well do
working on your body just just puts you
in a place where you don't even have
time to to do a lot of other
that would that would R you down so so
the other things that I see you doing
productively is that you are a a seeker
of knowledge which is and tell me if
I've got this wrong but it seems far
more than the average person you are
actually testing your environment all
the time to pick up a new skill a new
way of looking things read a book you
know have an experience
uh am I reading that right are you are
you absolutely in fact that's one of my
problems right now and it's a good
problem uh is I said when I finished
school I was GNA you know be done with
school and and get get to focusing on
other things in my life that need to be
taken care of and and I really should
keep focus on those focusing on those
but I really want to go and and start
working towards because because I asked
myself I don't I don't remember why read
this but the but the author said that
instead of asking kids what they want to
be when they grow up we should asked
them what problems they want to focus on
what problems they want to solve and so
that that always stuck with me and I
just kept thinking about the the
problems I'm interested in and and why I
was drawn to physics as opposed to other
disciplines and so so now I'm like all
right when can I start my my uh post my
my uh Graduate Studies I guess and and I
know that I I shouldn't do that
but I'm drawn to it so instead what do I
do I I read books and and I try to I
still do problems on my own to make sure
my mind stays sharp and I'm always
listening I just discovered the um PBS
has this great series on YouTube uh
where they where they just break down
different physics problems and stuff
that that's been like the best Discovery
ever is that I can just plug my phone
into the auxiliary cord I don't have the
um I got the old Cadillac at the the
2010 people who know me and follow me
know I take pictures of my Cadillac I'm
a big big fan of this car uh but it
doesn't had a Bluetooth in it so I plug
in the auxiliary core and I'm always
listening to to the podcast about you
know the math mathematics and physics
and I'm my I'm moving to Portugal and uh
in the summer and so now I'm picking up
Portuguese and that's great because I
spent a lot of time working on my
Spanish uh there's just so much to learn
I'm not going to live long enough to
learn even a tenth of what's
important but I try you know and and I
really feel like part of that is my
Natural Curiosity but another part of
that is I really feel I feel deprived of
of a childhood where I was had the
ability to be exposed to things I think
a lot of kids you know people forget or
maybe they don't forget because they I
tell them sometimes I didn't I didn't
play any like pop warner sports or was
none of that because cuz my mom had this
weird issue where she wouldn't she
didn't want us to want me to be known as
just another black a kid right so I
didn't play any sports but I also didn't
get exposed to like any type of like I
wanted to play chess I learn piano or
something things like that none of that
right so so now I I guess I try to make
up for it as an adult where I can do
those things and I can take myself wow
so I'm watching some of the comments go
by people uh somebody said they bought
12 copies of your book and it was
amazing and somebody else said you
should turn it into an audio book oh
yeah I've been meeing to
that yeah uh because hearing it in your
own voice would be more impactful I
think now the the the things that you
can't you can't really change are you
you were born curious and as was I which
makes it easy to learn new skills
because you are naturally curious I
worry about people who are not naturally
curious it seems to me that might be the
biggest maybe the biggest obstacle
anybody could ever have is is to not be
curious I wonder how how how uh
predictive that would be of people's
success uh intellectual curiosity is the
most important thing to me when when
evaluating you know that that when I was
looking at my girl uh when I first met
her I was like oh what an intellect what
a curious person you know I I'm not
really interested in like what you have
learned or or what you have accomplished
I want to know what you are interested
in doing and what what steps you're
taking in that direction you know
because we all have different obstacles
and our different points in our journey
but you know what are you doing to
advance on yours you know so that is
that's what's important to me and
intellectual curiosity ensures that
you're always going to be discovering
different ways to improve your life I
think when I look at people who are who
are stuck H A lot of them are stuck
because because aside from not acting on
the advice they get they don't find any
advice so they don't they don't find
they don't see people who are living in
certain way they're just not exposed to
anything beyond what they know so how
could they know anything beyond let's go
home and
WIP so when I hear you talk and I look
at your your tweets and your advice and
stuff I I always see a theme which I
like to put in my own words which is
systems are better than goals now I'm
sure I'm sure you've had both but when
you talk about you know Contin ously
sampling new things that's a system that
doesn't have a specific outcome but you
know it's going to be better than if you
didn't do it right so that's that's a
good system is that you're going to come
out ahead you just don't know how um so
I see that in everything you do I see a
systems kind of a thinking you know how
do I how do I train you know it's not
it's not about starting with the wind
it's how do I train now uh and so what
else is there anything else that's in
your top three things you would tell the
14-year-old you
um those always the those are those are
like two generals and I'll give them one
specific one you know to quote that old
song man never trust a big button a
smile you don't don't do that uh if if
if you can if you can avoid if you can
avoid dating the wrong people and
picking up alcohol uh then that's me
personally but but really avoid the
wrong people man that is
a well well let me I'm looking I got
look at some of your tweets and I want
to just unpack one so you had a recent
one just 11 hours ago uh and you you
tweeted that people really have uh the
ass backwards nerve to think that their
problem with you is your concern so that
that gets back gets back to your not
being bothered by other people's
opinions I love that one I think you've
talked about that one enough
but um just going to pick another
one
[Music]
uh oh here here's here's one I love your
personal future should make you excited
if it doesn't then something is very
wrong I I always give the advice that
you should have at least one project
going on in your life it could be your
side project but one thing that could
really change the world or change you
you know either one whichever excites
you because I wake up sometimes into a
boring life too you know I just got to
guess stuff done I got some deadlines
but I've always got it might only be 10
minutes that day that I did a little
research I purchased an item I need to
get something done I talked to somebody
I made a phone call but I always have
one little project that could change the
whole world if it worked yeah and you
know usually it doesn't so it sounds
like you're always looking for that
thing to to pull you well I I try to
because look if if you don't have
something
to get you out of bed
man I I feel I can't I can't imagine
that you know and and i' had those once
again you know I always talk about my
life pre-drink post drink right the the
best part about post drink is like every
day man I feel like I gotta make up for
for you know pre-drink and yeah so so so
every day I'm I'm I'm working on on
something to put out there into the
world or some way to improve myself
that's going to help me put something
out better you know to the world now let
let me ask you a a very if you can give
I'm going to ask you an impossible
question so be before you answer just
know that if if you could answer this
question it would be the greatest answer
of of any question because it would
unlock such potential so let me ask the
question and see if I've got my
assumption right first um I'm looking at
one of your tweets where you say success
shows you who who's really rooting for
you and who was hoping you'd fail not
all of your quote friends are going to
be happy you make it and it will show
now I've made the comment that there
there's something called that I call
cultural gravity meaning your friends
are either helping you or they're
dragging you down and um I feel like I
had low cultural gravity because even
though I was born into poor
circumstances I was surrounded by people
who were literally rooting for for me to
succeed and I could feel it all the time
now in your where where you grow up did
you think that people were rooting for
your success or maybe working against it
oh well okay let me let me preface
everything I'm about to say with the
following statement I experienced little
to
no
active interference in my progress right
now in terms of past iive you know
people not really you know the
environment I was around the attitudes
that that I was around oh man the the
hardest part I think about getting out
of of a circumstance like that is as a
child is not just falling into it it's
around you every day and you're reminded
every day that this is the future for
99% of people like you and well well let
me but let me let me ask the a specific
question I'm I assume based on the fact
you have a degree in physics that you
were a good student in school do were
you ever did you ever get mocked for
that oh oh absolutely when I was a child
yeah yeah yeah oh for sure and and and
and how and and how did you overcome
that because so here's the here's the uh
the question that could unlock the
universe I'm hoping the answer is not
it's just something about you that you
were unbothered by is is there a
technique is there a mindset is there
anything that can free you from other
people trying to drag you down by
mocking the thing you're doing for
Success well I you know I used humor a
lot I tried to be I tried to laugh at
them laugh at
myself and and and still though
understand deep down inside that this
was better so so you need you you need a
dream I guess for for yeah you need a
dream to use a cliche term something
you're going after otherwise you know
that that social pressure can can wear
you down I think one of the best things
that happened to me when I was a child
they kept me from to come into and
trying to become friends and really try
to make it in with a lot of people
around me is is I I want to just
different stuff I I couldn't play sports
I wasn't trying to be a sports guy I you
know I was terrified to get my ass
kicked at home so I was I I tried to
stay away from doing anything that was
remotely like bad at question Mar I was
a kid I didn't even swear you know and
because I was afraid they were gonna
call my mom and my mom she ain't care
right I it was just an ass kick so those
things you know I had some deter but
what I wanted was just a different life
I wanted something more man I I would
Tre to my video game do you think so you
you know you know the concept of
emotional uh no emotional intelligence
meaning the ability to um give up on
your current pleasure because you got
something bigger you're working for and
I hear that I hear in you an
emotional uh let's say emotional
intelligence that is unusual meaning
meaning that when you started boxing for
example you knew it was going to be a
lot of bad hard work to to to maybe get
to something good you joined the
military
which is a lot of risk and work and
sacrifice but for something better so
you could get your school paid for do do
you think and when I hear you say you
you had something better in mind for
your life so you could take the mocking
about you know being good in school that
Rings true with me because every now and
then I was I was V Victorian of my tiny
little class and so so all throughout
school there there would be you know
people would call me a nerd and you know
whatever negative word they could come
up to come up with for being a good
student and I always thought to myself
someday you're going to work for
me there there was never one time in my
life I didn't have that that recording
going in my head and it always sounded
the same in my head yeah you're laughing
now check back with me in 20 I didn't
think that way but I always did say you
know I probably am not going to end up
in prison or with kids when I'm 18 you
know I used to think that that was my
you're gonna work for me it was I'm not
GNA be you know in prison with you that
kind of deal but but but I'm really I
mean in term you want to talk about
about luck and there are some things
that I'm really grateful for and one of
the things I'm grateful for is that when
I was when I was 14 going into High
School in in Pittsburgh we have I don't
know if we still have it we haded a
magnet system as long as you got a
lottery magnet system so the was a
school across town completely different
environment and and my mom got up and we
got the first lottery pick uh for that
and I I got to go to a school now
granted now now I had a new challenge
which was uh part of that school did
feed into a a different Hood but I
wasn't around those cuz and it was an
hour and a half bus ride uh every day
there back oh oh hold on hold on I I
feel like we I feel like we just hit
like the key to everything and I may I
may be missing this but you had a mom
who was willing to completely upend your
situation and make you go an hour and a
half to school to get a better situation
this this is very much um a systems
long-term planning I mean your mom
sounds like she was
modeling what you have taken as as a
life philosophy which is this is going
to be seriously hard right now well
let's let's let's uh you know give
credit what credit is do to do sometimes
you know I I I I said earlier in passing
my sister is not like me I mean she
she's doing all right better certainly
but but one of the big differences is
that I had this
unpleasant experience in the middle
school and elementary school and in my
neighborhood and I didn't want any more
of that and I knew that if I stayed
there I wasn't going to get more so I I
pestered and I said that's where I want
to go at the very least I said I don't
want to go around here so we're going to
go and put the lottery in you have to
like go down to the uh Board of
Education and you know put your name in
and all that oh so wait you saying I had
it completely I had it completely
backwards it was you talking your mother
yeah now my sister didn't want to go my
sister went to the local school and so
she ended up you know she still got all
her friends are from there and and
really uh going to that school is is one
of the things that I credit with me not
turning into a total scumbag because
what do you what do you think about the
idea of uh charter schools in are you up
on that I'm not a big expert on that um
but I hear such good things about that
as far as I understand it and I'm sure
I'm going to get not get this completely
right and someone in the comments is
going to kill me but as far as I
understand it it it's still just another
curriculum um that is mandated by
someone else
and my big thing while I'm a big fan of
homeschooling is that it you you're not
moved on the pace of your peers you're
moved on the pace that you're on and
what your parents feel is important I
mean these are the people who decided
hopefully decid anyhow that your life
was important enough to produce so they
should get some say or and certainly
more say than I think uh most people
have and how it's directed and what
you're exposed to and how you're
you
know I I have to say I started out the
first time I ever heard about
homeschooling you know when when it
first started being in the news my first
impression was feeling sorry for those
kids because they you know didn't get a
regular school experience but I realized
later in life and I heard more about it
and I saw more kids who went through
homeschooling I don't think I've ever
seen a homeschooled kid who was messed
up right because people the wrong idea
it's not like it's not like you know
you're sitting in a room and your
parents are your teachers and that's all
you know your only now granted they are
like they should be instructing you but
it's not like that's your only exposure
like like my girlfriend was homeschooled
in a homeschooled Co-op it was a
neighborhood of people and then and to
be part of that Co-op uh one of the
parents brought a skill set that they
would teach to you know the kids and
then they they switched off and and then
they were just raised in a different
environment there wasn't you know PE
people always talk about you know they
need socialization I'm like have you
seen the people that come out of regular
school like it's not like it's not like
that's doing a great
job yeah yeah if if I look at my school
experience if I had never heard of
homeschool and somebody said well how
was your school experience I'd say you
know normal good no
problem went about the way you'd expect
but then you actually if you actually
think about it cuz you just get used to
your own experience like you're you just
think whatever you're doing is the
normal thing but much of it was
horrific much of it was just horrific
and I wouldn't have had that if I had
been homeschooled lot of a lot of stuff
as they say you know you can't unsee or
unremember man school is not and when I
talking about the normal taunting man I
mean we used this just between the
fighting and and the fight is a big
thing because that's one of the things
that set me back is when I was coming
out of uh Middle
School where I was supposed to be
learning we were too busy dealing with
disciplinary issues so I never I'm like
oh man this algebra thing is bust my ass
Well turns out no one ever I never
learned Algebra I was too busy dealing
with kids getting kicked out on fights
having be broke up right all right so uh
we're coming to the end of the uh our
hour here and this was great and I want
to remind everybody uh if you're not
already following Ed ladimir on Twitter
you're missing one of I I put you in my
top five whenever anybody asks me who
they should follow on Twitter I I
usually have a you know several names
but you're always in my top five um and
always enjoy seeing your tweets I love
your story I love what you're putting
back into the universe Ed I love I love
the the positivity and and what I'd call
the the useful thoughts that you're that
you're projecting into the universe
they're amazingly useful so I appreciate
you very much I hope everybody goes and
buys your book and follows you uh and
say the name of your book again I'm not
caring what other people think is a
superpower Insight from a heavyweight
boxer and also if you're struggling with
any type of addiction my my other book
uh sober letters to my drunken self is
about the emotional transition that I
that I made from you know being an
alcoholic to being sober now for five
years and I I hope a lot of people get a
lot out of that I wrote that book you
know is a piece on my heart man I wanted
I wanted to give something back that was
really help people that's very valuable
and I would say um my startup makes an
app called the interface interface by
whenhub in which experts which could
include addiction counselors or just
people who are experts in in any field
can take calls for people and people can
charge for those calls anything they
want so and if you ever wanted to use
that someday you probably would have a
built-in audience and I could help you
promote that and uh but I'll just throw
that out there you don't need to answer
about that um and um say goodbye
everybody bye Ed see you thank you for
having me all right thanks
Ed all right that was our show for today
and I will talk to the rest of you
tomorrow