it's time to get your swaddle on get
mine on if I could find the long side oh
so much better
oh my goodness Oh
get yourself a warm blanket it's the
best so let's catch you up on what's
happening in the last 12 hours does all
of this feel like Groundhog Day to you I
don't know about you but there's a
certain sameness to every day now
because I feel like I feel like I wake
up I do some cartooning and do a
periscope and I talk about the same five
things and then there's a press
conference with the president and the
task force and they babble the same
meaningless stuff that doesn't mean
anything and you can't you can't
understand it in context you don't know
if that's enough ventilators or not
enough you really don't know anything
but they sure talk a lot then it's this
time of night then I do this again if
then I'll be going to bed pretty soon
and then I'm gonna get up and I'm gonna
do exactly the same thing again it's
starting to feel a little repetitive am
i dead is this hell where I just wake up
every day in the pandemic but it's it
never gets worse and it never gets
better it's just it's about the same
yesterday do you remember yesterday
today's like that but a little bit
different anyway
but there are some small differences we
will talk about them so there's a
website that lets you estimate your
chances of getting the coronavirus and
then if you get it your your odds of
dying from it I'm I'm not proud to say
then I thought oh I got to find out if
I'm gonna die from the corona virus so I
I just retweeted the site so if you want
to find it for yourself go to my Twitter
feed and it's near the top and what do
you put in your particular you know your
gender and age and some lifestyle stuff
what your situation is and this is what
it spit out for me and tell me if you
think this sounds reasonable
it says I have a fifty five percent
chance of catching the virus now I
putted that I literally am completely
alone do I have a fifty five percent
chance of catching it all alone in my
house just because what I get mail you
know I I ordered food that's pretty high
so I'm not sure I believe I have a fifty
five percent chance but the next thing
is what are my odds of dying from it so
again I put in my particulars and it
said that if I get it my odds of dying
from it or 2.6 percent the equivalent of
one hundred thirty eight people so or if
people are in betting odds there's no
there's a thirty seven to one chance I
won't die so if you want it if I get the
coronavirus and you want to bet on me
you know if you want to do a Dead Pool
the the odds apparently are thirty seven
to one that I would survive not bad not
bad on the other hand is there anything
else as that much of a chance of killing
me by the end of the week
probably not so it news from the
simulation I think I think I'll make an
ongoing segment that is just news from
the simulation what I mean by that is
the idea that we're a similar software
simulation and if we are there might be
some code reuse meaning you would see
some patterns that recur that seemed
like more than coincidence of course
this is just for fun because they're
just coincidences but I like to point
them out because the alternative
explanation that you live in the
simulation and there's code reuse is
just way more fun here's the example
according to the news a tiger at the
Bronx Zoo in New York City has tested
positive for corona virus in what may be
the first confirmed case of an animal
being infected now do you know what is
scarier than a tiger you know assuming
that you're in the same room with the
tiger do you know what is scarier than
that a tiger with corona virus that's
sort of two ways to kill you it's like
oh good news you know the the zookeeper
pulled you away before you were mauled
totally by the tiger you just got some
flesh wounds
well now the bad news you got a little
bit of corona virus so what are the odds
that we're all going to be watching the
tiger King on Netflix it's like yeah
it's all the news and social medias like
tiger king tiger king tiger king and
then the first animal they gets the
corona virus there's a tiger now I don't
have to tell you that there are many
animals in the world you got your cats
you got your dogs you got your birds I
could go on but I think you see the
point there are many animals but there's
only one animal that's sort of all in
the headlines at the moment well I guess
you could say bat but you know bat would
be the other one but
I would be you know too on-the-nose it's
like it comes from a bat and then a bat
gets it yeah that's no good but if the
only animal that gets at first is a
tiger at the same time the Tigers are on
Netflix okay maybe it's a coincidence
or maybe we live in a simulation just
maybe all right so yeah as I said the
press conference was again very
inadequate in my mind and Jake Tapper
had a good piece today and seeing in
which he was asking the president what
the plan is and I thought yeah it's time
to ask that question I think it wasn't
time a little bit earlier so you know
you have to allow that there's the fog
of war there's collecting data and we're
learning things and testing things so
you don't always have to have a plan to
that to the end state in the early days
because you're just finding your footing
but I think we're just about at the
point especially because of the economic
risk where we sort of has to ask for
that don't we don't you think this is
the time to start saying well just in
broad strokes
what's it sort of look like because I
don't quite understand the part where we
go back to work in whenever it is a
month or two months or three months
whatever it is I don't get that part
because doesn't it just come roaring
back
I mean reasonable people have asked and
it is the only thing we're trying to do
to slow it down so it doesn't over
overwhelm the hospitals that's it
so we're just sort of waiting and then
we'll send out some work any pigs to get
it but that's the plan now it could be
that we're you know just another week or
so would really tell us a lot about the
the hydroxide hydroxychloroquine in
particular
so there might be a good reason to wait
but I think the public has a right to
start demanding some answers and you
know my big pet peeve once again another
day goes by in which reporters are
desperately trying to ask a question
about the sufficiency of various
supplies they're trying to ask the
question in a way that they can get any
kind of a useful answer and they really
can't can they you're noticing that
right so you're noticing that the
reporters are saying okay but how many
ventilators do you need and how many do
you have you know they're getting pretty
close to asking the right questions now
and you're not getting anything like an
indication of a shadow of a suggestion
of an attempt to even answer the
question I mean it doesn't matter who's
standing up there nobody is taking a
swing at that why is it because we don't
know that we're you know we're ten
percent of the way or ninety percent of
the way we don't know we can't even put
a range on it and say well we don't know
for sure where he hope it's over 70
percent but you know we're not going to
take a chance of working that if we have
to go over a hundred percent and we're
gonna do it and we're gonna try really
hard I mean there are a million ways you
could give a useful answer without
precision but the fact that they can't
even give a useful directional
approximate we hope it's in this range
kind of an answer they just spew out the
same raw statistics four thousand
ventilators or six thousand gloves took
from a car and put it in a trunk
maybe we asked some pretty we had
somebody make some gowns
you know there's 75 thousand gowns that
maybe on a truck were possibly plain we
don't know where they are but in
separate news
there are also 70,000 gowns oh wait I'm
just giving you the same statistics I
gave yesterday in raw numbers because
you can't tell the difference it sounds
like action but really it just means I
don't know how many we have and how many
we need so pretty pretty disappointing I
gotta say
now if there's some reason that we can't
know that shouldn't no that can't be
collected it's impossible to know really
well you know take your best shot of
explaining it but I don't think I'm
gonna believe whatever you tell me there
is very interesting hypothesis floating
around it's brand-new do you like your
brand new hypotheses that's why you come
here for the brand new hypotheses you
know you know what the old ones so I
could I will not present this with
confidence so there would be some things
that you hear first my periscopes that
might turn out to be kind of important
but there might be other things you hear
that turned out to be nothing later so
in the with the understanding that it
could go either way and I don't have an
opinion on it I'm just going to pass it
along because it's so darn interesting
so there's a growing body of anecdotal
information and I'll see if I can do my
best to explain this that the mechanism
for why this virus is killing people
specifically the pneumonia lung part
maybe we're looking at it all wrong
meaning scientists and doctors and the
argument for that is that the the way
the lungs look to the doctors who handle
these things is exactly like high
altitude pulmonary edema and I don't
know the details but it has something to
do with damage to your lungs if you're
at high altitude for too long
so apparently doctors who know what that
looks like and there's there's a whole
checklist of okay that the lungs look
like this does it you know just blah
blah blah so there's a pretty long
checklist to show that you have this
high altitude pulmonary edema and at
least on the internet if you can believe
random things on the Internet Cove in
nineteen meets all of the checklist so
that doesn't mean that doesn't mean it
is
high altitude pulmonary edema it means
it has the same checklist so that raises
a question you know do we even
understand what's going on here so the
hypothesis goes like this and this is
not mine I'm just passing along that the
the damage from the virus is in the
blood before the lungs so in other words
the blood becomes damaged to the point
where it can't hold oxygen and then it
doesn't matter what your lungs are doing
because your blood can hold the oxygen
efficiently anymore so then the lungs go
into some kind of bad state without the
oxygen I guess so
furthering this hypothesis is the fact
that there's anecdotal but not yet
clinically proven evidence that
hydroxychloroquine malaria malaria drug
might work and I'm told
again I'm Way out of my depth here so
just you should discount everything I
say now you should forget you were even
here yeah save him or you know if
anybody asks you what you did recently
just say nothing I took a nap I was not
listening to a crazy hypothesis that
that doesn't have sufficient credibility
yet but I will tell you that I'm hearing
this from smart really smart people and
from doctors so this is a full crackpot
theory so that at least two people with
MD behind their names have been saying
this in public
hey it looks like this high-altitude
thing and it would also explain why the
malaria drug works because apparently
malaria has that same quality if I
understand it right I need a big fact
check on this if anybody can help me
that malaria affects the blood not so
much the lungs and it might be exactly
why the hydroxychloroquine appears to be
working for the the cove at 19 because
it might be doing something protective
with the blood the same way it protects
the blood from the malaria is the
hypothesis now
what are the odds I would put on this
that I wish the only reason I would put
the odds of this being this alternate
explanation being fruitful is that there
are an awful lot of experts looking at
this thing so it would be weird to be
and unexpected if we had gotten this far
and somebody would have an aha moment of
this magnitude not impossible do not
rule it out whatsoever so I've seen
nothing that would rule them down but
I'm so unqualified that you know I can't
rule them in or out but I would say it
falls into the class of things which in
general are unlikely and as the let's
call it the Perry Mason moment for those
of you old enough to remember an old TV
show Perry Mason the Perry Mason moment
is you know he's in the courtroom he's a
he's a famous lawyer trying the case and
he gets somebody who's in the audience
to confess to the crime yeah that's the
the Perry boys in the basement moment
because it's the most unexpected outcome
is that there's a defendant on trial and
you're such a good lawyer that you get
somebody in the audience to confess
during the trial so it's like a Perry
Mason thing that we would find out this
late in the game and all of those
experts would not have sniffed this out
by now leads me to believe it's in the
category of unlikely things but I got to
tell you that the people talking about
it are smart people so you're gonna have
to weigh that really smart people
talking about it really smart people but
it's in that category of things there's
quite often they're not true so I keep
an eye on that let's see what else we
got going on Boris Johnson apparently is
pretty sick with the corona virus and
that is terrible but it makes me ask
this question and maybe in the comments
you can tell me
it has has there been any celebrity
let's say famous person so not a
celebrity just a famous person has there
been the first famous person to die of
the coronavirus and I'm not saying this
for sensationalist reason there's going
to be a an actual point to this because
I believe there have been relatives of
famous people am i right
relatives of famous people and people
who had some status but I've never heard
of them in other words a somebody had
been famous 90 years ago and stuff and
here's the question how many how many
famous people die every year of regular
flu of which we now all know there could
be you know fifty thousand a hundred
thousand one hundred and fifty thousand
so does the regular flu kill celebrities
every year because that's a lot of
people people are saying Joe Diffie and
I think Oh Joe definitely the country
singer does he die Bill Withers
celebrity he died okay
so now we still have the problem of if
they had died of the regular flu would
it be reported as they died of the flu
probably not right and if they had died
of something just because it was time to
die but they also had a little corona
virus in them they would be reported as
dining of the corona virus so here's
just a question I'm not even sure I can
make a point out of this yet I see the
name John Prine go by but I don't know
that is Ellis yeah Marsalis yeah his
father right so there were some some
relatives and stuff but keep an eye on
this if it's if it turns out that you
keep hearing of celebrities dying
from this but we never hear of
celebrities dying from the regular flu
even though we know that the regular flu
if you were just compare the beginning
of this one to a full flu that's going a
full season the full flu would have a
much higher body count in its in its
fullness than we have seen in this early
stage of this one so it's just something
to keep an eye on all right
apparently analysts at UBS to say that
the the bookings for cruise is next year
what do you what do you guess is the the
booking rate for cruises next year so
cruise ships of course are scarier
because everybody's afraid to get in the
coronavirus on a cruise ship but what do
you think of the bookings look like for
2020 one way up or way down turns up
they're up sharply they're up 9%
compared to last year so cruise bookings
are up now the story goes on to say it
might be just the people who rebooked
you know they're just optimist and like
let's just give it a year we'll just
push it out of here so you've probably
got you know it could be only nine
percent really had the original idea in
theory is just mathematically speaking
it couldn't be only nine percent new
people and all the rest are just read
books I doubt that's the case but you
get the point so here's where I'm going
with this when you're trying to figure
out what will be the final economic
outcome of this let me give you a little
economic lesson and it's a it's a
variety of things I've said before let's
say you are the cruise industry and you
just got done you just got creamed this
year I don't want to say decimated
because that only means 10% so you're
the cruise industry you just got wiped
out so all of 2020 is just nothing but
you know hundreds of billions of dollars
of losses but let's say it's six months
from now or yeah let's say it's the end
of the year
and the problem is behind us
sufficiently that people feel safe going
on a cruise but your your industry has
been you know just destroyed you've got
all this debt then can you get a loan to
reopen your business and the answer is
if you've got if you've got bookings for
the entire year you probably can the
only thing that would prevent you from
reopening is that you're all your
customers went away if you're a good
business before this before the problem
if you are already a good business and
the only thing that happened was you
took on a whole bunch of new debt while
the government might pay some of that
depending on your situation but and and
some companies might go bankrupt but the
assets would still exist and another
company could say well you guys ran up a
lot of debt and you can't pay it back so
sorry you're bankrupt but we'll buy your
ships will buy your operation and we'll
just start our own company and all the
customers are still there so would the
new the new cruise industry that bought
all these assets for practically nothing
the bank lost a lot of money but the
cruise ship has all the bookings for
next year and they've got a cheap boat
lots of cheap ships I guess so it seems
to be that if you have this critical
thing which is that people have booked
the business in advance you can open up
so let's take this to its logical
conclusion
you've got restaurants that are just
getting killed very difficult for a
restaurant to get it credit or to get a
loan but suppose you used something like
open table or one of these online
reservation systems and they might have
to tweak the system so you can make a
reservation a year in advance what if
all of us decided to save the restaurant
industry and you can only do so much now
because you know you can you can do what
I just did before I got on ordered some
food for
delivery you can get takeout that's not
enough I mean you know you're lucky if
they can limp to a point where where
something is better but what if there
was there was an online system and all
of us could go online and just book like
once a week or whatever is our normal
normal amount of eating out and just
book all your local restaurants for the
entire 2021 so that when the restaurant
goes to their bank and says we got
killed this year but I can I've got a
really good idea that we're gonna have
strong business next year and if you
want to know why we les I'm actually
booked for every night in 2021 every
night with real people with real names
now I can't guarantee every one of them
shows up but you know the system will
prompt them I think they'll still be in
a mood to want to save the local
restaurants maybe you should give me a
loan because what's what's better than
this this is better than my regular
business I never had this much business
I've never been booked every day so
there may be a way because I keep
telling you that that all of economics
is always a psychology experiment and
part of the psychology is to get people
to guarantee your business in pretty far
future because if you can credibly be
you know guaranteed some future business
you can get a loan and you're back in
business
so there are a lot of things that are
really different about this situation
and starting back the economy that I
think we've never seen before and and
everything that I feel about it suggests
it's going to be way better than you
know even even good estimates are so I
call me a call me a super bowl on human
innovation and ingenuity when we when
it's time to crank back the economy yeah
you saw all the the ingenuity that's
going into dealing with the medical
aspect of the coronavirus I mean amazing
amount of energy
nobody just tremendous we're gonna have
that same amount of ingenuity on the
financial tinkering on the economics of
the business models you know if you if
it's not your thing
and you're not a business business
person it may be scarier and look like
there's not as much flexibility to do
things but I think I could speak for
most experienced business people and
entrepreneurs you should check this by
the way you know I I can't really speak
for everybody but I have a feeling that
that people who know the most about how
to create a business you know what a
business model looks like what are the
requirements how do you get credit you
know the basics of business I think the
people who know that most about that are
probably going to be among the most
optimistic about how quickly we can give
back and that has to do with the fact
that the people with experience have
greater visibility about where all the
buttons and levers are so I could you
know say you know sometimes if you're
experienced in something you can smell
the solution before you before you know
what it is you know say you're an
experienced mechanic or engineer or even
artist anything often you just you know
where the solution is you can just smell
it but you can't describe why it's just
something about your experience that
says yeah there's something here I don't
know what it is but there's definitely
something here
and so my contention is that those of us
with lots of business experience see
this economy as having every potential
still the moment it opens up we're gonna
have to re-engineer on the fly you get
really clever get really creative work
really hard be really disappointed get
back up make it work again but it
happens to be also the thing we do best
you know what what do what Americans do
better then figure it out right if there
was one thing you could say that defines
Americans and I know I'm talking to an
international audience but maybe you
would agree - yeah this could be just a
you know
that American thing I don't know but if
you had if you said all right tell me
one thing that defines an American you
know I'm not counting about you know
loving the country in the Constitution
stuff let's say let's say that's all the
given but what makes the the character
of an American what's the most defining
feature we can figure stuff out that's
our most defining feature give us a
problem we'll figure it out go to the
moon we'll figure it out
cure a cancer we're getting there you
know it's not done but we're getting
there build an electric car you know you
name it you got a problem humans are
really really good at solving problems
even ones we've never seen so I think
you're going to be really surprised in
the positive way when the things open
back up that we will have a better
recovery than 90% of the world believes
so I'm gonna put me in the 10% we're
super optimists because I'm gonna bet on
people and I'm gonna bet on the best of
us so I'm not even betting on average
people because average people you know
if you can find your way back to your
old job that's probably good enough but
so so most of us don't need to do
anything heroic we just need to show up
but like everything else there are going
to be those you know that 1% that 2%
maybe it's 10% but the best of us are
going to figure out how to do it
differently because that's the whole
thing right you can't just go back to
work like nothing happened you got some
problems to solve but they're well
within the solvable range for the most
clever among us who have the right
intentions and everybody's really sort
of got the same you know direction so
all good news I was asked to give you
some tips on how to relax which I'm
going to do right now this is the
portion in which I tell you how to enjoy
your your social isolation and how to
bring down your
your feelings of anxiety should any
arise it's tense times I know number one
you're gonna have to take breaks from
social media and the news you just have
to very important you don't have to take
the whole afternoon off because there's
so much happening it really probably
pays to dip in every now and then just
in case something important happens but
you can take an hour off yeah you could
take two hours off so build that into
every day make sure you get a little a
little alone time without the news of
any kind likewise if you're trying if
your goal is removing tension and
relaxing and it should be a goal and by
the way you should be your full-time job
when I think what my job is you know for
my life in terms of the the selfish part
of what I do not the things I might do
for other people but in terms of taking
care of myself I see my job as we
removing my stress that's like the main
job and there are a hundred ways to do
it and many things I would do to get
that done including you know maybe
completing my work on time but
everything is really about my energy and
my stress energy and stress being
related if you have too much stress it
hurts your energy etc so you want to
avoid anything that puts you in the
wrong frame of mind so don't do tense
movies do do companies don't do music
that you know is headbanger music even
if you even if it's your favorite music
just take a break from any music any
music that's provocative or is trying to
work you into some kind of emotional
state that's not the one you want all
right now if you're gonna listen to
classical music you know that's probably
fine but anything they'll put you in the
wrong frame of mind or even anything
that reminds you of you know that past
boyfriend or girlfriend anything like
that just avoid it because that's all
just polluting your mind at a time when
it's hard enough to to keep it keep it
straight
the thing you should do is obviously
avoid caffeine yeah after a certain part
of the day everybody's different so by
now you probably know your reaction but
more than ever if it's your habit to
have a cup of coffee late in the
afternoon maybe rethink that just for
now you know go for decaf yeah it's easy
to get into habits and that and then not
realize that your habit is no longer
suited to the current situation so if
your habit was I drink coffee you know
five o'clock at night never bothered me
before but maybe today it does so just
give a thought that you might want to
change some of your habits to optimize
for this situation so definitely get
enough sleep that's the main thing if
you get enough sleep everything's easier
and you can solve problems easier things
don't bother you you feel better so your
stress will just naturally be better if
you get more sleep so that's that's just
an obviously I cannot emphasize enough
the importance of light daily exercise
as in making sure that you literally get
exercise every day there's such a
difference in what that does to your
stress level and again emphasis on the
light if the reason you don't exercise
is because you just don't like you know
beating yourself up and you know you're
not really that no pain no gain kind of
person I'm not even talking about that
I'm literally just talking about taking
a nice leisurely walk as far as you want
to go you know whatever your body tells
you is right it's so emphasis on the
light part just for stress reduction
this is not about building muscles not
about losing weight at the moment your
top priority is just chilling out
so optimize your exercise for that
objective to chill amped light exercise
walks a great
next I usually make it a point to take
my lunch as as me time and I've always
done this this is this is a longtime
habit so a lot of people will say I have
so much to do I'm going to eat and at
the same time I'm going to be doing some
work so I'll multitask I get that
sometimes we have to do that
but man you should try as hard as you
can not to give yourself that 45 minutes
whatever it is that's just you your food
your beverage and maybe something on
your phone that's not reminding you of
anything tense you know you're not doing
emails necessarily you're texting a
friend watching a YouTube that's funnier
that sort of thing but just just leave
the world behind for a little while now
I've given you lots of sleep tips about
make sure that you use the bed just for
sleeping and adult behavior but you also
want to get your oxytocin up oxytocin is
the drug or the chemical that your body
produces when you have close personal
relationships that are good so if you're
you know making love with something you
love or you're you're hugging somebody
you're just you know canoodling with
somebody in a close intimate way so if
there's somebody like that in your life
somebody that you can spoon spoon it up
so you should spoon for medicinal
reasons you if you're gonna watch a TV
show watch a comedy get in spooning
position on the couch now if your
partner is not watching this right now
you should go to them and say baby I
know we usually set in different chairs
and I know usually that's fine but this
is like getting getting lost this
snowstorm you might have to you know use
your body warmth but it's not a body
once you need it's the oxytocin it's
that feeling of being close to somebody
so your assignment tonight
be it in bed or be it into your couch
this is spooning it up spoon it and
watch how you feel and watch your stress
just melt away so those are your tips I
might think of some more tips later but
don't think too much about the bad news
think about the best possible outcomes
fill your mental shelf space with good
thoughts so that the bad ones don't have
room just think of it as the shelf has
to be filled because you can't think of
nothing you could try but it doesn't
work so if there's going to be something
on your mental shelf space you be the
author put stuff on it
until it's all full keeps the bad
thoughts out that's your trick for
tonight now we'll talk to you in the
morning 10:00 a.m. Eastern 7:00 a.m.
Pacific and we'll solve this pandemic
then I promise