pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom hey Nicholas
hello Seabus mom if I pronounced that
correctly Chris let's break open reality
with the words hammer I like that
good morning good morning everybody if I
seem a little tired right now that would
only be because I'm a little tired right
now so I did my travelling yesterday I'm
back on home court territory first day
on periscope for somebody here welcome
all right so is it my imagination or has
the news coverage of President Trump
suddenly gone from you know DEFCON 25 -
oh I think we have a president his name
is Donald Trump by the way other things
are happening let me give you an example
of what the CNN homepage used to look
like and only a few months ago it wasn't
that long ago that the top of CNN would
be Trump eats a baby Trump wants to
raise your taxes and give it all to
himself
Trump is probably crazy Trump is going
to start a war Trump doesn't know what
he's doing
Trump's white house is disorganized
remember that what happened to all of
that stuff did it stop becoming a
problem that the President of the United
States and the guy with the nuclear
codes is literally insane when when did
that stop being a problem maybe it was
never a problem in the first place now
some of what's happening is that the
other news is a little more interesting
I mean how can you really top Virginia
there's there's nothing that Trump could
do well
I'm sure
could top it if he tried but at the
moment how do you top Virginia for just
being the I don't even know how to talk
about Virginia you know a lot of people
have already talked it to death so
there's not much new territory there but
what are the what are the odds that you
could pick a state and say let's let's
talk about the chain of command let's
make a chart well you got your you got
your baby killer
in the top job and when I say baby
killer I mean baby killer racist so you
got your baby killer racist in the top
job but if he leaves at least you could
replace them with the double rapist
alleged alleged alleged double rapist
and if he goes well you've got another
blackface guy and things are not looking
good for Virginia and now everybody is
wondering about their yearbook I I
actually this is no joke I actually
thought about finding my own yearbook
and just you know kind of going through
it just in case I don't really remember
what's in there I I will say with
complete confidence I've never worn
blackface so hey if I run for president
I got that one thing going for me I'm
sure about that anyway the my major
theme here is that if the president is
not being excoriated is that the word on
CNN there's something differents
happening something in the air now
number one the Muller investigation I
think correct me if I'm wrong remember
when I said hey it looks like even even
CNN and MSNBC
looks like they've given up on Muller
there you know the conversation is going
to be other investigations because
Muller doesn't seem to have the goods
let me ask you this if Muller had
evidence that President Trump was
literally a Russian agent do you think
he would just go to work every day do
you think Muller would just go to work
every day like well we have determined
that the President of the United States
is a Russian agent but yeah maybe let's
let's wait till we wrap up this report
we want to make sure we've got all the
details done you can pretty much
guarantee that no matter what they did
find they did not find that the
president is working with or for Russia
you can say that with certainty because
they wouldn't wait would they do you
imagine how mad you would be and Muller
if at the end of it he can't he comes
out and says yes you know about a year
ago we learned that the President of the
United States is actually a Russian
agent but we figured we want to get the
paperwork done and ask a few more
questions yeah we want to be
comprehensive you would immediately say
to yourself my god Muller is the worst
the worst person in the world why would
he let you know a known Russian spy stay
in office just because he hadn't you
know worked through all the details of
the thing so you can pretty much rule
out the worst case scenario for the
president
there's no there is no chance that the
worst case scenario this could have come
to pass with the Muller now it might be
whatever comes out of it might be
problem you know some kind of a problem
but it's gonna be on the on the smaller
side whatever it is all right it seems
to me that we have not shared the
simultaneous it and it's time it's time
grab your mug your cup your vessel your
chalice your thermos your Stein fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
enjoy me for
the cycle TV except alright somebody
said are we really offended by blackface
well let me give you some lessons on how
to deal with a number of sensitive
topics if you're giving a speech in
public and you're tempted to make some
comparison or analogy that involves
Hitler don't do it don't do it no matter
how accurate you think your analogy is
no matter how much you hate Hitler
even if you hate Hitler more than the
audience hates Hitler you might more you
might be the Hitler hating this person
who ever lived but if you're giving a
speech my advice don't mention Hitler
nothing good can come with that likewise
if you're tempted to look at this story
about the Virginia government officials
who are getting in trouble for blackface
and you're tempted to say you know I
think there's some nuance to this story
I think maybe maybe we shouldn't say
they're a racist maybe we should say
they were just wearing costumes don't do
it don't do it you're tempted don't do
it because nothing can come nothing good
can come from that the the only thing
you should say about that situation is
that it's deeply offensive and people
are going to act offended and should
they not I'm not I'm not going to be the
person to say someone should not be
offended because that doesn't even make
sense
what would it mean what would it mean to
you let's say you were offended by
something something else some other
topic let's say you personally were
deeply offended by something what it
helped matters if I told you you should
be offended nope
it would make matters worse the only
thing worse than being offended is to
have some yaho Yahoo Yahoo tell you you
shouldn't be offended that's the only
thing you could make it worse no you
shouldn't be offended don't tell other
people how offended they should be they
are they get that everybody has a right
to be as offended as they want to be now
what they do with it of course is a
different issue but you can't tell
people not to be offended all right most
of what we see as offensive is fake
offensiveness have you noticed that most
of the people offended by anything you
know I'm not talking about blackface in
particular but most of the people who
are offended by anything in the news
tend to be offended on behalf of other
people who they can't quite name at
least you know not by their real name
have you noticed people get offended for
other people if you ask somebody
specifically are you personally offended
by whatever doesn't matter whatever it
is that person will say well I'm not
offended but look at all these people
who are clearly offended or should be
and I'm offended on their behalf I will
act more offended than even the people
who should be offended I'm not even in
the offended category and I'm offended
rarely do you find somebody who will
admit that they are personally offended
do you know why excuse me do you know
why people will rarely say that they are
personally offended they do say that you
know and there are situations where it
matters and it's appropriate but if
something happens is sort of a general
thing or somebody somebody misspeaks or
somebody you know is blind to some
offense and they caused it anyway it's
really hard to find a real living human
who even cares
but we imagine other people are offended
so a lot of it is theater where we where
we imagine were more offended than the
people who are offended all right um
recreationally offended
that's a funny phrase let's talk about
the border negotiations so the news
today according to insiders I guess is
that they might agree to something
closer to two billion in in border
funding but the Republicans are going to
ask for more what's wrong with that
story so the only thing we know is that
of the 5.7 billion that was requested
which was not just for borders the 5.7
billion was borders plus other things
what's wrong with that reporting this
says they're thinking about 2 billion
for the border and some people want more
let me tell you what's wrong with that
reporting yeah what did the experts say
if you if the reporting if you see
reporting this as well we wanted two
billion but we got X that's not
reporting that's not even close to
reporting that is nothing right and
honestly it angers me at this point
because it's not like it's not like the
news organization doesn't know that
experts and engineers exist apparently
they've been called in to testify
they've had plans drawn up for a long
time if the if the news reports to us a
dollar amount personally I'm going to be
way more pissed off then you've seen me
get angry about other things yeah
relatively speaking it's going to piss
me off at about it nine out of ten right
if if the government and our news
organizations were largely connected if
the government in our news organizations
if the best they can come up with is a
dollar amount of well here's the budget
we gave you we gave you three billion
annually but we won't totally give you
two if that's all we get into this I'm
just going to go crazy because that's
offensive all right you want to know
what offends me
being treated like an idiot by my own
government being treated like a fricking
idiot by the press all right maybe we're
not as dumb as they think well maybe we
are who knows but if if this does not
produce something like a picture with
arrows that says we want to put a you
know a hundred million year for a fence
and we want to do something over here if
that's not the product of all this just
screw them all right it screw them all
just they all deserve to be voted out of
office if you know I don't even care I'm
not even talking about getting a result
that I think is the good result
personally I'm not the expert right so
whatever comes out of this I'm not
really gonna know if it was the best
idea you mean I might have an opinion
but I'm not gonna really don't because
I'm not the expert right but if they
don't even go to the level of explaining
why it's two billion versus five billion
what did we not get what did we leave on
the table what what extra level of crime
does this imply what extra and I know
what people are going to say there's no
extra crime because every immigrant you
bring in lowers lowers the rate of crime
which is actually true I think if you
talk about immigrants in general but as
I like to say because analogies are so
persuasive if most of the politicians
live in low crime areas wouldn't you say
would that be a fair statement
a fair statement that congresspeople
pretty much all live in areas that are
below average in crime because they're
nicer arias do they leave their door
unlocked because if you live in a
low-crime area and you get robbed in a
low-crime area that's okay right
wouldn't the politicians be fine with
being killed robbed and killed and and
assaulted as long as they're in a
low-crime area they'd be okay with a
little extra crime one thing that's
their whole argument that is literally
their argument and here's another thing
that makes me angry I get angry all the
wrong things though they seem right to
me
but they're they seem non-standard I am
angry that the Republicans allow the
Democrats to talk about percentages of
crime and just just freakin get away
with it you know when it first started
happening and and I think we've been
listening to it for three years I kept
telling myself okay they're going to
keep saying percentage of crime is low
for hypocrites like that matters
and then then some Republicans and maybe
President Trump will just rip them apart
for being idiots because nobody cares
about the percentage of crime when they
get robbed if you get if you get shot do
you care do you say well I got shot but
thank God I'm in a low-crime
neighborhood no it's the dumbest freakin
argument in the world that the
percentage of crime is lower for
immigrants here's what the Republicans
are missing the Republicans should say
it straight up yeah the if you look at
immigrants in general they have lower
crime just say it say the words and
you're free say the words that if you
can't you know I don't know what the
statistics are but say the statistics
don't run from the reality if you're
trying to reduce crime
you're talking about crime you're not
talking about percentages of crime so it
angers me that the Republicans let that
ridiculous argument stand as if it's as
if it has some weight or should have
some weight it's the worst argument in
the world and yet the Republicans treat
the way the way the Republicans respond
is like racists all right now let me
since that's a provocative statement let
me let me give us some context I don't
believe that the vast majority of
Republicans talking about immigration
are doing it for racist intent or even
subconsciously racist that's been my
observation I've talked to you know how
many Republicans have I talked to on
this topic and race doesn't even come up
doesn't come up in private it just
doesn't come up it's as far as I can
tell it's not really on anybody's mind
they're actually talking about law and
order and an economy etc and but the way
the Republicans respond to the claim
that immigrants have a low rate of crime
is by saying those immigrants are
causing a lot of crime even I think that
sounds racist okay I don't think it is
but if you're asking me what it sounds
like this sounds racist as hell right I
think you agree with that don't you I
notice I'm saying it's not racist
because the people are internally people
are not thinking it that way if that's
my observation not every single person
right there are racist in the world
so racists do exist there's some
percentage of every group but in general
it's just not part of the thinking of
Republicans on on the border stuff it
might in my experience you know I've
talked to lots and lots of people on
this but why do you have to respond to
it like you are a racist not you
personally but
every time you talk about crime without
addressing the percentage of crime from
immigrants you're just letting them
paint you as a racist and it makes me
crazy because it's so easy to deal with
that issue just make it all go away just
say nobody cares about the percentage of
crime when you get when you're a victim
of crime tell the victims tell them tell
the angel parents that they shouldn't
worry about it because the the person
who you know killed their kid is part of
a group with low with a low rate of
crime nobody cares about that take that
stupid argument another out of the
conversation and by the way if it's true
it probably is that immigrants are lower
crime let's celebrate that Republicans
should be celebrating that and say we
should do more of this we should be
bringing you know the entire I don't let
me put it this way the Republican
position is that they want some kind of
merit-based immigration so so what are
these two points together
Republicans want merit based immigration
merit-based immigration means that
people are adding to the Academy and
there are not criminals basically right
you're you're good for the economy
you're not causing a lot of crime that's
positive so that would be what
merit-based immigration is meanwhile the
Democrats who are opposed to merit-based
immigration are touting the low crime
rate and the positive economic benefit
of immigration so in other words the
Democrats are arguing both sides of the
topic they're saying you shouldn't have
a merit-based immigration and isn't it
great that the immigrants we bring
according to them are adding to the
economy and lowering the rate of crime
can't have it both ways either you
it matters what the crime rate is or it
doesn't so if it matters the immigrants
have low crime rate and if it matters
that I'm average they add to the economy
according to the left I know that there
was those numbers are in dispute but
according to the left there touting the
merit of immigration of immigrants in
particular the merit of immigrants while
at the same time saying let's not have a
system that cares about merit the
arguments incoherent somebody says let's
annex Mexico like Venezuela you know
I've actually done a lot of thinking
about annexing Mexico you know actually
wondering about it and here's the
argument I'm not gonna I'm not going to
recommend it at the end of this but
here's what I've been thinking yeah I'm
saying hell no so don't worry I'm not
going to recommend it in the end but I'm
just gonna go take you through the
thinking so the thinking is that Mexico
is essentially a failed state it does
function as country but it's failed in
the sense that the cartels largely are
calling the shots on a range of things
that they that the cartels care about
now the cartels probably don't care
about picking up the garbage and some
other stuff but for the stuff we care
about drugs border security all those
things it's sort of the cartels is in
charge to a large degree it's not 100
percent but to a large degree and so
normally that would be enough
justification to just go in and say
alright we're gonna we're just going to
occupy this part or we're going to we're
going to attack and get rid of the
cartels etc but of course attacking
Mexico would be you know the ultimate
bad idea for a number of reasons and we
wouldn't want to take on another
financial burden of that size and
magnitude but here's what it also makes
me wonder do you remember when there was
a lot of organized crime in the United
States
well you don't remember it personally
because it was before you were born but
the solution to that was the so called
Untouchables
the reason you couldn't get rid of
organized crime is organized crime
talking about the United States earlier
you know in the last hundred years is
because the organized criminals could
threaten and bribe police and officials
so pretty much they were buying
everybody so as long as they were buying
enough of the police there was nothing
you could do about it so they brought in
the Untouchables these were people who
couldn't be bribed and couldn't be
threatened and and apparently that made
a difference because then they finally
had real real law enforcement who wasn't
worried about you know wasn't worried
about the bad guys and so I asked myself
with all these failed states like
Venezuela you know you can list the
fails stage yourself why why is there no
turnaround experts from other countries
let's say I'm going to let's say you
Switzerland why is there no Swiss
nationalist group who offers these
failed countries that they'll come in as
a temporary government because
businesses do this all the time it's
fairly common for businesses who are
struggling to hire a turnaround CEO and
the turnaround CEO will bring in some
somebodies you know from other jobs and
stuff and they'll form like Untouchables
right the reason you have to bring in a
turnaround expert is that the people in
the company have too many friends and
too many connections and stuff and they
can't really fire their friends too
easily
so you're bringing the turnaround CEO
doesn't know anybody just looks at the
situation says alright to fire this
vice-president get rid of this guy do
you but this guy bring in my buddy clean
this place up
why is there no government level
turnaround
company so imagine a I'll just say Swiss
because everybody everybody trust
Switzerland so let's say there's a Swiss
consulting firm who are essentially a
government in a box who come into a
failed state and they work with the
government and they're not trying to
take the resources or anything and
they're very specifically there for a
short time they can't be bribed and I
can't be threatened easily because you
know there may be we don't even know
what who their family is so yeah the
details are the details would have to be
worked out but it feels like companies
would want to hire a temporary
turnaround government just to get things
set up create a little create some kind
of credibility and some kind of
stability keep their currency from
falling apart that sort of thing they
can still be assassinated but that would
be true of every leader companies
countries do a pretty good job of
protecting their leaders
yeah I'm actually seeing some people say
good things about this now you can
imagine that it would be the the UN that
maybe backs this group so you can
imagine let's say the UN is the only one
who can decide whether the whether the
the government in a box the turn around
government is going to be effective it
was going to be allowed so it would have
to be the country would have to invite
them the UN would have to bless it and
then let's say it's some Swiss company
that just brings in some experts and
stays there for a year or two who would
hire them they would be hired that's a
good question it could be the UN it
could be the UN is paying them because
remember we're only talking about a
small group of people so you know let's
say 30 billion dollars gets you you know
a full government for a year and a half
or whatever until until the regular
government gets up and running we did
that in Iraq somebody says we did that
in Iraq I don't know enough about Iraq
the that situation but probably not
exactly the way I'm talking about no to
UN the UN is utterly corrupt well even
if the UN has its problems and let's
let's say it does why would the UN say
no the UN does bless things with a
little bit of credibility and a little
bit of transparency so I think you'd
want some kind of transparency on this
group and you wouldn't want the
turnaround group to be their own power
right you you would want somebody who is
a higher power or let's say a Board of
Directors oh here's a way to think of it
I imagine instead of the UN approving of
this group let's say they act like the
Board of Directors so the turnaround
group goes in to the country that's
failing does their work but they have to
do it transparently
and they have to report to the board and
the board is just the the UN and the
board doesn't get involved unless the
NGO the turn around government ends up
being corrupt or something they have to
remove them we tried to do that in
Afghanistan too I don't I don't know if
we did it the way I'm describing it
Blackwater could do it well Blackwater
doesn't exist anymore
they're a they're a different company
now let me ask you something how many of
you this is only slightly religious up
to the topic how many of you believe
that the climate change issue is because
of a globalist plan to replace
capitalism with socialism how many of
you believe that's true how many of you
believe there's a globalist conspiracy
to make climate change you know which if
you believe the conspiracy is all fake
but it's all designed to get rid of
capitalism how many of you think that's
true because on Twitter people are
saying that all the time it makes my
head spin to think anybody believes that
it's the most ridiculous thing we did it
in Japan yeah in a sense we did it in
Japan but all of the examples I think
are not as clean as the one I'm saying
which is you have an organization that
has nothing to do with the country that
just comes in to fix things and then
leaves the as soon as you say
Switzerland it feels different you know
it's one thing for the United States to
come in with a government but if the if
the military power that comes into a
country is imposing the new government
it's just not going to have credit
so that seems like the worst all right
I'm looking at your comments coming
through and I'm seeing that there are a
few people who believe it all right so
those of you who believe that there's a
global globalist conspiracy to use
climate change which is fake under this
conspiracy theory it would be fake to
change the economy of the world that's
crazy all right
there's not much you can say about it
it's just crazy and I hope you're seeing
the other comments from the people who
who are largely on your team politically
saying it's crazy you can see it in the
comments you should trust them all right
well let's talk about the green New Deal
and in order to talk about the Green
Deal I'm gonna talk about Mike savage
and as soon as I say that name I know
I've just triggered about a quarter of
you to say
Mike sort of itch I used to like him but
then he went off the deep end or he
jumped the shark or you know he's turned
the other side is has bought him off I'm
hearing all kinds of things about them
let me tell you why Mike sort of itch
triggers so many of you number one he
knows how to do it all right so he's
good at it that's one of the reasons and
he does it intentionally in some in some
cases so there's the good at it and
doesn't intentionally part but the other
thing that triggers you about Mike
zernich is that when he agreed with you
you know let's say during the the
campaign 2016 and he was you know pro
Trump and let's say you were approached
humph and you said well this guy's this
guy's brilliant because he agrees with
me he's saying the things that I'm
thinking but he says more interesting
things than I'm thinking about them so
you're thinking I love this
Mike sooner which guy he agrees
and then time goes by and then there's
some things he says that you don't agree
with didn't you say to yourself he's a
trainer he used to be a good guy but now
he's a bad guy what happened nothing
happened he was always his own opinion
he was always into independent thinker
and as soon as other topics were
introduced and you could see the the the
scope of his independence no matter how
much you hated it and I'll say you know
I would agree with all of his opinions
nobody would expect that but the the
things that people think are he's
changed I don't think they've changed at
all I think that he was always a
provocative independent thinker still is
sometimes you agree with him sometimes
you don't all right so one of the things
he said about the green New Deal I agree
with entirely yeah so somebody's saying
that sort of itch has jumped the shark
so if you think he's jumped the shark
that's almost certainly an illusion
because you used to agree with the
things he talked about and now he's
talking about other things and you just
don't agree with those but he hasn't
changed he's always been an independent
thinker looking for the greater good so
that's that's I would say that he's been
consistent consistent in terms of
independent thought from the beginning
so he has said and I agree with him a
hundred percent on this that the green
New Deal is brilliant
I'll just let that hang there because I
know how much he hate it the green New
Deal is brilliant I know you don't want
to hear that you hate that right so let
me give you a little little bit of a
reason most people's objections to it
are that it's impractical
is it yeah I don't think you should ask
yourself if it's practical or
impractical because if you do that's a
trap it's a trap because it's not really
designed as a roadmap it's designed as a
set of end States goals if you will
it's it's a number of let's say visions
of where we would like to be now in
order to get to those end States we have
no idea we really have no idea how to
get from where we are to let's say no
air travel and we've got you know fast
trains that are doing everything greener
well if you told me that we could jump
instantly from where we are to a far
less air traffic and far more bullet
trains I'd be kind of happy about that I
would like that option for a lot of
different reasons but I don't know how
to get there
if you told me that we can you know do
you have all green energy I would say I
like that but I don't know how to get
there
and likewise for you know a number of
things one of the other things that this
has as as a bunch of n states that if
you could get there would be awesome but
nobody knows how to get there right I
don't hate that on two levels number one
from the persuasion level it's all
brilliant it's and the way Mike sort of
edge put it was the best way to look at
this which is a bad plan is better than
no plan in other words
the Democrats have this impractical set
of ideas but they are ideas and they're
big ideas and they're bigger than we
know how to accomplish as an American
just tell me if this resonates with you
as an American and this may be true for
other country
but I can't speak for them so I'm just
gonna speak for sort of an American
cultural perspective if you tell an
American I need to get to this place but
I don't know how what's what's your
first instinct your first instinct is oh
yeah I'm gonna get there anyway yeah the
the American impulse that sort of
designed into us from the time we're
born is that here's an impossible goal
okay let's get started there's no way we
don't know how to do this okay let's get
going it's the most basic American
cultural belief that the fact that
something seems impossible doesn't stop
us from trying
and indeed we end up doing a whole bunch
of stuff that if you had tried to
predict is it possible you probably
would have said it wasn't right going to
the moon to see the obvious example the
Manhattan Project you know winning World
War two you know you could you know
having four percent GDP yeah you could
you could come up with lots of examples
where Americans are really attracted to
impossible to obtain goals we love it
this one a persuasion level it takes all
our energy towards this green new deal
it makes us think about it and argue
about it and talk about how it's
impossible and in the process of talking
about how impossible it is we figure it
out now I don't believe that we could
figure things out as quickly as the
green New Deal suggests but keep in mind
that it's not legislation right it's not
a set of rules it's a it's more an
idealistic place we want to get to but
we don't know how and that is very
compatible with the American psyche and
I've been watching the comments as I've
been making this point because I wanted
to see if you agreed with that that's
that's a the key point and everything
I'm saying is that as
American impossible goals are attractive
yes or no our impossible goals
attractive to Americans I say yes
so it's brilliant on that level it's
brilliant on getting all the attention
it's brilliant on looking like a big
vision
it's brilliant in being impossible do
you know it would be worse the green new
deal would be poorly constructed if we
thought it was all kind of doable it
just wouldn't be as good it needs to be
not doable to really hold our attention
it's the fact that it's impossible that
creates its energy if you don't get that
you're missing the biggest maybe the
biggest energy and the idea that that
it's impossibility is its feature it's
not its defect it's the feature if you
understand how people work right so
fairly consistently it AAA OC who I I
have my problems with but her team or
whatever she does consistently has this
quality that she's talking about things
that are impossible and that's why we
care it's that's the energy it's the
impossible part now you've heard me say
quite a few times that I don't think
that America can be I don't think you
could call America great in this day and
age unless everybody's got access to
health care at a you know at an
affordable cost so I am closer to the
Democrats in terms of their ambition but
again I don't know how to get there I
don't think you can tax your way to
universal health care the insurance etc
but I like the fact that we're talking
about because we should have a long-term
goal in fact the Republicans should have
done this the Republicans should have
said you know we
want to get to this good health care end
state we don't know how to get there but
we think that capitalism and reducing
very reducing friction in the market is
is the system so the system to get there
is will make capitalism do its thing and
will goose capitalism and will really
help capitalism will grease it and what
we want to get to is full health care
for everybody that's affordable so the
Republicans completely missed the
message on health care and what's worse
is that they're actually doing those
things Health and Human Services has a
fairly long list of concrete things that
Republicans have done or trying to do in
terms of reducing regulations and making
the market efficient and they haven't
marketed that as the as the Republican
plan I think that's a complete mistake
messaging wise um so so when when a
oversee is talking about or the Green
Deal and talking about replacing
airplanes with fast trains I kinda like
that thinking because we should spend a
lot more time thinking about how to make
some of that work if it doesn't work we
don't do it but I like the fact that
that the greatest minds in the world are
becoming concentrated you know Peter
they're focusing on these issues that
are in that Green Deal now as some
clever people have said if President
Trump wanted to take a big bite out of
the green new deal in a Republican way
he could push for more nuclear power as
the only way to get there in other words
let me put it this way I'm not saying
that President Trump will do this
because I'm not sure this this fits
quite with his brand it might he could
make it fit but I'm not going to predict
it
if it were me if I were president and
our Republican and I saw this green New
Deal forming
I said to myself oh people like all this
stuff they like climb to change stuff
they like they like all the parts of the
green New Deal
here's what I would say I would say I
like every part of that but I don't know
how to get there the way I'm gonna move
toward it is through market systems and
reducing regulations and here's all the
things I'm doing one of those things
might be nuclear power you know getting
rid of regulations to more more
efficiently get things approved and
built so the best thing that the
president could do is embrace it and say
I would love I would love to get to that
point
not the exact end points but I would
like to get the point where everybody
has the health care we're not worried
about the the environment where we're
using green resources we don't have to
fly if we don't want to those are all
great things but we can't get there with
their plan we can get there with my
system which is keep capitalism humming
that would be the better argument I
thought a or C was our POS yeah that
wasn't catching on but I still think she
is racist and I don't think that can be
ignored although she hasn't said
anything blatantly racist in the you
know 24 hours so we'll see if see if her
tone changes
Scott why force everyone to pay for fast
trains and health care did I say that
was there anything that I said this
sounded like forcing people to pay for
anything no I did not what I said is I
don't know how to get there so if you're
saying why have you chosen this specific
way to get there
you're not listening I don't think you
can force other people to pay for those
things
what a scam yeah everything's a scam
everything's a scam Fusion might be they
might be a ways off but I like I like
the odds of fusion let me ask you this
if in 20 years we had fusion how worried
would you be about climate change if we
had functional fusion energy in 20 years
I don't know what are the odds of that
but if we did I'm not sure climate
change would be the big problem that we
think it is because here's the first
thing you would do you may know that
there are these we already have a number
of technologies for taking co2 out of
the air what is the cost what is the
biggest cost involved in removing co2
from the air
if you said energy you would be right so
the problem is even though we know how
to take co2 out of the air even that
large-scale it would be way expensive
you know so expensive and be hard in
order to make it work but if we had
fusion energy suddenly energy costs
start to approach zero and at that point
you can just suck the co2 out of the air
and it's just the cost of the equipment
not the cost of the energy and the
energy I think is the bigger cost I'm
not positive about that but almost
positive that the energy cost is where
all the expenses Oh
North Korea let's talk about that did
you see the president's tweet where he
said he was saying good things about
North Korea and he talked about his
personal relationship with Kim jong-un I
would say that the most underrated
success of this president was
understanding that North Korea was a
personal problem it's one of the
greatest insights that any politician
any leader has ever had in
is completely ignored is it one of the
greatest accomplishments of any
president any time was president Trump's
understanding that meeting with Kim
jong-un and having a personal
relationship was going to be the key to
unlocking the Korean Peninsula
now some people who say but wait Kim
jong-un is not getting rid of his
nuclear weapons what President Trump did
is took away the reason for nuclear
weapons it was always it was the most if
it works out the way I think it will and
I'm I'm pretty positive on North Korea I
and by the way the North Korean
situation I think you have to measure
that measure that in decades you know if
you look at what what happened this year
and do they still have their nukes of
this year etc I think that's sort of
missing the bigger story the bigger
story is that this is a multi-decade
reunification process and as long as
it's moving in the right direction
nobody's going to get nuked you know if
every day you wake up and North and
South Korea are getting you know closer
together your odds of getting nuked and
going down pretty fast so Scott just
loved it louder the scream deal and says
climate change is no big deal in 20
years no that's an idiots summation of
what I said that's inaccurate have I
ever told you before that 90% of all the
people who believe they're disagreeing
with me are actually disagreeing with
some bad loose nation of something I
said
rarely does anybody actually disagree
with what I say almost almost all the
time at least 90% people are disagreeing
with some weird misinterpretation of
what they thought I said I don't know if
that's just me or if that's a universal
co2 tree ratio solution you're
suggesting planting more trees
well I don't know about the math of that
but trees are good Kim needs a
man-to-man relationship well I don't
think you can underestimate how isolated
Kim has been if you think about it you
know you think well he's a leader of a
whole country that's that's a cool deal
but he also didn't really have any other
leaders he could talk to so Trump may be
might be Kim's only friend you know like
at the leader level I'm not sure if she
is a friend I think she is just working
with him but it feels to be like Trump
is the only person in the world who
could have credibly said to Kim jung-un
hey let's be friends think about it can
you think of any other past President of
the United States who could have
credibly said to Kim jong-un hey why
don't we just be friends and actually
have that believable
it's the believability part that that
works and a lot of it has to do with you
know Trump's brand you know his brand is
I can talk to anybody you know I can I
can work with anybody I you know it
doesn't matter Putin Putin Kim anybody I
will talk to anybody it's very powerful
and and I saw that as powerful from the
start so so yesterday last night I'm on
the plane coming home and I I decide I
want to I want to get away from all this
Trump politic stuff and I just want to
do what I rarely do normally if I'm just
my day-to-day entertainment is always
political in this news like I use the
news as entertainment so I'm always
immersed in all this Trump Trump Trump
stuff and so I thought to myself wow I'm
on a plane for a few hours
I'm just gonna watch a harmless romantic
comedy and I'm going to forget about all
this politics and I turn on this old
movie that that the plane offered I
forget the name of the movie somebody
will remind me but it was a romantic
comedy with two people whose names I
can't remember right now but here's the
point of the story one of the one of the
people in this story was a New York City
developer a real estate developer in New
York City and as the as the plot unfolds
he talks about competing with Donald
Trump and I think this movie was
probably had him 15 to 20 years old and
and I turned it on and like oh god it's
talking about Trump of all things and
then and then there's a scene in it and
where he actually talks to the real
Donald Trump Donald Trump plays himself
in this movie and I'm thinking he's just
everywhere I even I even put on a movie
to forget about Donald Trump and he's a
star of the movie like he's just
everywhere it's amazing I can't remember
the name of the movie all right Trump is
anything but credible somebody says well
there's a good job missing the missing
the point
so that there's a perfect job so I said
that President Trump is the only person
who could credibly
say that you know hey Kim jong-un let's
be friends all right that's what I said
that one contacts he's the only one who
could credibly say I'll be your friend
and it sounds believable and somebody
said hahaha Trump credible you can call
Trump credible no I didn't say he's
credible on all things I said in that
one example that his history with was it
yes two weeks notice
then the name of the movie was two weeks
notice with Sandra Bullock and who is
the British male co-star who got caught
with the the hooker
his name is but you know he is your
choice to watch a romantic movie yes
have you noticed that there are fewer
romantic comedies that genre it feels
like it disappeared didn't or actually
there are fewer comedies let me ask you
this how many how many comedies do you
see in the movies these days it's far
fewer isn't it do you know why there are
so many there so much why there are
what's the way to say it why there are
fewer comedies here's why there are
fewer comedies try watching a comedy
from even ten years ago try watching try
turning on the TV show The Family Guy
and watching one of the episodes from
ten years ago do you know what you will
find you will find an episode that you
could not make today if yeah Hugh Grant
is the the actor who was in two weeks
notice if you watch any older comedy and
older being let's say ten years plus the
the the movie will be full or TV show
will be full of stuff that you just
couldn't put on the air today because it
will all seem stereotyped it will be
sexist it'll be you know you if you look
at an old family guy you'll see a bunch
of gay jokes and ten years ago that was
just you know I wanna say it was normal
but let's say it was oh yeah even here's
a perfect example in in the movie
weeks notice I was just talking about
this is like I don't know 15 years old
something like that there there is a
joke in it where Hugh Grant playing his
character makes a joke about being
attracted to a bunch of women but also
attracted to you know some of the
better-looking men and then everybody in
the audience because he was giving a
speech laughs because he joked about
being gay and I'm thinking myself in
2019 if you had a movie where somebody
made a joke about a man being attracted
to another man would that be a punchline
think about it 15 years ago it was a
punchline that a heterosexual man would
be attracted to other attractive men and
and people laughed today that that
wouldn't look the same would it it
wouldn't feel the same because you say
to yourself well why is that funny
are you making fun and gay people like
Wyatt why are gay people a punchline
right it wouldn't even sound right like
you're you know your point of view on
what is acceptable and what isn't it has
changed so much that I think the genre
of the comedy may be gone right yeah the
comedy as an art form might be gone
because there are just so many ways that
you can't do humor in the way you used
to I think the the opportunity for humor
is shrunk to the point where it's it's
neutered now I can only speak for myself
but the kind of comedy that's that has
appealed to me most is the stuff that's
the most inappropriate so the things
that make me laugh or somebody doing
something that they really should not
have done somebody's saying something
far worse than you should say somebody
doing something that you would never do
in real life you know just something
that goes too far so it's the too far
that makes it funny but today you can't
go too far because people will be
and people will be offended yeah people
are you're listening other movies that
couldn't be made today yeah I think the
comedy is largely dead in terms of TV
and and movies all right that's all I
got for now I'll talk to you later bye
for now