buh-buh-buh-buh-buh hey everybody come
on in here hey unix RAB t no come on in
we got to talk about this bomber suspect
this alleged bomber let's call him
alleged hello who's savanah hello Mike
hello flea biscuit
alright now you know that the reason I
make predictions in public
is because my book wind begley is about
persuasion and I've made the claim back
in 2015 that if you understand
persuasion you know it helps you predict
the future better and that your filter
on life should be one that makes you
happy and does a good job of predicting
the filter so that therefore I make
predictions in public so that you can
see how I'm doing so my prediction on
this was on the bomber was that he was a
older crazy Republican he's 56 he
registered for the first time in 2016 as
a Republican according to CNN so unless
unless he planned this since 2016 it's
very likely he's just a crazy older
Republican so exactly what I told you it
would be now let's talk about so that
there's there's still some people who
are going to be arguing the false flag
but here's the other thing arguing
against a false flag oh and the other
the other thing I predicted the other
thing I predicted is that within the
hour you would see fake social media
pages and and sure enough within the
hour there was a fake social media page
that that tried to pretend he was
Democrat so CNN has debunked that
assuming they got that right now of
course we're still in the fog of war so
you can never say anything certain even
even at this point right but it looks
like I called this down to the down to
the threads but let's talk about the
other interesting element because the
midterms are coming and because it's the
age of Trump because it's the age of
Trump everything is political so let's
look at this through the political lens
and about the midterms and about Trump
so I just tweeted this a few minutes ago
and I'll just read it to you because
it's worded so perfectly I tweeted if
you are tracking the persuasion optics
president Trump employed all available
resources to keep top Democrats his
biggest critics and the press safe and
the announced his strong law-and-order
success in front of a cheering young
black audience
that just happened did you see the
actual announcement there's some kind of
young black leadership group that's very
Pro Trump who was in the White House he
was going to be talking to them anyway
and then this this news comes in so man
does this leave this guy know how to
take advantage of a crisis so it turned
almost instantly from Trump supporter
who gets incited by Trump and you know
looks to bomb Democrats into there's a
crazy white guy exactly the people that
the anti-trump Urza fear so it's a crazy
white guy who threatened top Democrats
as well as Trump's critics and the press
the other enemies of Trump Trump
employed strong maximum law
order resources with no hesitation whoo
very efficiently and impressively solve
this we think it looks solved still it's
still in alleged territory you have to
be careful here but it looks like they
solved that in a couple of days and they
were really on and what your earlier
than that Oh is somebody saying he's a
Native American well that may be but
we're talking about the optics if you
see a picture of him he looks like a
white guy so that's all I'm just talking
about the picture I haven't I haven't
checked his DNA so I can't talk about
anything else but if but if you're the
president you just had one of the best
moments of your presidency which will
not be reported that way
so the reporting will still just will
line up along you know political divide
but that's just the chatter remember the
visuals the visuals win and that and the
visual story is that there was a strong
law-enforcement success and that the
president turned against his own
supporter a guy who at least looks like
a white guy you know he may have some
different DNA but but it looks like the
president just protected his biggest
critics by by using a lot of law
enforcement so that could not be a
better persuasion this is a pretty
persuasion thing to actually go against
a member of his own party who look like
a supporter and then he announces it in
front of a bunch of cheering young
african-american future leaders it
doesn't get better than that but but
there's an even deeper persuasion effect
that even I wouldn't have been aware of
except for except for the book pre
suasion now this is speculative but I
think it might matter you are aware that
people who were exposed to pictures of
the American flag are more likely to
vote Republican so that's been tested
people who were primed just by images of
the flag tend to vote Republican in a
measurably higher higher degree so
speculating what do you think would be
the effect on voters to have lots and
lots of images of law enforcement
succeeding and succeeding is something
that we all agree on right there's
nobody of any color persuasion religion
gender there's nobody who didn't want
this person caught a hundred percent
agreement and law enforcement is the
image you're going to see successful law
enforcement person after successful law
enforcement person doing awesome things
my speculation is that that Prime's
people to vote Republican simply because
of the way we associate law and order
with Trump and with Republicans that at
a higher level than we associated with
the other side so for purely irrational
reasons this should play very well into
President Trump and the Republicans
hands now the downside and of course
there's always a downside is that the
the anti Trump press will they'll spend
a little time talking about the news but
fairly quickly they're going to pivot
into well we told you it's a trump
supporter and he got all wound up by the
president's rhetoric so that's coming
but once it is demonstrated that this
person is clearly not like normal people
and that the president acted against him
it's kind of hard to say that this is
because of the rhetoric versus a crazy
guy so the crazy
you know all bets are off if it's a
crazy guy right if it's a crazy guy then
then it helps the president's case and
the Republicans all right uh news is
still coming in so yeah is there a
reason you have no one that loves you so
there's still people who think he's a
crazy liberal who who registered to vote
for the first time as a Republican in
2016
presumably so it could vote for Trump
now here's the other evidence you have
it if you're still stuck on the false
flag idea and I know some of you will be
if you are a false flag perpetrator one
of the very important things that you
want to do is not get caught that's
that's like way at the top of a
successful false flag operation is that
the person doing the false flag
operation doesn't get caught because the
getting caught is sort of the end of the
game because they can always find out
what the real story is after they catch
you and if your primary objective was
the false flag which means your sub
primary objective is don't get caught
otherwise it's not really a false flag
the don't get caught part is not really
consistent with putting trump stickers
all over your van now I know what you're
gonna say
oh he's it's a redirection it's a trick
because a trump supporter you know yeah
you you'd be trying to make it look like
he's a trump supporter and how else
would you do it you'd put Trump
supporters stickers all over your van
but would you put so many on there that
it attracted attention would you put so
many on there that you looked crazy
which would work against your your
concept would you
draw attention to yourself in a specific
way that was guaranteed to get your van
vandalized and your ass kicked if you
wanted to avoid the attention of law
enforcement for a while because you're
the you're the guy who did the false
flag so you just want to stay off all
the radar for a while what do you drive
around in a van that anybody would know
is a fight-starter that was no normal
van that was a fight start in van you
could park that just about anywhere
and by the time you got back from the
store people would be dismantling it and
keying it because it has Trump stuff all
over it now what does that lead to
well usually some kind of legal thing so
if you're telling me that this is how
this clever this clever lefty pretended
to be a Republican I say to you it's
time to let go it's just time to let go
but again also I'll say it again
anything's possible anything's possible
Scott is putting too much trust in CNN
now I acknowledge the point that we're
still in the fog of war and that would
include all of the networks so you
should expect to see some of this
information modified one of the things I
expect to see modified is that what we
understand about how the packages got
delivered was probably wrong and that
we'll learn em we'll learn how they
really were delivered later and it
probably is just this guy doing it
himself but maybe not anything's
possible
so no I'm not putting too much faith in
any part of the media yet first 24 hours
you've got to add a lot of skepticism
but what is looking like is a crazy
the older Republican which is what I
predicted now because my life is a
living hell on Twitter I had also made a
joke before I made my clear prediction
in which I said it in these words
prediction
it's a crazy older Republican all right
so I wanted to make sure that was clear
as possible what the prediction was but
before that I made a joke which people
are going to interpret as me being wrong
and the joke was that my first
impression was that it was probably a
Republican until I saw that the bombs
didn't work all right now people who
don't understand jokes people who don't
understand jokes will think oh he was
really predicting it was a Republican
all right anyway people will look at the
joke and they'll imagine that that was
the prediction and that's why I clearly
and then multiple other times including
on periscope and on Twitter said as
clearly and probably five times that it
was a crazy older Republican so we'll
see it could be wrong but that's what it
looks like that it'll talk to y'all
later