bumbum bumbum hey everybody come on in
here I can't tell you when I've had more
fun following the news I'm probably
having more fun the last 24 hours than I
had since 2016 the many of you are
panicked many of you are unhappy but
that's why you come here to have your
frame on reality reset I've got to reset
the hell out of your frame but not until
we have some coffee because this is
coffee with Scott Evans I'm your host
Scott Adams this is a small dainty
perhaps a little bit too feminine
container that I like to put coffee on
it's not mine I'm on the road but if
you'd like to join me please fill your a
copy or containing your your a thermos
your jug your your stein you're jealous
put your favorite beverage in there I
like coffee raise it to your lips and
join me for the simultaneous Sep
now if you're following the news today
you know that the anti-trump errs are
doing victory laps and victory laps I
say and I thought in the interest of
fairness in the interest of fairness
well as he was like the Trump has been
on a non-stop winning streak for three
years
finally the Democrats got their whim and
I thought that rather than being being
unkind about it unkind about what
happened with Pelosi and Trump I would
invite Dale the anti-trump er to
celebrate with us and to give our take
on it so Dale Dale could you come over
here and just tell ya don't just tell us
just tell us how you feel today about
the whole Pelosi Trump negotiations all
right I'll get off camera yeah you used
to come over here
best day efforts you know I did you see
Pelosi kicked Trump's little orange but
yeah finally you finally got the win
she's small Pelosi is she small and
she's old I see stuff and she kicked his
butt master persuader art of the deal oh
Mexico's gonna pay for the wall what
it's only the fifth inning what does
that mean how long is a baseball game I
think it's some kind of analogy or
something fifth inning how long is a
baseball game nine innings you're saying
I should not be celebrating in the fifth
inning well this is disturbing I thought
it was already over I thought it was the
future I thought it was three weeks from
now and we already have our answer but
apparently it's only the fifth inning I
think I'll just wait
well thank you Dale thank you for that
premature celebration now I've been
watching my Twitter feed for the last 24
hours and as you could imagine it looks
I swear to god it looks exactly like the
day before Election Day 2016 and
everybody's coming over to gloat before
the result this is exactly what happened
the day before Election Day to my
Twitter feed people came in and said all
Scott you know what do you say now now
that you're definitely gonna lose
tomorrow and and I would say maybe we
should wait till tomorrow maybe we
should wait till the election happens
and then we should see who won
and right now my if you look at CNN's
home page and my Twitter feed it's full
of people telling me the Pelosi one to
which I say how do you win in the middle
of the game is that a thing is this the
kind of game you can win in the middle
so if three weeks from now or you know
may get extended again my guess is that
three weeks is not not the magic number
will probably get extended again or
there'll be more threats or whatever but
in X number of weeks maybe then we could
decide who got what so that's the first
thing is that there there's a little bit
of premature celebration going on if you
know what I mean now I would like to
reiterate though since I have never
personally asked for a big solid
concrete wall 2,000 miles across the
border I'm not personally being denied
anything I wanted so so there's nothing
being denied to me that I thought could
happen expected to happen or even wanted
to happen
all right so I don't have any personal
stake in you know the 2000 run by a wall
but I tweeted yesterday something that
the anti-trump are
or hating and when when they looked at
the tweet and I'll tell you what it
wasn't a minute instead of telling me
what's wrong with it they tell me that
I'm stupid Baldev a cartoonist and then
I know I'm on to something
indeed the book that I just submitted in
my first draft is about this exact thing
so what I'm gonna talk about and what
everybody's getting wrong about this
analysis of Pelosi and Trump is exactly
well my book is about so it was sort of
perfect I'll probably add a chapter on
this I'm thinking about it and it goes
like this
to certain disciplines such as let's say
economics the law business philosophy
science there are certain disciplines
that if you don't learn how people think
within those disciplines and not just
one of them but but if you haven't
sampled all of them you're you're very
behind in understanding the world
because there are things that a lawyer
the way a lawyer would look at the world
is as a product of their training and
the way that looks like some people are
saying it froze so and here's a perfect
example if you are comparing if you were
comparing Trump's performance on this
wall situation what is the accurate some
people say that I've got some stream
head a hiccup put you back okay so the
party you missed was that if you don't
have experience with different
disciplines science economics philosophy
law few others if you don't have any
experience with them you're at a
disadvantage and this is a perfect
example so my book on this which will
come out
this coming October is called a loser
think and here's the best example you're
ever going to see of loser think if you
are going to judge president Trump's
performance on this wall negotiation
stuff
what would you compare it to because you
can't you can't judge something without
having a comparison would you agree with
this so far so the first statement is
you don't know how good something is
unless you've compared it to the correct
thing so it's either could be better or
worse that whatever you're comparing two
people have made the entire wrong
comparison because they do not have
experience with economics and business
and and literally how to compare things
if you learn I have a degree in
economics in MBA and one of the biggest
skills you learn in those fields is how
accurately to compare one plan to the
most appropriate comparison so is the
most appropriate comparison a contest
between Pelosi and Trump it's not I'll
tell you what is in a moment but the
news is universally reporting that there
was a contest between Pelosi and Trump
and Pelosi won the contest would you
agree that that is generally how it's
being presented on both sides the left
and the right are framing it that way is
that the right comparison it is not it
is unambiguously not the right
comparison here's the right comparison
this president was elected largely on
border security concerns and border
security it's probably at least a third
of the reason that people wanted this
president so they wanted stronger border
security was there anybody who asked for
inefficient unwise border security did
anybody who supported Trump say I want
border security and I'd like you do it
like
to do it in an efficient way that costs
too much and the experts on border
security do not support is there even
one person except maybe Ann Coulter is
there even one person who wanted him to
get it done the bad way nobody right
so therefore when we're talking about oh
he said he would build a wall the whole
the whole life that it literally nobody
wanted the solution given to them that
wanted it done in the smartest way what
is the president done right now he's
kicked it over to the experts of the
engineers he shined the entire focus of
the country on it like it's never been
before and now for the first time the
experts and the engineers are going to
come up with a plan and that plan for
the first time here's what's different
you're gonna say to me but wait the
experts and the engineers have always
been there that's just part of the
background noise it's you know you're
always gonna have experts and engineers
waiting and that's not the thing but
we've never been in this situation which
is that we all care what those experts
of engineers come up with let me ask you
this do you remember when you looked at
the plan from the experts and the
engineers last year the plan that was
you know we want to do this on this part
of the border and this part of the
border of this part of the border you
know this would be a little wall maybe a
little fence here do you remember when
you looked at that plan in detail a year
ago no no you don't remember that do you
because you didn't the plan existed it
apparently has always existed in the
sense that there's a you know a plan for
where where they want to put what but
you've never seen it have you now let me
ask you this at the end of this process
in three weeks when the experts and the
engineers have put together a plan
working with the politicians of course
when they're done with this plan do you
think you'll see it yeah you will
well yeah you'll see it you're gonna see
it for the first time because they can't
not show it to you now the public the
public had been totally neutered on the
question the border security because the
news had kept from us any information
that would be useful the useful
information would be here's a picture of
what we want to do we're on the border
here's an approximate budget here's our
reason why we think these these issues
work on these parts of the border you've
never seen that but now because the
president has focused the entire country
on it he's this president is the master
of changing what you think about and
what you care about he has made he's
made immigration the number one issue if
you open up your CNN or your Fox News
there's something about Roger stone
that's just you know Groundhog Day
another another another person gets
picked up by moment but the only other
news is what Trump told you it would be
which is immigration now in three weeks
when they come up with a plan are you
gonna look at that plan there right
you're gonna look at this plan for the
first time so for the first time the the
public has been weaponized and what will
happen if the experts say here's the
plan here's the budget it's let's say
it's in that range of let's say it's in
the range of in that five billion dollar
range or even could be less could be
more are you gonna say to yourself that
budget is wrong maybe not you're
probably going to say well the budget
looks affordable you know that's a small
number of compared to the whole
government so you're gonna see the plans
in some level of detail you're gonna see
that the experts bakit you're gonna see
that the budget is affordable now let me
ask you this here's the money shot
are you ready do you think the plan that
whatever they come up with a bite
in group do you think that the border
security plan they come up with will be
substantially better or worse than what
President Hillary Clinton would have
done had she been elected do you feel it
yeah the correct comparison here is not
Trump versus Pelosi this is not a Trump
vs. Pelosi analysis it is a Trump versus
closey contest in the sense that there
you know they were negotiating but if
you're gonna judge the president and his
performance the reasonable way to do it
that an economist would tell you a
trained economist would tell you what
I'm gonna tell you because I'm sort of a
trained economist myself so I can say
that with some confidence the correct
comparison is what would you have gotten
under a president Hillary Clinton for
the border and what will you get under a
president Trump for the border if if you
think that the border funding would have
been largely similar to what it has been
before under Clinton that she would have
said no I you know now that I'm elected
but I can't do any border security it'll
make me look like a hypocrite so I'll
just keep the funding you know that's
sort of a maintenance level yes
somebody's saying you can't no it is
correct when you're doing this these
comparisons even if you're doing them
correctly you're always comparing two
things that you can't know you're always
complaining plan a that you haven't yet
done to plan B there you also have not
yet done so you don't really know how
they're gonna turn out but that's still
the the rational comparison the rational
comparison is how this president does
compared to another president in the
same job that's the only comparison that
matters if you don't see that then you
don't have enough experience across
domains
let me ask anybody who's got a back
in economics or let's say of MBA so to
those of you here who have a background
in economics or an MBA in the comments
I'd like to see you tell the rest of the
people that this is actually the
accurate way to do analyze this it's the
way an economist would do it
it's the rational way to do it now if
you say I'm gonna compare the President
of the United States to Nancy Pelosi
that's an apple and an orange Nancy
Pelosi is not the president she's not
the other person doing the job of the
president why would you compare a
president to a speaker you know the
Speaker Pelosi that doesn't even make
sense but yet it's entirely what the
news is doing right now
yeah you can you can see a few people
confirming this in the comments talk to
anybody who's an economist and ask them
and I would expect that by tonight
you're gonna see this on the news talk
to anybody who's an economist or anybody
who's an expert in critical thinking
anybody who's who knows how to compare
things somebody who does it for a living
an economist does it for a living an MBA
does it for a living
you know they compare plans so let me
let's fast forward a little bit let's
fast-forward to some kind of deal comes
out of this working group
give me your odds on from zero to a
hundred percent what are your odds that
this working group will eventually who
knows how long it will take three weeks
three weeks or longer but eventually
what are the odds that they will come up
with more border funding then you're
pretty sure president Hillary Clinton
would have given you what are the odds
so somebody just said I'm an engineer
and agree hundred percent yeah engineer
is another another field in which you do
learn to compare alter and
right so he's a zero so I have there's
somebody here who thinks there's zero
chance that the working group will
provide more burden of border security
than Hillary Clinton would have yeah
most of you have the right answer it's
close to a hundred percent whatever
comes out of this will be more border
security now you could also guarantee
that it will not be a 2,000 mile wall
those are the two things we know there
are two things we know for sure is that
there will be a substantial improvement
in border security but it could be in
scanning technology it could be in
drones it could be in fence could be a
little bit of whatever steal but there's
nearly a hundred percent chance that at
the end of this process you'll have
substantially better you'll have
substantially better border security now
here's the political question imagine
poor Donald Trump having to run for
re-election and and here's the best
story he has for his base his base who's
been disappointed about the wall here's
the story he's going to have to sell to
his disappointed base hey base I listen
to the experts and I built you the most
efficient wall that gives you the best
border security for the budget and then
his base says no I didn't tell you I
didn't vote for you to do what is smart
and what all the experts say is the most
efficient way to get the job done that I
want done I didn't want that I wanted a
big dumb wall for 2,000 miles said no
one literally know fast forward to the
re-election he's got more border
security and he says to his base when we
when we talked to the experts they told
us what to do they told us what was the
smartest way to spend our money and we
took their recommendation who is it
who's against taking the experts
recommendation how many of you learned
there
this process a lot about border security
by the time this working group is done
and we see their plan we're all going to
be pretty smart about this you know
we'll know what works what doesn't
why you do different things in different
places the best example of that is
before this process started I didn't
know that it made sense to have a high
barrier in a in an urban area compared
to a remote area I would have guessed
the opposite you know before we became
educated in this process I would have
said you know you need a really tall
fence or wall wherever there's no guards
you know wherever there's no people
because that's how you keep people out
turns out that's opposite of what you
need you know the small fence would be
fine because if you've got a long
distance on both sides of the border you
can spot people and go pick them up and
also the non urban places or people
where there are fewer people so it's you
know just less of a need so here's the
first frame that you need to take with
you just reiterating it is being
reported as a contest between Pelosi and
Trump and on the surface level it is on
the political level it is on the news
level it is it's a contest between
Pelosi and Trump and on that surface
level Pelosi smoke gun all right so when
you come to my when you come to my
Twitter feed and say hahaha
Pelosi just kicked his butt on the
surface level I agree very much like if
you're playing chess and the other in
your opponent just took one of your
pawns if if somebody takes your pawn
you lost a pawn you can't argue the
facts
I lost a pawn but if your strategy was
to give up a pawn to get something well
it's not exactly a loss is it sometimes
you sacrifice a pawn to get something
here's what he's sacrificed he's
sacrificed are you gonna love this next
part yeah whatever you do if you have
some if you have a meeting to go to or
something just don't go because you
don't want to miss this next part what
is the president's biggest problem going
into re-election if you don't count the
border security thing right so we've
talked about the border security thing
and how if he gets more than President
Clinton would have gotten and it is a
smart solution he'll be able to sell
that to the base easily at 1 in BR but
what is this other biggest problem in
general yeah health care health care
might be second racism I think he's
doing a good job of beating back the
racism part but you can argue those are
in the top 3 TDS the biggest problem
that the Democrats have with President
Trump is wait for it you're gonna you're
gonna hate you're actually gonna be
angry that you had to wait for me to say
this to hear it for the first time the
biggest problem the president Trump had
is that his power was unchecked and they
who would do crazy reckless things
without the normal checks and balances
of the government do you see it yet
Pelosi just solved one of his probably
three biggest problems one of his
biggest problems is that the other side
imagined he had too much power and that
he wouldn't respect the process he
wouldn't you wouldn't sort of accept you
know the you know the I guess the
legitimate power of the other branches
of government and what just happened
right before our eyes
we watched the president's signature
issue the border security is his
signature issue
we watched the government swat it back
and what did what did here's the
important part here's the important part
what was the president's reaction what
was his temperament what was his
response to being literally slapped back
in public on a political issue respect
respect what was president Trump's
response to losing you could say on the
surface level absolutely losing the
negotiation over that the government
shutdown and the border security his
response was respectful do you know what
else's response was while you were
looking in the wrong place
high ground manoeuvre have you ever
heard of the high ground manoeuvre well
if you read my book wouldn't Biggley you
have if you watch my periscopes you have
the height the high ground maneuver is
when you finally say something that the
other team just can't argue with and in
this case that thing is let's kick it
over to the experts let's stop being
engineers and experts ourselves because
we're politicians let's kick it over the
experts who can disagree with that
nobody it's the high ground you all the
other stuff is in the weeds you know all
the other stuff doesn't matter it was
always about getting to the high ground
but after he'd softened up the entire
table he had to change the room he had
to change the whole room which is what
he's done he's changed our focus he has
changed what we're looking at he's
changed what we cared about and he has
wait for it wait for it weaponized
the voters you weaponized us before we
didn't even know what what the good
solutions were for the border
we were so dumb we were saying build the
wall how about build the wall right what
I'll bet every one of us you know not
personally but most of you here have
said it's got to be a big ol wall across
the whole thing now don't you think now
that you've learned more use weaponize
you he's educated you indirectly but
he's educated you all to understand what
you do and do not need in different
places in the border don't you look back
and think oh yeah I guess that whole
wall thing was kind of simplistic she's
educated us he's changed her focus he's
made border security the top priority
just look at the news the news isn't
talking about anything else except Roger
stone that's it they made it the highest
priority now the politicians can't slip
the puck past the keeper what do you
call it in hockey goalie
they can't slip the ball past the keeper
because now the public is watching what
before if somebody had showed you a plan
a year ago here's a detailed plan of
what we want to do in the border would
you have even read it
probably not you would have just looked
at the news you looked at the news and
you'd said that what do they say about
it ologists agree with my favorite news
channel but now you're actually going to
look at it yeah if they if they provide
any kind of a plan that comes out of
this group I'm actually gonna read that
I'm going to read that damn thing I
never would have read that before so the
president is gonna go into re-election
having eliminated one-third of the
biggest problems he has I think you
could argue that the whole racism thing
and the and the health care are the two
things he's going to have to battle
against
but the he's a big old dictator who
doesn't appreciate the system has no
respect for it he's at a control he's
he's impulsive all gone
Nancy Pelosi just accidentally fixed his
biggest problem nobody reported on that
at the same time he did a high grande
maneuver kicking it over to the experts
and when they come up with something
we're going to look at it and then the
the other thing is that the the correct
comparison is not the surface comparison
where Pelosi literally not literally but
Pelosi absolutely beat Trump on the
surface level the political level but if
he gets substantially more border
security in the smartest possible way
according to the experts and it's more
than you know you would have gotten
under a President Clinton and it's more
than you know you would get under
whoever runs against him for president
that's the comparison you think that
this president can't sell to his base I
listened to the experts and picked the
best solution according to the people
who know the most CNN is telling you he
can't sell that to his base let me ask
you do you think his base is so stupid
that they would say no to the obviously
most efficient use of the money you know
you could say that his base has
hypnotized I'm sorry let me say this
another thing the anti-trump errs have
hypnotized themselves into believing
that Trump supporters are so stupid that
they would not accept a smart way to
secure the border that they actually
will reject it in favor of the dumb way
according to all the experts he has the
world's easiest sale and he's one of the
best salespeople he's in a totally
advantageous situation which to most of
the world looks like he just lost hard
stay tuned
all right so I would say ignore ignore
everybody who thinks that the game is
over in the fifth inning you have to
wait until they come up with something
watch how engaged you are as a citizen
in whatever the experts come up with
look at what you learned and then watch
how they keep comparing the Rome contest
let me give you an analogy because
they're so persuasive I say that
sarcastically let's say you hire a
plumber and you hire a plumber and the
plumber comes and the plumber fails to
fix whatever it is that you hired the
plumber to do would you look at that
situation where you hired a plumber and
the plumber didn't fix what you want to
fix what do you say to yourself I had a
competition with my plumber and the
plumber won would you say that you
wouldn't would you
you would say I hired somebody and they
didn't do the job when President Trump
the leader of the country is dealing
with President or is dealing with
speaker Pelosi Pelosi's job is to work
with the president and to find solutions
that work was Pelosi competing with the
president because she doesn't have a
president job they're not in the same
level she's sort of somebody who has to
do a job she's like the plumber in this
analogy and did the plumber fix the
pipes no she did not the proper way to
look at this is that the president tried
to work with Pelosi and she didn't do
her job
if Pelosi had done her job wait for it
do you think she would have been able to
get support for plans that the Democrats
have been voting for for years which is
exactly what's going to come out of this
it will be something like more border
security which Democrats have been
voting for forever Pelosi managed to
take something that the public wanted
which was more border security and both
sides
gratz wanted better border security
Republicans wanted it
it was a universally wanted thing if you
hire a plumber and everybody involved
including the plumber wants a leak to be
fixed and the plumber can't fix it
what do you say I hated the plumber one
the plumber the plumber is victorious
because you wanted the plumber to fix
something and he tried pretty hard and
he wanted to fix it too but he couldn't
fix it so the plumber won you wouldn't
say that it would sound absurd and you
would fire the plumber correct but Nancy
Pelosi couldn't get her team to agree to
something they've already wanted Nancy
Pelosi couldn't get her own team to
agree to better border security which
they already wanted that's a plumber who
can't fix a leak so if you're saying the
plumber beat the guy who hired him
you're in this weird frame that the news
has provided to you and he said I think
we were all in that frame so it's easy
to get into it because the the business
model of the media makes this always
that the two team situation it doesn't
matter how much the two teams won
exactly the same thing they're still
gonna make it a team thing this whole
this whole Pelosi and Trump are on
different teams fighting each other is
an immediate invention Pelosi is not a
president she's not at his level Pelosi
is somebody that a president works with
she's like the plumber in this situation
and the plumber didn't fix the leak so
you're calling the plumber who didn't
fix the leak the winner
she totally won she totally won by not
doing her job to do something that she
wanted done how do you win by not doing
something you want done it's crazy it's
crazy
now some of you are saying that Fox News
is also reporting it as a loss keep in
mind that if you're looking at the
surface level the political level the
news level it's there reporting it
correctly on the surface level policy
totally one in the same way that your
plumber wins by not fixing the pipe I
mean it's a weird way to win but on that
level that's a fair thing to say on the
level of did we get more border security
let's see let's see let's not judge it
in the fifth inning so I'm kind of
getting like goose bumps of excitement
every time my critics come over to my
Twitter feed to say Scott they say Oh
Scott
let's see you polish this turd let's see
you turn this into a victory for for
Trump now everything he does no matter
how much he screws the pooch you say
it's a victory let's say yeah twice
listen to her pretzel to which I say
well if you know how to compare things
it's pretty easy it's pretty easy to
compare things if you've been trained to
do it now let me ask you I want to see
in the comments how many of you were
surprised by the way I just framed it in
other words was this new to you in it
wasn't new to you two to see that the
real comparison would be Trump compared
to a hypothetical President Clinton was
it new to you that that was the the
logical way to do this was it new to you
they're kicking it to the experts can't
possibly do go wrong with Trump's pace
because they're not going to say no to a
smart solution to the problem that they
have will they
yeah nobody's going to disagree with the
fact that it's the fifth inning we don't
know how the negotiations going to turn
out and nobody nobody disagrees with the
fact that the environment has changed by
this extended fight we've become more
engaged as citizens we care we're going
to look at this plan and we're going to
force the you know the engineers and the
experts to make sure that we have
something we can look at alright here's
my next advice now if you've been
following my political prognostication
you know that I'm the most successful
predictor in all of politics if you read
win big lis especially you know that now
as successful as I've been in politics
and I would say for the past three years
of the most successful accurate
predictor of events we're now going in
with these these experts and the working
group that's trying to figure out the
border stuff it's becoming more like a
committee right it's more like a meeting
behind closed doors and as good as I am
at politics I'm even better I tell you
what's gonna happen behind closed doors
in a meeting because that's sort of my
beat right my sweet spot in life is
telling you what's going to happen in a
meeting and here's a little tip for you
and I'm waiting to the end of the
periscope to say this because the only
people who are going to be watching this
periscope all the way to the end are our
Trump supporters right if you're if
you're not a trump supporter you haven't
gotten this far you've already puked
into your mouth and you know you're even
you bailed out so now I can tell you the
stuff that other people won't wait here
in that meeting whoever whoever is in
charge of the graphics wins whoever can
come up with the best physical picture
and takes charge of hey I'll be in
charge of making sure we draw the
picture because at the end of it you
know what and during the process they're
probably going to be you know things on
whiteboards and and you know handouts
and stuff and they'll be literally
pictures whichever person says oh I'll
take care of the graphics every time we
make a decision in the meeting
I'll put it together on on some chart so
you can you can compare them whoever
that person is is going to have the most
influence on the outcome because you
know I've taught you before that the the
the visuals always win right so whoever
has the most compelling visual image
tends to win in a complicated situation
the border thing is probably going to
get really complicated once they get in
the room it's going to be a whole bunch
of people who wish they weren't in the
room have other things to do they're
busy they're going to be overwhelmed
with the complexity and the numbers and
the different places on the border it's
just going to be this big complicated
ball of stuff that the people working on
the solution are all gonna be a little
overwhelmed
whoever a volunteer is to say you know
I'll tell you what to make this easy
I'll be in charge of the graphics so
I'll be the one who hands out that the
new picture that's the new version of
what we talked about yesterday that
person is going to determine how this
comes out so if it's a trump supporting
person who volunteers first that's going
to be an enormous advantage toward in
guiding the final outcome so if you put
me in that room let me put it this way
if you airdrop to me into that room and
said hey Scott you haven't you don't
know anything about the border but we're
gonna put you on this working group the
working group would end up doing pretty
much what I told them to do pretty much
what I told them to do because I would
take control of the graphics and then I
would shade them I would make sure the
graphics told the story I wanted to tell
a little bit better than any other story
so you know that's what's gonna happen
behind closed doors so watch for who
comes up with the graphics and and if
you see if you start seeing pictures
even ahead of the the working group you
like if you see some drafts that come
out of that then then you know that
something interesting is happening all
right that's all for now I'm gonna go do
what other things and I'll talk to you
later