let's check on the uh stock
market stock market is up no not bad
Test's up
2% not bad I guess we should do a
show let me get my comments
going and then we'll then we'll have
some fun
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams you've
never had a better time but if you'd
like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need is a cuper muger a glass of
tanker chells a Stein a canteen jug or
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
of the DOP mean end of the day the thing
makes everything better it's called
that's right the simultaneous Sip and it
happens
now so good well if you didn't watch
yesterday and you probably
did the uh astronauts have been rescued
by SpaceX
um and they uh splashed down yesterday
and they were healthy and happy and uh
everything worked uh I found it
unusually
inspirational um I feel like
everything's been so negative lately
that when you see something that is just
not political I mean it shouldn't be it
got
politicized and it shows
excellence and it
shows uh
empathy and it shows American
knoow um pretty
inspirational but do you think there was
any hoaxes from the left yes so
apparently the hoax on the left is that
they were never stranded at
all that's right they were never really
stranded because there was some other
way to get
back so the reason they stayed up there
for I don't know 9 months or what
whatever it was is because they weren't
stranded
now it's unbelievable I I heard that
yesterday and I thought how in the
world can you just even say that with a
straight
face um but the the outlets who have
admitted they were stranded are PBS Time
Washington Post ABC BBC Fox News Forbes
Newsweek New York Post USA today so they
all call this stranded but suddenly once
uh Elon musk's company is getting ready
to save them well they were never
stranded what what do you mean by
stranded you know technically there was
some other way to get back what put on
their little space suits and and just do
a big kick toward Earth I don't think
that would have worked so anyway great
job Elon Musk and
Company meanwhile apple is working on a
a new technology for their for their
airpods so that you can have immediate
translation when you're talking to
somebody in another
language now finally we get that Star
Trek Universal
translator can you imagine that can can
you imagine just having your little Earp
pods in and your phone is translating
somebody in real
time that would be so wild yeah you you
could imagine that people would want to
travel in places that they wouldn't want
to travel before because they couldn't
do the language but imagine being able
to speak any of the main languages just
by putting your ear pods in that's kind
of wild so I guess that will be part of
Apple's next big upgrade which
apparently is supposed to be a big one
it's going to have a bunch of AI in
it well there was another big swatting
yesterday the SWAT team showed up at
Owen Shroyer
home um if he hadn't gotten swatted I
guess I would have been surprised
because he's a you know infowar related
and uh he's a conservative
podcaster type media person and sure
enough guess whated and it's got to be a
lot scarier if you look like somebody
who might be
dangerous so this is not an insult to
Owen it's actually kind of a compliment
he's very
manly yeah he's got he's got the beard
and everything and he looks like he
could be dangerous and I'm thinking that
it's way more dangerous if you're you
know a male who looks like well you look
like you could be dangerous so this is
not funny so this is what the
15th and the fact that these SWAT people
are still going out with their guns
drawn I just feel like there's got to be
some solution to this um I don't know
what it would be but you know could it
be that they don't take SWAT calls from
burner
phones because how many people have a
burner phone that is the thing they're
going to use to call in a
crime it seems like that'd be kind of
rare So if they can't see the uh you
know who the person is or why can't you
just call the person cuz because they
always have the phone number of the
anybody in the house why not just call
the person and if they have an iPhone
say can you turn on turn on uh
FaceTime and just show me what's
happening and you'd be like okay here's
my wife still in bed here's my kid still
in bed you know here's a sweep of the
house uh everything's fine but if you
want to come over just let me know when
you're in the driveway and I'll come
out so there's got to be some way to
handle this well the JFK files are at
least some of them around I guess it's
30,000 of what would be
80,000 and do you remember what my
prediction about the JFK files would
be
nothing that it would be just the stuff
we've already suspected or seen or been
hinted at that's largely what happened
so it could be that maybe the good
secrets are in the second
batch but I doubt it now now take if if
you've had time to see what people are
saying about the existing files um take
a look at the big insights we're getting
which is not a lot and then compare that
to Trump allegedly saying that if you
knew what if you saw what I saw you
wouldn't release them
either does that sound like anything you
saw in the JFK files so the I guess the
most um damning things are the things we
already
knew um and the things we already knew
were that there was a CIA connection to
Oswald and there was a there was a mafia
connection to Ruby and and we do know
that the CIA and the mafia were working
together and that that was also
confirmed um when it came to Cuba so
that's in the files so it doesn't say
who killed
JFK but it does
suggest that the CIA was all over
everything and we do know that uh JFK
wanted to dismantle and um just
completely rip up the
CIA now one of the surprises was I
didn't realize that in the 60s it the
CIA was already enormous and maybe
controlling the government already so
that part surprised me a little little I
mean it it doesn't surprise me when a
intelligence group takes over a country
because that's what they're trained to
do so if they didn't take over their own
country you know it'd be surprising if
you waited 50 years sometime in that 50
years the people who are experts at
overthrowing countries are going to
overthrow your
country it just seems like that's
inevitable so I guess that's the main
thing um so so lots of uh lots of Mafia
and
CIA uh then there is this one one
document from Gary
Underhill who allegedly worked for the
CIA and he revealed to friends that he
thought the CIA was behind the JFK
assassination and then he was found dead
um soon after that now that doesn't
prove that he
knew and it doesn't prove that it was
the head of the CIA it could have been
just some people who also coincidentally
worked with the CIA but uh he said it
was a small click within the CIA was
responsible for for the assassination
but that is not any kind of confirmation
of anything that was just one guy saying
that he thought that was
true um I guess six months later he was
found dead so it wasn't the next day it
was like six months later uh there was
interestingly a letter from uh
Schlesinger warning Kennedy at the time
that the CIA had become a state within a
state and was Arthur linger Jr he one of
he was one of Kennedy's advisers and he
said the CIA has grown too powerful too
Reckless and it's running its own
foreign policy so it sounds like the CIA
was overthrowing other countries without
the president president being
involved does that sound even remotely
possible I think yes I think that does
sound possible um so just imagine that
imagine that the CIA was running its own
foreign policy that the president was
not only not in agreement with but
didn't even know so that's how bad it
was um let's see and he said
that yeah the all these Secret Wars like
the Bay of Pigs and stuff happened in
Vietnam and Algeria and the Philippines
um and said they will bleed you to death
meaning all the CIA efforts and other
countries will bleed you to death and
apparently Schlesinger thought that the
uh the British intelligence
MI6 were operating under strict controls
from the government whereas the CIA was
running
unchecked does that sound like a lot of
our
government didn't the Doge people find
that the
usaid which apparently was closely tied
to our CIA operations was completely
unchecked so since the
60s the people in charge have known that
the CIA was running
unchecked
and they just kept running unchecked
nothing really
changed anyway so Kennedy was warned
about this uh in June of 61 and he was
assassinated in November of
63 are they
connected don't know we don't know the
only thing I would say for sure is that
whatever it was that Trump
saw uh we have not
seen now you could kind of imagine that
maybe Mike Pompeo because he was head of
the CIA at the time didn't want the CIA
to come
you know to get a black eye or anything
but this is the stuff we already knew
anybody who looked into it already knew
there was some kind of a CIA connection
to you at least to the to the alleged
shooter well meanwhile uh Trump and
Putin had a call and uh I think wickoff
and even Trump are still characterizing
it as you know positive progress and
they're you know they they're really
doing well and you know peace is coming
but nothing that came out of that
meeting sounds like that to me so here
are the things that uh Putin wanted and
he agreed to so there was some kind of
agreement to stop targeting each other's
energy
infrastructure as of this morning I
believe that that's already been
broken I saw one report I don't know if
it's true uh that that uh Putin already
targeted some energy infrastructure so
probably even that wasn't true but
that's one thing that Putin seem to be
agreeing to what I don't know is if they
agreed that it would start immediately
or if it's something he was willing to
do but they hadn't agreed to do it so
maybe there's some difference there um
then then uh Trump was saying that there
was some kind of agreement for
deconflict the Black Sea so not
attacking ships in the Black Sea I don't
know if that happened or if it's going
to
happen um and then there were some hand
waving about maybe cooperating with
Russia for events in the Middle East but
that's kind of
non-specific and that they both agreed
to work toward an improved bilateral
relationship which is pretty
generic but here are the things that uh
Putin wants they seem like they're going
to be a little tough he wants a complete
cessation of foreign military aid and
intelligence sharing for Ukraine so in
other words he wants to keep his entire
military while while telling Ukraine to
get rid of theirs just completely get
rid of it their intelligence and their
essentially their military because if
they don't get foreign a there's not
much military left he wants uh Ukraine
to be not part of the
talks he wants to only deal with Trump
okay I don't I don't know how you can
make the the ukrainians not part of it
at some point but maybe not in the first
point um Russia wants sanctions relief I
don't know what kind of sanctions are on
there right now and apparently Putin's
asking to not only keep the stuff that
they've conquered you know the the zones
that they've conquered he wants more
than that so he wants some entire
provinces that they've never even
occupied okay the odds of that are about
zero so uh and then Lindsey Graham said
he's putting together a package for
Congress to uh Implement some more
crushing sanctions on Russia's economy I
don't know what that would be so we
don't have details that um and then just
embedded in one of the articles I was
reading about this uh was this little
factoid apparently Russia has been
helping the
hoodies determine what ships to fire at
which means our
ships is that true that Russia is the
one who's been telling the hoodies what
to
Target cuz that's not
cool um so that that obviously would
have to
end so I'm going to say that as long as
the land for peace deal includes
provinces that they have not occupied
there's no way that anybody's going to
agree to
that um yeah fro we froze some oligarch
assets that's not much I mean we didn't
we can't completely phrase
it so I don't know to me it looks like
uh we don't have anything that would
make Ukraine feel comfortable
so there's no guarantees for Ukraine
that seems like a
non-starter and if Putin wants more
territory than he's even
occupied that seems like a non-starter
but maybe there's still room for
negotiating I don't I don't know what it
would look like um but uh so I'm going
to be uh a little more
negative I I do think that if lindsy
Graham puts together a strong package
that Russia really really doesn't want
to experience a package of sanctions
that that might
might give uh Trump an excuse to walk
away now remember in negotiations
there's there's usually one walk away at
least where somebody says nope can't do
it there's no way this will ever happen
I'm going to uh quadruple your sanctions
and good luck we're just going to let
the Europeans keep Haring these
Ukrainian iions and uh you know good
luck your army will be ground to Pieces
eventually so I don't know I'm not super
optimistic but at the very least it's
not going to happen fast so if I had to
guess few months maybe a couple of
months to work out details if they can
do it at
all and and then it seems like that
whole uh there are a whole bunch of
ukrainians and K who've been surrounded
and get get wiped out and then I saw
other news that says oh they've already
escaped really so was that ever true
that there were some people surrounded
and going to be wiped out by
Russia yeah well I realize that uh yeah
Putin is asking for if he's smart he's
asking for more than he thinks he can
get so he's got something to negotiate
away but
still but still does doesn't look that
close to me seems doable but maybe in a
month or two we'll
see uh Chuck Schumer was on MSNBC
reminding us why Democrats are so
pathetic um and have you noticed that
the the the Democrats when they talk
about
Republicans they always just
hallucinate and they hallucinate what
the what the Republicans are thinking or
what their secret um their secret
Ambitions are so I saw Greg geld do a
great job on this the other day
yesterday maybe um how the things that
Republicans don't like about Democrats
are things that are actually happening
hey you opened the Border hey you're
doing domestic terrorism at Tesla real
things but when you listen to what the
Democrats complain about um
Republicans it's about their secret
thoughts and they're not even smart
secret thoughts so Schumer's on there on
MSNBC he's like uh Elon Musk and the
Doge he's only doing it to save his save
taxes for
himself does anybody think that Elon
Musk is only doing Doge to save taxes
does Schumer not understand that with
Doge we're all dead we're all dead
because the the debt is completely an
existential threat if we don't take a
huge bite out of that um we're all dead
and instead of focusing on the we're all
dead and there's only one possible way
out and thank goodness somebody that
talented and that determin is working on
it he says no he's just trying to save
taxes
you stupid piece of
crap uh and there's going to be a
constitutional
crisis constitutional
crisis so then Schumer mentions
oligarchs because they still think that
that's moving the needle uh how about
oligarchs uh he wants to he wants to
save on his own taxes and be an
oligarch um and then he pumped his tiny
fists so I'm going to do my humor
impression of exciting the crowd and it
goes like
this I'm pumping my tiny fists cuz
that's how hard we're going to fight oh
cuz he wants to save on
taxes and I didn't mean for fireworks to
go off behind me that's just automatic
how am I even doing that must be the
fist so that was uninspiring and then he
talks about uh how
you know if they keep working on it they
can damage Trump
politically you know what was missing
there was not a single positive
forward-looking
plan there was not one part of what
Schumer talked about that was you know
we want to accomplish this thing that
would be good for the country but maybe
the Republicans were stopping us from
doing it the only thing they wanted to
do was damage Trump
that is so
sick I mean and the fact that you would
go on a show and essentially not offer
anything of value it's just made up
stuff well if we damage Trump we can
keep Musk from saving on his
taxes and and and we can avoid a
constitutional crisis now you know the
definition of a constitutional crisis
anything they don't like
that's a constitutional crisis anything
you don't like so that that's not real
not even
real so as you know the uh the Tesla
protests are now you know clearly in the
domestic terrorism uh category people
are getting their individual cars keyed
and people are spray painting them and
you know damaging them in different ways
uh dealerships are being you know
attacked some set on fire some of the uh
charging
stations and according to the New York
Post one of the people funding this fake
Grassroots rage because there's nobody
would do this
individually this is completely funded
and organized by somebody important so
allegedly there's a top Democrat donor
who used to have a rich husband but now
she's divorced
and she's taking her her money from that
I guess and she put a half a million
dollars into the indivisible action it's
a it's a polit political action
committee that's uh linked to the
protests so basically um we have yet
again the ex-wife
problem how many times are we going to
see this so we got Steve Jobs
Widow who's funding all kinds of bad
behavior on the Democrats we've got Jeff
bezos's wife ex-wife who's doing all
kinds of you know bad things and funding
him on the left and now we've got uh
what's her
name
uh Carla
jiton who is funding the domestic
terrorism against Tesla now she would
say she's funding protests but I think
everybody knows it turns into the
domestic terrorism in about a
second and here's the thing that's hard
to it's hard to ignore at this
point when I hear Republicans talk they
say things like we're going to make
America the leader in
energy we're going to stop a
war we're going to we're going to do
America First we're going to lower
inflation like actual real things that
are positive but look at look at the
list of things that Democrats did and
let me ask you this before I read the
list does this sound like they're even
pro- America or does it sound like their
intention is to destroy America now I
realized how crazy that sounds but but
just listen to the list so we had the
whole covid
mandates one of the most destructive
things that's ever happened in America
we had the open borders that's hard to
understand except in terms of destroying
the country um they seem to be anti- all
forms of energy and we know that the
more energy the more successful you are
so that's anti-
civilization we know that the teachers
unions um in my opinion are the biggest
reason that children are not well
educated which means that the future is
being um sacrificed for the teachers
union which is just an organ of the
Democrats um
we know that they're doing the Tesla
protests and trying to take down one of
the most Innovative Forward Thinking
pro-climate
companies in the United States not one
of maybe the greatest company in the
United States now how in the world do
they justify that when not long ago Elon
was a hero to them and it's the same car
company and it's like oh well at least
we got this one car company that's going
to save the climate according to them
then you've got these activist judges
we'll talk about that creating a
constitutional crisis then of course you
had Dei which Trump is thankfully
unwinding but Dei on paper will destroy
your country because it's a move away
from um competence and a move toward
identity there's no way that can work in
the long run and and that we have all
these swatting attacks
these are all insanely
destructive and it seems to
be all they have all they have is let's
see if we can destroy uh Republicans by
calling them demestic terrorists let's
see if we can destroy Trump and his
entire family and his entire business
let's see if we can destroy everything I
mean I mean everything they do
has this
characteristic that it would destroy the
country and it's hard to look at all of
those things on the list like these are
the major things they're not not the
minor things these are the major things
they're doing it seems like they don't
have any Instinct for survival and they
have a great instinct to
destruction and if I were running for
office uh I would never let the voters
forget that they were destroying a great
American company
now the Democrats would say well but
what about that Bud Light thing well
that's a little different that's just
people deciding to buy other
beer and even that didn't last long I
think Bud light's doing fine
now but if you're actually you know
vandalizing people's product and and
creating a you know danger physical
danger if you're going to be around the
Tesla building or the Chargers
that is a whole
different deal you you can't compare
those so uh Robbie Starbuck was making
this point he said that uh Democrats
could condemn Terror attacks on Tesla
with a simple statement released by the
party uh and elected Democrats could
release individual statements about it
and they haven't done so any decent
person
would but they
refuse doesn't that tell you everything
you need to know just think about it if
if uh if Republicans were behind a bunch
of sabotage of an American company like
actual physical sabotage don't you think
that Republicans would speak out and say
all right that's way too far pull it
back we don't want to support any
physical you know risk against anything
like that but instead they're just going
to say well what about January 6 what
about January 6 well there were plenty
of Republicans who condemned January 6
so that's more to Starbucks point that
Republicans are willing to condemn
violence when it's you know domestic
violence but just think about that and
and I think Trump should actually
publicly call
uh should publicly call for the leaders
of the Democrat Party to condemn the
violence and condemn the
swatting they should do both they should
say we do not support swatting we do not
support uh any of these not the protests
but the the damage against any of these
assets I don't think they're going to do
it but certainly from a political point
of view I think Trump and the other
leaders should say here's your chance
here's your chance to say you're not in
favor of this otherwise we assume you
are and I do assume they
are well in California Gavin Nome uh
Joel Joel Pollock of breitbard news is
writing about this uh needs another $2.8
billion loan to pay for the medical for
illegal
aliens now does that sound like
something that's good for America or
does it sound like they want to run up
the debt of Americans and bring in
people to take our jobs and give them
healthare all of it just everything the
Democrats are doing looks like it's
designed to destroy the
country let's talk about these activist
judges so we've got three situations now
and I think there have been just dozens
more so you got that judge bosberg who
tried to get the the airplan with the
Venezuelan gangs to turn around he was
like oh you can't do that um we're going
to put a pause on that so turn those
Jets around but they didn't turn around
because they were already pretty close
to their destinations and therefore the
argument is that they were out of the
jurisdiction by the time the ruling came
um but I think it was Justice Roberts of
the Supreme Court who said
uh the only way to sort this out is
through the the justice system so the
Supreme Court should get involved and
you know you shouldn't shouldn't be
moving against the activist
judges uh now we've got uh another
District Court Judge who ordered the US
military to reverse its policy about
enlisting trans members we've got
another one
who's
um who's trying to get usaid either put
back together or not completely uh
dismantled
so we got that National pulse is
reporting on that so you got three cases
but how many of them are there according
to uh real clear
investigations uh 67% of all injunctions
and mo most of these uh core actions are
injunctions meaning meaning that Trump
tried to do something and then the court
says stop you can't do it that that
would be the injunction so six 6 7% of
all injunctions for this entire
Century have happened in president
trumps uh in his first term and 92% were
imposed by Democrat appointed
judges does that tell you the whole
story 92% were from Democrat appointed
judges and almost all of the injunctions
that have ever happened you know like a
solid majority are just against Trump so
that's about as an of control as you
could possibly get but what is the
remedy for that well according to Ron de
santis governor of
Florida um he thinks that and I don't
know I don't know if this is completely
going to pass the legal scrutiny but he
would know I mean d santis would know
the law he he says he's calling on
Congress to strip the jurisdiction of
federal courts to decide the cases
dictating Trump's executive policies is
that a real
thing do you think Congress can tell
judges uh you can't make rulings in this
domain I don't know how that works I
guess I'm
skeptical that that that would
fly um but but
apparently according to disantis and
again he would know more than I do so
the fact that I don't think it's a thing
doesn't mean anything if if Des santis
thinks it's a thing it's probably a
thing uh I think Mike cernovich was um
advocating for some kind of action in a
similar vein and he would know too so um
according to disantis Congress has the
authority to strip jurisdiction of the
federal courts to decide these cases in
the first place no I'm I'm surprised if
that's true but I will accept that they
know more than I do
anyway so we'll see if that happens you
know
the the one that just jumps out at me is
when Trump was deporting the uh the
Venezuelan
gangs and he was doing it under the
banner of commanderin-chief
and then a judge comes in and says you
can't do that and I I say to myself
where is the limit to what a judge can
do to stop stop the commanderin-chief
from doing commanderin-chief
things for example if the
commander-in-chief ordered an attack
let's say you know a defensive attack
because somebody attacked us could a
judge stop
it well where where's the limit if a
judge can overrule the commanderin-chief
do you have a commander-in
chief and is it only for like marginal
stuff where well we're not sure this is
a war you know maybe it's not that
domain but I thought the whole idea of a
commanderin-chief is that we accept that
when it comes to defending the country
we want a strong strong
executive and we don't want anybody
messing with it we don't want Congress
saying oh no you can't do that because
you need fast
action so it's hard for me to believe
that these judges can get in the
business of a commander and chief maybe
the other stuff is easier to believe but
the commander and chief how do you get
in that business the there there's no
situation in which I want to see a judge
do anything when it comes to defending
the country that that's just got to be
the commander-in-chief nothing else
works
so um according to the Daily Caller Nick
Pope is writing that they've got an
exclusive the says the Biden
Administration intentionally buried uh
an inconvenience study to justify major
energy crackdowns so the Biden
Administration wanted to do um less
liquid natural gas export projects
because their their thinking was it was
you know bad for the climate but
apparently prior to making the ruling uh
they their own study showed that wasn't
the case and then they did anyway and
they just suppressed the
study does that sound like they're
trying to help the United States or
destroy the United
States well if they had a study that
says this isn't going to help anybody
and they did it anyway and all it did
was you know damage the energy industry
in our own
country that's just
damaging I mean the the pattern here is
so freaking clear that they just want to
hurt they want to destroy they don't
want to build anything they just want to
make everything
worse pretty
consistent well another good news
according to the National
pulse uh Jack Montgomery is writing
about this uh you know that uh Ben
Shapiro is doing a series on Derek
Chauvin and the George Floyd thing and
he'd like to see if he can get a a
pardon at least for the federal part of
the crimes that wouldn't absolve them or
get him out of jail because there's
still State charges but uh Shapiro is
quite quite bravely waiting into this
total third rail
situation and you know I've said it two
or three times but I'm so impressed I'm
just so impressed that Shapiro would put
his reputation on the line for this
cause
which I agree with
completely um and they have
50,000 people who signed a petition to
Pardon Derek
shauvin so it it definitely shows that
there's a a lot of people who feel the
same to me it's
obvious that he was uh convicted because
he's
white and so I'm 100% in favor of doing
whatever it can whatever can be done to
uh lessen his
punishment um there's another study
according to the Daily signal VJ uh
gaj there's a study that debunks the
idea that if it gets warmer uh
agriculture will suffer how many of you
already knew
that most of you right if if there's a
little more
CO2 and it causes a little bit of
warming is that good for agriculture or
bad it's good because the CO2 is good
for the plants and warmer temperatures
are almost always good for
agriculture so this study showed you
could you could go up as much as 5
degrees uh well actually 9 degrees
Fahrenheit and it would not reduce
copals 9
degrees now it might make a difference
of where you can grow stuff so it would
basically turn places that were not good
for growing into good growing places
there might be some places that got too
hot but
overall it would just give you more food
more
cheaply so pretty much everything you've
been told about climate change is
sketchy and I like to I like to end any
story about climate change by saying
this wait till they find out about
climate
models wait till the Democrats find out
about climate models and by the way is
it my imagination or have they almost
completely shut up about the risk of
climate do do you hear that dog not
barking
right am I wrong that it seemed like
every other day there'd be another story
about oh climate change it's going to
kill us all and it just
stopped now do you think that's because
almost all of the new information coming
in and the new data shows that it's not
going to be much of a
problem I I think that might be it but
you know it also seems to me that it
didn't look like much of a problem
before and they were still you know they
were still pounding on it like a rented
mule so I don't
know um we'll see I I do think climate
change is getting ready to just
completely
you know completely dissolve as a major
issue uh meanwhile the firm
andil uh you know Palmer Lucky's a
company it's a they made drones and
missiles and real high-tech new kinds of
weapons uh they're going to build a
gigantic Factory in the UK so that will
be their big European weapon making
facility so but that makes me
think at what point
does Ukraine just use robots for their
defense because don't you think at some
point in the future the military will be
pretty much just robots and drones we're
almost there and nobody's closer to that
than Ukraine because recently they did
an entire uh an entire battle in which
there were no humans on their side that
were engaged in the battle except
operating the drones so so what would
happen just
hypothetically if Trump says all right
we will not put any human no human
peacekeepers but we might want a lot of
robots and drones just to feel a little
bit safer and then you just pack Ukraine
with all kinds of defensive drones and
you know stuff from
andil I don't know I don't think Putin
would love
it but he might like it a lot more than
boots and the
ground so we'll
see um according to Eric Dolan and sa
post the people who use chat GPT the AI
is uh highly skewed toward
males there's a lot of activity going
out going on outside my window for some
reason better check on that um does that
surprise you
that there's a new technology and men
are using it more than
women now why do you think that
is there's a conversation like right
outside my window there shouldn't be
anybody out there am I getting
swatted I don't know what's happening
yeah maybe I
am better check on that um I'm not
surprised so I'm going to give you a
hypothesis
is my hypothesis goes like
this men like tools and men like
weapons and if I were in the let's say
traditional Workforce you know I was
working for a big company and somebody
said hey there's this new
tool and I would say you mean a new
weapon so that I could fight my way to
the top of the corporate ladder by
learning it faster than other people and
employing it more efficiently so if you
say to me there's a new technology that
can make you you know LeapFrog the
competition and you know be a superstar
and have more success I'm going to be
all over it and I think that's a very
male
thing
um so that that's just my sexist
hypothesis we like tools and we like
weapons all right all right that is all
I've got for today going to keep it a
little bit short kind of tired today um
because I better find out what's
happening outside it doesn't sound good
at
all all right um I'll see you tomorrow
same time same place I'm going to talk
to the people on locals privately if my
technology allows
me
locals
e
e
e e