boom boom boom boom boom
ba ba ba ba ba hey everybody come on in
here Eddie
good to see you this morning Eddie cool
who else we got coming in here well
everybody's coming in now
all right hey Nancy hey fuzzy hey Ronald
dan it's almost time for this special
election day midterm version of coffee
with Scott Adams yeah it's gonna be good
it's gonna be a fun day
and let's start it by enjoying our
favorite beverage
grab your Stein your mug your glass your
cup your container fill it full of your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me for the simultaneous lip
now you may have missed some of the big
news of the day CNN is reporting that a
Harvard paper claims that there's a
cigar-shaped interstellar object that
may have been an alien probe that went
through our solar system that's right
a gigantic cigar shaped interstellar
object may have been an alien probe
Harvard paper says and they show a
picture of it it turns out that the
alien probe looks exactly like a big
rock and I know if I were an alien and
now we're going to design an alien probe
I would make it look like just a regular
Rock that's how I would do it so while
this alien probe which coincidentally
looks like a rock has been visiting our
universe I think it's a sign it's a sign
it's a sign that anything can happen yes
I said cigar-shaped and maybe anything
will happen the same the same time we
get a report about a interstellar object
that might be an alien probe we hear on
an interview that President Trump has
agreed that perhaps he should tone it
down and be nicer what in the same week
that we have an alien probe president
Trump says he's going to tone it down
and be nicer connect the dots people
connect the dots aliens have already
taken over our president I think that's
obvious now our president does not tone
it down he does not agree to be nicer
has to be aliens
I think we've solved that problem or
that that mystery anyway it turns out
that you know that campaign had
that for the Trump campaign that showed
the cop-killer it was a very very well
let's say well distributed got a lot of
attention turns out that even Fox News
won't run it anymore because it's too
racist and everybody's poor Fox News
everybody is saying even Fox News won't
run it that's pretty racist so you have
to work on your brand when people are
saying even you think is racist you know
that something you've done something
wrong with your brand when people say it
that way instead of just you know when
enemies NBC also decided not to run it
now when they report NBC decides to not
run it they say NBC decided not to run
it they thought it was too racist but
when they they report that Fox News
didn't run it they say even Fox News so
maybe Fox News needs to shore up that
brand a little bit now my take on it was
that if you're going to talk about crime
and you talk about crime from south of
the border you're going to want to make
it visual because just talking about
crime as a concept doesn't work and if
you're gonna make a visual it's gonna be
a person and it's going to be a person
who came from south of the border so it
would have been hard to tell the crime
story without creating a commercial that
looked racist based on the standards of
the day so the the standards of 2018 are
that if you show one person and that one
person happens to not be white or white
male I guess if that person is not a
white male the assumption is that you're
talking about all of the people now you
could question whether that assumption
is a reasonable one or a true one or
crazy but that's the standard and 2018
and the standard is if you're only going
to show one person as a bad example
the only kind you could show would be an
adult white male and then people
wouldn't make assumptions but if you
show any other ethnicity if you show a
woman
if you showed any kind of strange group
let's get rid of that guy then if you
get if you show any other strange group
then people make assumptions now my my
take on it was that it does it does come
across as racist which is different from
saying that the people who made it are
racist right there's a big difference
between saying the ad comes across to
people who watch it as racist that's not
the same as the people who made it a
racist and they wanted you to know it
yeah those are different concepts but I
would say here's the interesting part we
we've just watched an election cycle
that's similar to other election cycles
in which both sides try to brand the
opponent by the worst few people in
their group so the Democrats are trying
to brand all Republicans by the whatever
small percentage are actual racists and
so the idea even though it's just some
small percentage of racists let's call
them all racist because they're not
doing enough about the racist something
like that and then of course the
Republicans brand the Democrats as being
exactly the same as the worst Democrats
you know a few of them want to be
communists and have open borders and
crazy stuff like and Soros is the devil
so both sides are branding the other
side by the worst few people in the
group normal politics the same was done
with the criminals coming across the
border exactly the same technique as
both parties are using against each
other pick the worst people in the group
and then say that somehow represents the
group so when the campaign commercial
did the same thing unfortunately it came
off as looking pretty darn racist so the
big networks is not running it but does
that matter well not today because the
election is already here and the the ad
probably did whatever
whatever damage the ad was gonna do it
already did now I've asked people if
they want to give a report from a
polling station to use my company's app
interface by when hub and to put in
either election or poll and I see there
is one person in Newtown Connecticut who
is a poll watcher I can try to call her
up
I tried a minute ago and she didn't
answer
hey let's see if she answers this time
so this is somebody at one of the
polling places in Connecticut but I
don't know if she's really there or just
left her profile on so if she answers
we'll see what she says if there are
others of you who see something
interesting at a polling place today
just use the free interface by one hub
app sign up as an expert and put it in
your keywords poll or election and I'll
give you a call and it looks like maybe
she's not online anymore
okay looks like she's offline so if
anyway anybody else wants to try it
later we'll be calling him I'll be I'll
be checking in with you every once in a
while today I'm using it as a realtor
yeah you know we just have to get more
more users on there and then the value
of it goes up for everybody so it's
really yeah
chicken a problem we're working on right
now who will Muller indict tomorrow yeah
it could get interesting right after the
election but here's my advice for all of
you no matter what happens today it is a
victory for the United States is a
victory for democracy the election day
you know if I hate to be the one who's
always looking at the the good side of
things but if I may
here's the good side of today as
rancorous as things have been an entire
nation is watching while the people who
are willing to actually vote show up by
the tens of millions to vote today odds
are there will be no violence think
about that I mean there might be there
might be a skirmish here there but the
odds are in this entire gigantic country
there will be no violence
for the most part chances are that
whatever the result is the country will
accept it that's amazing
chances are that when we're done we will
still have a government that functions
better than most governments and we will
move forward if it turns out that we
have a split Congress Senate goes one
way house goes the other I am not
convinced that will be worse for the
country we will do different things than
if it were not split but my guess is
that health care and immigration may be
infrastructure maybe prison reform
you've got all of these things maybe
drug laws there are a whole bunch of
things that almost require probably do
require both sides to buy into them if
you don't have a split Congress I don't
know if you can get any of that done
because if it's just one side the other
side will you know just go nuts trying
to stop them so you need you need both
sides to have a little bit of power to
have a creative tension and somebody use
that phrase yeah so we may be on the
cusp even if it ends up being is split
Congress of being stronger than we've
ever been because that will give us the
power to do the the things that need to
be done they split Congress because we
do have a president who can deal with
both sides if he needs to he's sort of
unique that way uh-huh so again I would
say let's celebrate the day tens of
millions of Americans who are deeply
committed to the preservation of the
system and the betterment of the United
States and all of its people going to
these polls or have already voted
watching with great interest in the in
the best interest of the country and as
the United States goes so goes much of
the world so you're seeing one of the
coolest things this civilization can
ever serve up Election Day a successful
Election Day in the United States it's
one of the greatest things they could
ever happen in the whole history of the
world and you get to watch it you get to
watch it live today so here's my preview
of what I'm going to say no matter what
the outcome is good job good job
whatever the outcome is both sides
fought hard both sides brought their
best I saw a tremendous energy I think
if the Democrats pulled it out if the
Democrats grabbed the house I for one
I'm going to say good job all right you
put in the time you put it into work
you know you did the legwork if you win
good job let's get something done if you
don't win I'm not gonna rub it in that's
my personal decision I hope that you
join me so we may be on the verge of
something very good and it almost
doesn't matter who wins I think we're on
the verge of being an even better
country than we were so that's my
optimism for today I hope some of this
rubs off I don't know if you share this
feeling but I don't know if you share
this feeling but it feels like there's
something about election day in which
all of the the anger you know all of the
division for just one day just collapsed
because everybody's doing the same thing
which is voting or watching the vote
with great interest so at least at the
moment just for today that were at least
until the results are announced we're
all very much Americans at least those
of us who are actually Americans so does
anybody voted and can you report on the
size of the lines compared to other
midterms I don't know if anybody can do
that I'm gonna check the interface app
and see if anybody signed up yet for I
would love to know it's only 6:00 a.m.
where we are longer than 2016 lines
longer than the longer than the lines
big lines longer earlier I voted early
longest I've ever seen I'm just looking
at your comments so as somebody said
small massive turnout rainy pouring down
in Pennsylvania big lines and in Texas
yeah you can't really tell because of
all the early voting but I saw I think
you could tell that you can't tell
put it this way you would not be able to
tell much from the early voting but you
should be able to tell something by the
physical voting today because the early
voting was bigger than ever so if the
lines are also bigger than ever that
does tell you something it tells you
that combined they're bigger than ever
des moines was quiet that's probably not
a big surprise Miami Lions were empty
that's interesting Miami you would think
that would be pretty busy depends on the
location yeah there may be some cities
some towns where people just get up
later there's something to that it's
pouring in Delaware and Georgia it's
raining
Alabama big turnout go Alabama early
voting seems more than 2016 it's still
dark in South Africa thank you for
participating huge lines in Texas Rainey
in North Carolina Democrat Democrats
vote tomorrow somebody said in
Pennsylvania took five minutes Raleigh
long lines Fort Pierce Florida small
heavy and Miami West Michigan big
Houston's packed
we had some shared press who just said
that I missed your name let's see if I
can scroll that back I can't no I
thought I could scroll backs but
apparently I can't no need to Crimson
Tide and Bama tornado why
tornado warnings in North Carolina Wow
raining in North Virginia pouring in
Philadelphia raining in upstate New York
and you know what people are gonna vote
anyway because that's the kind of
country we are umbrellas needed well if
you're over a certain age bring an
umbrella if you're under a certain age
put your liddie up
raining hard in Maryland this is this is
interesting on getting this instant
weather report from all over the country
retirement areas were big Pennsylvania
long lines Grand Rapids big Melbourne
long lines brisk the dead have already
voted somebody says Raleigh blustery and
wet thoughts on Amazing Grace yeah so if
you watched you probably saw the news
results of the rally the Trump rally in
which there was some woman had some kind
of a medical problem and I don't know
she she passed down or she fell down and
as the medical folks were working on her
the president paused his speech and
spontaneously the audience started
singing Amazing Grace and it was kind of
a cool moment you know it's a sort of
moment that the approach on people like
a lot the anti-trump people don't care
or won't see it so won't change any
votes but it was this great shared
moment that did not make the Trump
supporters look dangerous and the least
you saw you saw the most well-behaved
well-meaning group of people that you'll
ever see in your life
yeah I've often said that the safest
place on earth would be a Trump rally
you think about it where's the safest
place you could possibly be and I think
the even the woman who had the medical
problem would confirm they had medicals
we had medical people there and the
moment one person one person and of
however many tens of thousands were in
this stadium they all came there for a
different reason and the moment that one
person had a medical problem the entire
stadium and the President of the United
States stood back all at once it was a
complete
there's kind of this cool American
moment because there there are some
times when everybody is on the same side
and it's when somebody gets hurt
so it was a cool cool thing somebody
says are you left to Bernie yes I am
socially speaking of that hawk Newsome
texted me yesterday and asked me if I
would help amplify his message I think
it's for proposition 4 or something I
don't know what the name of it is but
it's the in Florida there's a I ballot
proposition to let ex-cons who have paid
their price vote to which I do agree I
think ex-cons should vote now if you're
very political you say to yourself no we
don't want them to vote because they
might not vote Republican and you're
Republicans and you hate it because they
get to vote to which I say who cares
you're in America if you've paid your
debt you should get to vote and now it
turns out that that you could always
partition I guess you could petition to
get your vote back in Florida
so it's not that you couldn't vote
before you just had to do some paperwork
and all the I believe that new law does
nothing but change it so that the
paperwork is unnecessary so if you're
telling me that getting rid of paperwork
and letting people vote is not
Republican enough I say you don't know
what a Republican is if you could be a
Republican and you're you're not you're
not in favor of getting rid of some
unnecessary paperwork and you're not in
favor of letting every American who has
paid their debt vote you're just not
being very Republican in my opinion now
of course I know that that will change
the vote balance and it would be bad for
Republicans because they might vote how
many ex-cons are really going to vote I
mean it's hard to get anybody to vote
and I've got to think that the class of
people who are ex-cons may just have
other thing
to do they may not be thinking about
politics so much so I was happy to
amplify that message enjoy and hawk and
that's because we're we agree we agree
and where we disagree we can agree to
disagree but we'll work on our
productively you know you in the
business world there's a phrase for that
somebody says it's a slippery slope you
know if you're in business and you make
a product and it's hugely popular and
everybody's buying it what is the first
thing you should think about doing if
you have a really successful product
well the first thing you should think of
doing is cannibalizing it meaning
replace it with another product that
takes the sales from the one that's good
why does that make sense it makes sense
because if you don't do it somebody else
is going to cannibalize your product so
in business it is typical to cannibalize
your own product and then in a very
indirect way if you're Republican and
you were in favor of giving ex-convicts
who have paid their price they've paid
their debt if you let them you know if
you're in favor of giving them the vote
I think that's just the higher level
higher level of operating and you should
hope that some of that goodwill comes
back to you but preventing it just feels
just doesn't feel American to me all
right
am i stoned again it's only 7:30 in the
morning here I am NOT stoned again
the victims should decide well that
would be interesting well here's the
thing you know if if you need to add
some extra you know extra something to
the sentence you know give them another
year in prison or something but denying
somebody the vote is just cutting off
your nose to spite your face as they say
if you don't let a convict vote
you're also not letting them become part
of the system and if they're not part of
the system and they're already inclined
to be criminals that's just not a good
look your best case scenario is to give
ex-convicts the vote because it makes
them feel part of the system and allows
them to buy in to something bigger than
themselves so the reason you should do
it is selfish you should want them to
buy into the system because that helps
them get on the right path the last
thing you want is for them to commit
another crime because they feel like the
system is here and they're here and it's
just two different entities oh my
computer just spontaneously turned weird
I'm just sitting here and suddenly my
computer screen just just went haywire
that's not a good look
all right I'm going to sign off now and
I'll check back with you later today as
we get more information about the
election and we will talk then but to
answer your question yes I am left to
Bernie on a lot of topics
I guess I'm rebooting and I'll talk to
you later