but I hope you can hear me when I plug
in my microphone after I've already
started sorry I'm a little late I'm late
because there's so much news there's
news all over the place and it's good
it's fun and it's the good kind it's the
funny kind it's the best kind and all
you need to enjoy the news today is a
cup or a mug or a glass a tanker
chelators time to canteen juggler flask
FSL of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine says a the thing makes
everything better than you simultaneous
sip go I know 3 minutes late why good
reasons good reasons when you see the
quality of today's periscope you're
gonna say to yourself I'm glad I waited
the extra three minutes Wow it's blowing
me away it's so good
first of all I'd like to start with the
tip if you saw today's Dilbert comic you
know it's about the topic of people who
repeat themselves have you ever been in
a debate with somebody who keeps
repeating the same point and you say to
yourself and you say to them no I
understand your point but here's what
I'm saying and then they'll just say
that same point again as if you had not
addressed it here's what you do after
about the third or fourth time that the
person you're talking with says exactly
the same point say hold on a second let
me write this down and you take a little
note and a paper you say alright I will
stipulate and you write down the
sentence Bob says that it involved Burns
or whatever it is doesn't matter you put
it on a little piece
paper and you put it on the table
between the two of you face up so it can
be read and then you start your
conversation again and at that point
when the person starts repeating
themselves this is what you do you just
reach over to the piece of paper and you
just slowly move it a few inches in
their direction and it's gonna make a
mat then wait until they repeat it again
because they will and then again reach
over and take the little note that says
exactly what they just said and just
move it a little bit closer to them
eventually the person will get really
angry at you and storm out of the room
victory all right let's talk about the
Democrats or let's say the left is
incomplete self emulation mode they've
they've turned on each other it's a
wonderful sight to see and you're seeing
it all over did you see did you see the
story about Wendy Williams mocking
Joaquin Phoenix for a let's say I don't
even want to say I'm not even gonna say
but it let's say is something physical
it was one of the worst things I've ever
seen on television when I when I saw it
I thought seriously you that's what
you're mocking you're mocking this guy
for that in public well she had to
apologize and it's not up to anybody
except Joaquin Phoenix to accept it or
not but the trouble that she got into is
one more example of the left eating
itself but my favorite is Michael Moore
who is quite distressed that Warren and
Bernie Sanders are at each other and he
says they both appeared in my films I
love them both why Elizabeth chose to
stick a knife in Bernie's back is beyond
me well it's not really beyond me so let
me explain this to Michael Moore
there's this thing called the
presidential election that's coming up
and there's this thing called the
primary there are people in the
primaries who want to win and then they
do things like that because that's how
you win did it work
totally now a lot of you said Oh
Elizabeth Warren it sounds like you're
you're causing trouble you said you
wouldn't you're stabbing Bernie that
seems bad you know sort of a bad look
and all that but a day later totally
worked I would say that operation
stabbed Bernie in the back was a
complete success if you saw the panel
that well actually most of the pundits
said well the big moment from the debate
was when Elizabeth Warren said that the
only people on the stage who had ever
won and the elections were the women
actually the others had won elections
but they had also lost I think ten
elections but the women had won every
election tremendously good political
point so from a from a point of
controlling the conversation moving
people's attention where you wanted to
move it I'm going to say Elizabeth
Warren a plus plus plus
she totally changed the conversation
made it about the sort of highlight of
the fact that it's a bunch of you know
white people on the stage which is bad
enough but at least there are some women
right because the day before that we
were all talking about ha ha Democrats
of the party of inclusivity and they
just got rid of all of their people of
color on the stage wasn't that the story
two days ago two days ago that was a
story not anymore
what's the story today thanks to
Elizabeth Warren the story today is hey
there's still two women on the stage and
are we ignoring the fact that they've
won all of their elections and that the
men honest
ten lost elections collectively it's
really good point
in turn just in terms of politics I'm
not saying it's a good point and you
know the world or that it's a good point
logically or rationally or anything else
but politically Wow
so I'm gonna say Warren has the play of
the week political play of the week very
successful I think she actually changed
how people are thinking about this good
job now the real question is who's lying
is Bernie lying when he says I never
said a woman can't win or is whereas
Elizabeth Warren lying when she says
they he did say that I have the answer
to that in my opinion all right so I
can't read minds but if you of course
you've all seen him by now the clip of
Elizabeth Warren not shaking hands was
Bernie and CNN CNN magically found a
separate audio file that they matched up
with the video so you could hear what
she was saying and Elizabeth Warren
walks directly over to Bernie and says
you accused me of lying on television I
think did you say on television or in
public now what have I taught you about
detecting liars Liars say things such as
what evidence do you have or you know
well why would you make that accusation
based on what you know that's what a
liar says here's what an honest person
says they get right in your face and
they say you're a liar now keep in mind
that it's not clear that Warren knew
that this would be picked up on audio
some are suggesting she's smart enough
to know that there's probably was an
audio some have suggested she was
colluding with CNN and that you know she
knew there would be an audio I'm not
gonna say it was that clever it looked
like an honest moment to me so my
impression is that she actually believed
Burnie lied I believe that that
Elizabeth Warren believes her own story
I also believe because of everything
that Bernie has said and done and his
entire career
he's so credible to me and to many of
you but to me he's completely credible
so you have two versions that both
believe their stories
I believe so my opinion is that they
both absolutely do believe their
versions of the story how unusual is
that not it's two movies on one screen
two people were in a room and when they
left the room they had two different
impressions of what happened in the room
how unusual is that zero unusual ality
of it see I made up a word unusual 'ti
you can use it yeah one of the things
about being a professional writer is
that if I start using word it it could
enter a common usage so the unusual 'ti
or maybe it's already a word but I doubt
it so let me give you another example of
exactly this situation which is also in
the news so there's a story about let's
see a gentleman Peter Lucido who's a
michigan state senator now he is
apologized after a female reporter said
he was so a young 20-something reporter
was spending some time with this
michigan state senator and i guess he
said that they were he was going to be
meeting with some high school boys later
and and said that she should hang around
because it'd be a lot of fun according
to him so his version is hey you should
hang around it's gonna be a lot of fun
hanging out with these these guys from
this high school hang around a little
bit she says that the some version of it
was that you'll have a lot of fun with
those boys and they'll have a lot of fun
with you if you know what I mean or some
version of that
so her version of a private conversation
between two people
she left the room and I think she
actually believes that he said something
with a inappropriate sexual tone to it
if you watched his response he looks
really credible what he says that didn't
happen I just said it would be fun has
nothing to do with any kind of sexual
anything now it's possible that one of
them is just lying right but I don't
think so I think they're both telling
the truth
because exactly like Warren and Bernie I
think two people had the same experience
but watched two different movies and
when they left they both believed their
movie how many times do you need to see
people experiencing two different movies
in the same place before you understand
it's the most normal thing in our
experience it's not the exception
because if you imagine it's the
exception you say okay one of them is
lying you know it's not that's not one
of those weird cases where somebody saw
two different movies in the same place
that would be weird it's not that's
that's the operating system of human
beings were subjectively creating our
own little environments and worlds all
the time it's the basic way we operate
once you understand that everything
starts making a little more sense so
that's my preliminary maybe it's my
final conclusion Warren telling the
truth as she sought Bernie telling the
truth as he sought to people who were
being honest
although Warren may be a little
opportunistic by by bringing that up at
exactly the right time seriously that
was just a great great political play
ethical not so much but still within the
realm of what we expect in our political
process so it's not that far out we're
going to talk about impeachment in a
moment here here's an example of why
it's better to be a boomer than a Doomer
now boomers people like me
my age we have a lot of experience we've
seen a bunch of things
does it help well let me give you an
example today I saw message came in to
me from social media platform and it was
a writer asking me if I would be
interviewed for an article he wants to
write on the topic of love and
persuasion and because I talk about
persuasion he thought oh I'll ask this
cartoonist guy if you will give me some
quotes for my article on love and
persuasion what did I say because I'm a
boomer and it's not my first day on
earth I said nope nope not again
anywhere near it
because can you imagine how many ways
that would go wrong as soon as you throw
persuasion and love and the same
conversation nothing can go right from
that point on whatever I would be quoted
as saying would look terrible out of
context because it would be his context
whatever his article was going to be it
wouldn't be my context I might be able
to do it but probably not I mean I don't
need to think I could do it if I did
everything I could to put it in the
right context it would just seem creepy
all right so that's one of the
advantages of just being around a while
if I were 25 and I got that same request
you know what I would have said oh free
attention I'm all over it so and by the
way okay do myrrh with a with a D as in
dog as a response to okay boomer works
really well because it does seem that
the younger people feel like everything
is doomed do you know why young people
think everything is doomed climate
science is going to kill us president
Trump's going to blow up the world
do you know why because young people
still believe that the news is
legitimate imagine a lot of you are
let's say probably half of you
are over 40 I'm guessing roughly I saw
my statistics recently that's about
right it's about half of you or over 40
haven't you seen the doom and then just
kidding process just repeat itself we're
all doomed
now I guess it's okay oh no we're gonna
die mmm thank it's not oh we're all
we're running out of oil yeah not so
much
yeah it's gonna be a nuclear war well it
didn't happen if you see it enough you
become skeptical of everything else
so the dimers which is a perfect name
for them because they've been sold this
story of doom are walking around in this
weird doom bubble that I do not envy now
when I was a child I was I grew up in
the era in which we thought Russia was
going to nuke us at any moment we
actually had a nuclear bomb shelter in
my house now it wasn't very effective
because it was just a basement but my
father wasn't exactly a radiation expert
let's say so he builds a little bomb
shelter in the basement and I I actually
didn't think I would grow up to
adulthood I actually believe the odds
were very good that I would be killed in
a nuclear war and that was my childhood
and a childhood where you actually
expected that it was a high likelihood
you'd die in a nuclear fireball all
right let's talk about let's talk about
impeachment because I know you want to
do that so I've been calling this an
emotional impeachment and I I don't
think I've ever branded anything better
because once you consider that even the
Democrats think there's no real chance
that the president will be removed from
his office that what was the point isn't
the point of impeachment you're trying
to remove him but if you know that's not
going to work why are you doing it well
of course there's the political part
and Pelosi said it directly she said
that the president would always have
this this stain of impeachment would be
dogging him forever she used her own
words but she basically put it in terms
of haha I gotcha
that's that ha ha i stain you that's why
they did it because it feels just
personal and emotional and completely
irrational now I get that they think
it's going to work maybe for elections
but that would be dumb because I think
they should have been able to predict
that it would help his fundraising it
would galvanize his base exactly what
happened it's the same thing that
happened to Bernie Sanders his
fundraising went through the roof when
Sanders wouldn't Warren attacked him so
was Pelosi not wise enough to know that
this would work in the president's favor
when there's a pretty good track record
to suggest especially with Bill Clinton
to suggest it probably would so if it
wasn't to remove him from office and it
wasn't even to hurt him in the election
really unless you make the case that
it's all about getting Democratic
senators elected the next time they have
a chance to do that it just looks like
it was emotional it looked like it was
an emotional impeachment so I've joked
that so far the impeachment trial looks
like a combination of three movies did
you see the little impeachment parade
okay I watched the impeachment parade
live because I thought it would be
hilarious it was a little funnier than I
had hoped because they were all trying
to act serious and somber after they'd
all been yucking it up when with Nancy
handing out the twenty ceremonial pens
that they're trying not to look like
they're happy about the day so they're
doing the somber March mm-hmm we are
sombering it is a solemn day
let us solemnly march with our little
black suits and Nancy's pink but we're
wearing our little black suits
and it looked like there were three
movies that had been put together as a
trilogy the first movie if you've ever
seen march of the Penguins it looked
like a bunch of penguins right you know
yet Nadler there the monarch penguin but
they all sort of had these black suits
and they all were like walking down not
talking so you got march of the Penguins
then of course the trial is just going
to be dumb and Dumberer I don't know how
it could go any other way it's going to
be dumb and Dumberer you know you don't
have to wait for the details that's what
it's going to be and in the end we know
how it ends
Titanic it's a three movie trilogy march
of the Penguins Dumb and Dumber and
Titanic that's the whole impeachment
trial boo do you want to know how the
impeachment should go well let me tell
you I tweeted this out and you know
people keep accusing me of course of
always supporting the president and his
team and everything but I've said over
and over that I think the Republicans
have totally botched their defense of
the president in terms of the sole
Ukrainian thing and the quid pro quo and
all that here's why it's botched and
they and the Senate has as a chance to
make good on this so here's here's what
I tweeted in terms of how the Senate
should handle the impeachment trial two
steps step number one ask both the
Democrats they're their top lawyer which
lawyer wasn't Feldman one of the one of
the Democrats lawyers admitted in the
last round of impeachment hearings he
admitted that there was a legitimate
reason to look into buries MA and the
Biden's so question number one you asked
you asked a Democrat lawyer and then you
asked a Republican lawyer doesn't matter
who thoroughly could be you know
Dershowitz and you say
based on what we know was there a
legitimate US national interest in
understanding what was going on with
Purisima and the Biden's now the answer
is going to be yes because both the
Democrats are the Republic the Republic
ins are going to say yeah kind of had to
look into that step to vote just vote
because that's the only thing that
matters the the Democrats have correctly
completely bamboozled and owned the
Republicans by making them talk about
the topic of whether it was for the
president's own self-interest it's not
relevant it's not and in this in every
moment that the Republicans argued that
it you know argued the case of was it a
quid pro quo any of those details about
who said what who wrote what who was in
the meeting as soon as the Republicans
engage in any of that they've lost
because most of the trick from the
Democrats is to get them to engage in
all the details because the more you're
thinking about the details the more
you're thinking about impeachment and
the more it's bad for the president it
just gets you in that my god there's all
this stuff why are we talking about it
it must be important because we're
talking about complete mistake total
mistake even the house should have done
the same thing we've got one question
was it legitimate for the United States
to look into this verismo Biden
situation the answer is yes Democrats
will say yes Republicans will say yes
that's the end it doesn't matter if it's
also good for the president's
re-election it doesn't matter completely
irrelevant the Senate should say this is
a big complicated thing but it comes
down to one question was there a u.s.
legitimate interest yes say Democrats
yes say Republicans bipartisan let's
vote
if they have witnesses well the only the
only reason to have witnesses is if they
already know what Bolton and anybody
else is going to say and that it doesn't
add anything to it and what they'd
really love is to bring hunter Biden in
now the Democrats are arguing that
bringing hunter Biden in doesn't make
sense because he's not a fact witness
meaning he's not a direct witness to any
of the conversations between Ukraine and
the president and the president and his
staff he's outside of that circle so
therefore he's irrelevant wrong
completely wrong why because there's
only one question the one question that
matters did the United States have a
legitimate reason to look into buries
and the Biden's how do you know the
answer to that question without talking
to hunter Biden and saying we got a few
questions for you
you know might not answer all of our
questions but we'll at least find out if
there's something that was sketchy
enough that the president had a
legitimate reason to look into it could
be there's nothing there I mean nothing
beyond the the obvious sois penis that
we see so that's the way should go
there's this other sub story about
Giuliani telling love love as was I
guess some loose associate who was
helping over in Ukraine and apparently
there's a distinction that the Democrats
are trying to make between Giuliani
working for the government you know
doing the doing what's good for the
United States versus was doing what's
good only for Trump's reelection in
other words only something that's
personally good for him and Giuliani
apparently was telling people including
Lev Parnassus that he represented to be
very clear that he represents the the
president not the government
so he's the president's personal
attorney not the government how should
you interpret that well one way to
interpret is oh that's proof it's proof
it wasn't for the country
it's proof it was just for Trump's own
good reelection no that's only one way
to interpret it here's the other way to
interpret it Giuliani did not have
official government let's say portfolio
he was not appointed he was not elected
he had not registered as some kind of a
lobbyist I'm sure from a legal
perspective if you're a lawyer wouldn't
you like to make you clear to everybody
that you're not officially working for
the US government probably it probably
has some specific legal importance that
he needed to say no I'm not an official
emissary from the government because I
would imagine that would put him under
some different legal constraints but
here's the thing if Giuliani says I
represent Trump can you separate that
from Trump's job and the answer is you
can't
I've had lawyers lots of lawyers in fact
I fired one of my lawyers last week I
got lots of lawyers for different phases
of my business you know there's the
contract lawyers there's other kinds of
lawyers and here's the thing do my
lawyers no matter what field they're
working in do my lawyers make a
distinction between me personally and me
the creator of Dilbert has a job and a
public figure the answer is no no they
don't because if they did I'd fire him
because I am a complete person who is me
personally and me my profession
yes separate that so what does it mean
to say that Giuliani is the president's
personal lawyer it doesn't mean he's not
concerned with the job of being
president of course he is because
otherwise you couldn't serve the the
client which is the person so I don't
know that that means anything the
Giuliani said he's personally
representing the president because you
can't really separate out the profession
from that it's not a thing
now here's the funniest part so
yesterday i hear i heard this story that
i didn't even understand and it didn't
make any sense i'm noticing my numbers
are way down today must be because the
impeachment sun or people watching the
impeachment live right now so this guy
love part as well we we got from the
documents that were produced that this
guy Robert Hyde who is a prominent Trump
donor so some rich Trump donor was
making in some messages the left part as
was suggesting that he had the Ukraine
ambassador Jovanovic under some kind of
surveillance and I saw this messages and
I thought what because when I read it I
have something on my lip when I read it
I did not get that out of it so a lot of
people were reading those messages and
they seem to be getting some kind of a
point out of it that I wasn't getting
when I read it and it took me a day to
figure out what even what they were
seeing and what they were seeing is that
it seemed to indicate that this rich
Trump donor robber hide somehow was
involved in direct monitoring or
investigating or like stalking this
ambassador in Ukraine when I read it I
just thought well that just sounds like
crazy talk so my impression was it looks
like crazy talk
I didn't think anything of it and I
didn't even know what other people were
seeing so he was asked by and this is
just this is just so funny this is my
favorite part of the day so he gets
interviewed by Rachel Maddow and if he
says no that text message you saw was
just this robbery
this hide guy uses drunk now Maddow
cleverly because she's very smart and
whether you like Rachel Maddow
not we'd all agree she's super smart so
she sees the flawed mess and she says
that hides texts which were sort of up
the same similar topic went on for
several days so the explanation that he
was drunk doesn't really fit with the
evidence and here's just the best thing
part ass quickly noted
he's drunk the whole time Parnassus
responded he wakes up at his drunk he
starts at six
I'd never seen him not drunk that's the
star witness the best evidence they've
ever had against this president is
somebody who'd starts drinking at 6:00
in the morning
oh can it be better than that it can't
be better than that I mean it really
can't be better than that so so not only
is Rachel Maddow interviewing the person
this left part ass who based on just a
little bit I've heard I thought was the
least credible person on the planet
Earth and I thought to myself you know
your whole case is built around this
left part ask I am from what I can tell
I mean I don't know him personally but
it feels like he might be the least
credible person I've ever heard in my
life but he's not the least credible
person you've ever heard of in your life
is the guy who was texting him drunk at
6:00 in the morning that guy was a
little less credible so if you look back
at the messages and you say to yourself
okay now let's put the drunk filter on
it do those look like drunk messages
yeah yeah they do
they look pretty drunk to me so there's
that
devyn newness getting a little heat
because I guess he had said that he
didn't know who left burn as was but
we have now learned that there was I
think one phone call that newness took
which he says he did not remember now if
you're Democrats how do you react to
that I uh liar
he's a liar because he said he didn't
know who this let live porn ask I was
but now we have proof that he had a
phone call with him liar
well that's what inexperienced people
say here's what experienced people say
they say exactly what Devon noonas said
he said I'm in Congress I'm paraphrasing
do you know how many people we meet and
talk to in an average day a lot how many
of them would he remember their names
and and have some lasting memory of 10
percent 20 percent of all the people he
meets how many does he actually remember
their names a year later no more than 10
percent so if you're an inexperienced
person or let's say an artist you might
say to yourself well if he talked to the
guy he obviously knows them if you've
done anything in your life that involves
meeting lots of people and this is my
life as well do you know how many people
I meet do you know how many people send
me a message
and I communicate with him today before
I got on here I communicated with maybe
12 people whose names I'd never seen
before that I actually directly had a
communication with now most of them
we're on LinkedIn people were messaging
me and I was just saying hey responding
to queries and questions and stuff so
now there are 12 people just this
morning just today in my life I'm just a
cartoonist but in my life twelve new
people entered my life every one of them
will remember that they communicated
with me because I'm the Dilbert guy
how many of them will I remember their
name if I saw it again and they say hey
do you remember we talked none probably
none I write I might remember the topic
but I'm not going in my brain in one of
their names so what are the odds that
Devin newness is telling the truth that
it was just one of many phone calls and
he doesn't remember it I'd say close to
100% right
he can't read minds you never know he
could be wrong but that's completely
credible completely credible so the
people who say that he should have
remembered or just an experienced
they're not they're not just wrong
they're probably just an experienced huh
all right so let's see what else we got
here hilariously on Jeopardy I think it
was yesterday one of the questions was
about Adam Schiff so Adam Schiff was the
answer to a Jeopardy question and none
of the contestants knew who he was so if
you ever wondered hey this is the rest
of the country paying attention like we
are there's most of you are probably
political junkies if you're if you're
watching this periscope and it's easy to
forget the rest of the country isn't
paying attention to any of this none of
it three very smart people on Jeopardy
didn't even know who this guy was when
they saw a picture of them now it's
extra funny to me because I've been a
Jeopardy answer maybe three or four
times and they always get it right so so
when the Jeopardy question / answer is
about me personally I think at least one
of the contestants has gotten it right
every time you know sometimes it's about
the Dilbert comic sometimes it's about
me so I think I'm three to one advantage
over Adam Schiff on the on the
all-important Jeopardy's jeopardy scale
so there was gigantic news yesterday I
mean really big news
about Trump signing phase one of the
China trade deal I mean that's big big
news so I want to read about it on the
CNN website but it didn't have anything
it's the biggest news and I looked at
the CNN you know website and I'm like
all right let's see what CNN says about
the China trade deal
crickets there was one tiny little
article over on the the non emphasized
part of the page about something bizarre
that happened during the signing there
was something weird happened and I think
it was just because Trump talked about
impeachment or something whatever it was
that's it that's like one of the biggest
stories of all time and it didn't even
make the front pages see you then
Gordon Chang who I quote lots less time
so he's an expert on all things in terms
of China and North Korea and other stuff
and basically oh oh this was CNN's
headline the the little squid they had
Trump strut China trade deal signing
takes us a real turn that's a there was
something surreal about the signing
itself
alright so Gordon Chang basically said
the deal is inadequate so fake deal
because China is not going to do
anything they say and that the part
about protecting intellectual property
is a totally fake because they still
have the ability to monitor and steal
anything in the country so anything that
has an electronic communication to it
they're going to pick up in the country
so it's easy for China to say oh yeah we
won't force you to turn over your
technology to us they don't need to
they'll just steal so they can actually
agree to it because they're not giving
anything up that will just steal it
anyway so Gordon Chang says it's a fake
deal basically I'm I don't want to I
shouldn't put words in his mouth but
certainly there's a deal with some
substantial holes in it
do I think that's true yes yes I do do
you know what's missing and they haven't
talked about fentanyl fentanyl is
missing so I'm not a fan of the China
deal because if fentanyl is not the
first thing that you deal you're not
dealing with the country you should be
doing any business with it all so we
just made a business deal with the
country that's knowingly killing tens of
thousands of Americans every year I
would call that a gigantic failure all
right so I'll put that in my in my
portfolio of criticisms of Trump so when
everybody says hey you keep agreeing
with them all the time put that in there
too
phase one trade deal I would call a
gigantic failure because they shouldn't
even be able to negotiate until they've
shut down the fentanyl dealers that
should be that should be a ticket to the
negotiations if that's in Phase two
really phase two you're gonna wait for
that or it's not even part of the deal
somebody said Trump did Trump talked
about it he mentioned two rests well
until the major I'll wait to see an
article on that oh so I'm being
corrected in the comments that he did
mention it but but I don't see it in the
news anywhere so I'll have to dig a
little deeper it's not in the headlines
yeah we mentioned it the ceremony but it
doesn't mean that they've actually done
it so here's the thing and I'll say this
a million times until this this message
is all you can think about unfenced '''l
there's one guy in China
who's the guy he's the main fentanyl
dealer there's probably slesin ones but
there's one who the who our government
we have his picture we have his name and
60 minutes actually found him and talked
to him he's not even hard to find he's a
public figure we know his name
we know his picture and we told China
this is a guy if you don't hear that
guy's in jail or or executed they're not
trying so anything else they do is just
BS all right so let me call me a giant
skeptic on the China deal
I say decouple let's decoupled all right
see what else we've got going on here
yeah so somebody's saying that in the
comments that number one guy needs to be
dealt with
I had one critic today on Twitter which
is strange usually they're more and he
tweeted back to me that I'm a dishonest
clown I'm a dishonest clown so I tweeted
back to him how long have you been
involved in the arts if you're new to
this you know that I mocked people for
being artists because artists do not
have a good view of the world
had he been an economist probably would
have given me some reasons for disagree
so I said to him Michael Grant who
called me a dishonest clown I said how
long have you been involved in the arts
and he responded back he's written a
hundred and fifty books over 40 years
and so I said good for you very
productive I no longer want to get into
debates with artists I'm just going to
note they're artists and then move on if
you haven't tried this you really need
to because somebody says you're an
artist let me give some context thank
you for asking first of all I'm not much
of an artist but it is true that I write
and I draw for a living in my book loser
think which I'm sure all of you have
ordered by now if you haven't already
read it I talked about how having
exposure to multiple fields gives you
more windows into every topic
so I'm an artist but I'm also I've got a
degree in economics I've got an MBA in
business and I've worked in corporate
areas and everything from marketing to
strategy to you name it so in my
particular case art is my job but my
actual experience is much broader than
that
yes that is what I wrote it in my book
it's called loser think I'll put it back
here so you can't you can't help but
look at it all right what else we got
here we got so do you know the the
musical what do you call a musical
artist Akon akom those of you who are
not up on your music he's one of the
most successful artists in the world and
I think he came from Senegal or that's
that's where his family roots are I
can't remember in Africa but he's
building his own city there so Akon
decided to build his own city in Senegal
and he's they're gonna have their own
cryptocurrency and I love this I
absolutely love this now I don't I'm not
going to say that Akon is going to build
the best city what I love is that he's
trying and he even says the same thing
what's the point of having a billion
dollars if you're not going to go fix
stuff I'm a big fan all right I mean I
was a fan of his music but when you see
an artist of this stature say what's the
point of having a billion dollars if
you're not you know trying to fix the
world and then he goes out and he tries
to build a city in Senegal I don't even
care if it works I love what this guy is
doing for for the world for the way we
think you know the way we I just love
that he's a/b testing you know I'm sure
he wants this to be the thing that works
but whether it works or not we're gonna
learn something and maybe the the city
after that or in the city after that is
a good one but good going hey God I like
to think that
in some ways I would be surprised if
Kanye is not somehow an influence on
this directly or indirectly because you
know Kanye's trying also separately to
design and build lower-cost
structures for people to live in which
is good stuff all right
I told you one of the tricks that CNN
uses with its opinion pieces is that
they will they'll make a claim about
usually Trump how bad he is and then you
know then you have to read way way way
down the article to see why they say it
so what you know why are you saying that
and there was just this best example one
of their usual pundits who just writes
an anti Trump piece every day for their
website this is this is how he starts it
sorry this is on cnn.com President Trump
is not waiting to be acquitted of
impeachable crimes so first of all he
says that the crimes are impeachable
that's not true so the very first
sentence tries to get you to
uncritically accept that these are
impeachable crimes
well he wasn't peached but they are not
really impeachable crimes because we're
gonna find out that the Senate is gonna
throw it out so I suppose maybe
technically it's true but they're not
crimes
there's no crimes involved or even
alleged so a CNN in news site the very
first sentence accuses Donald Trump of
having impeachable crimes and yet their
own reporting has never suggested a
crime at least in terms of what's
impeachable and what's what's on the the
impeachable list and then it goes on to
show that no one can stop him doing what
he wants to do what
that's what Trump is doing he's trying
to show the world that no one can stop
him I don't
is that mind reading where do you get
that what factual basis do you have the
Trump is quote try to show that no one
can stop him doing what he wants to do
that's not an evidence there's no
evidence of that at all and he doesn't
even offer an argument he just says it
like it's a fact then he says no
Constitution Democratic House code of
accepted presidential behavior for an
Islamic rule of the baba baba baba is
going to rein him in so basically saying
nothing's gonna rein him in so the the
tenor of this is that he's going to
become a dictator because he's going to
get away with this impeachable stuff
that doesn't exist and then weigh down
the article I'm waiting for the actual
reasons because so far it's just a bunch
of insults and accusations that don't
match the facts but way down I'm waiting
for well there must be some reasons so
let's get to the reasons so after an
entire page of insults and you know
libelous claims such as crimes he hears
his reason a week after a showdown with
Iran I'm nearly erupted into a new war
the administration is still defying
congressional demands for more
information about the rationale for
killing Tehran Tehran's top General now
this entire story is based on CNN and
other people miss quoting the president
so when you finally get to a reason it's
not even a real one it's based on the
misquote because what the president said
was that he believes for embassies would
have been targeted they changed that
into he saw hehe he claimed he saw you
know Intel therefore specific embassies
were being targeted never said that he
stated his belief that for embassies
would be targeted he's right he's wrong
it doesn't matter it was a belief
CNN turned it into a statement of fact
that fact checked it turned it into a
statement that he was lying and then
turned it into more of an argument that
nothing will stop him and he's going to
only do undemocratic things things
before he becomes a second term dictator
this is so far from reasonable discourse
in Rolling Stone had an article by Matt
Taibbi who what did he call I want to
say exactly what he called CNN I forgot
to write down this quote but the so Matt
Taibbi just went after CNN especially
for that part where Abby Phillip treated
the difference the the disagreement
between Warren and Bernie as being
Warren Warren is true because it must be
true what Warren is saying because a CNN
has reported as fact
now as smart people have pointed out a
number of them you've seen a bunch of
people say this the reason that CNN
reported it as a fact well it had to be
one of two people told them because
there were only two people in the room
Bernie or Elizabeth Warren and then she
said and then and then I think it was
Abby Phillips said that Elizabeth Warren
confirmed was CNN reported know
obviously Elizabeth Warren or her people
are the people who told CNN in the first
place if if Warren confirmed it there's
no confirmation it's still the same
source it's one source said something
that the other source says didn't happen
that's it so for seeing them to treat it
like it's a fact because they got it
from Warren and then Warren said it was
true so was confirmed they turned one
fact into two facts
right in front of you there is they're
not even trying to hide it so as Tucker
Carlson pointed out and Matt Taibbi
pointed out in rolling stones stone cNN
has just stopped
they've stopped any pretense of not
being a political player any any thought
of being a news organization this is
sort of out the out the door and it's
amazing to watch because as I said
before the do MERS still think it's news
the do MERS watch MSNBC and they watch
CNN and they actually think they're
watching the news they're not it's not
the news anymore that's that's what it
used to be I would like to close by
saying have you ever tried to mail a
letter recently I so yesterday you know
I had these w-2s they come to me and
they come in these envelopes this size
and I needed to mail them out to my a
couple assistants and I thought to
myself how do you mail things it's been
so long since I put a stamp on an
envelope and mailed it that I was having
a little trouble remembering how to do
it so the first thing I needed to do is
get these things called stamps and I
thought I had some in a drawer you know
there's a little junk drawer in my
kitchen and I was sure I saw some stamps
in there some time ago so I looked
through the drawer and I looked again
because I knew there were stamps and I
couldn't find him so I looked again and
then I really looked I took each item
out and really looked and the stamps
were not in the drawer now all of the
men watching this know what happened
next I don't even have to say the next
part do I so finally after several times
of looking through this one drawer I
didn't look at anything anywhere else
because I do it was in the drawer looked
and looked couldn't find it I went to
Christina and I said can you help me
find the stamps I think they're in this
drawer
but I can't find them so she said sure
but I think we said it wouldn't I was in
the car and we didn't write it down to
remind ourselves and forgot and I
thought about it again but she was busy
I thought about it again but she was out
of the house I thought about it again
but I was busy it took me one week to
find a time when Christine and I were
both available at the same time and in
my kitchen so that she could open the
drawer and do this here you go
here are your stamps that are right here
here you go now you already knew that's
what was gonna happen right it's a basic
male female difference when I look in
the drawer I just see noise and it's
really hard for me to pick out an item
when she looks in the drawer she sees
all the items like I don't know how it's
just some kind of male female difference
I guess she sees them all so she says oh
here's your stamps I spent probably 30
minutes total on different occasions
looking through that drawer without
finding those stamps so now I've got my
stamps and I thought to myself how do
you know how many stamps to put it on a
letter because it's it's not a regular
sized letter so I've got to go to the
website for the USPS comm and I'm
looking for the information on like how
much postage to put on it and luckily
I've got a postal scale behind me so I
take out my postal scale I go to the
website and there's no example of this
envelope you know you have to sort of
guess well it might be sort of this
thing or that thing but not really a
direct answer so I'm sort of guessing so
then I use my scale and the battery's
dead so now I've got to go find a
battery to put in my scale so I can
weigh my envelope so I can look on the
website to figure out what the postage
is get my stamps put it on the letter
okay now I finally figure out roughly
what the postage would be but I figure
I'll
because I don't wanted to go light so I
take my stamps and there are these
forever stamps and I look at them and I
go what's a forever stamp I mean I think
I know but I'm not positive I know
there's a forever stamp work for any
kind of humble is it a specific value or
does it say that anything that this kind
of envelope will always be this so after
google what's a forever stamp but I
don't have enough forever stamps I've
got some other stamps with a value on
them so I'm looking at these I'm like I
just put too much on it so I just over
postage that and now I've got to take
them somewhere and I'm like well I could
put them in the mailbox and put the
thing up but sometimes they don't take
it so I ended up driving to the UPS
Store because I had another package I
had to drop off anyway and I think
altogether I spend a half a day trying
to put stamps on an envelope and mail it
and I thought to myself no I did not
lick the stamps they were they were self
licking stamps man we got to get rid of
the post office let me ask you this if
listen let's say if amazon.com offer to
buy the post office and privatize it
would you be ok with that
I would because that post office should
be taking the mail that I get scanning
it and emailing it to me period
I should never get a piece of mail let
me tell you my other mail problem so
several years ago I created a rule where
no US mail can enter my house it can
only enter the garage because the
garbage is out there so I always sort my
mail in the garage because if it gets in
the house it becomes a big pile of
garbage in your house and almost all of
the u.s. mail is garbage almost all of
it
so I sorted in my garage so that it
can't get in my house but my mailman
keeps Thornton
because he'll if he has a package he'll
bring it to my door and then to do me a
favor he brings the mail also to the
door and like mailman I love my mailman
he's a great guy but I don't like mail
in my house can you bring it to my
garage there should never be mail in my
house all right that's nothing that I
will talk to you all later