bubble pop bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
pom pom pom pom pom hey everybody come
on in gather around I've got some extra
chairs over here somebody can sit in the
back
dogbert will move but before you sit
down make sure you have this secret
elixir doesn't matter which elixir you
have could be coffee could be tea could
be a cold beverage could be ordinary
water which I call the tears of your
enemies but whatever you have it's gonna
taste extra good because of the magic
that I call the simultaneous sip by now
you've all scurried to grab your cups
your mugs your thinking my god my god
I've got to get it in time this time
this time I'll finally make it in time
for the simultaneous sip well this is
your day here it comes
that is some good simultaneous sevens
all right
first topic of the day we're seeing
quite a lot of press on the question of
how we're treating each other about
civil discourse and how our politics has
made mostly people on the Left so
agitated that they're suggesting
physical acts now a physical act could
be you know protested in the streets
could be snatching the make America
great again hat off of somebody in a
burger joint
it could be crowding around somebody and
shouting them down into public
restaurant etc and certainly there are
people who are directly calling for
violence or speaking in violent terms
now the conversation about this is
completely completely on the wrong topic
the topic is not and should not be civil
discourse
what is polite what is appropriate if
you're talking about that you're missing
the entire story and you're probably
thinking to yourself what are you
talking about that's pretty important
civil discourse I'm in favor of civil
discourse unless the Nazis are really
taking over in Anna's situation in which
the actual Nazis are actually taking
over the country I'm not signing up for
any civil discourse so the the problem
that we're having right now is not that
people are being impolite if you think
that's the problem you're missing the
big problem the big problem is that
people think they're living in a country
where actual Nazis are taking over they
believe it to be true now if it were
true then everything that they suggest
which is aggressive and and even
downright violent would be completely
called for so if you're saying that
isn't called for you're on the wrong
conversation if you say these people
should act more polite you're in the
wrong conversation that conversation
doesn't happen or shouldn't happen or is
completely irrelevant because the
problem is their actual belief it's not
their behavior because the behavior just
follows the belief right the behavior is
the outcome of the problem the problem
is that they literally literally believe
that they're in a dangerous immediate
threat situation and when I say
immediate I mean they're their bodies
are actually this is the anti-trump errs
primarily they're in a continuous
apparently fight-or-flight situations
like they feel that at any moment
things are things are going to turn
violent and a dictatorship will break
out and and all that so when when the
press is covering this it's you know of
course they have to cover if somebody
does something violent or threatens
there was a story Alan Dershowitz
apparently heard that some host of a
party I think it was Martha's Vineyard
said that if Alan Dershowitz came to her
party she would quote stab him through
the heart now I don't believe that she
meant that literally I don't believe she
would actually pick up a knife and stab
him through the heart so we can't get
too carried away with hyperbole but it
is true that that type of thinking
starts putting people into a hey I guess
it's okay to talk like this because I
hear everybody doing it so as soon as
you hear everybody doing it you can
worsen the situation until something bad
happens so the talking about it does
make a difference the actions do make a
difference but the big story is that
they're acting on a belief that is is
pretty wacko so the big challenge is how
do you how do you get people out of that
belief and the only way is through
actions which violate it so in other
words you have to have enough character
or examples to whatever it is that
they're hallucinating that they can't
hold the hallucination anymore or that
talking about their hallucination in
public would make them feel stupid
because other people you know know that
it's it's been debunked already so
getting there is is a is a problem and
part of the problem is that the the
model of the news industry is that you
know violence and conflict are better
news and people getting along so we all
have we all have this you know this
heightened sense of how bad things are
because we see the examples of the bad
stuff over and over again so there's
this tiny little bit of bad B
a viewer going on in the country really
very tiny bit which is all we see so
we're completely focused on the tiny bit
of bad news so what can you do about
that
well let me throw out some ideas one you
could create a let's say a meme which
was nothing but Trump supporters doing
things that clearly are not racist and
not dangerous and and nothing else I
mean you'd have to make it entertaining
enough that people want to watch it you
want a short but entertaining and and
just put that out
I got a block block the trouble and just
put that out to give people counter
examples now I saw on Twitter and I just
retweeted it so let me read the actual
tweet from someone who is a a MacArthur
Genius
so this tweet is from a woman who's
literally a MacArthur Genius
you know recognized as an actual genius
which is important somebody named
Stephanie mickus she's got a blue check
and she said I effing hate this
president and I don't feel even remotely
safe around him or his supporters most
women I know feel this way too and it's
real and it's affecting us so the part
that is real I'll take her editor in her
word is how they feel so the part that's
real is certainly how they feel because
I doubt you just make this up right
doesn't mean that everybody feels this
way but people she knows actually feel
that they're not safe that they're not
safe around Trump supporters now in your
world can you imagine any safer place
for a woman to be that a
have a Trump rally have you ever heard
of a you know a woman getting hurt at a
trump rally unless I suppose if the
woman was causing trouble herself you
know there might be something but it but
a woman who was just minding her own
business what are the odds that that you
would be you know in danger at a trump
rally because the the men at a trump
rally would make short work of anybody
who cause trouble in fact the most
dangerous thing you could be is a me-too
person at a trump rally that the the
meet the you know the the violator would
be the most in the most danger so that
that's my view of the world you know my
view of Republicans are the sort of
protecting class especially if you're
Americans you know that obviously you
know they have a preference for
Americans which is a separate topic than
what she's talking about
so somehow this this artificial danger
that people feel and and the feelings
are real you have to you have to treat
the feelings as if they're reality
because that's that is their reality how
they feel is the reality and it's not
good enough to say well you got the
facts wrong or you're being such a
snowflake or our policies are good
there's almost nothing that is the right
answer unless you're actually going
directly toward what made them feel that
way and what could you do that would be
visual and and violate you know violate
that belief so let's be thinking about
that what would be the way to not do
that now let me tell you one of my
methods I've been a be testing on
Twitter and I'd like to recommend it
okay oh yeah I meant I referred to the
zombie apocalypse and the title of my
periscope here
and it's sort of the way I'm starting to
feel in you know and uh just sort of a a
fun fun is the wrong word but yeah it
feels like a zombie apocalypse because
the folks who are so angry are not
dealing with anything that from my movie
looks like thinking so it looks like a
mindless mob who are coming for the
people on the other side so you know in
my my framing of things that doesn't
mean that they're crazy and and the
other people are awesome so I'm not
talking about good or bad I'm talking
about two different movies and one movie
people are just trying to help the
country and do the best they can and you
know you know didn't do what's right but
the other side the zombie apocalypse
people think that these guys are Nazis
and I'm not saying there aren't a few
Nazis in the group but of course you
know everybody gets defined by their
worst elements you know so so you know
it's easy for the people on the right to
think that the people on the left are
all anti-shah people and you know think
the rest of them are waste supremacist
or something so we defined each other by
our worst most extreme members but it
feels like a zombie apocalypse doesn't
it because they're coming for us it
feels like and yet there's no sense of
reason you couldn't be able to reason
with it but let's talk about some ways
to deal with that that do not require a
reason because reason is an empty weapon
alright you can't kill the you can't
kill the zombie with the reason you
can't stop the zombie and say hey a
zombie hold hold on hold on I know you
want to eat my brains
I know that I get it I get it that you
want to eat my brains but look
won't turn out well for you you know I
have I have this flamethrower right here
so maybe you should just logically go
eat something else because I got the
flamethrower right here I'm going to
turn you into an ember and the zombie
goes and then you have to kill it with
the flamethrower so what's better than
that all right so the flamethrower is
sort of last resort we don't want to get
to flamethrower you know we want to
figure out how to make the zombies maybe
change direction you know there there's
a thought among people who try to stop
stalkers from stalking there you can
never stop a stalker from stalking
because it's just too deeply embedded in
who they are but you can make them stalk
somebody else by making it harder to
stalk you know your client so it might
be that all of this anger just needs to
go somewhere well you can't get rid of
it it may not be something you can
dissipate you might just need to
redirect it at the moment the United
States
weirdly doesn't have a common enemy
think about that just think about that
thought the United States doesn't really
have much of an enemy anymore there
there's nobody who's an organizing
principle who would say you know there's
there's no outside threat that's so big
at the moment that the people in the
United States would say now let's just
stop fighting with each other we've got
to deal with this outside threat now you
probably don't want an outside threat so
you don't want to create one yeah all of
our all of our smaller threats are
really they're sort of conceptual like
China wants to dominate in the next 100
years but things are going okay now and
and Isis is a of course a problem but
they haven't done much lately it doesn't
feel like an existential threat today
thankfully so we've got this gigantic
weaponized zombie apocalypse with all
this energy and reason isn't going to
change them
and there is no external threat big
enough to unify the country for the
external threat so what do you do I
don't know the answer but I think you
have to a B test your way through it
I made one suggestion of showing Trump
supporters just doing things that Trump
supporters aren't supposed to be doing
simply showing Trump supporters as nice
people is a big deal I understand that
one of the Supreme Court nominees
Amy Kony Barrett was that earning she's
got seven kids and two of them are
adopted from Haiti let's see more of
that let's see more of the you know Amy
Barrett's with the kids adopted from
Haiti there there must be yeah there
must be millions literally tens of
millions of examples of Trump supporters
acting like normal people and not like
the monsters that they imagined but let
me tell you my little trick some of you
have seen me do it on Twitter and it
goes like this I had the I had the
sudden realization after being called
the Nazi you know nine hundred thousand
times yeah
half of the people on here have been
called the Nazi in the past year or two
so I get it more than most because if
you talk about the president's
persuasion game people come on and call
you a Nazi and in that word or different
and here's the thing about calling
somebody a Nazi and it took me a while
to realize this whoever says Nazi first
wins that's it that's the realization
whoever says Nazi first wins on social
media and here's why because the other
person is defending why they're not a
Nazi the game is over before it starts
if you're defending why you're not such
a big Nazi there's no there's no path to
victory either the best you can do is be
a Nazi who did a bad job of explaining
that you're not a Nazi the moment you're
labeled the game is already over
so who so what I've been doing on
Twitter is that whenever anybody comes
after me personally and here's the trick
if they come after my ideas I deal with
them fairly about the ideas I might have
some sarcasm or something but basically
I'm dealing with the idea not the person
if they come after me or any group that
they think I'm associated with as people
if they come after me as people like as
a person something's wrong with my brain
something's wrong with my character you
know anything like that
I say immediately I block all Nazis
goodbye and then I block them so I go
nazi immediately as soon as it's
personal because when it's personal you
have an argument that that going after
somebody's politics or their opinion
fair game you can go after my opinions
all day long I might even enjoy it
I might even change my mind but if you
go after anything about my character now
anything personal or even if you malign
a group which you believe I'm part of
whether that group is you know white
males or or Trump supporters or any kind
of group as soon as you're demeaning a
group or a person as a person you're
close enough to Nazi ideology that I go
Nazi first immediate Nazi so if they say
at first then I just block them well
sometimes I actually call that my Nazi
wall blocking them so if somebody says
hey you're your Joseph Goebbels today
I'll say I block all Nazis Boop goodbye
and what would you feel like if your
other on the other end of being blocked
as a Nazi just think about it just just
put your mind in the head of the person
who just got blocked for one comment one
interaction got called the Nazi and was
immediately blocked and it was for a
good reason
the good reason is you came
after me personally nothing to it right
now here's here's why I think this was
worth a be testing number one it will
apply to just about every single person
on social media on the left because
almost everybody on social media on the
left who's active you know not not the
casual lurkers but the people who are
active you know they're interacting
they're they're saying stuff they
they're all going to cross that line
eventually and by the way the people on
the right cross that line all the time
alright so I'm not saying that the left
are the people who are making personal
insults or generalizations and the right
is not it's it's bad everywhere right
I'm not even sure it's I wouldn't even
go so far as to say it's worse on the
left than it is the right I have no
reason to to be able to measure that one
way or another it's just terrible on
both sides but as long as the right has
the power and this is key and they get
personal they are monsters make sure you
hear this correctly if you don't have
power and you're attacking people their
personality is etc you're annoying but
you're not a monster you're just like oh
god another person calling me names but
if you have the power your parties and
power and you call somebody something
personal you're a frickin monster
don't lose that distinction before Trump
got elected but most of the people on
here are Trump supporters I'm guessing
you were the underdogs the underdogs can
get away with a lot of stuff right
you can punch up all day long the
underdogs were after Hillary Clinton the
Clinton machine was running the country
so you could be as bad as you
wanted and I don't recommend being bad
but you could be bad and the other side
would just say yeah those people being
bad again yeah but the moment you're in
power you can't do that you can't
do that so if you are if you would like
the situation in the country to change
there is an easy mechanism to do that
it's easy to do individually it's hard
to get everybody to do it but
individually you could just stop going
after people personally and stop
maligning groups as groups as in they're
all snowflakes
that's how liberals think or well you're
all socialists you're all Anti Fog
whatever that just stop doing that stuff
just go after the point go after the the
rules but understand that the underdogs
are still going to be coming after you
personally however you can block them
the first time it happens you never give
them two chances just say I block all
Nazis goodbye and keep it simple just
say I block all Nazis goodbye and then
you block them eventually you would
block you know most of the bad people on
the left and you would just stop seeing
it so I've been blocking aggressively
for the last few weeks and what happened
was the amount of hatred that I was
exposed to when from this big - you know
something more like this it's still
pretty big but you know it's probably
down by 75% and it's not because people
are less angry or less inclined to do it
I just blocked them so instead of seeing
five insults where I try to insult them
back and be clever and engage them or
make my point or anything like that I
can reduce it by 80 percent just by
blocking it on the first one and not
hearing the next four insults so if you
want to get to a better place
just remember that the Republicans are
in power
and just get off of the the personal
personal insult game now you're saying
to yourself but what about our president
who's personally insulting people five
times a day that's his job and he's not
he's not insulting random people he's
insulting his political opponents
they're in that contest for them it's
fine
for them it's exactly how they should be
playing this game for us you know where
were the spectators you know if you're
watching a football game and the you
know the people in the game are hitting
each other hard that doesn't give you
the right to hit the person in the
stands next to you really hard because
that you saw a good role model bound in
the field you're the spectators so let
let trump be as aggressive as he likes
that's why you hired him you know you
you hire your lawyer to do Lorien for
you you don't hire your lawyer to do
lawyering for you and then go do the
Lori lawyer ring for the lawyer you know
you hire them to do that or her to do
that all right
that's a weird analogy so try that so I
recommend in the in the spirit of a be
testing try my technique of the very
first moment you see a personal assault
or a group condemnation that you you
call them and not see and block it don't
give any more reason just say you block
all Nazis goodbye and first of all know
how you feel when you do it the first
time I started doing this my initial
reaction was oh I really want to engage
with this person more I really want to
use my great arguments and my persuasion
and my my superior knowledge of the
facts to make an idiot out of them
online because I'll show them but that
never was satisfying no matter how many
times I tried to do that and even felt
that I succeeded you know I would think
man
showed them loo this it's a public
record the entire world can see that I
have now bested this this evil troll and
that record will be there forever to
their shame but then you watch the troll
and they'll be like well I guess you you
know I guess you're backpedaling now
you'll be like what what backpedaling
and then they'll mischaracterize you and
call you a Nazi again and you can never
win so there's no winning by engaging
but I did learn that each and every time
I block them with my little I block
Nazis goodbye I block all Nazis then I
actually get a little a little boost up
because I know I won how do I know I
want because I went Nazi first whoever
goes Nazi first wins and then I also
closed down the conversation and I also
turned a mirror on the person so that
they can see in the mirror oh not all of
them are gonna recognize it but they're
gonna say okay what was it that I just
did that was so bad that got me blocked
on the first try
oh I got personal so I always feel like
that's a complete victory and you'll
feel good if you do it is this a reverse
Godwin's law well not exactly but I see
what you're saying now let's talk about
little Rocket Man and the news is that
Pompeo brought with him a signed by the
president Elton John CD of the song
Rocket Man because allegedly the
president asked kim jeong-hoon if he had
ever heard it and he said he hadn't and
so he sent it to him now I don't know
but this might be one of the most clever
things anybody ever did in you know in
the history of diplomacy because
remember I said that when President
Trump called him Rocket Man
that that probably took the man of a end
of the headspace of you know ego and you
know I'm gonna crush you and it's all
war into a headspace of okay this is
kind of funny you know you insulted me I
insulted you let's have a good laugh
let's have a beer
and you're starting to see that come
through in this that that this gesture
is clearly trying to soft and the the
Rocketman joke at two you know he's not
walking away from it the president isn't
because that would be sort of the old
way to do it's like I walk that back
instead he's just saying all right you
know I know you you know me this isn't
gonna be a problem let me tell you where
this came from just so you you know you
understand that you might even like the
song and by the way the Rocket Man song
is is not insulting to the star of the
song you know the Rocket Man in the song
is a heroic character who just happens
to be on the space and may not be able
to get back just someone who loves his
family so in terms of a feeling and by
the way here's the best part which you
won't hear anywhere else
have you heard of the book pre suasion
so I've got it out of my bookshelf up
there somewhere I think so pre suasion
is where you just sort of set an
attitude for something that could be in
a totally different topic before you
talk about the thing you want to pre
persuade somebody into what is the song
Rocket Man make you feel anybody anybody
tell me what the song Rocket Man makes
you feel sad isolation lonely lonely
isolated
yeah mostly lonely mostly alone
Rocketman
is all the way out in space with no
friends completely lonely and isolated
but but President Trump is offering to
be his friend
under the right conditions yeah the
conditions have to be met
denuclearization for example now notice
also that NBC reported and you know the
alleged Intel sources were saying that
kim jungeun was you know clearly
cheating on his agreement to make fewer
missiles and denuclearize and he was
building facilities and stuff like that
do you think that's true well it might
be he might he might be saying well
we're in negotiations the best thing I
can do is to keep building because then
I have something to negotiate away you
know it's more of a more of a visual
anchor that says yeah I really am
building these missiles you know watch
me do it you can see it from space and
so you know that gives me a stronger
negotiating position it doesn't really
tell you that they plan to never comply
it doesn't tell you that it tells you
that they might you know want some
negotiating leverage so notice how the
president and Pompeyo are are very
gently approaching this and when was the
last time you saw a president Trump
approach anything gently it's rare right
he wouldn't do it unless he had a pretty
good reason now it's also instructive to
watch that President Trump can do things
with subtlety when it when it matters
when it doesn't matter there's no
subtlety at all but when it does
apparently he can he can do that and
this is
a good example of that subtlety so
here's my take
I don't see any signs from the people
who actually know what's going on the
president
Pompeyo I don't see signs from them
where they are ratcheting up the
rhetoric you might expect them to
ratchet up the rhetoric if they had also
confirmed that North Korea is not
playing with them honestly so either
they can't determine that that's the
case or they've decided that ignoring it
is the better strategy because if he's
if Kim is doing it primarily for
negotiating leverage which they might
now they might probably not but they
might then there would be no reason for
them to ramp up their own rhetoric
because that could make things worse but
it probably couldn't make things better
does Kim get a pass for anything he's
done in his country to his own citizens
well this is the tricky part and the
part where I wonder if Kim's generals
are on board with whatever Kim is doing
because it would be easy to imagine some
kind of a agreement in which the Kim
family is absolved from any historical
accusations you know real real or not
real you can imagine them working on a
deal where they are not targets of any
future on a revenge I guess or legal
process but would that extend to his
generals and if it extended to the
generals would it extend to all of them
and would it extend to the majors you
know how far would that go because
there's probably a lot of you know
behavior that needs to be addressed in
general so it's possible that the
generals or the military are seeing that
they would be thrown under the bus even
if Kim came down okay so there may be a
part of this negotiation which is really
tricky which is how do you get the
people who have the power but are
feel like giving it up would be the end
of their lives how do you get them to
believe that that they have a better
path so that might be part of the
diplomatic dance right now we'll see
would they let it go this far
they might
alright I think that's all I got from
today and remember to mind your manners
on Twitter you're the party in power
times start acting like it
maybe maybe you stay that way I'll talk
to you later