mmm-hmm
bump bump bump ohm hey Janice hey Tyler
hey Joanne Herbert come on in here those
who come in early get their names spoken
out loud hey Kevin Kyle Angela come on
in here you know what it's time for yes
you do it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams and you know what that means it
means the simultaneous sip some of you
are already ready you have your beverage
you've got your cup your mug your vessel
your glass filled with a liquid of your
choice coffee preferred and it's time
for the simultaneous sip join me oh yeah
oh yeah that's an extra-good
simultaneous sip possibly one of the
best yet so we have lots of news but
also no news so there's lots to talk
about about this one thing Kavanaugh in
a couple of miscellaneous miscellaneous
stories but am I wrong that the news
suddenly stopped this is one of those
moments where you can understand reality
a little bit better who are the entities
that create news and you say yourself
nobody creates the news the news happens
and then people report on it oh really
no that's not the world you live in you
think you will live in a world where
stuff happens and then there are
organizations that report on it no it's
closer to this stuff is happening all
the time and the people report on news
ignore 99.9% of it and then they pick
this little slice out of all this stuff
that's happening and they say this part
just a little
piece over here of all the stuff that's
happening that's something we're gonna
call news they don't report on what's
happening
they couldn't it's way too big so they
choose what they report so who creates
news are the people report it they
essentially make it news by the
decisions of what to talk about and what
not to there's another entity that makes
news he's called the President of the
United States and when the president
decides to make some news he tweets he
makes a statement he fires somebody he
makes a change he times these things to
make them the best possible news so you
have to news creators you've got the the
media and then you've got the president
largely you know other people can play
in this game but largely they're the two
what does it tell you
that there's no other news than the
Cavanaugh thing it tells you that the
people who make news are choosing not to
make any more right now because they
think this story is a good story for
whatever reasons they have for deciding
what is their story but it also tells
you that the president likes this story
too so it's a very interesting case
because usually one side to the other
wants to flood the field with their own
brand of news is the President or the
news organizations to control the
narrative but there's something weird
about this Cavanaugh situation in which
both sides are happy with this being the
only news for a while which means that
both sides think it's working for them
and against the other side and it's hard
to do it's hard to know who's right at
this point because you can imagine you
can imagine two versions one is you know
on the left they're thinking man we've
almost stopped this nomination this is
big it's our most important thing
it's the only thing we want to focus on
if we could just stop this nomination
maybe we get our own judges in here it
would change everything and on the
president side he may or may not be
thinking I'm not a mind-reader but we
can imagine him thinking some version of
the left is self-immolating they've gone
so far off the let's say the acceptable
path for civilization that they're just
destroying themselves and it's good to
let it play out who's right hard to know
hard to know I would say that if
Cavanaugh gets gets approved and he gets
on the court then you could probably say
the president was right because he got
his way but if it goes the other way
mm-hmm you got to reassess let's talk
about several stories in the news one is
Trump gave his speech at the UN and
there was laughter and now of course the
universe is split into two realities in
which there are two completely different
versions of what happened and you're
probably all thinking every one of you
woke up this morning thinking but what
does Scott think about this because he's
a professional humorist and the question
in the news is what were people laughing
at President Trump when he said that he
had done more than any other president
and and thought that was ridiculous or
with were they laughing sort of with him
in some fashion here is my judgment
I have stud I've stood I have stud I
have stood in front of many large crowds
in which I tried to get laughs so I have
a little bit of a sense of what happens
in that dynamic plus some of
professional humorist so here's my take
was he being laughed at or were they
laughing because of the sort of the
humorous boldness of his claim that that
nobody gets up in front of you and says
I've done more than any other
president it just sounds funny for it's
sort of boldness I guess yeah justjust
this is kind of a ballsy thing to say
and the answer is both
both what he said was very unexpected
meaning it was a bolder kind of acclaim
and and such a big claim that people had
a reaction to it because it didn't fit
that's what that's what triggers a laugh
a laugh is a reaction to two things that
don't fit so here he was standing in
front of the world and suddenly he makes
this claim that to everyone in the
audience sounded like a really big claim
it didn't really you know wasn't
supported by any facts or anything so it
was both there were people who are
laughing because they thought well
that's ridiculous to make that claim and
there are other people who like him who
are laughing because they thought well
it may or may not be true but it's funny
that he was saying it so it's both there
was no winner in that with that one
all right let's talk about I think NBC
News was tweeting that Christine Ford
has three people or four people who are
quote corroborating her story quote
corroborating now the lawyers are
jumping in and saying wait a minute
they're not corroborating her story
they are simply corroborating that she
told them her story so now the the two
worlds have separated into there's no
corroboration you're crazy and then the
other half saying yes there is
corroboration but its corroboration that
she's had the same story for years and I
would say that that is corroborated so
if you were trying to figure out what
are all the options of what's happening
here remember one of the options was
that she just made it up recently to
derail the nomination but I think the
corroboration as it's being called is
just corroborating that she's told the
story before and she's told a years
before the nomination
and so it's not a a brand new allegation
it has some length so I would say my
ruling is that she has corroborated that
she's told the started before the or at
least there's corroborating evidence
that she told the story from before but
that is very different from the story
itself being corroborated completely
different issues so it's both
corroborating and non corroborating
simultaneously it doesn't cooperate that
the event happened
it does corroborate that she talked
about the event before before this year
but you notice that the people who are
thinking of it as the big corroboration
meaning corroborating that the event
happened the way she told it it's very
similar to the steeled dossier isn't it
because the steal dossier was leaked to
the press and then they used the press
reports to say that the dossier was
corroborated because look it's in the
dossier but it's also in the news
there's two sources but it really was
always just the dossier so you can't
corroborate something that way okay so I
watch an interest as the two biggest
stories of the day North Korea and
Cavanaugh I'd say those are the biggest
stories happening right now both of them
are suffering from the same analytical
problem which is that people are looking
for the story in the wrong place let me
give you an example in the Cavanaugh
story correct me if I'm wrong the story
the question is the big story in the
news is is Cavanaugh telling the truth
or is the accuser telling the truth
right that's that's the way the story
has been framed it's been a story of
who's telling the truth that is not the
story that's the way it's been framed
it's the way you're talking about it
it's way social media is lining up is it
true or is it false that is not the
story
here's why there's nothing that could
happen whether there's an FBI FBI
evaluation or not nothing will change
the following fact we'll never know
right
the the base fact is that we'll never
know we the public we in the the
Senators the Congress we will never know
so in a situation where there's one
thing we'll all agree on that we'll
never agree and that we'll never know
the question is if that's the situation
how do you reach a decision in a context
where you'll never know and there's
nothing you can do to know you can never
know and there's nothing you can do that
will change that FBI can look into it
they can come up with more facts that we
hadn't heard what are you going to
believe them know you're gonna line up
on the same side you or you'll wear
before some will believe some won't but
we'll never know so what do you do when
you never know well Lindsey Graham I
think gave us the foreshadowing of that
if you want a credible government the
government has to do what is the most
credible process the most credible
system now part of that involves
listening to the accuser but I tend to
agree with the people who say the extra
extra research let's say extra
investigation by the FBI it probably
would turn up extra information but the
odds of that information bringing us to
certainty is zero the odds of more
information allowing us to really know
what happened is zero there won't be any
videotapes there won't be any
fingernails it won't be any DNA it would
just be more people with faulty
presumably faulty recollections
what happened 35 years ago at best there
might be you know if there was anything
like a diary journal entry I think we
would have heard about it so in that
situation where we will never know which
is the only thing that matters the only
thing that matters you think what
matters is did it happen or did not it
doesn't matter
have I ever told you that the facts
don't matter have you ever heard that
before yeah well it's true in this case
what matters will be the system
what matters is what system we use to
get past our uncertainty in the legal
system the process we use as a trial and
if there's not reasonable doubt that's
the the system that we as a society have
have judged to be a credible system even
when it gets it wrong see this is the
important part a credible system you can
still support even if you don't like the
decision or the outcome that's what
makes a credible systems like I I don't
I don't like how that turned out but I'm
gonna but I like the system somebody
reminded me to talk about avenatti which
I will so here's how it's all going to
work out the Senate is going to vote and
if they if they decide that the
allegations are credible sounding but
not proven and they say well
unfortunately we have to have a standard
in this better than that we have to have
a system that's better than that we
can't have a credible system that is
derailed by allegations without a better
process so my my prediction is that
should we not hear anything new if we
don't hear anything new that's a big
deal you're gonna have judge Cavanaugh
got a drink to that all right
and by the way I don't even know if
Judge Cavanaugh will be a good judge how
would I know you know as if I have any
way to evaluate that but I will say that
I do like a system that works and the
only credible system now would be to say
that that the standard of evidence has
not been reached
likewise with North Korea what is the
big question everybody's asking on North
Korea will they denuclearize or will
they not are they playing us or are they
you know really planning to denuclearize
under the right conditions that we can
we can accomplish that is the wrong
question with North Korea the question
is not are they going to denuclearize or
are they not you think that's the
question because that's the way it's
been framed but that's not the thing you
should be looking at here's why you
should be looking at does North Korea
still have a reason to keep building up
their nukes and our reason to keep
building up their missiles and their
reason to keep threatening us that's the
story the story is is their reason
getting better or is their reason for
having nukes degrading tamiya seems
obvious they're there getting friendly
with South Korea they're talking about
trade they're talking about security
agreements they're gonna meet in the
United States under any scenario this is
this is working against their reason so
the reason was up here for having the
nukes forget about the actual having
them the reason to have them was up here
and now the reason to have them is down
here and it's moving in this direction
fairly rapidly all right if you can look
at that situation where the person who
has a big weapon is rapidly losing their
reason for having it that is real
progress
you know because having a weapon isn't
the important in terms of you know the
physicality of it if you don't have a
weapon you can't you can't use it but
you got to work on the reason because
you know we live in a country where a
half of my neighbors have a gun
am i afraid of my neighbors who own guns
I am NOT do you know I am not afraid of
them
because they don't have a reason to
shoot me Kim jong-un's reason is
shrinking to nothing and he's getting a
little bit pregnant with South Korea so
everything is going in the right
direction no matter how long it takes
because the physical part is somewhat
irrelevant if you've taken away the
reason and we have let's talk about Don
Lemon he said a few things I thought
were interesting last night on his show
one of the things he said was that fake
assault claims fake sexual assault
claims are rare so Don lemons claim is
that it's rare for somebody to claim
somebody sexually abuse them and that
had not be true is that the case is rare
true it feels true wouldn't you say I
mean it feels like that would be the
more the exception than the rule but how
rare is rare is is rare one out of a
thousand is rare one in a five I really
don't know do you
does anybody else know so Don Lemon
claimed that it was rare
I see people saying things in the 40%
range but I don't know yeah you can't
throw in Duke Lacrosse you can't throw
in your examples where you heard of it
being false because those are anecdotal
but statistics wise what does it mean to
say is rare I don't know but I'm going
to accept that it's less than 50% so
let's accept that it's more likely it's
true
if you were just looking at a generic
accusation more likely true than false
but is this situation like any other it
really isn't you can't really take this
situation and lump it in with the
statistics of average people making
accusations against other average people
because first of all the stakes are
through the roof the stakes in this case
are not just personal justice the stakes
are the entire country and the laws of
the land and you know it's the biggest
stakes you could possibly have short of
war so let's get rid of the troll so the
question is would it be unusual in this
situation for someone to make a fake
claim so this isn't like a regular claim
in which maybe it's more likely it's
true than false I don't know the
statistics but in this situation
nothing applies because it's so unique
so I would say that looking at the
general statistics of claims will not
tell you a lot about this one because
the political element makes it different
than all other situations so it's not
typical now here's the other thing that
Don Lemon did he he covered as a sort of
one combined story Cosby being sentenced
for 60 alleged cases of drugging and
raping people he compared that to the
Cavanaugh case now he did say it's a
very different situation so on the
factual level he did not stray so
factually he was he was accurate he said
the the the case with Cosby is
completely different except that it goes
to the question of old allegations you
know the importance of old allegations
because there were old allegations in
both cases now here's what I find
hey Jake
congratulations here's what I find
despicable about that coverage and so
Don Lemon let me say to you it's
probably the the most unethical and
immoral thing that you're ever gonna see
on TV to create that association in
people's mind between Cosby a serial
rapist with a high level of proof enough
proof to get convicted to have him in
the same to have him in the same
conversation with Cavanaugh is
despicable so I believe Don Lemon you've
given up any claim to moral authority if
you have any so your claim to moral
authority is now evaporated all right I
get and I may agree with you in some
cases Don Lemon now other people act
unethically there are other people who
are bad and when you call it out I
usually agree I have to admit most the
times when you call out bad behavior by
other people I say to myself yeah that
looks pretty bad but this is one of the
worst things I've ever seen on
television can you think of anything
worse than being compared to Cosby when
when you the accusations against you are
quite different a whole different level
and a whole lot less likely to be
credible so I thought that was horrible
anyway let's talk about let's talk about
Oh somebody was saying that the people
who think that Trump wasn't laughed at
no here's the thing somebody on Twitter
was saying that Fox News edited out the
laughter around Trump's UN speech and
that if you watched Fox News you didn't
hear the laughter and therefore you are
in altered
reality and my comment to him was that
the people who believe only the other
people are in an alternate reality those
people are in the lowest level of
awareness a higher level of awareness is
one that I hope many of you have already
entered which is to know that being in
the wrong reality is our permanent
situation we're all in the wrong reality
all the time and if I can't you know it
here's the best example whatever
religion you have even if it's right
it's a different reality than the other
people yeah most of the world has a
different religion than you do whatever
your religion is we're all walking
around in completely different realities
so if you believe that you've got a
pretty good grasp of reality and those
darn other people are the ones who're in
their alternate reality you are the one
who is operating at the lower level of
awareness the higher level is
everybody's sort of manufacturing their
own reality all the time and all that
the science confirms that let's talk
about avenatti there is a hilarious
story about alpha navi right now don't
know if it's true so let's talk about
that so the the story is that of an IV
allegedly has a yet another unnamed
accuser for Kavanagh and what a
coincidence this avenatti of all people
and then there comes a story and I think
we'll all drink to this that somebody on
4chan claims fairly credibly meaning
that the story it looks like it's
possible so that doesn't mean is true
I'm just saying it's credible credible
the 4chan played a prank on avenatti and
had had somebody pretend to be a witness
but it was really just and so
that avenatti thinks he has a witness
but doesn't have anything and that it
was just a great troll
is it true or is it not true well let me
tell you what is true
you're wondering are you you're
wondering which is true if you're
wondering whether 4chan trolled avenatti
then here's what I can tell you for sure
Fortran 4chan did troll avenatti because
one of two possibilities either the they
really did do the whole hoax or they
have hoaxed people into thinking that
they did do a hoax right I'll drink to
that
so truth aside fortune has hoaxed
avenatti one of two ways is that they
made up the whole story and he thinks he
has a witness but he doesn't or they
made up a whole story about making up a
witness and now we wonder if avenatti is
telling the truth both ways great troll
so two 4chan congratulations on one of
the best one of the best trolls you'll
ever see because no matter what avenatti
says now 40% of the public is gonna say
look at him you got trolled he believes
that stuff he's saying so what would you
expect if if let's say if avenatti had
been trolled and he had he now knows it
let's say he had been trolled and he's
now figured it out I don't know that
that's the case so this is speculative
what would he do what would you do if
you were a finale would you say AHA damn
I totally got trolled it you got me I'm
running for a president but I got fooled
by 4chan you got me would he do that I
don't think he'd do that what would be
his best play if you're avenatti and you
did get trolled what's your best play
your best play is to say I did not get
rolled and then your next move
this but my witness needs a few more
days to decide whether to come forward
because if he can keep saying that there
is a witness all the way up until the
vote then people believe maybe there
might be another witness so it would be
part of the fake corroboration so right
now you've got Christine Ford who has
you know some credibility you've got the
woman who said Kavanaugh exposed himself
that one time less credibility you know
everybody agrees that compared to
Christine for the second one has less
credibility and then avenatti allegedly
the third one has less credibility than
the second one because we haven't even
heard where the person is but it still
works as a group so if you think to
yourself well there's only one
accusation it's easy to dismiss it as
maybe not true but if you hear to
yourself three accusations well sure
even if one of them is not true that
would still leave two accusations wait
is he even worse than that
if even two of them are not true that
still leaves one accusation that is so
the best thing that Alfa Navi could do
if he had realized and this is
speculative I'm not saying this happened
but if he realized that he had been
trolled he should claim he has not
claimed he still has a witness and then
at the last minute what do you do at the
last minute anybody anybody what would
be his best play at the last minute
we'll say at the time of the vote you
got it
his best play what to say it'd be to say
my witness has decided to not come
forward because my witness saw all the
abuse that the other people got who came
forward so you can't expect them to come
forward under these conditions I tried
as hard as I could to get her to come
forward we worked with her you know but
I just couldn't protect her it isn't a
dangerous world out there so she had to
remain anonymous
what is it that
hanadi is doing it looks a lot like that
looks a lot like that that I just
described so again we cannot discount a
vanadis alleged alleged a ledger
I guess she's an alleged a ledger might
be true you can't say it's not true but
at this point it's credibility's sort of
in the sewer
so yeah avenatti
is winning so avenatti is winning
because he's getting his story out there
and when he probably I'm predicting
he'll pull it back at the last minute
when he pulls it back if that's what
happens he can still claim it was real
and he'll just say I'm not gonna give
out a name that's the whole point you
know the whole point of it is she didn't
want to be public so why can I tell you
who it is I can't tell you it was so he
has perfect deniability half a nadia is
five foot four is that true doesn't feel
like it's true
so the stormy allegations seem to have
just gone away haven't they so I think
that's all I had on my list of things to
talk about keep in mind that there's not
much news happening so there might be
something big brewing might be something
big coming but we don't know yet hey is
it my imagination or is this a light
hurricane season do we know that yet or
they're still hurricanes to come can you
buddy confirm that for me do we have a
light hurricane season because I'm
pretty sure we were supposed to have
worst storms forever because of global
warming is the president having
a low hurricane year or is it too early
to say that I don't know my hurricane
science yes there's not much news I
would say still early in the season it's
over in November but by now
oh yeah it's early I guess October's the
big big season so we'll wait and see on
that there's one coming somebody says
all right so it's too soon we'll wait on
that but if the hurricane season is
light it's gonna be another pro-trump
lucky situation so we'll see
Oh their weed legalization may be I'm
not sure we legalization would qualify
as big news it would be interesting and
people would talk about it but it feels
like weed legalization I'm all confused
about weed legalization because it's
such low-hanging fruit here's what
here's what President Trump should
definitely not do President Trump should
not wait for the next president to
decriminalize marijuana from the federal
perspective here's why remember I said
that Trump was smart to create space
force and my reasoning was sooner or
later there's a hundred percent chance
that some president was going to create
space force the next one or the next one
after it was going to happen there was
no way you would not have some day a
space force so the smart thing that
Trump had is claim credit for being the
one who started it because space force
will last literally lasts forever as
long as humanity lasts there will be a
space force so now he's the he's the the
founder of space force it was
low-hanging fruit it was free there was
no penalty all he had to do is say
low-hanging fruit pink space force
and one thing we know about the
president is that he doesn't leave money
on the table
you know if there's just like a stack of
chips laying on the table and it's all
his he's not gonna walk away he's gonna
be gathering that stuff up right and
cannabis is exactly the same situation
the spaceforce there's a hundred percent
chance some future president will
decriminalize it why would he not want
that to be him you know especially since
Republicans like states rights and it's
very much a state states rights
situation it's about as clean as you can
get it absolutely helps them you know
electorally so it might be here's my
guess it might be that he's it might be
that he's waiting for the the midterms
to be over so they can save that one for
his own election because if he doesn't
now it becomes maybe an issue for the
for the you know the Congress people
running for office in Congress would
have to explain it and maybe there are
places where they can't explain it and
their individual candidates that it
would be bad for or maybe they've told
them to hold off that sort of thing but
he could do it for himself
what he's running for office and I think
it'd be a lot easier and it would be a
cleaner win you're saying those sessions
needs to be out of the way first could
be you know if if Trump fired sessions
for not going along with decriminalizing
marijuana and and said it has nothing
this is funny if you if the president
waited and fired sessions over weed
decriminalization and just said no it's
not really about that other stuff it's
totally about this weed
decriminalization thing because we don't
want to leave African Americans in
prison over weed and this Jeff Sessions
guy jeez he's such
this we need to get rid of him so that
we can you know get rid of our prison
population it would be hilarious and it
would be funny
let's talk about Lindsey Graham
somebody's prompting me so Lindsey
recently said something very similar to
what you've heard me say which is that
we have to see how the system works and
sort of rely on the system with this
whole Cavanaugh situation so I think
that's the right answer
we have to default to the system we
think is credible he will do it with
prison reform maybe but he could get two
hits instead of one ha ha ha no pun
intended two hits instead of one if he
does prison reform separately from
decriminalizing marijuana but because
they would be two stories and if you
lump them together it sort of becomes
one story will any Democrats support
Kavanagh I'm going to say no I'm not the
best at predicting that but I think the
Democrats have all the cover they need
to not support them project Veritas I
don't know which videos you're talking
about in particular I think I talked
about the one video before I think pro
pot people live in big houses away from
pot smokers well certainly it's like
every other every other thing that's
legal
it doesn't mean you want to do it or
that you want to be around people who
are doing it it's a separate question
and the states could figure that who
yeah I'm not gonna handicap which
senators vote which way that's that's
not my deal oh I guess Ted Cruz did Ted
Cruz get shouted out of a restaurant
recently that's not a big story but we
should keep it in Bret's calendar is out
huh I'll have to look into that all
right I will talk to you all is a
hearing going to be televised tomorrow
if the hearing is televised tomorrow I
believe it starts exactly when I when I
do my periscopes so if the hearing is at
the same time as my periscope and if
it's televised I will watch some of it
live with you which means you're going
to have to have another screen on
because I won't be showing it here I'll
just be watching at the same time you
are what I'll be looking for are crazy
eyes and credibility crazy eyes and
credibility those of you the two things
I've been looking at now when I say
crazy eyes I am NOT going to suggest
that you can tell if somebody is telling
the truth by looking at their eyes
alright so don't over interpret what I
mean by crazy eyes and by the way I
don't know that Christine Ford has crazy
eyes because I haven't seen her eyes but
if she does and you know what I mean
right
some people just have crazy eyes it
doesn't mean anything about their actual
character there's no science to it per
se but it will be very persuasive
so people are trying to get the judge
for a character the judge of her
mentality the the judge of her mental
health and they're going to look at her
eyes primarily because the rest of this
stuff doesn't tell you as much right
they'll look at they'll look at body
language in general but the eyes are
really the the rulers of the situation
so if her eyes ring they seem to people
like crazy eyes
she's a lot of trouble of credibility
wise but if she's clear-eyed again
there's no science to this I'm just
saying how we register looking at people
you know you just think some people look
more credible than others
that doesn't mean they are but if she
has crazy eyes this is not gonna go well
for her so that's that's my biggest
question is crazy eyes and again crazy
eyes doesn't mean person is crazy but it
can affect their credibility because it
affects the way they're they're
presenting themselves all right I will
talk to you all later