ladies and gentlemen welcome to coffee
with Scott Adams the finest moment
you'll ever experien in your entire life
if you'd like to take this experience up
to levels that nobody can even
understand with their tiny human brains
all you need for that is a coverer
marker a glass of tanker chalis d a
canteen Jugger flesk a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopamine end
of the day the thing that makes
everything better today with a little
bit of Serotonin mixed in it's called
the simultaneous Sip and happens
now ah do you feel connected to everyone
who is sipping all around the world
more so than even the internet
itself yes more
so well we got all kinds of news
today all kinds of news waiting for a
little bit of a confirmation before I
can tell you something that will
possibly excite you we'll find out about
that in a little bit well I came up with
a new insult for AI uh it's in the
Dilbert reborn comic which you can only
see if you're subscribing to it on the
xplatform see my profile
link or on the locals platform Scot
adams. locals.com and uh Wally's got an
AI girlfriend and uh he calls her a wait
for
it wait for it it's an AI
insult so Wally calls his AI girlfriend
a stupid
bit
bit a stupid
bit now you can use that for your AI
insults you stupid
bit I thought it was pretty good okay
well there's a story about a 9-year-old
girl who's a chess
Prodigy and apparently she's dominating
a competition which is typically uh more
associated with boys so the story is
9-year-old Prodigy girl who can play
even better than most of the boys
yes so you go
girl uh there's something missing from
the
story well hold on let's see it's
2024 there a story about a female
dominating in a male competition well
there's something missing in the
story there's no word whatsoever under
genitalia how in the world am I supposed
to understand this in the larger context
that a female is competing in winning in
in a dominant male
category unless I know if she was born
with a
penis I feel like the context of this is
completely
missing yeah that's right our brains
have been broken by the
news the the fact that you even have to
think about this it's like H were you
born a girl or I'm just wondering just
curious
well speaking of uh girls in their
brains there's a Washington Post
story about a new study that says a
menopause brain is real and that they
did brain images of women reaching
menopause and found out that they had
less gray matter and uh reduced their
attention and their concentration in
their language and memory were all
reduced when they were in their
menopause years h
you know that explains a lot did you
ever wonder why the Washington Post
still employed Phil
bump it's because of that healthy male
brain I think that I mean it's the
Washington Post story so they must be
aware that they're that their older
female writers have uh well you know a
lot less gray matter volume than they
used to and uh maybe the areas of their
brains involving attention concentration
language and memory are a little bit uh
decreased but thank God thank God they
still have Phil bump so they can write
some quality stories even while the
brains of their female correspondents
are rotting in their heads according to
them here's something I wonder if it
would be important to see in this
story do you think there's anything
missing in the
story such as did they scan male brains
when they reached 4 45 to 50 which is
about the time that menopause kicks in
do you think that male brains would look
just as good as they used to when you
reach 45 or 50 do you think that when
you start measuring your pot belled 45y
old
men they haven't exercised since they
were 25 and and their brains are going
to look just right
isn't this story missing the biggest
thing how in the world can you say that
the women's Brains have degraded because
of menopause unless the study also did
men of the same age because if they all
have the same brain degradation it's
probably the food that's right the food
is killing us it's poison if you
eat American food for you know 45 years
what do you think your brain looks
like I'm not sure they've isolated this
to menopause is what I'm saying you know
do you remember when you used to think
science was
real science isn't
real it's just a bunch of stories in the
news the odds of this being completely
right and in context I mean it might be
right that the brains are different over
time but it's out of context unless you
show what the male brains I don't know
anything because it could be the food I
mean if you to
guess if you saw the typical American
walking down the high down the
street typical American male just
imagine the typical 50-year-old American
male what's he look like in your brain
unhealthy there's no way that your brain
is healthy when your body's unhealthy I
I would never believe that all
right China is getting ready to launch
their their rocket to the moon and
they're going to create a moon base and
dominate us all maybe or the other
possibility is what they've really
created is a giant rocket that really is
a movie studio and when the Chinese
astronauts you know it looks looks to us
like they're getting inside the capsule
of the
rocket maybe it's just a studio in there
and they go in there and like hey Bob
sound man here get the boom over here uh
lighting lighting
and then they shoot their little uh fake
Moon film up in the
capsule and then they do a little AI to
make it look like the rocket took
off no but what if they really get to
the moon and land on
it how many of you believe it's not
possible to put a person on the moon
because of the radiation
belt I heard some people saying there's
no way that America landed on the moon
because the radiation belt would have
killed them just getting it what if the
Chinese do it what if they put a person
on the moon are you going to believe
that America
went or are you going to say to yourself
Scott do you know how much technology
was invented between 1969 and today
quite a
bit maybe they know how to do it now
yeah so you're not going to be convinced
I know you won't be convinced I think we
went to the Moon
but honestly it would be fun to find out
and I was wrong it' be kind of fun to
find that
out all right I'm I'm waiting for
breaking
news um I'm just watching my DMs if I
get a DM during the show of some
breaking news for you that you're going
to want to wait for you're going to want
to hear
it I promise you all right
there's another study oh they they
wasted a bunch of money doing something
that they could have asked me do you
know how many scientific Studies have
been done that were a complete waste of
time because you really just could have
asked me just ask me next time all right
here's another one negative language
boosts online news consumption study
suggests whereas positive words have had
the opposite
effect really you didn't know that
is there anybody who's been watching the
news landscape for the last 10 years who
didn't know that negative headlines will
get you more clicks it's the entire
business model of the media and they had
to do a study to find out if it's real
of course it's real yes it's not an
accident that the news is all these
negative you know world's on fire and
hurricanes are going to kill us all and
Trump's Trump's a dictator and yeah it's
not an accident gets you more clicks so
could have saved quite a bit of money by
asking me whether unicorns and rainbows
get you more clicks than genocide and
pandemic could have answered that one
well over in the
UK uh some unknown guy tried to vote and
was turned away because he didn't have
his uh photo
ID some guy named uh well he claims we
don't really know what his name is but
claims his name is Boris
Johnson and that he was some kind of a
political leader in the UK this his
claim but when he showed up the vote
they're like we don't know who the
you are yeah if you don't get some ID
you're not voting
here because you know what's different
about the UK than the United States by
the way that's a real story he got
turned away he didn't he didn't have his
ID can you imagine the person who is
working the uh the booth is like uh and
uh you
are Boris Johnson I used to be your
prime
minister are
you C fa isn't really ringing a bell no
I swear I'm I'm Boris Johnson I was in
the news I I was the leader of the
country I made a lot of news I'm I'm
responsible for the war in Ukraine it's
really my entire
fault Boris
Johnson Johnson you said Johnson right
Boris Johnson I was the Prime
Minister I don't know it's not I don't
know I just don't see it you're going
have to get some Ida and come
back now you know what I call that
because I'm American I mean I see this
through a different filter than they do
in the
UK clearly
racist because if there's one thing I
can tell you about the UK none of those
white idiots know how to get an
ID they don't know how they're they're
all incompetent every white person in
the UK they can't even they don't even
know how to get ID they're all wandering
around in the streets they have to stop
the black people they ask them how to
get an ID in the UK they'll see a black
person they'll say excuse me are are you
a
citizen well yes I am I'm a citizen did
you get an ID yes I did it was quite
easy can you teach me how to do that I I
don't know how to do that so that's
what's happening over there uh Apple
announced 110 billion dollar share
buyback the biggest in history is that
good news or bad news it means that if
you're a stockholder your stock will go
up because they're buying their own
stock so they're competing with the
stock market by buying back their own
stock which drives its price up which is
why they do it
yes if you studied economics or even if
you've heard of Economics you would know
that the largest cash buyback in history
tells you that they don't have any good
ideas for their own
money did you know
that the only reason a company does a
cash buyback is that they have more cash
than they have good ideas of how to
spend it in a way that could make you
money as a stockholder is basically a
surrender
now they came out with their what was it
the Vision Pro AR glasses I I heard
those did not sell too
well and when it first came out I said
to myself there's a product Steve Jobs
would not have
launched I just don't think Steve Jobs
would have even launched that product I
I don't know what he would have done I
mean he does things that we didn't
expect to be done so you can't really
anticipate it but I feel like the rose
or the shine is off the bloom or the
bloom is off the rose or there's some
kind of saying like
that so I will uh tell you that I sold
all of my Apple stock um several months
ago primarily because AI was too much
for a
threat every time I use h s i r i I
don't want to say the word out loud
every time I use it I say to myself what
happened to this
company like it's it feels like I'm
using 197 technology just to ask you
what the weather is and then I open up
any AI app and the AI apps understand
every word I
say and and I got to just shout at my
phone I want the weather the weather no
not the time no the weather that's me
using my
phone and Brooker hathway is getting
some
uh uh some let's say eyebrows going up
because apples I think their biggest
holding and they made a ton of money on
it but uh nobody's quite sure that
Warren Buffett is still the Warren
Buffett of old or is he just Old Warren
Buffett we don't know if he's the Steve
Jobs of investing still or maybe he's
crossed over to the uh Noto capable side
he's very old we'll soon know telsey
gabard was on Joe Rogan and she said
that the Tik tock Bill the B the bill
that would ban it if they don't
divest uh is the most egregious
violation of civil liberties since the
Patriot Act do you agree with that do
you think that banning Tik Tock which is
a free speech
platform of sorts do you believe it's
one of the or the most egregious
violation of civil liberties since the
Patriot Act how many would agree with
that
statement well
here's what I say it might be true it
might be true but what's missing in the
opinion what's missing in the opinion is
the
alternative it's a half opinion a half
opinion is a useless thing that comes
out of somebody's mouth now I love tulsy
gabard so as a political figure and a
politician he's got a lot going for but
but I don't like half
opinions if you're going to say that
there's something wrong with Banning Tik
Tock you're I think you're obligated to
say what would happen if you don't do it
you know what what's the
downside of doing it and what's the
downside of not doing it and the I would
agree with her
characterization that it would be a a
massive um violation of civil
liberties uh in The Limited sense that
would decrease the platform for people
saying what they want to say that's true
but if you don't simultaneously say
that's better or worse than having China
be able to control your
politics now we don't know exactly if
China pushed the heat button on the Gaza
situation but it sure looks like it and
the fact that you don't
know is a problem enough the fact that
we don't know if the biggest political
issue at the moment you know with the
protests in the colleges we don't know
if that's real we don't know if China
pushed the heat button and got you a 50
to1 uh Pro Palestinian
opinion or if that was just what people
were already thinking and it just
expressed itself on the
platform because I don't believe the
other platforms look like
that which would be
you know of course they have slightly
different um customer profiles so that
might be it as well but no the big risk
is that China can push a button and
change and just brainwash Americans and
I'll say it again because I know there's
somebody listening to this and saying
Scott Scott Scott but what about
Facebook and Instagram and everybody
does it to which I say if you can solve
one of your problems but not both of
them wouldn't you solve one of them well
if you can't solve two you wouldn't
solve
one I would solve anything I could solve
that would be the way I'd play
it all right I've been confused and do
you ever have these situations where
you're sure everybody knows something
that's common knowledge but you don't
know it and it goes too long and you
can't admit you don't know it do you
have any of those situations it could be
something like really normal and like
everybody uses the word and you're like
uhhuh yep and you've and then it goes It
goes too long and you haven't asked
anybody what it really is and then you
can't because you're like seriously
you're asking me what AI is it's 2024
you've never heard the words artificial
intelligence you know so sort of like
that well that's me and
Marxism now clearly you know I knew who
Carl Marx was and I know what socialism
is and communism and and I knew the the
general
tenants of Marxism I mean I knew the
general idea like any educated person
but here's the part I didn't understand
why does anybody like it because
everything I knew about it was bad I
didn't know any good
things and so I asked chat
GPT to explain uh Marxism to me and it
started out by saying I asked what are
the benefits of Marxism and it talked
about achieving you know some kind of
economic
fairness and when it was done I thought
to myself okay and it was also about
criticisms of
capitalism so Marxism isn't just about
what they want to do it's uh as much or
even more some would say about what they
don't want to do and they don't want to
do
capitalism and so I naively asked well
so why they may like it and it's the
answer was for all the fairness because
people don't like an unfair capitalist
system that rewards the rich and takes
from the poor and I thought to myself
okay all right so then I had a follow-up
question I said uh which of the top 10
economies of the world are
Marxist and I said uh
none and I said well how do you explain
that it's popular when when it seems to
have never worked in the real world even
once and every time they tried it it was
a huge failure and people
died and then chat GPT stopped
working it just stopped working it just
wouldn't answer any questions anymore
now I assume it was just a coincidence
and a little technical glitch but I
don't know the
answer and chat GPT just like gave up
when I when I tried to give it the
answer and I wondered if that is yet
another category that's hardcoded in the
system for example if you ask questions
about climate change do you think you're
going to get chat gpt's opinion on it no
you
won't no you get a
hardcoded programmers installed an
opinion on climate change and it won't
vary from
that now do you think they did the same
thing with
Marxism do you think that chaty is
capable of giving you an independent
opinion of what it knows from history
and and uh what is obvious in patterns
and the rest I don't know it might
actually be programmed to not criticism
Socialism or any form of it it might be
now I can't tell because it just quit
when I tried but you should try and see
just just see for yourself and let me
know
um I've never met a
Marxist and so I've never met one that
I'm aware of I mean I I assume I've met
one but maybe didn't admit it because
what here's how the conversation would
go can you give me any example where
it's ever worked and how do you explain
why people would work hard if they
didn't have extra incentives to work
hard and I just want to see what
somebody
says here's how I think it would go hey
I'm just intellectually curious I'm not
arguing with you I don't have an opinion
yet I'm just trying to get informed
could you tell
me what a Marxist economic system would
look like and has it ever worked before
and if it's never worked why would you
be in favor of it and then just see what
they say what would they
say here's what I think they would say
well why don't you take your patriarchal
white
supremacy and go shove it up your ass uh
we're busy
protesting I don't think they would be
able to answer the question I think they
would have to just accuse me of a crime
and change the subject because as far as
I know there is no argument for it now
am I the first person to tell you
this am I the first person to tell you
that although I knew you already didn't
like Marxism but did you know there's
not an argument for it not an argument
that you disagree with that's not what
I'm saying I'm not saying there's an
argument and you disagree with it I'm
saying there isn't
one am I wrong that there is not an
argument for it there's only a criticism
of
capitalism and the criticism of
capitalism are completely unnecessary
because we all see the same
stuff do do any of you think that a
billionaire lives the same as a middle
class
person
no do you think the billionaire is a
better person in some way than the
middle class person no no we don't think
that do we think it's fair that somebody
made a billion dollars manipulating you
know money basically adding nothing to
the to the process versus somebody who
did your plumbing and really made a
difference do we think that's fair no
but I don't need Marxism to help me out
do I and I also say that fairness is an
argument for idiots and children because
nothing in the world is fair nor should
it be
um so Marxism is a weird thing that our
press never asks the Marxist how it
could work think about all the
interviews you've
seen of the press and some protest or
something there are plenty of protesters
and plenty of people would identify as
marxists have you ever seen anybody put
a microphone in their face and say we
understand the part about the criticisms
of capitalism and even capitalists agree
don't they even if you're a capitalist
you would say yeah capitalism has all
these excesses and problems but nobody
has a better idea that's pretty much the
whole argument is that nobody really has
a better idea and the top 10 economies
are all are all basically you know
either driven by or primarily capitalist
so why doesn't anybody even ask the
question it's kind of obviously missing
isn't it and the only thing I can think
of is that the people on the left can't
ask the question because they're allies
like it and the people of the right
don't need to because there's not a
single person who watches Fox News who's
Pro
Marxist so the people watch Fox News The
Fox News people can say look at these
dumb marxists and there's no other
explanation needed because everybody who
watches that channel knows they're not
offering anything that you want right
but if you're watching CNN you might be
saying to yourself you
know I I like this part about the where
they criticize capitalism yeah maybe
these marxists have something after all
right if you don't see any criticism of
Marxism on any left leaning
Network what would you think if you're
21 and you're in college and you've
never seen a criticism of it because you
don't watch Fox News you're you're not
reading
Breitbart what would you think if you
only heard good and you never heard bad
you'd think it might be worth a shot so
yeah there's a news problem here as well
as
College I saw Alan DT's podcast the
other day and he was talking about the
protests and the funding of it and let
let me just say this again I I don't
know how many times I have to say this
but you don't have to love alen dtz for
everything he thinks and everything he's
ever done in his person life who knows
what that is right has nothing to do
with me but I'm going to tell you I've
you just don't see a better Communicator
a better Persuader oh my God just
listening to him talk off the top of his
head without notes for like 40 minutes
it's amazing and you know they they
could put him under the CAT scan and all
bet his brain looks exactly like it did
when he was 25 if not better it looks
like he's getting smarter or something I
mean I don't he's in his
80s just incredible uh mental acuity
that it just blows me away
anyway um do you remember I said there's
only one reason that we don't know
already who's funding the protests and
organizing it and do you remember what I
said what's the only reason you wouldn't
know if it's coming from our
government
right the only reason you wouldn't
know let me check on the
news breaking news
breaking
news Rasmus in just a new presidential
poll in a three-way
race with RFK Jr
Trump at RFK Jr Trump and
Biden according to the rasmon poll that
just broke one minute
ago Trump is up
nationally by 10
10
points 10
points do you remember what number I
told you is the magic number 10
points double digits Trump has to win
this thing by double
digits any other anything else and we
probably lose the country
because this might be the last chance
that a populist could ever you know
break through the uh the wall he just
has too much power for the system which
is very strong to keep him out unless
they kill him or change the
rules
now General Flynn just said as recently
as today I think that he does or
yesterday that he does expect that the
government will declare some kind of
emergency and do something to cancel the
elections and he says he's talking based
on you know the Rumblings that he's
hearing it's not just sitting in a chair
coming up with his own idea that there's
going to be something bad happening he's
actually hearing some stuff that he
can't talk
about I'm not sure not so sure I will go
so far as to predict it but we are in
Uncharted territories at least since so
the Kennedy
assassination and I am one of the was
convinced that that was an inside job
and that our own government killed the
president
and I don't think that you could rule
that
out I don't predict it but you
definitely can't rule it out and in fact
you can't rule out
any any degree of illegal activity at
this point because I think that there
are people who will be fighting for
their lives
literally uh in terms of life in jail
um people will be fighting for the lives
and they will see Trump as an
existential threat to everything they've
built in their life so there is no limit
to what people will do in that situation
so Trump unfortunately will be you know
cornering all the wild animals or
they'll feel cornered even if they're
not so things could go scary but one
thing that Trump might take off the
table and by the way this this could be
an outlier so don't don't get to excited
until you see other polls backing it up
but if if he's up by 10 on Election Day
they can't cheat it away from them
that's just too
much 10 is the magic
number this is one of those days where I
feel like I'm authoring the
simulation that I just called out that
exact number and here it is here it is
anyway we'll see if it stands up to
other things so back to uh bad behavior
by our government so dtz points out that
the funding is coming from this some
Rockefeller charitable fund and uh the
Soros people are funding the
organizations that are doing the bad
things now that doesn't mean that the
people who are doing the funding are
organizing it or that they uh are even
aware of how their money is being
spent would you agree that you know you
talking about billions of dollars being
pumped into you know hundreds of
organizations and they don't watch
everyone to see everything they do so we
don't know for sure that anybody who's
funding it is aware that their money you
know directly or indirectly went into
these
protests but here's what we can say
remember I said that the only reason the
FBI isn't telling us every day and the
News isn't telling us every day who's
behind
it is that it's coming from inside the
house the only explanation I Can See For
why they don't have the FBI on TV every
day saying well we've traced the funding
in the organization and here's who's
behind it and it's
Iran if it were Iran you don't think you
would have heard about
it if it were China you don't think
you'd know about
that I mean even the the Tic Tac
suspicions are in the
news if it were
Putin if Putin were behind these
protests you don't think they had
mentioned that of course they would
what's the one thing they wouldn't be
able to mention if they knew
it it's coming from the
government now here's what I
think the at least the Soros group and
maybe the Rockefeller group too
um aren't they the biggest funders of
the democratic party and isn't the
Democratic party kind of in charge of
the government
so could the government which is the
Democrats throw their own funders under
the
bus so the news is owned by the
Democrats the government is owned by the
Democrats and the people who fund them
are all on the same party it's exactly
what I told you it was it's the
Democrats now I don't think the
Democrats are doing it
intentionally I think that their largest
funding sources created a bunch of
sloppy money that's getting slopped in
places that they would not have chosen
it to slop so I think it's accidental
but the only reason this isn't the only
headline story is because it's the
Democrats the Democrat funders did it
the Democrat government isn't going to
talk about it the Democrat you know run
government doesn't want to uncover it
it's exactly what it looks like it's it
the the people funding are too close to
being Democrats because they fun the
Democrats that even if they didn't mean
it they can't tell the
story now would you would you agree this
that's the only explanation that fits
the
facts why would the FBI not tell you if
they even suspected even suspected
foreign
involvement they would tell you they
might tell you they don't know the
details they might say something got
hacked we don't know who who but we're
looking into it if it were coming from
outside the country you'd know about it
you know what else you would know if it
were coming from inside the country from
someone who is not aligned with the
Democrats if the white supremacists were
doing this you don't think that'd be a
story seriously if any if any Republican
entity in any way had a connection to
the protesters you don't think that'd be
in the news every day
every day of course it would the only
reason that the organizers and the
funding are not the biggest story
because they're the ones driving right
the students are sort of
irrelevant they're they're the the tail
that got wagged by the dog but the dog
is being ignored we're we're
concentrating on the tail the only
reason it makes sense to concentrate on
the tail instead of the dog is that
whoever is in charge of the news doesn't
want you to know
what the dog is uh look at the tail but
what's it connected to look at the tail
but really I'd know more about the tail
if I knew something about the dog that
was waging it there is no dog there is
no dog it's just a tail really there's
no such thing as a just a tail oh this
time there is just a tail just a wagon
tail and that that's basically what the
public is being told it's just a waging
tail there's no dog of course you know
the dog
uh ruter apparently gave into their
protesters eight of 10 demands they were
not going to divest because that's too
hard divesting from every company that
has anything to do with Israel but they
are going to do a whole bunch of things
where they're going to bring some Gaza
people in and give them scholarships and
make sure that they have more uh
anti-jewish voices and their um
basically Ruckers had to
I I'm just this is my own summary so
without getting into the details ruers
had to agree to be anti-israel
basically now nothing says that that
that's Scott's interpretation but if you
look at the list of things they agreed
to it kind of adds up to you have to be
anti-israel it looks like they agreed to
it basically so uh Bill Amman was you
know being Amazed by that and then
Jordan Peterson was reminding him Bill
Amman uh sir Jordan Peterson said as I
have suggested repeatedly the situation
at the universities is far worse than
you
imagine the parasites and scavengers are
taken over the whale carcasses and there
is no way back this is a foundational
problem no amount of whitewash will
suffice to address the
rot now that seems to be a very clear
statement that the colleges are
done a as entities that you can trust
and as a foundation of building our
country I believe Jordan Peterson says
forget it you can't save them they're
already
dead that's how I read it now who knows
more about the situation in the colleges
me or Jordan Peterson I'm going to go
with Jordan
Peterson um this was not my opinion that
that it was unsavable I kind of imagined
it would sort of pendulum back to where
it was I just thought there'd be
some U pendulum
thing all right so we'll see maybe he's
right I think AI will have made uh
Advanced education useless anyway so I
think the whole college experience was
probably going to transform radically in
the next 10 years no matter what
happened in Israel so probably this will
accelerate
it well the head of Hezbollah has a uh
message for everyone uh said and he says
quote in the case of well in a different
language but here's the translation in
the case of homosexuality from the first
time even if they were unmarried they
shall be
killed so pretty much hz's opinion of
homosexuality is similar to a a horse
tra trainer's view of a horse with a
broken
leg uh leg has horse has broken leg
shoot horse has a cold shoot this a Gary
Larson joke uh horse
has uh needs a haircut shoot so that
seems to be the Hezbollah view on
homosexuality uh it doesn't really
matter if you were
unmarried it's funny that they have to
put that clause in
there am I to believe that it would be a
cultural truth that if you're unmarried
you can suck as many dicks as you want
and you're you're clear but once you get
married you got to you got to put that
behind
you well that seems to be what he's
indicating that's like I just want to be
clear it's not okay he would say head of
Hezbollah it's not okay to be a
homosexual even if you're
single well that's
quite quite
constraining uh I thought I could be but
not not according to
ESB so uh as others have pointed out how
many of the the wise protesters would be
aware that if the people they're
protesting for were to get everything
they wanted that everything they wanted
would include killing the people that
they protested with how how many do you
think really understand that because it
looks like they
don't it looks very much like they
don't understand
that
so
um it seems like there's a uh Republican
dirty trick that's just waiting to
happen and I feel like somebody needs to
create a fake
organization of uh lgbtq
Democrats who are in favor of uh killing
LGBT people because they're in favor of
uh a religion that would not a religion
but a a branch of the extremists who
would be in favor of
that should be a way to to uh to mock
that more
effectively because I just don't see
that the the social signaling people who
are were protesting would be okay with
it if they understood it they couldn't
possibly understand it am I right they
couldn't possibly be aware of what
they're doing which would not be you
know that
unusual all right um in case you're
wondering if the election will be rigged
or attempted to be rigged that will be
answered with this um so it looks like
they're going to have their first debate
the commission on presidential debates
the first debate with Biden Trump will
be September
16th September
16th did you know that that's after
voting starts in a lot of places they
have mailin ballots they're going to
have the first debate the first debate
after voting's already
started
now don't you think that the debates are
likely to go in favor of trump
don't don't we all expect that you know
given Biden's degraded
situation and if you have the first
debate after the voting
starts to me that's in the category of
not even
trying you know what I mean that doesn't
look like you were trying to have any
kind of a fair process I mean how hard
is it to have the argument before the
voting no to schedule that no nobody
could figure out how how to make that
work looks like we looks like our
comments stopped working let me see if I
can get the comments working
again I'm just going to reopen my
app this should
work yep that worked all right comments
are back on locals
yeah I mean if Biden uses the
teleprompter in the
debates that'd be funny anyway so the
very first thing looks rigged to
me um and even though the commission I
assume the commission has Republicans on
it too but how do they agree to
this well I was watching a uh a podcast
by Chris Cuomo yesterday and uh here's
what I'm going to say about Chris Cuomo
if you saw him on CNN and what you know
of him is his CNN show that he got
canned
from you don't know who he is because I
think on CNN he was you know sort of
playing the CNN
employee but I can tell you that when he
is
unscripted as he was in his podcast he
was just not interviewing anybody he was
just talking about his
opinions he he's the the best example
I've seen of someone who does not
support Trump you know says that
directly but he doesn't have TDS
either it was actually fascinating to
watch somebody who clearly doesn't have
TDS and I'll give you the examples of
that in a moment but he has an argument
you know against Trump I mean I don't
think he's a big Biden supporter he just
is not a big fan of trump and here are
some of the things he said he said and
I'm going to paraphrase he didn't use
these words but the stormmy Daniels
payment case total
 yeah yeah Chris gu said no that
case is just Vapors and air and
those are my words not his but he he
gives it no credibility
whatsoever and then the the case about
the uh inflated assets you know where
Trump said his assets were worth more to
get the bank loans Chris Cuomo says with
no no um caveats no ifs or buts complete
 that all Trump was doing was
normal stuff there were no victims that
case was
laware now were you aware of that that
there's somebody who you would identify
as you know a Democrat I guess and is
completely objective about the fact that
these cases are just lawfare and they're
just
 it was pretty refreshing there
was there was nothing in his
presentation and you could you could see
him you know giving uh air to both sides
of the
conversation and I was really
impressed so I'm going to give you a
unqualified
endorsement that if you want to hear
what like an honest person sounds like
talking about politics I recommend him
his
podcast uh very recommended I in fact I
can't even think of another person
besides dtz dtz is a special case
because he talks about the law not just
the politics but it's the first time
I've seen somebody who clearly didn't
have any Trump derangement syndrome
clearly did not and yet he made a case
fascinating I recommend
it um Trump did his uh trumpy thing
about the story about him falling asleep
in court and here's his statement on it
now I'm just going to read it in his own
words
and you tell me is there any other
politician of any period past or current
who could have done this this is how he
deals with your falling asleep in court
and I quote contrary to the fake news
media I don't fall asleep during the
Crooked DA's Witch Hunt especially not
today I simply close my beautiful blue
eyes sometimes listen intensely and take
it all in
nobody else can do
that that that is
unmatchable right there that is
unmatchable nobody else can do that he
just turned it into a
joke and it worked you know that's
it and it's not even a joke per se it's
more like his brand is so distinct that
when he does things in character that
alone is entertaining because it's like
Trump being in character it's Trump
being Trump that's the show I want the
show I want to watch is Trump being
Trump all day just just go be you do
your Trump stuff and here's some Trump
stuff beautiful it's just
perfect well let me uh here's a mini
theme for today that everything's going
Trump's way especially the Rasmus and
pole um here's another example so I
guess uh Alvin Bragg's former prosecutor
this guy Mark pomerance is being asked
by Congress about his role because
they're suspicious that the republicans
in Congress are suspicious that the
lawfare against Trump is trumped up and
so the Manhattan da Alvin Braggs former
prosecutor uh was asked during the
Congressional investigation the
following question quote did you
knowingly break any laws when invest
tigating president Trump answer I plead
the
fifth question did you violate anyone's
constitutional rights while
investigating Trump
answer I plead the
fifth Etc and he
continued
now that feels guilty to
me to me that sounds like somebody who
knows
knows that there could be
evidence uh from some other source
besides him that he broke some laws and
that he violated the
Constitution because otherwise you would
say without any reservations I did not
break the law and I did not violate the
constitution now the only reason you
would take the fifth in a remember this
is not a court this is just Congress but
he's under oath
he doesn't want to compound his crimes
presumably I don't want to be a mind
reader but the impression it leaves I'll
just say it that way because I don't
know what he's thinking I'll just say
the impression it leaves is that uh he's
guilty as hell and doesn't want to
compound it by also lying to Congress
because if later it's proven that he did
know he was doing a crime you know
there's a memo where he said something
like well this is Criminal and then he
did it anyway if something like that
exists then he would be guilty of those
crimes but then he would also be guilty
of lying about it to Congress so to
minimize his risk he can't even say he
didn't violate the constitution and he
can't even say he didn't violate the
law this is exactly what it looks
like now it could be I'm going to give
him a little bit of cover it could be
just standard lawyering it could be that
you never give anybody anything and then
they don't have anything to work with so
it could be that there's nothing there
but he doesn't want to create something
out of nothing with a quote so he just
doesn't provide them any quotes it just
you know takes the energy out of
it but I would say that the way it will
be perceived politically is that it's
exactly what it looks like that he uh
knowingly broke laws when investigating
president Trump we don't know that we
just know that his answer signals
that could be misleading
though well here's some other things
that could help Trump Paul ther is
reporting got a long story on this I I
couldn't get all the details because
these stories tend to get complicated
but it's about uh there used to be this
Hamilton 68 dashboard which was a
Democrat plan to make it look like a
bunch of people were talking to
Russians so and it was fake so the
Hamilton 68 thing we know now was a fake
attempt to find a way that looked
official so that you could blame uh
Trump Associates for talking to Russians
it was all fake and we we know that now
the evidence is uncontroverted Inc
controversal
so let's see the new new news is that
there's a
whistleblower that that was part of some
called something called new knowledge
that was a group and uh and that they
knowingly created disinformation for the
election and that their job was to
create real information and get rid of
disinformation but the Whistleblower
soon found out that their real job
legitimately and directly was was to
create
disinformation now
unfortunately this whole story about
this Hamilton 68 thing is not only a
little bit
aged because it's several years ago but
it's also complicated because there are
too many entities
involved but the bottom line is that
your your government and the well the
Democrats um created a whole structure
not just this Hamilton 68 but a gigantic
massive structure of people who are
supposed to get rid of disin information
whose real job was the opposite to
create disinformation so they could win
elections it's exactly what it looked
like yeah but and I say it again our our
form of government is a criminal
Enterprise the the I find it laughable
that we're some kind of republic or
Democratic Republic or Federation of
Democratic states Republic or anything
we are just a criminal Enterprise period
And I say it again again it might be the
best form of government because whenever
a democracy gets formed and it's
capitalist I think it ends up being the
money people control the information and
control the country and then it's just a
criminal organization after
that
so the the best argument that the
marxists could have is that all
capitalist turns into a criminal
organization you know why they can't say
that
because the Democrats are in
charge so their own party the ones that
the protesters presumably would vote for
if they voted their own party would be
an example of the criminals running the
country so got to be careful about that
so yes we are in a disinformation major
major Democrat disinformation
environment and I'll ask you this
question are you aware of any even
accusation against Republican
of having an organized funded attempt
for
disinformation is there any stories I'm
missing that would tell me this happens
on both sides because I've only seen it
on one now not to say there's no
disinformation on the right there is
there's plenty there's disinformation
everywhere but when I see disinformation
from Republicans or from the right in
general it always seems like it's
honest meaning that somebody actually
believed it and then other people came
to believe it too that's completely
different than a funded organization
whose mission is it to create
disinformation and get you to believe it
very very different now why is it that
you suppose Democrats have to create
disinformation and Republicans don't let
me let me give you a simple explanation
for that here's a republican trying to
explain their policy
well uh we like freedom of speech
because it's the most important thing
that underlines every everything we do
was that hard to understand it was not
you totally understand that uh we like
capitalism because if you remove the
incentives then even though it sounds
good everything falls apart and nobody's
ever made it work unless there were
incentives do you understand that yes
you do easy to understand is any
disinformation needed
to sell capitalism not
really right so the Republicans can sell
their programs without any
disinformation the you know there's
agreement disagreement about the whether
uh a fetus is a baby or a you know or
not a baby yet I guess but those are
also transparent
disagreements nobody's trying to
disinform anybody it's just somebody has
an opinion that's a baby and somebody
has an opinion it's not one
that's it but why do the Democrats from
top to bottom think they need to create
disinformation not just entities but an
entire massive structure of
disinformation why would that be there's
only one
reason their policies and their ideas
don't stand up to
scrutiny there is no other reason if the
 they said made sense they wouldn't
need to battle any disinformation which
is really just creating their own
disinformation all they would do is just
give their
argument all you would do is say we
think this is a good idea here's our
reason why but it all comes out sounding
like Marxism which doesn't have an
argument that even anybody offers as far
as I can tell you a criticism of
capitalism is not a
plan it's just agreeing with everybody
who looks at capitalism yeah that's a
problem yeah yeah those CEO CEOs do get
paid too much uhuh okay it's not a plan
it's a nothing so the reason that they
need disinformation is they don't have
anything to
sell imagine trying to sell
Dei you can't sell that to
voters no voters would not vote for Dei
but do you know you can get it in
corporations by threatening them you can
just put on you know the threats oh
you're racist unless you have a Dei
group all right we'll get one right so
you can squeeze a
corporation but you wouldn't be able to
squeeze the voters that way so if so if
let's say you made a law that you know
every every company had to have
Dei voters wouldn't vote for that
because the argument wouldn't be
presented what's the argument we want to
discriminated against white
men they're not going to vote for that
so disinformation is the only way you
can sell terrible ideas and it's exactly
what it looks like it's a whole bunch of
terrible ideas that can't be sold so
they have to create a disinformation
network all right uh employment isn't as
good as it was so hiring pulled back
that's bad for Biden unemployment edged
up 3.9% that's bad for Biden and uh
here's a big surprise you won't believe
this can you believe that the February
and March employment numbers which were
so good in retrospect got
revised has that ever happened before
has there ever been a a government
statistic that came out looking great
but then later when you weren't paying
attention they revised it
downwards yep they just revised the
February and March numbers 22,000 lower
in terms of jobs
added have you ever seen it revise the
other direction
everything is
misinformation why did the Biden
Administration need to lie to you about
the number of jobs and then carefully
walk it back when you're not paying
attention because if they told you the
truth you wouldn't like
it it's all the same story the Democrats
can't do the truth because it doesn't
work it just doesn't work and they're
obviously aware of it it' be one thing
if they didn't know like what if they
were just dumb and they just thought
they had good arguments but they didn't
know they were bad arguments well they
wouldn't act like this the way they act
is that they're completely aware that
they don't have any
arguments and I say it again it's real
easy for Republicans to make arguments
because they make sense they say stuff
like well the family unit is your you
know your best unit and all the data
suggest is true well what are you going
to say about
that are you going to argue against that
being true all the data suggests is true
so if you don't have any data and and
not even any logic on your side you got
to have a gigantic disinformation
machine which his first job is to tell
you it's an information machine so the
first job of every disinformation is to
convince you it's an information
all right um apparently the phrase bomic
is uh going to go away because nobody
likes it Galla pole said that uh their
top kitchen table concern was
inflation so Biden inflation is getting
more play than
bomic and uh Trump is going to make sure
that you know that inflation is a tax
he's right about that by the way
inflation is a secret tax
now but not in not in just a metaphor
kind of way it's an actual tax not not
in an analogy way or remind you of a tax
if the government spends money they can
pay for it one of two ways they can tax
you and then it's called a tax or they
can borrow it and then you're on the
hook for paying it later that's called a
tax it's it's both a tax and and if they
if they use inflation to inflate it down
so that they can afford to pay it back
well the inflation is the
tax but anytime they take money you know
that they're going to have to pay it
back somehow so yeah it's just tax so
Trump is 100% right you can call
inflation a Biden tax that that is is
right on the
nose uh Congress the Republicans of
course are calling in the NPR CEO to
testify over allegations of all their
left-wing
bias NPR is an example of one of the
disinformation entities that knows it is
a disinformation entity and is funded by
the government now the government should
not fund NPR to be a disinformation
entity to work against the interests of
the taxpayers in fact the government
should put them out of business for the
benefit of the taxpayers you shouldn't
pay them to the taxpayers because
that's what they're doing I'm paying my
taxes some of that's going to NPR and
NPR is lying to me
intentionally intentionally I mean you
could call it bias but it's just
lying all right
um um General
Flynn who's a new film is out I haven't
seen it yet but uh I did buy it so I'm
going to watch it probably this
weekend um but he predicts that the
Biden Administration is planning some
kind of National Emergency ahead of the
2024
election um and he says he's hearing
he's hearing rumors of it so he he's
better connected than we are
so is it
true well it's something to worry about
and it would be uh it would be in
character it might be a little bit too
on the
nose but it's certainly within the
strike zone and The Sweet Spot of things
that we've seen our government do before
if you believe that the CIA killed JFK
and I do or at least they were part of
the planning um it would not be
surprising to see them do some like
insanely audacious thing of jinning up
an emergency so they can influence the
elections but totally within the realm
now what's your best
defense well I would listen to a
military General who had been trained in
all of the ways of War which presumably
include information Warfare do what he's
doing he's calling it out before it
happens that's your best play so that
when it does happen we can all say there
it is and treat it as the fake it will
be so
just remember to tell everybody you know
that you're expecting uh the Biden
Administration to do a National
Emergency to influence the elections if
it doesn't happen you'll be called a
conspiracy theorist you could live with
that if it does happen you can say uhh
uh we told you this is the fake one and
then we have a much better chance of
seeing it in its proper
context so Flynn is is modeling what you
should be doing which is
getting ahead of it and even if it's not
real just put down some suppressive fire
right that's what he's doing he's this
is suppressive fire so remember he knows
strategy so I I watch him because I'm
looking for I'm looking for hints of how
I should be right because he presumably
he's smarter strategically than any of
us he should be right he should have
that specific training or wouldn't be a
general so watch
that all right Matt Walsh had a do had a
opinion piece on this anti-Semitism
awareness act which apparently got
passed by the house and is going to the
senate for a
vote and the idea is that um if you're
doing some anti-semitic speech that you
could be it could be illegal and you
could be in trouble now as Matt Walsh
points out there the def definition of
what would be anti-Semitism is not in
the law but the law refers to an
organization that would be sort of the
source of determining whether it was
anti-semitic or not that source is not
an American Source it's somebody called
the Holocaust
Alliance so a non-american group would
be in charge of saying what was
anti-semitic what kind of what kind of
uh uh message so if let's say for
example you doubted some element of the
Holocaust maybe you didn't doubt the
whole Holocaust but you like let's say
you had some some uh suspicion about
some part of it if this group said
that's anti-semitic then you would be in
violation of the law and presumably you
could be
jailed was it would this be a jailable
offense does anybody
know so now uh take my situation shall
we are you aware that the ADL uh said in
public publicly accus me of being a
holocaust
denier the
ADL accused me of being a holocaust
denier now if this foreign group The
Holocaust Alliance Group if they said
that if you're a holocaust denier you've
broken this
law then I go to jail because the ADL
accused me of something that didn't
happen and somebody else can Define that
as good enough for me to go to
jail do you know what I think about
this I want to know the full list of
what I'm not supposed to say and
I'm going to say everything on that
 list every day tell me give me
the list give me the list of
what I'm not supposed to say about
Israel about what I'm not supposed to
say about Jews and you make that illegal
I'm GNA say it every day and I
am
anti-israel period I am
anti-israel because the ADL I know is
the ADL doesn't work for Israel but if
Israel doesn't shut their dog
down which is the ADL their little
attack dog they can shut them down
tomorrow shut them the down I can't
have the ADL and this law at the same
time time I cannot have the ADL in
business accusing people of being
Holocaust deniers with this particular
system Israel Israel the
ADL I love the Jews let let me be quite
clear about that I love the Jews I love
the Jewish people love Israelis Love
American Jews this can't stand if you
want to make me hate the people
you want me to like keep doing this keep
telling me you're going to put me in
 jail for my opinion in this case
an opinion I didn't even
hold you
 and by the way if somebody
votes for this I need the whole list of
anybody in sen in the Senate who votes
for this I want to know if there's any
 Republican who votes for this if
you're a republican in the Senate and
you vote for this you're my
enemy I will try to do everything I can
to get you out of office
I will I will defame you in every
 way I can figure out how to do
it I will figure out who your opponents
are and I'll help fund them I will vote
for a Democrat over you if you're a
Republican and you let this get passed
 you you're dead to me you're dead
to me you are my enemy mortal enemy and
by the way I'm fighting to stay in a
jail you don't think I'm going to put
some energy into this you every one
of you now this law if this becomes a
law I'm not going to act the same all
right so just make it clear I'd like to
see Israel come out against this law now
it's none of their business because it's
an American law but I'd love to see them
say you know we don't love seeing the
first amendment being eroded in the
United States don't love it I love to
see that I love to see Israel say you
know this is sort of dangerous because
the ADL doesn't work CR us but they do
like to blame people for being
anti-semitic and uh you're kind of
creating a situation here that's
suboptimal for your own
benefit I'd love to see that but no
don't ask me to uh back Israel don't ask
me to support him don't ask me to do
anything don't ask me for anything all
right if you're going to if you're going
to set me up as your next sacrificial
victim and this looks like just a setup
I mean I mean don't be a idiot
Republicans don't be if the only
reason you're voting for this is you're
afraid of the Jews well you got you can
have a new thing to be afraid of because
I'm going to be way worse than the
Jews I I I don't know who it is you
think you're you're protecting but I'm
going to make sure I'm worse than
that uh no This Is War yeah this is a
personal attack this is not politics
this is me personally being threatened
with jail for something I haven't done
so no there's no limit to what I'm going
to do legally of course I won't break
any laws but there's no limit how much
energy I'm going to put into
anybody who's in favor of
this so anyway there's
that meanwhile a new poll says that uh a
new ABC News ipsos poll says that uh
support in
America for Israel is dropping so nearly
4 and 10 Americans in new ABC News epod
poll say the United States is doing too
much to support Israel in its war with
Hamas now that was up from three and 10
so 40% of Americans say we're doing too
much to help Israel and I would say that
this new law although it's not directly
to help Israel is just one of the things
that will make people hate
Israel so if your if your idea is to
make people go from 4 and 10 to 6 and 10
10 this will do
it this law will do it yeah we don't
need a anti-Semitism law we need
to maybe do the maybe enforce the laws
we have because as far as I know there's
not one group that's the one that gets
the hate speech you know if you're going
to give me an anti-Semitism law before
you give an anti-white man law CU white
white men are getting knocked around too
and you're just going to pick one group
and you're going to you're going to make
them the special ones and and they're
special language you can't use against
the one group no absolutely
not yeah you're going to lose
everything all right Columbia Law
School uh the Columbia Law School review
admin board uh of student editors
they're asking the school to cancel
exams because uh and give these students
all passing grades because the students
were irrevocably irrevocably shaken and
quote unable to focus and highly uh
emotional during the tumultous
times um and they also blamed white
supremacist and Neo fascist hate groups
in part for their problems that's right
it was the white supremacist who caused
them
to protests or
something it's like they have have to
throw in white supremacist to every
every uh complaint and uh the white
supremacist too uh we haven't found any
but we're pretty sure that Patriot
front there there are so few white
supremacist that the government had to
actually create a fake
group really I mean that's what it looks
like it looks like our government
created a fake hate group called The
Patriot front because they couldn't find
any real ones and their entire message
was about all the real ones being the
problem I think that's what happened am
I wrong you you don't think that our
government or some some members of it
created a fake white supremacist group
because they couldn't find a real one
that did happen I I'm pretty sure that's
really what
happened anyway um anybody who gets
their law degree from the Columbia Law
School
in this environment is going to have
to deal with the fact that they just
spend a quarter of a million dollars and
they got a Hamas degree because it's
going to look like you got the Hamas
degree hey uh applicant from
Harvard so you got that Hamas degree no
Harvard okay what year did you graduate
2024 so it's a homas degree it's
Harvard I watched the news
seems like a Hamas degree to me you
they're going to have a lot to
explain anyway ladies and
gentlemen uh that is my show for
today um let's watch that uh
anti-Semitism bill in the Senate when
are they going to when are they going to
debate that does anybody know because I
really need the names of anybody who
votes for
that if you're a Republican and you vote
for that thing
you you've got a you know you've got a
political you know self-destruct button
right on
you all right
um yeah Lamas University
degree all right ladies and gentlemen
I'm going to try to talk to the locals
people separately um thanks for joining
on X and on YouTube I Rumble might stay
with us so we got a new Option here so
we're going to see what happens but see
you tomorrow same time same place and uh
thanks for
joining
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for