I'm
back yeah you can't get enough of me
today or I can't get enough of myself
one of those two things is definitely
true and I've already moved to tea I've
had enough coffee but man I keep
toasting all day it's toasting toasting
toasting so I've got some updates on
this whole mull report thing um my
prediction was that the world would
divide into two movies and everybody
would see what they want I just turned
off Chris Cuomo saying that it's
absolutely proven that it was not a
Witch Hunt the one thing Chris Cuomo
says You must acknowledge is that now
there's no question about it this was no
Witch
Hunt
well wasn't it
wasn't
it yeah I I get that there were people
who took some
meetings but once you've looked at it
all and you find no crimes from the
president or anybody really close to him
that that
mattered from the president's
perspective from his personal
perspective it was a Witch Hunt I don't
think you get to say well what about
Papadopoulos what about Paul manord
doing completely unrelated things wait a
minute wait a
minute I think you're forgetting Paul
maner doing completely unrelated things
how about that are you forgetting that
in your wi wi
stupid read the mull report it is
full of damning evidence of all the
crimes he didn't commit the president
I'm talking about there are so many of
them now I know what you're
thinking
individually if you were to look at any
one of the things in the M
report it wouldn't mean anything
individually but if you add together all
of the things that don't mean
anything simple math tells you that 10
time 0 is
100 so there you
go
scene
so uh apparently the the anti-trumpers
are trying to cling to their last shred
of
sanity and the thing that I keep looking
at is the tone of
distress when the CNN folks are trying
to make their
points they look like they look
deranged uh the just the tone the the
way they they have stress in their voice
have you noticed it let me let me give
you two different versions first version
will be somebody simply reporting the
news well today Bill bar reported that
there was no collusion and no
obstruction there were a number of
things that Mueller looked at they
thought were worth looking at but when
he put it all together there was nothing
there see that would be a person who
does not have a Mental Health crisis now
let me do everybody on
CNN but do you see there was definitely
no Witch Hunt this this was no Witch
Hunt it wasn't wasn't there were so many
bad things president did in there he
talked to people he said things he
considered things he considered things
are you telling me that it doesn't count
that he considered things h
oh let me get my sarcastic face
on oh so you say there's nothing in the
Muller report did you forget that Sarah
Sanders once said something at a press
conference that later she said wasn't
exactly accurate come on that should
have been jail time right there jail
[Music]
scene
so yeah I was I just turned off Chris
guomo and they're agitated and they're
angry that other people are
suggesting that there wasn't something
here
but the president may have in fact tried
to obstruct a Witch Hunt and the
president was the only person who knew
for sure
no doubt about it because the president
knew what he did or didn't do no one
else in the world could be sure but the
president could be sure he knew what he
did and he knew what he didn't do so he
he there was no chance that he was
obstructing justice because he had
knowledge that no one else had which is
there was no justice to be obstructed
that at least from his own perspective
he hadn't done anything now if you say
oh Scott you're forgetting all of those
minor players who lied to investigators
and what about that meeting blah blah
blah what's what's your best point give
me your laundry list and I'll tell you
let's take your best point on the
laundry list what's your strongest point
in that Muller report just pick one pick
your very worst thing it's nothing
everything else is less important than
that here's my favorite one from
today so apparently began quit the
president's lawyer
quit
because he quit because uh Trump asked
them to
fire Comey I don't know it doesn't
matter for for one point it doesn't
matter what he asked him to do but the
story is that bar didn't want to do what
the president wanted him to do because
it probably would have crossed the line
into obstruction of justice so bar uh
offered to
quit now when the public looks at a
story like this they see it completely
differently than rich people see
it let me tell you how rich people see
the same story all right and I'm going
to speak as an official rich person who
has had lots of lawyer contact lots lots
of lawyer
contact uh for every all manner of
things from you know legal problems to
not my own as it turns out but uh
all kinds of things and I can tell you I
have personally had lawyers threatened
to
quit and by by threaten to quit I mean
that they would say in clear terms the
thing you're
suggesting I could not possibly be part
of because it would be illegal and I
don't want to be involved in an illegal
thing so what did I do when my law
lawyers said I will quit if you need to
do that because I can't be part of that
I said okay now I understand I
understand you know the level of gravity
I understand that this is a hard stop
now here's another thing the poor people
who don't work with lawyers a lot don't
understand your lawyer works for you and
is generally more cautious than you are
so that the process of working with a
lawyer about anything complicated is
you're pushing your lawyer all the time
because the lawyer is trying to make
sure that there's zero chance of risk
but the business person or the
politician is not only concerned with
legal risk they're they're concerned
with everything from their brand to the
politics of it to how it looks to you
know the the business end of it Etc so
if you're not pushing your lawyer all
the time to get them off their position
you haven't figured out how to deal with
a lawyer if you take your lawyer's
advice and just go boom okay lawyer said
I guess that's what I'll do sometimes it
makes perfect sense to do that sometimes
the lawyer will tell you something
you'll say well I don't have a feeling
about this one way or another of course
I'll do what the lawyer says I don't
have a better idea but there are all
kinds of situations and I've bet in a
lot of them where the lawyer says you
only want to go this
far because this is where your risk is
the lowest and I say great I understand
what you're saying I completely get what
you're saying and now we're going to go
this far and the law and the lawyer says
just remember I told you but I I
acknowledge that there are other factors
besides the legal risk there's also the
business upside Etc right I would like
to stress that I've never broken the law
in terms of working with my lawyer
because the lawyer never lets that
happen that's what they do and if they
haveen to threaten to
quit sometimes that's the only thing
that can make you stop pushing them
because you don't want to have to go get
another lawyer so threatening to quit if
you're a lawyer and you're dealing with
a rich person and it's a big complicated
situation as this this situation
was um it's very routine it's very
routine for a lawyer to quit or threaten
to quit it's It's Not Unusual in that
world
by the way the the way that we know that
we're living in a simulation is that the
same characters get reused you know if
you're watching a movie you say oh
there's my favorite actor in that movie
but then you could watch another movie
no that's the same actor same actor was
in that other movie but you're okay with
that because you know it's
fiction but every time we watch one of
these legal situations Michael avanatti
getss involved apparently he was trying
to get involved in the Jessy smallet
case too to uh represent the two
brothers and I think this must be some
kind of
simulation because we would have more
characters don't you think we would have
more characters in our plays if it were
real I mean there were six billion
people you you could throw in a new
lawyer every now and then it doesn't
have to be I mean even Bill bar is sort
of a rerun you know Donald Trump was
already famous like it's they just the
simulation is just reusing characters
you know what would happen if a
cartoonist that you do as a Cartoonist
suddenly starts talking about politics
well it's because you're in a simulation
the simulation only has a you know a
certain number of characters and the
rest are just NPCs so you have to reuse
the real characters so you don't have to
program a gazillion people sorry I
didn't mean to get off the subject um
one of the questions that I have about
about this Muller stuff is there some
suggestion that the president's tweets
could have been interpreted as
obstruction of
justice to which I say I'm no
lawyer but you can't tell me that a
tweet in public from the president could
ever be obstruction of justice all right
now again I'm no lawyer so if Ellen dtz
tells me tomorrow oh yeah could totally
be obstruction of justice I'll just
change my mind to whatever he says but I
can't believe that in a world where you
can give your your feelings on in social
media you can give your
opinions you can even lie on social
media you can do anything except I
suppose you know whatever would be the
you know specific kinds of problems like
uh you know defaming somebody or
something like
that or making you know product claims
that aren't real I suppose you could
find some things that are illegal but I
can't imagine that saying you think
something's a Witch Hunt or somebody
should get fired or or even talking
about the possibility of
Pardons as long as you're saying it in
public how in the world could that be
obstruction of
justice he's saying it in public and
pardons exist everybody was talking
about it well is the president the only
person who can't talk about pardons
literally everybody was talking about
pardons at least you know the concept of
it so I can't in any way imagine that
the law would ever come down on the side
that a president tweeting in public his
opinion or his feelings could ever be
anything but free speech I just can't
say it but I could also have my mind
changed in about a second and a half if
alers Choice disagrees with
me um somebody said he absolutely can
obstruct Justice in public well you'd
have to give me a an example that would
be relevant to this case right I could
imagine some different
case where maybe that's possible
situation I haven't thought of but for
this
situation I don't I don't see that the
Supreme Court would ever go down on the
side of that
um well you can't obstruct Justice
technically if there's no
crime but the the uh reality of anybody
getting the reality of a
president being convicted for that when
you could see that he was trying to get
past it so he could do his job as
president for the people the odds of
getting um the the odds of uh getting
prosecuted for that are about
zero
um Flyn pardon yeah it seems like it
does seem to me that the a Flyn pardon
is likely so I would say more likely
than not you'll see a Flyn
pardon here uh so some of you might be
aware
of I had this weird situation on the
internet and I'm not going to name the
person involved but let's just say
there's a an internet
personality who believed for much of
yesterday it was the day before he
believed that he and I were in some kind
of a a debate or having an argument
online and because he believed it was
happening it wasn't happening but since
he believed it
was uh he believed it was then people
pour down to to tell me that he had
destroyed me and um uh what was it he
flattened me in the comments to which I
said I'm in a conversation with him I
didn't even know we were talking about
anything and so masses of people came to
believe that we had had some kind of a
disagreement on facts and I don't even
know what they would be and that we had
had some kind of conflict and that
people were taking sides and then they
started attacking me and the whole time
I kept thinking who is he who is he I
don't even know who he
is I mean I know like his name but I
don't know anything about him or why I
care somebody somebody made a simple
comment about how his Periscope
statistics were hard to
explain and I said yeah some comment to
the effect of
that it's on likely and here's what was
unlikely the it was that I've got
880,000 followers on Periscope and I get
about 20,000 people watching each
Periscope uh so 80,000 people to get
about 20,000 people who watch each
Periscope this other person would get
about 5,000 viewers and still get 20,000
Watchers to which I said it looks
unlikely now I don't know what the
explanation is that and it could be that
there's a perfectly simple explanation
and and if there's a simple explanation
I'd say oh
okay but on the surface it just looks
unlikely that those
numbers could make
sense his response which he said quote
flattened me was he showed a screenshot
of the minutes the people are you are
watching his Periscope which wasn't even
the
topic so he responded with something
that was a completely different
topic and and declared Victory and then
I had to watch this huge mental health
outpouring of people who said yeah he
gotta you know take the loss Scott He
nailed you he just made an idiot of you
you know you might as well admit he just
flattened you and the whole time I was
saying oh I don't even think I'm in a
conversation
I don't even know what this is about I
talked about something and he talked
about something else and then declared
Victory so I guess I got owned I got
owned and then he and then he and then
he came up with the the weasel move that
ah it was all the clever trick Scott
don't you know that the real trick was
to get your followers over there and
then they would follow me and I picked
up
followers to which I thought well good
for
you I don't care good good for him if he
picked up some
followers so don't know who he is don't
know why I care I just know that he
imagined he was in some kind of a
conversation with me and he won he
totally won the imaginary contest that
we didn't have all
right um yeah so Nadler have you seen
the video I think scavino tweeted it out
and it showed Jerry Nadler uh the old
Jerry nler in the new one and uh I have
to give Jerry nler credit because um it
looked like in the 90s or whatever it
looked like he was seriously overweight
and now he's maybe half of the size he
probably weighs half of what he weighed
in the 90s so first thing is
congratulations good
job um but what I want to know is if he
lost half of his body weight
in that many years how long would we
have to wait before he's completely
gone so so far he's half
gone but I'm really looking forward to
the other half how long it takes him to
shrink down to nothing and and then
people will say where where's where's
old
nads does anybody see old nads no he
just sort of disappeared just shrunk
down um anyway I'm going to
go now and do some other things and I
will talk to you later