[Music]
but bumpin hey everybody it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams in the
simultaneous up why is this so important
you ask yourself well let me explain
have you ever noticed that when you were
in the bad mood everything seems to go
bad that day but if you're in a good
mood it seems like everything goes well
that day have you ever noticed that not
every single thing but it seems like
when you're in a good mood you have more
good things happen when you're in a bad
mood it looks like the universe is
conspiring against you I know you've
noticed that it's probably not a
coincidence it could be because reality
is subjective and you're actually
creating reality as you go we don't know
if that's true we don't know if you're
creating reality we don't know if maybe
it just seems that way but I can tell
you one thing if you start your day in a
good mood
chances are the rest of your day is
gonna be a lot better and one of the
ways to do that is to join me for the
simultaneous sip an unparalleled
pleasure probably the best way to start
the morning of all time all you need is
a cup or a mug or glass a chalasis stein
a tankard possibly a thermos maybe a
flask fill it with you afraid of liquid
I like coffee and joining me now for the
simultaneous and if you haven't learned
to do the AA part you should really get
on that because it really makes a
difference all right well I'm full of
good news today I'm probably going to do
more good news and bad news from now on
I'm gonna become your source of dopamine
that chemical that makes you feel good
all day so the first thing we should
know is that we're coming into the
summer news cycle how what is different
about these summer news cycle there's
not much news so we're going to be
entering the period where the news sort
of fries
there won't be necessarily I mean there
could be but chances are there's not a
lot happening over the summer last
summer was so slow by August the news
was so dead by August that the President
of the United States invited me and to
have a chat I'm not even making that up
yeah you know last August the news was
so slow you know Congress was off doing
their summer vacations or whatever that
literally the President of the United
States said no it's calling back calling
that Dilber guy and we'll chat for a
little while now he was talking to a lot
of people that summer I think he was
just using the time to shore up his his
base which was very smart but summer is
coming and there isn't a lot of bad news
for this president indeed the only news
that sort of brewing looks like it's
maybe more good news than bad news and
so the Democrats are probably just
having you know a cow right now so to
say can you have a cow under that
doesn't make sense I need to have a cow
there's that like giving birth to a cow
it makes no sense I think it's the same
anyway they're gonna desperately need
some bad news to give them something to
talk about for the summer it doesn't
look like it's going to be served up if
you look at the Middle East peace plan
that Jared is looking into there are two
possibilities one nothing good will come
of it which would be largely when
everybody would expect so that's not
really bad news that would be well we
tried again nothing happened but there
is something different about the Middle
East right now that we've never seen
before we have never seen a time in
history when the Middle East was as well
situated for peace some kind of a
comprehensive peace in which the
Palestinians and the Israelis and the
and the Iranians at minimum may
some kind of some kind of a deal and
what I mean by that is that everybody is
flexible in a way they had never been
before so you have the most flexible
group of countries more flexible than
they've ever been for different reasons
I'll talk about that at the same time
you probably have the strongest leaders
and the most I would say the most
flexible leaders the people who have the
most strength and flexibility at the
same time which is really really
something you don't want to lose I mean
the fact that Jared Kushner is trying to
make something happen I think he knows
that their main name they may never be a
better time here's why Saudi Arabia with
all of the issues that we know about
with to shogi and everything else has
still maintained a good relationship
with the United States at great
political cost to president Trump he
president Trump invested a lot of
political capital in keeping Saudi
Arabia in our friend circle even if
maybe they haven't earned it that's of
assets the president created an asset
had a nothing this is what he does
better than anything he creates
something out of nothing because that's
something that was Saudi Arabia really
really needs to redeem itself in the
Middle East redeem itself with the world
what could be a better way what could be
a better way than some kind of
comprehensive peace plan meanwhile other
big player the Iranians you know if Iran
is forced into some kind of a deal that
means that their proxies are also have
pressure to make a deal so if you get
around you probably make a lot of
progress with all the proxies maybe with
the Palestinians as well and it looks to
me like Iran the way they're talking and
the way they're acting is that they
realize they're giving
have to do something different to get a
different result than what they have
right now and what they have right now
is a bad situation their economy is
getting strangled in a way it's never
been strangled before we've never had
this level of economic pressure on them
and to the point where it could bring
down the regime in a year or two yes
they don't do anything yes they don't
make a big change they're probably gonna
fail in a year or two so time is not on
their side and that makes them flexible
now they tried flexing their military
muscle a little bit just to see if they
could change the variables and president
Trump quickly shut that down by sailing
much of our naval assets into the area
just to say maybe you should not do this
and it looks like the Iranians decided
maybe we shouldn't do this so I would
say Iran is more flexible than they've
ever been because there's more pressure
than there's ever been and they're
getting close to the total failure point
Saudi Arabia's got money influence etc
other countries in the region or have
worked with us before they've got money
they're probably getting flexible too
and then you've got Israel Israel is
coming from the point of strength right
now and if Netanyahu continues being
their leader he's got a great
relationship with with the president and
he's he's made at least peace gestures
towards the people of Iran and he seems
to be the right person the right set of
skills the right you know badass
personality to make a deal because it
helps that you're a hardliner if you're
trying to make peace cuz then the then
the threat of war is still credible and
everybody knows you're doing it from the
right reasons it's not because in a week
so I'm not going to go so far as to
predict that there will be Middle East
peace I think you'd have to be foolish
to make that prediction after you know a
zillion years of no peace
but I will say unambiguously we've never
had this set of variables
where everybody's flexible at the same
time for different reasons and we have
really strong leaders in all those
countries so even the Ayatollah no
matter what you think about he's a
strong leader and he can he could make
something happen if he needs to then
maybe he will not be the leader in a
year so things could change all right so
there's that then of course there's the
whole situation with Bill Barra looking
into the looking into the what was the
origins of the Russia investigation
certainly there will be no good news
coming into that for Democrats we don't
know what will come in it but it's not
going to be good news for Democrats so
they've got a tough tough summer coming
up it's it looks like it's going to be a
summer of unparalleled economic success
may be something positive looking in the
Middle East Kim jong-un remains remains
friends with President Trump apparently
and by the way people have joked about
this but it's it's not really a joke
when Kim jong-un started insulting John
Bolton he was pacing most of the
electorate in the United States it was
one of those weird situations in which
everybody came together but we didn't
see it coming when Kim jong-un said that
what did he call Bolton he called
national security so North Korea's
government called National Security
Advisor John Bolton quote a war monger
and quote a defective human product and
most of the people in the United States
saw that and they said yeah that's it's
not too far off you know I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna put up a canter to that
argument at the moment he's John Bolton
is somebody that largely the people on
both the right and the left are pretty
we're wary of him I will go oh
even further and say if we did not have
a president Trump to make sure that
Bolton's instincts you know have some
kind of a counter and it's it's a
superior counter if we didn't have that
I don't know if I would talk about
anything else except getting rid of him
like nothing would be more important to
the well-being of the world and the
country then removing John Bolton from
office if if you didn't have a president
Trump who I think is a reliable you know
counter to Mia's impulses you put them
together and they're actually a really
strong team the this has been said many
times but it has to be said again Bolton
is the bad cop and he does create a
useful asset that the president has
skillfully used to say well you know
it'd be good to be friends with me
because I can make good things happen I
can help your economy I can avoid war I
can do everything you want I have
everything you want and I'm willing to
help you with it but if that doesn't
work out
have you met John Bolton because he's
got some ideas that you might not like
so much so they're a great team but when
kid kim jongwan insults bolton most of
the united states says well finally
we're on the same page with this now
bolton does have his supporters so i
don't want to exaggerate that but it is
humorous that the worst thing happening
with North Korea right now think about
it the worst thing happening with North
Korea in the United States is the
president president Trump is having fun
with it you know he's joking about Joe
Biden people in the United States are
saying well if Kim jong-un is just
insulting John Bolton Kim jong-un is
he's not done yeah at least at least he
thinks like we do on some things so
that's pretty funny all right I talked
about I did a special periscope
yesterday have to do that you listed
about Trump's Trump's hilarious tweet in
which he said I was actually sticking up
for sleepy Joe Biden while on foreign
soil
kim jeong-hoon called him a quote low IQ
idiot and many other things
whereas I related the court of Chairman
Kim as a much softer quote low IQ
individual who could possibly be upset
with that now do you remember a couple
years ago when people were saying it was
popular for people to say I hope this
behavior doesn't become normalized don't
normalize this behavior this president
cannot be normalized whatever you do
don't normalize them and I look at this
quote and I think aren't you glad this
got normalized I mean seriously
can you tell me you're not happy that
this got normalized this is funny it's
fun it doesn't hurt anybody it's just
good clean fun and and the fact that
President Trump brought it is by Kim
jong-un and as part of the joke just
makes it funnier and you know Kim Jordan
probably saw this and said okay that's
pretty funny don't you don't you think
kim jagran saw this and said okay well
there's two things we agree on Jon
Bolton's kind of a wild card and Joe
Biden's kind of a low Q individual so
it's probably the healthiest maybe the
healthiest sign you could ever say is
that Trump and Kim Jong are sort of
joking about Joe Biden there's no way
that's bad you could try to turn that
into something bad but it is not it is
whatever the opposite of war if you were
to make a continuum where you know
there's good stuff on this side and all
the way to it war on the on this side
we're as far away from war as you can
get when you're making jokes jokes are a
good place to be all right there was a
huge thing that happened recently that
the news will not recognize as anything
it will be completely it will never be
news you'll never be a headline
and might possibly be and I feel this
strongly by the way one of the most
important things happening in the world
right now and I might be biased because
some of you remember I guess a few years
ago I had teased on social media that I
had an idea
that could change the world and I was
willing to sell that idea I did as an
experiment to see if anybody would fund
a company based on an idea and I
actually got a company to say yes and
send me they sent me a contract and said
yeah that idea is so good
that we will actually give you a
percentage of the company just for the
idea and some internal changes happen at
the company and they ended up not being
able to complete the contract which was
independent of whether it was a good
idea so I had an idea that I thought
would change the world
a company was willing to fund it and and
I didn't even have to do anything which
was very unusual because that's not a
normal situation people don't pay for
ideas that just doesn't happen nobody
pays for an idea unless it's such a good
idea here's the idea Y Combinator which
is probably the most prestigious startup
incubator in the country maybe the world
you announced that one of their
companies raised monies it's called out
schooler o UT schooler one word out of
schooler they got investments and what
they are they describe themselves as
quote the Netflix of education online
the Netflix of online education what
that means is exactly the idea that I
tried to sell unsuccessfully to this
company and that idea is to have a
marketplace where anybody can create a
class just like Netflix is a marketplace
where anybody can create a movie and if
they make a good movie Netflix will
consider putting that on their platform
if you make a good TV show the Netflix
will put it under plot
and so they have done the thing that is
somebody saying udemy does that on on
making a stark difference between
classes that a company puts on a
platform versus a platform that lets
anybody put content there if they meet
certain requirements now I'm not an
expert on the other companies doing that
so there may be some other companies who
are already in the business which would
be all good news so the point is that
the education field had never been
subject to competitive to competition to
free market competition if you have a
platform the you own it you control who
the instructors are etc that's not
exactly a free market enough situation
but if you have something that's really
a Netflix for education then even I I
mean literally me I could make a class
so I can say to myself you know what you
know what kids were 14 through 18 need
to learn well they need to learn about
maybe systems over goals maybe they need
to learn about persuasion maybe they
need to learn how to write I could make
her class and that I could put it on
there and if people like my class I
could make money somebody's saying web
IQ is this so I'm not going to
necessarily say that yeah and and
YouTube could do this as well but as the
free market allows people to compete for
online here's the big thing here's the
big idea for all of this online training
has the potential to be so inexpensive
is effectively free we're very close to
the point where online education will
become good enough that people will
prefer it over going in person we're not
there yet right now going in person is
still up here doing it online is still
down here there are exceptions you know
they're played you know so certainly
there are bad bad in-person teachers and
good online things that might be better
but in general on average in person is
still better than online but these free
market
classes will allow people to compete
just like movies do and the quality of
the online is just going to keep going
up the quality of in-person education is
not going to get much better it's sort
of as good as it's going to be but
online will keep getting better because
these free market forces the moment it
crosses over the only thing missing is
the certifications the credibility the
the the part where you say I got a
degree and it means something that is
almost certainly going to change in the
next five to ten years maybe sooner and
all it requires is people with enough
credibility I always use Bill case as my
example because he works for lots of
examples if Bill Gates ever says
publicly here's the deal if you take
these specific classes online I will
award you the the Gates Foundation
[Music]
Bachelors of Education or whatever it is
whatever the classes the moment he does
that people are gonna say well that's
the thing that's the thing
Bill Gates looked into it he's credible
if he says this is a if he says this is
a college degree
that's college degree if Warren Buffett
says if you take these classes online
you have a degree in my opinion I will
give you the Warren Buffett college
degree certification that means
something now not everybody could do
that but people who have enough of a
credibility could certainly do that
could President Trump do that yes he
could
president Trump through the
administration not him personally yeah
let's let's not call it Trump University
that I guess that's the problem so
forget what I said about President Trump
let's make it a government certification
the government could say we're going to
certify college degrees online as
collections of classes
if they meet certain criteria and the
government could say here are the
criteria and anybody who meets it can
say I got the the government the
four-year degree what that whatever that
is all right somebody said America first
university hmm maybe but but the larger
point here is that you know when I say
that I've left a birdie which I often
say I say because I want all the things
he wants except as you can see it is
often the case that capitalism can get
you it can deliver or what socialism
promises so socialism promise use you
free education but it doesn't have to
get it capitalism doesn't promise you
anything but it might give you free
education in fact I will upgrade my
might to it will at this point there's
absolutely nothing good that will stop
this from happening because the free
market will give you increased quality
of online education it will cross over
in person education and it won't take
long three years maybe I'd say three to
five years and online education will be
functionally completely superior to
in-person but it may not have the
credibility until people start blessing
certain sets of classes but we're going
to get there so we have so free
education is going to happen free
college is going to happen nothing could
stop it birdie doesn't even have to do a
darn thing
he doesn't have to promise anything he
doesn't have to he doesn't have to get
out of bed in the morning birdie is
gonna get free college he just has to
wait that's three to five years all
right so that's the other good news
apparently Netflix is rethinking
speaking of Netflix to Netflix related
stories and you know one day the real
Netflix is thinking about rethinking
their thinking about rethinking their
investment in Georgia yeah under the
condition that these so-called hard
hard to beat bills about abortion get
past now they didn't say they pull out
they said they did rethink their
investment but what I predicted was that
these states that make abortion
impossible through whatever whatever
legislation or other means those states
will be so economically damaged that it
will limit how many states are willing
to do this so I do think some states
will become no abortion states that
seems likely but they will suffer
economically because companies will
decide not to go there and probably this
is my other prediction from long ago it
seems to me that apps will form sort of
like the GoFundMe apps in which somebody
can finance travel to another state to
get an abortion
so if several southern states make
abortion impossible or the clinics move
away because it's too hard to operate
there will be and the app I guarantee it
I don't know who's gonna make it but I
guarantee this will happen there will be
an app this says I need an abortion and
I'm in the wrong state what do I do and
you're going to find all the resources
for somebody to give you a ride you'll
find somebody to stay with somebody to
make sure that you're okay when you're
you're in this other state and a ride
back home they might even help you fund
it it's possible all right so some apps
will somebody somebody mentioned my
startups app when hub and I wasn't
thinking about that
when I mentioned this but when hub
allows you to talk to any expert about
anything
and one of those things you could do is
connect to somebody who could solve this
problem for you I'm not recommending it
that's that's not what the app was made
for but it's a general purpose happened
which any expert can talk to any person
for a fee or for free they don't have to
have a fee all right let me
let me talk about the Washington Post so
somebody associated with the Washington
Post one of their one of their central
players recently tweeted that although
President Trump is talking about Biden's
1994 crime bill and president Trump
cleverly said that Democrats can't vote
for somebody who was supportive that I
love the way he put it he didn't say
that's going to be a problem or that
works against you whatever he actually
said in direct language that that
african-americans can't vote for
somebody who was involved with that that
crime bill now of course they can but
let me well you put it in these let me
frame it this way many of you remember
that maybe a year ago or so I was having
conversations with black lives matter
leader Hawk Newsom and one of the things
I was telling him is that as long as
Democrats have all of the votes as long
as they have all of the votes of the
black population they don't have to
deliver anything and I also said that if
Republicans could deliver anything just
anything for the black population that
you would have developed a competitive
situation for the first time now let me
give incredible credit to Candice Owens
Candice Owens and you know I think
appointment you know more than a lot of
other people there lots of people were
involved with this but she seems to be
that the most effective voice for
letting people understand there's an
option to vote Republican if they are so
inclined so she's done the best job of
making that that competitive situation
and because the president was successful
with prison reform
he now has something specific to talk
about this as look Democrats couldn't
give me this I gave you this now there
are a few some other things he can talk
about
with unemployment and such but they seem
a little less direct unemployment seems
like well that's something you did for
white people just happened to be good
for black people too you know if if you
were inclined to think of things in
racist ways it would be easy to imagine
that that was an accomplishment it was
just something that happened but the
prison reform thing looks like a direct
act it looks like something that was
done that has a disproportionate benefit
for the african-american community and
nobody had to do it yeah I think he
would agree the president Truong could
have not done prison reform and his
supporters probably wouldn't care one
way or the other
would you agree that's largely the case
it wasn't something he did for the base
it was something he did for the country
because it made sense and because he
could that was it it made sense and he
could he could do it so he did it
exactly what you would like to see any
of your government it made sense so they
did it but that is created now a
competitive situation for the first time
it is obvious to the african-american
community and I think really for the
first time it's obvious that they can
they can completely control this
election that's a big statement but let
me say it again because it's true the
black community african-americans in
this unite in the United States citizens
they will determine or at least they
could determine it's up to them who the
next president is that's not a too
strong statement is it because you know
it's gonna be closest no matter what you
know that if enough for if enough of the
black vote goes Republican to maintain
this competitive situation where the
Republic where the Democrats really have
to offer something they haven't offered
anything Republicans have let's get some
competition let's see the Democrats
offer something that's so good that even
the Republicans have to agree let's see
the Republicans offer something that's
so good that even the Democrats have to
agree so congratulations
Candice owens larry elder all the folks
have worked with the president who have
tried to create this exact situation
this situation is as perfectly crafted
as you ever would want it to be you want
people to yeah and Kanye Kanye and yes
so Kanye and Kim Kardashian you have to
give them Kim Kardashian West you have
to give them all all kinds of credit
because they created a competitive
situation now I don't think that every
black person should vote Republican by
any means what I think is that they
should they should vote for whoever is
going to help them the most in their
opinion whatever wherever that takes
them but think about this situation
however how many years ago was it when
slavery was the law of the land or at
least popular in the south how many
years ago was that a few hundred years
ago and here we are in 2019 we're coming
off you know we came off eight years of
a african-american president and 160
people are giving me different different
numbers so a while ago both correct me
if I'm wrong the the black voters of
this country are going to decide the
next present is that wrong
is it wrong to say that the black voters
actually have control of the country
right now if they want it if they don't
want it they don't have it and you know
certainly when black voters decided hey
this Barack Obama guy looks kind of good
what we'd like to have a president who
looks like us did they not decide who
was the president could you not say
conclusively that Barack Obama was
elected because black the citizens
wanted him to be elected and of course
other people did too but I think that
was the deciding part and likewise with
this upcoming election
if black voters decided that they just
couldn't vote for Chompy you would have
a lot of trouble getting reelected if
they decide that some of them
want to vote for him he'll probably get
elected so I would say it's kind of down
to the black vote and they've created
this perfect competitive situation and I
hate to be the one who's got all the
good news but this is the golden age
this is the point where the black
population figured out how to guess
stuff now one of the things that hog
Newsom said that I can never get out of
my mind it's just it's just so smart in
terms of how to frame things he said
that if this country does something
that's good for the black community it
always helps the country and when you
first hear that you think well that
can't be that can't be true in every
case right but it's hard to find an
exception if you do things that are good
for the black population in this country
you you do end up doing things that are
good for everybody you know unless you
limit it somehow by race which we would
not do all right
so let's get to the fun part I made you
wait I wanted to tell you because people
have been asking me if social media is
going to put their finger on the scale
and social media is powerful enough that
they can essentially decide who will get
elected president you know they would
even have more power than
african-americans because everybody is
subject to the same persuasion right so
the social media could persuade black
voters one way or the other and they
would have a lot of influence over that
but what can you do about that so I want
to talk about that so don't leave
because I'm going to tell you what to do
if you're worried that social media is
going to determine the election you
might like this and you might not here's
my suggestion for all of you this is
what you can do not the government not
talking about what Trump does or it's
this administration and tell you what
tell you what you can do all right
here's what you can do don't get kicked
off of social media that's number one
don't get kicked off of social media you
know what you're doing when you're doing
something edgy you know when you've gone
too far you know when you're pushing the
boundaries don't
there's no there's no law that says you
have to push the boundary think about
any tweet that God could anybody kicked
off a social media think about it any
tweet that ever got somebody kicked off
of social media or even put in jail on
social media was that tweet important to
the person's life
never never the the the tweets that get
people kicked off of social media are
never important they're never important
they're just something that was over a
line so you gotta kick it off so don't
do that if you get temporarily kicked
off because you've got a bad tweet or a
bad post and all you have to do is
remove it remove it remove it right away
don't take your own power away all right
next grow your followers figure out how
to grow your following because then
you'll have more voice the more people
who follow you more the more influence
you have so do what you can to learn how
to grow your your user base and how to
participate effectively you should
follow each other to boost your signal
if you're following a number of voices
on the right and you would like even
more people on the right to have more
power follow some extra people figure
out who you think is influential and
then boost their signals by by yeah
let's get rid of this guy alright
and then next learn persuasion if you
haven't read in my book win Bakley you
should do it because social media can
have a big influence in terms of
decisions they make about what you see
but you can also have you can also have
the big influence by simply learning how
to be more persuasive so read my book
win big Lea followed my periscopes and
try out some of the techniques be visual
don't be obscene because the
her stuff gets gets more virality over
the next year I will teach you more tips
about how to be persuasive and that will
helps but here's the big one so this is
the one to remember I'm gonna be
modeling this going forward on social
media when Trump was first running for
for election it felt like those who were
supporting him were pirates it was like
he was the head pirate and he had a band
of pirates doing things that were edgy
and dangerous and sometimes could get
you kicked off of social media things
that were maybe on the the border of
ethical behavior some of it well beyond
that it was a pirate situation and then
he won is it appropriate to take your
pirate mentality to reelection when this
president is successful on all the you
know the normal ways that you want
success it's not so here's the
suggestion become nice it's really
powerful if people will support the
president simply block everybody who
makes a personal comment and never sees
that person again you can live first of
all a life of far less stress but you
will also take it to a higher level you
can be a level of maturity that will be
hard to fight against it's time to to
raise your game it's time to bring your
the way you talk about things it's it's
it's time to take your your persona
align your maturity it's time to take it
up a level and recognize that you won
you won you got your president right for
those of you who are Trump supporters
you want act like a winner you don't
need to act like a pirate anymore you
don't need to argue with their regional
I'm watching online as there's there's
one particular troll who's been
bothering all the people in my timeline
because they keep doing this loop where
you prove them wrong and then they go
back
to the original point that you proved
wrong before yeah her name is her name
is Emily I blocked her but I didn't
block all the people who were still
interacting with her so I keep seeing
their end of it
please block her I mean if any of you
who are dealing with this Emily troll
she's not a real citizen having a real
conversation she's not she is a troll
she's in it for whatever whatever
reaction she's getting don't give it to
her so from now on I'm going to
completely reverse my pattern online I
used to take a personal insult
and then insult them back and I'd be it
was fun you know mostly it was fun I did
it to practice I did it because people
would laugh at my replies etc but I'm
going to stop doing that as of today I'm
going to start giving people no second
chance so if somebody comes in with
their stupid laundry list oh but your
president is a big old racist and here's
the 10 things that I hallucinate he did
block because that person is not a real
voice that person is a person who's got
who's got an act they came to bother you
and they came to boost their own signal
because if you interact with the trolls
you're given them more visibility and
you're you're making their day you're
giving them exactly what they want don't
give them what they want just shut them
down you can you can completely shut
down you can completely shut down the
the effectiveness of the other side by
blocking them on the first offense so
from now on first offense if it's
personal so here are the rules
I don't block anybody for disagreeing
with what I said
I don't block anybody for saying oh
here's a link you didn't consider this
disagreement completely completely
acceptable and if I ever if I ever
violate that line I know that you'll
keep me honest all right but the
monitors personal don't wait for the
second thing
don't answer and don't wait for a second
insult removal just like that now the
other people I remove are the people who
they try to read my mind in public so
there are quite a few people who will
tweet and they'll include me ins tweets
and they'll say something like well
Scott will block you for having a people
like to say this Scott will block you
for proving him wrong online okay if you
say that I will block you because I
don't do that so anybody who tries to
read my mind and say in public what they
think I'm thinking you're always wrong
so I'm gonna block you instantly because
somebody like that doesn't ever go away
if you interact with them if you let
them go they'll just keep saying more of
this stuff so get rid of it all right
now at the same time if you are
successfully acting nice online
eventually that's going to become a
story because social media is doing
something for you that looks terrible
but might not work out as terrible as
you think what what the social media
platforms are doing are ahead of the
2020 election and maybe just because
it's ordinary business they're getting
rid of the most provocative voices on
social media they are doing both sides
alright you could argue that it's not
equal and and you know I'm sure that's
his argument worth having but the
Krassin Stein's have been banned who was
it who was the other guy who got banned
recently anyway the point is there are
bands on both sides I wouldn't worry too
much about the fact that there are more
conservatives being banned because if
the people being banned
farik obvious so fair account got banned
so what's happening is the the voices on
the right that are the ones that would
ruin your reputation are being knocked
off the system now woods is a special
case because he's not really banned all
he has to do is get rid of one tweet
that has no importance don't don't put
Jameson woods into the category of
real people who say things and get
banned is a different situation he could
be back the moment he gets rid of one
tweet there's knowing no importance so
that's a choice and likewise if you're
if you find yourself in the James Woods
situation where he in his opinion since
the thing he got banned for was a famous
quote and it was not really a call to
violence he's he's resting on principle
apparently I don't want to read his mind
but it looks like he's making a
principled stand that free speech is
free speech and it doesn't matter
there's somebody else reinterpreted it
wrong that's not the point so I
understand that point I accept it it's
credible it's you know it's real but if
you want to be effective I don't think
that's working so it's a principled
stand that I'll think works do you know
what would work staying on social media
and say things that are healthy and good
and persuasive that would help did what
did you what did James Woods do for you
alright when he's online he's a powerful
voice that as a you know we hope a
productive outcome when he allows
himself to be banned over a tweet that
has no importance to anybody in the
world is he helping you he's not he's
not helping you he's not he's not
changing anything he's not helping
himself he's just got a little vacation
from social media so don't be don't be
James Woods you know I I say again I'll
respect a principled stand and he seems
to be taking that so I do respect that
I'm just saying that it doesn't help
anything
does it's not effective it's not
effective at all all right so be nice on
social media block the trolls
immediately do not interact with them
don't let them put words in your your
mouth
so the other people I've I will delete
is if I get into a conversation online
and they say something along the lines
of you know you keep saying this and
this is why you're wrong
say yes they put words in my mouth you
can't fix that the people who say but
what you're really thinking you can't
fix that all right here's a little
lesson on persuasion that I'd like to
try it out because you might need to use
this one I started on this point and I'm
circling back to it so the Washington
Post I guess there might have been there
Washington bureau chief doesn't matter
how it was he tweeted that the president
is going to have problems criticizing
Biden for his 1994 crime bill because
the president quote has his own problems
with the the Central Park five situation
which was also a long time ago now
here's the thing the Central Park five
thing President Trump did a full-page ad
in which he was complaining about Prague
and said maybe we should have the death
penalty for these horrible crimes he did
not mention race although there was
obviously the context was that the five
african-american gentleman who had been
arrested and later were acquitted were
released I forget what but that they
were they were found not guilty he
believed they were guilty but their race
was never part of the conversation Trump
Trump never mentioned race he mentioned
crime we have seen quite clearly that he
talks about crime is crime and when it
came to for example the the prison
reform bill President Trump did not say
oh we can't do that because it's good
for black people you know you went ahead
and did it because it's good for people
so when the Washington Post said he's
got this problem because of this Central
Park five situation decades ago here's
the right response and it's the one that
I gave I said that the Washington Post
has equated crime and black people and
they need to explain that cuz that's
what happened I'm not making that up
President
talked about cried that's it he talked
about crime and the death penalty if
other people say that's about race you
can't make that argument unless you are
introducing into the conversation that
crime and black people are equated that
is racist criticizing the president for
making a stand about crime without
mentioning race and then going in and
saying hey this is some kind of racist
anti black people the only way you can
make that criticism is if you yourself
are a racist who has decided that crime
and black people are somehow paired the
president didn't do that he never did
that he never has done that and I'm
pretty sure he'd never will because
there's no evidence that he thinks that
way he does hate crime that is as clear
as possible there's no doubt anyplace
mind that he's anti-crime like seriously
seriously anti-crime and he's can still
do a crime doll because it made sense
and it was good for the country
somebody's saying I don't agree with you
in all issues talking to me but this
point is the reason I follow you thank
you so if you're in the situation and I
know you will be between now and 2020
somebody's going to bring up the Central
Park five you've a response to it should
be Trump never mentioned race at
Bessette that's all you should say about
Trump the rest of what you should say is
about the fricking jerk who is trying to
equate black people and crime which
bothers me honestly like I'm not saying
this as some clever little thing you
know persuasion wise it is persuasion
and I am teach you got to do that but it
frickin bothers me it bothers me that
the racists are accusing somebody who
has an active that way of being a racist
it's like extra bothering that there's
some form of projection going on there
ain't using that word projection because
I'm not us like psychologist so I
withdraw that word
I actually mocked that word
in my upcoming book all right that's all
I got today so so I hope this little
little dose of dopamine was good I'm
going to keep working on the dopamine
angle for these periscopes and by the
way if you did not know these periscopes
get downloaded in an hour so they will
be available on youtube to find them you
would just search for the phrase real
coffee with scott adams remember the
real part real coffee with scallops and
then you can have them the YouTube
experience if you prefer that the live
ones will will be on periscope if you
want to get refresh but let us end with
a second simultaneous sip in case you
missed the first one because it's so
good so good razor drug with me and join
me now that's all for now and let's
enjoy the day