[Music]
bump bump button hey everybody
happy Thanksgiving if you happen to be
an American and if you don't happen to
be an American Happy Thanksgiving anyway
because it turns out you could be
thankful no matter where you live does
it matter
today's the day but while we're thinking
about all the things we're thankful for
one of them is that you get coffee with
Scott Adams even on holidays think about
it no commercial breaks free holidays
every single day coffee really what's
better nothing nothing and all you need
to participate I think some of you know
but if you're new here these are your
instructions to participate in the
simultaneous sip oh it's good it's good
if you haven't tried it yet
you're gonna you're in for a surprise
and all you need is a copper mugger
glasses snifter stein chalice tanker
thermos flask iam team Grail goblet
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure
that dopamine hit of the day the thing
that makes everything better
the simultaneous sip go I am so thankful
for coffee
and for all of you you know I say that
way sincerely I am very very thankful
for all of you because I enjoy spending
my my mornings with you probably more
than you enjoy being spent with so
there's that let's talk about some fun
things in the news hey how about that so
apparently there was a lockdown at the
White House because of a unidentified
blob that was flying toward it
that's right there was an unidentified
blob in the air that was picked up on
radar and they were like we don't know
what this is but we better shut down the
white house now they think it was Birds
so it might have been a flock of birds
flying in a tight formation but what do
you think they thought it was they
probably thought it was a drone attack
with lots of drones probably because
sooner or later there's going to be a
drone attack in this country that will
not be that different from the multiple
drone attack on the Remco oil refinery
in Saudi Arabia there will be lots of
small simultaneous drones attacking
targets now I don't know if it would be
the White House or something else but
how in the world would you stop a whole
bunch of drones coming from different
directions how would you what kind of
defense
yeah even electronic defence couldn't
get them all could it maybe it could
well let's hope it could so as you know
President Trump is working on designated
the designating the Mexican drug cartels
as terrorist organizations now I'm told
that that mostly means messing with the
banking and finance so that we could now
once that designation is in place is
swimming it does get finalized once that
designation is in place the United
States can go after banks and anybody
who deals with anybody who deals with
the cartels now people who are smarter
than I am have said if you start a war
with the cartels they're gonna fight
back and they're gonna fight back in
this country will they I don't know it's
really hard to imagine that we know what
cartel people are thinking one thing I
don't understand about the cartels is
this would it ever be possible to do a
peace deal with the cartels could you
negotiate peace in which we don't kill
them and they stopped sending drugs now
your first impression might be well even
if they stopped somebody else somebody
else would do it that's probably true
but suppose we made a peace deal in
which the cartels agreed not to send any
more drugs we do we agreed not to kill
them all because we can and we and then
we paid the cartels to stop anybody else
from selling drugs could you bribe the
cartels just to work for us because they
already got guns and they know where
everything is they know what everybody's
doing and they control territory could
we just say look we give give you two
choices you can keep all the money that
you've you've made already you can keep
all that money and you can work for us
we'll even pay you every year to make
sure that immigration and drugs coming
across the border are lessened would
that work
you know anybody who says you could
never deal with the cartels well you're
probably right probably I'm just asking
the question I don't think anybody's
ever tried now one of the things I also
wonder about is if you're the head of
the cartel you're wonderfully rich and
you never have to work again but they
keep working what's up with that what is
it that causes the heads of the cartel
who have already made their billion
dollars or whatever but the more that
they continue to work the more likely
they'll be killed or jailed
well what makes them keep working I kind
of wonder about that I mean that's an
honest question why don't they say I got
my billion I'm gonna go retire well
probably because if they retire they
think they won't have the power to
protect themselves
or somebody else will take over then
kill them and take their money yeah it
must be some kind of fear but is there
any way to fix that could we say to the
heads of the cartel if you retire we'll
make sure you're protected somehow I
don't know I'm just I'm just saying that
dealing with it in the way we've always
dealt with it hasn't worked
same with North Korea the way we dealt
with North Korea in the past hasn't
worked could we actually negotiate with
the heads of the cartel well your first
impression might be no you don't
negotiate with people that bad but in my
work so it's just these are just
questions I just don't know what the
options are with the cartels but I would
say this it does seem to me that if
there were war with the cartels that
they would fight back and that they
would fight back in this country and you
probably see stuff start exploding in
this country and mass killings and stuff
for them trying to get us to back off so
if we anticipate that's gonna happen
what would you do in that case I think
the only thing you would do is you would
wait for it to happen once because you
probably have to have it happen once
something blows up in this country and
then we unleash the dogs of war I think
based on what's happened so far it's all
been happening in Mexico except for that
the drug deaths in this country I think
if they ever responded let's say the
cartels responded and they blew up
something in the United States I think
the only course of action would be
full-out 100% of war to eradicate every
last one of them you know Isis style I
don't imagine that we would just do you
know tip for tat do you because it
wouldn't be a big good strategy anything
short of complete eradication would be a
waste of time because would still be
enough people to focus and sell it sell
drugs but I also wonder if one way
- take them down isn't to just legalize
drugs okay do you know does anybody know
why the administration doesn't at least
have that conversation you know I hate
it when people use that word you know we
have to have a national conversation
because it doesn't mean anything but has
the Trump administration ever said even
yes or no just a yes or no to the
question of legalizing the harder drugs
right shouldn't we get a yes or no has
anybody ever said Trump administration
would you consider to this would you
even consider it research it do a small
trial if that makes sense
would you ever consider it has anybody
even asked that question why isn't that
the most obvious question to answer all
right so I think the the press has led
us down but not at least making that a
topic why is it why are we talking about
maybe militarily attacking cartels in
Mexico we're actually talking about that
it's in the news but we're not talking
about we're not even talking about the
only thing that anybody thinks could
work think about that as far as I know
there's exactly one proposal that has
ever been floated the smart people think
could and probably would work and we
don't even talk about it at the at the
government levels and just not even
talked about what's up with that
all right what what's up with the fact
that there's only one known solution
smart people back it and we don't even
put it on the table seriously what's
wrong why why is that happening
so it could be that maybe it's not such
a great idea but I'd certainly like to
see the counter counterpoint to it it
could be that if you try a locally
you'll find out so maybe try it locally
see what happens
trying it locally wouldn't do anything
to stop the cartels because it would be
too small but we could find out what it
does to the users we could find out
what's the impact in say one city of
just legalizing all the drugs and
putting more emphasis taking the money
from criminal prosecution movie and into
treatment making sure that the drugs are
cleaned and not the kind that they don't
know what they're getting so they died
of overdose just try it now let me let
me tell you this let me let me put it as
clearly as I possibly can all right
you've often seen me say that bugs me
when people my critics come in and say
you just agree with the president and
whatever the president bauhaus you just
agree because you're just aw you're just
now apology bah bah bah bah well here's
a perfect example can we say that the
Trump administration is doing even the
minimum right job just the minimum good
job on drugs if they're not actively at
least looking at a trial just a trial
someplace small could be a city to
legalize everything if you're not even
testing that or if you're not even at
least floating the idea of testing that
could it be said that you're doing your
job could it be said could you could you
honestly say if you were let's say if
you're the boss of the President and
you're giving him his annual performance
review you say well President Trump it's
time for your annual performance review
we've got this massive drug overdose
problem crying coming across the border
etc have you done the first minimum the
smallest thing that we know we should do
which is a small trial somewhere in the
United States where we can find an
athlete
zatia makes things better or worse
because you can always reverse it if
it's just one city try it for a year or
two see what happens
reverse it if it didn't work out if
you're not proposing that forget about
even whether it's going to work it's the
obvious thing to try it's the most
obvious thing it's completely practical
because you could easily get some local
city or county to say yes to it if
you're not proposing that are you doing
the minimum that would require for we
the public that people will elect these
people to say yes you're addressing the
problem I say no I say no and
unambiguously no no completely no no
with no caveats the Trump administration
is not doing the minimum the minimum
that you would need to do to be seen as
even taking us seriously not even the
minimum all right now if you hear some
day that the the federal government said
yeah we would back that if there's some
state that wants to try it you know it
has to be small has to be limited but we
would back it as a test if you hear that
then you've heard your government do the
best it could do on this all right but
don't don't kid yourself the Trump
administration is in complete failure
mode on this topic complete failure mode
now do I like the fact that we're
pushing China to crack down on fentanyl
yes do I like the fact that the cartels
might be designated terrorist
organizations yes do we like the fact
that we're tightening border security in
part because it would reduce the amount
of drugs coming in yes I love all of
that I do all of those put together
reach the minimum just just all of it
together does it reach the minimum to
say that the government is competent no
it doesn't because all of those put
together aren't going to change the
amount of fences and all we have it's
not going to make any difference
I absolutely
they think we should push the countries
that are pushing the drugs on us they
should be punished the people involved
should be killed they should all be
killed
so maximum punishment to any country
that's involved in any way to sending us
stuff but let's not kid ourselves it's
not going to change the supply as as
people tell me almost every day scoffs
cause god don't you know it's not gonna
change the supply somebody will just
make you somewhere else
dope the dope too though didn't you know
that Babu to which I say yes idiot I did
know that that I I am aware that you
could put enough fentanyl in this pen to
kill an entire state I do know that I do
know that other people will make it if
you kill all the vendors or if you
killed every supplier today if you
murdered every person who's involved in
the fentanyl business it would take one
week for it to regrow because it's
profitable if you don't take the profit
motive out of it you're not trying let's
let's be honest if you're not trying to
take the profit motive out of it you're
not trying
you've not reached the minimum to say
that you're even doing anything useful
but I do like pressing the other
countries all right let's talk about
something else
the I guess the IG report is going to
come out and we're going to find out if
the Trump campaign was spied on or not
spied on by our own justice people and
the FBI now on Fox News they're priming
you against the priming so there's
priming and then there's anti priming
going on and everybody's like set in the
table getting ready for this IG report
so what the smart people are saying
we're going to expect to see is that
Carter page was a target in other words
he was spied on and here's the fun part
do you remember in the very beginning of
the the Russia collusion hoax
there was there was there were reports
that Carter Paige might have had some
connection with Russia what did all the
pro-trump people say when it came out
that Carter Paige may have had some
conversations with Russia
do you remember what everybody said they
said Carter Paige he's not really part
of the he's not part of the the campaign
he's just some insignificant adviser who
went to a meeting
doesn't matter if Carter Paige talk to
Putin he's just some insignificant
outsider wannabe almost kind of sort of
thinks he's connected with the the
campaign but the president never heard
of him well now there's some expectation
that it will be confirmed that the not
only was there spying on Carter Paige
but we also know from the Moller report
that there was nothing there Carter
Paige was totally cleared so now that
the Carter page is totally cleared and
it looks like the report will say that
there was spying on him
what do the pro-trump people say now
Carter Paige he was totally part of the
campaign oh yeah
Carter Paige campaign Carter paid he was
right he was right there so how often do
I tell you that the facts don't matter
they do matter to the outcomes of course
but they don't matter to our
decision-making you just saw that the
the facts actually reversed well yeah
and it didn't change anything except all
what would people just quickly just
reverse their opinion so more persuasion
talk please well that's what this is
this is persuasion talk so you're seeing
the the pro-trump errs trying to set the
table because the other side is setting
the table as sort of anti table setting
so I think the New York Times is already
leaking that and others may be leaking
that the campaign was not spied on and
that's going to be the result so they're
trying to frame it as
campaign was not spied on so once you
hear the details you'll already have
that in your mind and then when they
they fit the details and you'll say oh
okay that fits what they said not spied
on because Carter page was just sort of
an outsider he wasn't really part of the
campaign from a mile away
you'll see the the pro trumpeter is
saying no no Carter page it's the only
reason you the only reason you spied on
him was connection to the campaign
that's spying on the campaign so facts
won't matter we'll just line up with
whichever side we agreed with for the
record I would call that spy another
campaign could we what do you think do
you agree that if the FBI Department
Justice whoever if they spied on Carter
Paige would it be fair to say that they
spied on the Trump campaign I say yes I
say yes okay I hear some of you having
some garbled audio probably because it's
so damn popular here but we'll just
carry on as if as if not so here's the
most provocative thing I'm going to say
today I like to give you one
Thanksgiving provocative thoughts that
will get me kicked off of social media
forever so since I might get kicked off
of social media forever in the next 10
minutes I would like to remind you that
my book loser think is an excellent gift
yeah a gift
what the hell is a gaffe gift is a gift
it's a gift item which you could give to
people who are not even necessarily
losers but rather perhaps they do not
have effective debating and thinking
techniques if you want to cause some
trouble at the holidays and your family
just just gives somebody in the family
one of these and then sort of leave it
on the tape
in the main room into your house where
everybody's milling around all your
family is because it's a sort of book
people are gonna pick up you can say
loser think it's gonna settle though
they're gonna come to a page and you can
say oh what about this one thing yeah
they'll call I was some little item
let's call down and then the next thing
you know the knives will come out and
you'll be fighting with your relatives
but you'll be winning because you
already read loser think anyway it's a
great gift item I hope you support this
periscope by buying it all right here's
the part where I get kicked off of
social media forever if I never see you
again
it's been a pleasure so there's an I
don't know if you know Charlamagne tha
God so he's a what would you call him
activist maybe african-american activist
slash radio host I don't know his full
resume he's very well known considered
an intellectual one of the one of the I
would say leadership type figures in the
african-american community as
Charlemagne the god of the spell tha and
apparently he's been saying that even
though President Trump is making black
Americans richer they're making more
money so he acknowledges that African
Americans are doing better financially
under Trump and he says that you should
not vote for him anyway even though
you're doing better because yet you
should look at his civil rights record
you should look at his civil rights
record are talking about the president
Charlamagne tha God is the worst leader
maybe you've ever seen
so he's a DJ people are saying in the
comments
I said radio host DJ kind of the same
Charlemagne God's advice that you should
you know discount the fact that you're
making more money and you're doing
better in your life but you should look
at the president's civil rights record
here's what's wrong with that
Charlamagne tha God is asking people who
look to him for I would say wisdom
because he is it I would call him a
thought leader he's often very much
praised by by people for being a smart
you know informed capable useful good
leader
so I hear mostly I hear only good things
about Cheryl Denis in the God so let me
get that context in there highly I would
say he's sincere and I would say that
he's thoughtful and trying to help
thoughtful sincere smart trying to help
all right so I'm gonna start with the
compliment to say that generally
speaking very capable talented
successful person and trying to help
this didn't help let me tell you why if
you look at somebody's civil rights
record you are looking at the past
if you ignore that you're making more
money today and your life is better
today and instead you say I'm gonna
ignore what's good and happening today
and I'm going to focus on something that
doesn't exist anymore do you know what
doesn't exist the past the past doesn't
exist
so Charlotte mean the God has asked you
to focus on the past which doesn't exist
and make your decision based on that
and ignore the present which does exist
and is going well
of course the point of looking at the
civil rights record is to assume that if
things have happened in the past that
you didn't like that might tell you that
more of that will happen in the future
so as an indicator of what might happen
in the future I would say that's not in
the table so let's talk about that is
the president's record on civil rights
good or bad in terms of the
african-american community well first of
all I'm only going to talk about his
record as president does it matter
what he is alleged to do or did 20 years
ago or anything else
well it might matter how you feel but it
doesn't matter your life because your
life is influenced by what he's doing
today what he's done as president so far
so let's look at what the president has
done so far as president there you could
call his civil rights record he's worked
on the first step backed and hugely
popular with the african-american
community he is put emphasis and the
historically black colleges I believe
he's looking to help fully fund them I
don't know the details but he's getting
a lot of praise for that and of course
the unemployment rate and the wages and
everything we're looking good for
african-americans so that's how far is
all good right
but the president is highly criticized
for his actions on immigration his
immigration his so-called ban on some of
the countries who were mostly Muslim
countries looked racist to some people
his ban on not ban but his emphasis on
border security with Mexico looks to
some people like being racist because
the people on the other side of the
border are mostly brown but here's the
thing that was all to the benefit of
African Americans explicitly directly
and unambiguously for the benefit of
African
who exactly is competing for all these
jobs that the immigrants are taking well
everybody you know I mean it's spread
around but the african-american
community probably hit a little bit
harder and the president is absolutely
discriminating against other countries
he's totally discriminating against
other countries for the benefit of
Americans and he calls it out directly
for the benefit of the african-american
community so if you wanted to get
President Trump or even your government
let's say you wanted to get your
government to do more stuff that's good
oh and also the president is against the
green New Deal which which would ruin
the economy and affect African Americans
more than other people all right rich
people are just gonna pay a little extra
taxes and they're fine poor people have
to live in with an economy that would be
crashing during the transition into the
screen New Deal stuff so if you look at
the president's actions on civil rights
there are a hundred percent of them
since taking office the only time that
matters a hundred percent of them have
been Pro African American compare that
to Obama compare it to anything compared
to anybody is it worse than every other
president we've had I'd say you'd have
to go back to I don't Lyndon Johnson and
you know stuff that happened and the you
know the middle of the civil rights era
you'd have to go pretty far back to find
somebody who was a better president for
african-americans in terms of actual
results so Charlamagne tha God I think
you are guilty of loser think and while
I hear really good things value in
general and I'm sure they're true I
think it is terribly off it's just it's
a departure from logic to look at the
past which doesn't exist and ignore the
that does if you want good things to
happen you should you should encourage
the good things imagine this if the
african-american community decided in
any significant part you know you can't
get anybody to you could never get
everybody to agree and then anything but
if you get a significant part of the
african-american community to say hey
president Trump you've done good job so
far but there are a few other things
we'd like done and you could give him
more support here are some specific
things we'd like can you help us with
these what would President Trump do as a
response to hey I think you're moving in
the right direction can you move even a
little bit more we've got a few more
things to do
how would president Trump respond to
that positively I would think can you
imagine anything the president Trump
would like more think about it if you
think about all the things that
President Trump would like to accomplish
you know he'd like peace and good trade
deals and he'd like North Korea to
denuclearize and peace in the Middle
East there's a lot of stuff he wants
right but put in that list being the
best president for the african-american
community
how much would President Trump like to
leave office as the best of president
for african-americans how much would he
like that can't read his mind but I
would imagine anyone in his situation
would say that would be like the best
thing you can even imagine because it
would take away all the the bad stuff
right it would with one with one set of
actions it would it would just erase
anything that there anybody said
negative about him up to this point so I
would I would give the following advice
in contrast to Sheryl me in the gods
advice you should look at the
president's civil rights record didn't
vote against them what I'd say is that
success is the best strategy and I had a
little pause after that because I like
that to think
the every community needs a strategy you
ting to strategy every individual needs
a strategy in other words what are you
doing every day to make things better
what's your system what is your system
for improving your life and life of any
anybody in your group whenever your
group is what's your system here's the
system I recommend success because the
more successful black people are the
less will be discrimination the less
will be racism but wouldn't you like
when you like to be in the world where a
black person who walks in for a job
interview and you say to yourself whoa
that's a member of a group who are extra
successful they're trying extra hard
it's a group that's really hitting
hitting the books they're staying out of
jail they're doing all the right things
now of course you know nothing happens
overnight
but if you're trying to get rid of
racism try success there's nothing that
convinces like success you can't beat
that all right so the focus should be on
individual success because that will fix
kind of everything if you get that right
would you have individual success if you
voted against the guy who's giving you
individual success financial success in
this case in favor of feeling bad about
something that bothered you historically
that doesn't exist anymore I I get you
know I get the warning to fight right
and wrong I get that you want to go
directly our problems etc but it's not a
good strategy somebody said in the
comments Scott's and white Lee by the
way that that article that I talked
about with the I wish I forgetting his
name but the writer for the route I'm
still gonna I'm still
solidly on the side that says his
writing is excellent
I guess Buddha jej Buddha judge called
them because he the writer for the route
wrote a scathing article about Buddha
judge and Buddha judge actually called
him Harry OTT yes that's his name his
last name is Harry OTT and they had a
conversation now I don't think it
changed either their minds but how much
do you like Buddha judge for calling him
I like it don't you like the fact that
Buddha jej just picked up the phone and
called up and said let's talk that's
pretty strong move that was a baller
move I've got to say but a judge does a
lot right you know you we're watching
all these Democrats self-immolate I one
after another they're doing things that
you don't even have to be an expert you
could just be a person watching
television and you're watching one of
the Democratic candidates and you say to
yourself okay that just cost you the
election
oh no I want to said that bet oh no
fifty two trillion dollars a little bit
expensive Elizabeth Warren so you you
you don't have to be an expert to see
each of these candidates just totally
destroying themselves and then you watch
Buddha judge and this is sort of the dog
that doesn't bark look for his errors
it's hard to find any he's running a
very smart campaign he's found the
reasonable center he's biding his time
he's waiting he is not buying into the
the drama so much yeah he's he's playing
it really smart you cannot underestimate
the power of just raw intelligence and I
think with Buddha Joji you're seeing the
benefit of raw intelligence
he's just smarter than other people no
doubt about it now
I do worry that he's experienced enough
that's that would be a real thing to
worry about I do love the fact that he
lives an authentic life and that is
really powerful the the fact that he's
not only you know openly gay which
doesn't even sound does that even sound
right anymore to save somebody's openly
gay can that feels like a throwback
doesn't it it feels like that's not even
a sentence that somebody should say in
2019 because if you gain in 2019 and
you're not you not I don't even like to
say out of the closet these just sound
like such old old terms if you're not
authentic well I think you're just
hurting yourself because it's just
easier smarter better just be who you
are and the world is ready you know the
world is finally ready for that stuff so
Buddha jej lives an authentic life
here's my husband you know here's his
website he's part of the campaign I know
I just kind of love the fact that he's
not compromising even in the slightest
because somebody else might not like it
no compromise I like it
somebody say gay is not a badge of honor
unless a penis I'm saying authenticity
can be appealing you don't disagree with
that deal do you disagree that
authenticity can be appealing I don't
think so
people like that even if they don't like
what you're doing they kind of like that
you're honest about it somebody said
he's a disastrous mayor well if you
would read my book loser think perhaps
you would not say Buddha judge was a
disastrous mayor here's what you can say
you what you can say is that during his
reign as mayor things didn't go well
compared to how you wish they had gone
you could say that here's what you don't
know there was no other mayor doing the
same job at the same time with whom you
could come
to whom you could compare Buddha judge
how do you know he did a bad job if he's
not compared to anything there's no
comparison because there was nobody
doing the same job at the same time with
the same variables but making different
decisions so he had something to compare
nor is that possible because there was
only one job of Mayor if you believe
you're positive he did a bad job as
mayor you were involved in loser think
even if you're right you could be right
but you don't have any way of knowing it
because there's nothing he did there
that was being done by somebody else in
a different way at the same time with
the same variables no comparison now I'm
not saying you did a good job I'm just
saying that you can't tell and there's
no way you'll ever be able to tell it is
completely and permanently outside our
ability to judge somebody say you could
say the same for Trump that is correct
and I do I say the same with for Trump
that there was nobody else doing the job
at the same time so you can tell you can
imagine but you can't tell for sure
alright so shall the name the god
focus on success everything else will
work out let's talk about Thanksgiving
if somebody says how can you criticize
anyone ever with that reasoning well you
can't do it rationally you you can't you
can't look at specific things which we
know to be wrong so if there's somebody
who let's say shoplifts from a store you
don't have to say to yourself well if
there had been somebody else in your
situation where they have shoplifted
from the store no I mean you can judge
shoplifting to be bad you can judge you
know breaking breaking the laws bad so
there are lots of things that are just
objectively bad but none of that is on
the table with Buddha judge and his
mayor job
nobody says he broke the law nobody says
he murdered anybody
so you can't tell now in the context of
a
job let's say you're the boss and you're
trying to judge people you kind of have
to judge them even though maybe it's
irrational because when people feel that
they're being measured and judged they
will work more diligently so if your
goal is to make people work more
diligently it doesn't exactly matter
that you can judge them accurately it
just matters that you're watching and
that you're judging doing it well
there's actually less important it'd be
great if you could but it's important to
watch them it's not important to be
exactly right about all their other
performance somebody says Scott thinks
blacks who work for Papa job should
excuse his racism because he pays them
did I say that did here did you hear me
say that I don't know the Papa John's
situation but I would say this if it
bothers you to work there and you can
get it as good a job somewhere else
go ahead and leave that would be a
perfectly reasonable thing to do you can
vote with your feet but let's say you're
a vice-president at Papa John's and
you're black I don't know if there's
anybody in senior management who's who's
diverse at all I don't know but imagine
there is that person should they quit
well again it depends if they can get a
better job and it bothers them if it
doesn't bother them and they can't
easily or reliably get a better job go
for success success pays for a lot of
stuff success buys you more than stuff
it buys you respect it buys you you know
you become someone who is a source of
inspiration you become a mentor the
success is the strategy all right
somebody's saying that Greta Sundberg we
should say okay do murder instead of
boomer
okay do mer that's kind of clever is is
handing pineapple on pizza racist yes
but just a little bit
I said Newsom is doing a terrible job
yes so again there are some some things
which you can see that are just
objective you know if somebody got
elected and just didn't come to work you
wouldn't have to wonder if they're doing
a good job if you don't come to work
okay
you yeah if you start a war that didn't
need to be started okay you're not doing
a good job but for most of the basic
stuff you can't tell now in the case of
Newsom if you can't keep the lights on
I'm sorry if you can't keep the lights
on and you don't really have a plan to
fix it and you got rid of nuclear when
nuclear according to every scientist who
knows anything is the best thing to do
and you've you want to give free health
care and open the border those things
you can say are bad but I mean Newsom
has crossed over into a category that is
unambiguous I would say now of course
bias always creeps in here so one never
knows but I got to tell you I don't have
any special bias against you know
Republicans or Democrats I mean is I
don't I don't identify with either group
I think they both have their pluses and
minuses so I don't dislike Gavin Newsom
or judge him by his party affiliation
but I do judge them by the fact that I
can't keep my lights on and that my
taxes are the highest so yeah I'm
judging so there's that all right
just looking at your comments here I
feel like I was too much of a downer for
Thanksgiving let's say let's say let's
talk something positive what do you
predict for China's T greats I don't
know what that means to do political
party yes we are judging Newsom yeah I
think you could judge Newsom oh the
Golden Age yes I think I might have a
guest on next week to talk about one of
the big predictions for the Golden Age
so I'll tell you more about that as we
go forward trade my prediction on trade
is that we will not have a trade
agreement with China not now and not the
foreseeable future
because I don't think there's any room
for a deal with China they they just
don't seem like a credible partner
somebody says your logic on newsom
versus buddha judgment really doesn't
wash sorry
well let me let me defend it a little
bit stronger if Buddha judge couldn't
keep the lights on I would say the same
thing about him but if your problem is I
don't know your unemployment is this or
you crime is that you know your rates of
something are different that's where you
can't tell if newsome's only problem was
that let's say unemployment went up or
maybe our taxes were a little high in
those cases I would say you know I can't
really tell I don't know what the other
other governor would have done but if he
but if Buddha judge couldn't keep the
lights on and he'd he'd gotten rid of
the only reliable source of electricity
you know nuclear power
well then I'm gonna judge it but there's
no evidence that that happened
somebody's asking about the Kurds is it
surprising to you that we're not hearing
about a lot of Kurd massacres maybe it's
happening and we're not hearing about it
but didn't you think that by now we
would be hearing about all kinds of
massacres it looks like things might be
working out and wouldn't that be a
surprise to everybody except a president
Trump doesn't seem to you that Trump
continuously does the thing that other
people say you couldn't you shouldn't do
he's fairly consistent about that
somebody asked about my new show with
Christina we finally finally I think
figured out all the technical problems I
finally got the sound and the the video
and the lighting to be right we did a we
did a test run but when we played it
back we didn't like the lighting so we
want to make sure that we've got a
little higher quality production values
but we're ready to go I think that
sometime between now now in New Year's
you will see our first production did
you see in Hong Kong they were waving
American flags and celebrating
Thanksgiving so the Hong Kongers are
trying to bring the United States into
the fight if you will the United States
did we just pass some legislation that
condemned China for their Hong Kong
stuff
I don't think China likes that somebody
says talk about the visuals you mean of
the show I'm going to do with Christina
well I will tell you that we're thinking
that the first content might be her
interviewing me about my book because I
think she would do the funniest
interview because she wouldn't ask the
same questions that other people asked
so yeah the idea is that if we produce
higher quality content better production
values will we're testing to see if
YouTube do you monetize is that because
they maybe do monetizing some of the
smaller political leaning content both
left and right by the way just because
it's not CNN or
some other some other voice can we
submit questions about the book oh that
would be a good idea I'm I'm working
also on a better callin mechanism so I
can have somebody calling him during my
during the podcast will you use your
studio for a coffee with Scott probably
not I'll probably still do coffee with
Scott Adams right from here I'll be
honest I'm not interested in your
girlfriend but I would watch her
interview yeah well you know the beauty
of doing something with Christine is
that she would bring in some viewers I
would bring in different viewers and it
would all be fun
any advice and that'd we've had enough
of a bad career yes build your talents
tact read my book had a fail at almost
everything and still win big and that
will give you a path out and tulsi
campaign has never gotten back to me so
that's not scheduled and I'll talk to
you later