bum-bum-bum come on in here it's safe
it's safe in here come on gather round
nobody can catch you when you're in here
well there's craziness breaking down all
over the place but you don't need to
worry about it I'll tell you why make a
note to myself so I don't forget to tell
you why Oh people are calling me the
bald prophet well I guess you don't get
to make up your own nickname I'll take
what I can get so Erica relax calm down
the rest of you relax here's what you
need to know I've told you before that
it's always helpful to see the world
through an energy filter in other words
don't look at the details of what people
are doing don't look at the
fact-checking don't look at the reasons
and the logic look at the energy because
the energy is very predictive when the
energy is moving around that's that's
where the luck goes it's where the bad
stuff goes is where the good stuff goes
so follow the energy and if you take
that theory then we should see the
protesters burning out in a few days
meaning that there was all this pent-up
energy just a ton of energy largely
because of the lockdowns
and that energy has to go somewhere
so all of that energy it didn't just
disappear
it just was still there and it was kind
of pent up and now it's being released
now the point of this is if you think
this is the beginning of something
that's gonna build and build and build I
would say you're almost certainly wrong
if there's one thing I'm willing to bet
on like a lot that this has a peak and
then a Peters out now that would be true
of most protests in general but I think
this one is especially easy to predict
because of all that pent-up
you're just seeing it come out now the
the bad luck of it and it was the worst
luck is that George Floyd was killed and
that became the the trigger for all of
this so there probably would have been
any trigger would have done it but man
that was a powerful trigger now the
tragedy of course as we're all watching
this is you know first of all there's a
tragedy for George Lloyd and there's a
tragedy for the credibility of the place
because one assumes that most police are
perfectly good human beings and doing
their job but certainly this this group
of four police officers did not make
them all proud so as a bad day in all
those many ways but man did it get worse
Wow the the one the one positives that
could have command of the tragic death
if you can even say it that way is that
for a moment the entire country was on
the same side we all had the same
impression of this this video it's
obviously some kind of crime was
committed we're not lawyers we don't
know which one exactly but it's obvious
that there's there's something deeply
wrong there and it could have been this
big unifying breakthrough kind of thing
and then anti-fog came along and then
the looters but whose fault is that
whose fault is it that there was an tyfa
and there were looters well your first
impression should be well duh it's
anti-phase fault and it's the looters
fault and if you want to blame you go
further back it's the cops fault it's
probably your first reactions but I
would suggest that in the year 2020 when
you have an issue that is so unusual and
powerful as this one unusual and
everybody agreed the right way to play
this was anything but a street protests
the right way to play it was anything
but protesting in the streets because
protesting in the street is sort of
guaranteed to give you exactly what
you're getting especially with all that
pent-up energy and the weather getting
warmer and it was just everything that
you don't want so I gotta say that black
lives matter while I believe most of
them are well-intentioned they they used
a strategy that kind of invited all this
now once you've seen that your strategy
doesn't work what do you do do you say
to yourself gosh I hope in the next time
we do at nighttime a protest
I sure hope empty file doesn't show up
that's not going to work you don't say
to yourself I hope nobody thinks of
looting because that's not going to work
either so what does black lives matter
what do they do when they know they have
a strategy that is guaranteed to make
things worse
what do you do well apparently black
lives matter just repeats the same thing
that made everything worse so at this
point you know I would say originally
they're just victims victims of the
looters the victims of an tyfa turning
what should have been a positive thing
into a bad thing at this point their
strategy is deeply deeply flawed and in
fact they're losing more ground every
minute would you not say that your
empathy for their cause has dramatically
decreased because the riots and the
answer is if you're human probably so
because it's hard to hold too many
thoughts in your head without them
influencing each other and at the moment
our biggest thought is why are you doing
this why are you having even a peaceful
protest that you know is guaranteed to
destroy businesses you know it's gonna
make you look bad you know it's gonna
make anti-fog behave badly you know
these things you're not you don't have
to guess you know them
so at this point my my empathy which
started out nailed at a 10 probably for
most of you right you watched that video
and that your first reaction was that
your empathy if you're normal and you're
human and you're a good person at all
your empathy just went to a 10 and a 10
it just pinned there hmm now that was
the biggest opening in the world to get
something done name one thing the black
lives matter has suggested in terms of a
policy change go ahead
name name anything that you're aware of
the black lives matter has put together
as a little suggestion of how things
could be better good yeah
none not a damn thing so not only has
black lives matter squandered the maybe
the best opportunity they'll ever have
to make real progress completely lost
now you can't think you can't get it
back not only did they lose that but
they never had any suggestions after all
this after all of this not a suggestion
something we could to chew on something
Congress could vote on or more likely
states could vote on or municipalities
nothing nothing at all now if they do
have something then I would say that our
news sources are failing us terribly
because if black lives matter has
anything that looks like some
suggestions why don't we know it I don't
see it as a news source now so what
empathy am I supposed to give to black
lives matter when I started as a ten and
they're implementing a strategy to lower
my empathy for their cause and not only
are they implementing the strategy
they're putting a lot of effort into it
to lower my empathy for their cause they
couldn't work any harder at lowering my
empathy for their cause
now here's the thing that I think they
get wrong that would be a good lesson
for you because it's something that
everybody gets wrong it's a really
really common thing to get wrong in fact
I would say when you're talking about
communication and persuasion this might
be the most common thing that people get
wrong and they're so wrong on this just
terribly terribly wrong and it goes like
this
just as I could never fully understand
what it's like to be a black man in the
United States of course I can't I could
listen and I can observe that I can do
it I can but there's nothing you could
really do to make you really know what
it's like to exist as another person but
the same would be true an advert in in
Reverse
there's no there's no person who's you
know different from me with a different
life who really knows what it's like to
be inside my body in my life in my mind
and feel the way I feel so the first
thing you need to know is and nobody
really knows what's in other people's
heads
we just sort of sometimes think we do
but we're terrible at it and here's the
big problem
people forget that they're persuading
the other team
people forget that their job is to
persuade the other team and the way you
know that they've forgotten that is that
they communicate and they persuade in a
way that's designed for their own team
people are just talking to themselves
it's the opposite of persuasion so when
you see when you see black lives matter
protesting in the street protesting in
this street what are they talking to who
are they talking to not not the people
they're trying to persuade they're not
talking to white America because if they
wanted to talk to white America they
would have seen the protesting in the
street led to violence and they would
have immediately stopped it and then
white America would say good move
I'm glad you clamped down on that let's
talk do you have any suggestions this is
the time to talk we're open to
suggestions we'd like to do something
when have you ever been
the situation where everybody would like
to do something it's not even that you
have to talk anybody into anything we'd
like to do something seriously we'd like
to do something we'd like to help give
us any suggestion just to chew on we'll
debate it
I'll help you I'll help you persuade if
if there's some good suggestion so you
let me put a bow on this the the
protesters need to figure out a language
that is the language of the people they
wish to persuade that is primarily white
America they're speaking in the language
which is designed to persuade themselves
it's missing by a mile
missing by a mile it's not even close
and all they had to do was Bank the game
that they got by accident because that
video was so compelling that everybody
just joined their side and then they
protested everybody joined their side
and then they protested it's like they
missed the biggest opening of all time
it's it's to me that's the biggest
tragedy the tragedy far bigger than the
death of even one person no matter how
tragic and horrible it was the death of
one person of course it was special
because death is death but but what this
lost opportunity could have meant for
civilization I mean it was a really
really big loss for the black community
especially but for really everybody but
there are some signs of well maybe a
trend some signs of maybe a shift and it
comes in the form of multiple anecdotes
I've been following if you're not
following ian miles young he's got the
best feed on all the various videos from
the protests so I'm looking at one now
in which there was a obviously some
anti-shah protester guy who started to
break up
the hammer tried to break up some
concrete curb to make bricks that people
could throw up things you know it's get
projectiles and the peaceful protesters
tackled him and handed him over to the
police now some of the protesters most
of them I think the peaceful ones were
white and they tackled what I'm guessing
was a white guy yet a lot of masks on
but that's my best guess
and you know there were also there was
at least one black guy helping to
wrestle him down et cetera
so at least in one place the peaceful
protesters literally took physical
action against Anti Fog physical action
they they tackled him they tackled him
and they dragged him to the police
but it wasn't just one do you know if he
follows sports you may know a basketball
player named Junior Smith apparently he
was in LA and I think it was a protester
of some sort messed with his vehicle now
if you want to have a bad day mess with
the vehicle of somebody who doesn't look
that big until they get out of their
vehicle so there's a video of Junior
Smith who did I mention he plays in the
NBA I don't know his height but he plays
in the NBA he's a big guy and he's just
he's just beating the piss out of this
this guy who's about half his size he
was not happy about this guy messing
with his car now was the guy he beat up
auntie fara or black lives matter I
couldn't couldn't see much of him he was
getting beaten so badly you could even
you couldn't even tell you know anything
about him but you know it's that sort of
story where you where you see the let's
say the the peaceful segments of the
protesters the peaceful segments of
black lives matter the peaceful people
who are supporting them are gonna turn
on an tyfa their i've seen them maybe
four or five videos in which the black
lives matter people the peaceful
activists are shouting down the
anti-shah people who were not black and
saying hey you're getting us in trouble
one of them was Griff
so it looked like two young females who
may have been Asian I couldn't tell it
matters to the story were graffitiing
something and writing black lives matter
and they weren't even black and the the
black woman who was presumably with
black lives matter or at least you know
marching with him they're saying we're
getting a blade for this so she's
yelling at him who do you thinks gonna
get blamed for spray-painting black
lives matter on public property it's not
going to be anti fo anti files I'm gonna
get blamed so I don't know if these were
outside agitators but was a Susan Rice
Susan Rice now says that she suspects
Russia is behind this Russia
really so that's funny but I would
expect the next maybe day or so and I
predicted this yesterday I said it would
take about 48 hours for a black lives
matter to turn on to turn on aunty Fah
and let me just put it out there if if
black lives matter wants to turn on an
tyfa they're gonna have a lot of friends
if well let me tie two conversations
together here i told you that if you
want to communicate and persuade you
have to speak in the in the language of
the people you're trying to persuade if
you imagine that the people you're
trying to persuade or say conservatives
because if you could can if you could
persuade two conservatives
well you've already got a lot of people
on the left then you'd really have a lot
of people and you could get things done
so if you want to if black lives matter
wants to persuade conservatives the best
way to do it is is to just shut down
anti five because you know you can do it
right you know you can shut down anti
far yeah you know wouldn't be easy but
you know you can do it if you want
conservatives to love you shut down Anti
Fog if you want the conservatives to
care less and less about you every day
keep protesting in the street while we
have video of hard-working business
owners many of the minorities having
their lives destroyed by your careless
and ridiculous strategy of protesting in
the street during the pandemic which of
course is vice looters and a thief ah so
it's pretty easy if you want if you want
an ally the Conservatives are empty
antifa
so all you have to do is be anti anti
far and you've got a lot of friends
suddenly so that's this is strategy I
would look at all right let's see what
else is going on here in crazy town so
it seems to me this week that thanks to
anti far primarily Democrats have lost
every argument they've ever made that
sounds like a big claim right there
because of anti far this week Democrats
just lost all the arguments they've ever
made for example how do you feel about
the second amendment this week do you
think you're gonna give up your gun you
can forget about gun control because the
visuals are so pro gun ownership that
you couldn't do anything more powerful
for convincing people to buy extra guns
my guess is that gun sales are through
the roof right now
and if they're not I don't know why all
right so I'm gonna control they're
losing badly cuz they just made the best
commercial you'll ever see for gun
ownership that's it
how about income inequality has their
argument for income inequality do you
know how much I care about you know
income inequality when the people who
are complaining or burning their own
small businesses people of with the
people within their community who do do
I have a lot of money there's small
businesses how much empathy do I have
for you
in equality when auntie Fong and
blacklivesmatter
are actively destroying at least through
their actions anyway actively destroying
business of low-income people none none
I have no empathy for it
because of the way it's being handled I
have empathy for it if they hadn't done
that but their actions so discredit the
entire argument
how about reparations how's that looking
well I wouldn't bring up reparations
this week I don't think that would be a
winning argument this week I think you
can put that one to bed how about let's
say what other arguments have had lost
this week they haven't lost abortion
because you see that many people running
around acting poorly and you don't think
to yourself we need more people you
don't think that I was just looking all
right so that that's pretty much that
the entire left has discredited itself
to the point where it's ridiculous I
don't know if it changes anybody's mind
it doesn't work that way did you see the
video of the woman who was running away
with a cheesecake how many of you saw
the cheesecake video if you haven't seen
the cheesecake video you have to see my
twitter feed
the thing is several tweets down now but
it happened today and there's a
anti-fire looking person a woman it
looks like in a raincoat and she's got a
full cheesecake and then the article is
a local news story this says that the
Cheesecake Factory was looted and
there's a woman walking out with just a
full cheesecake Toto and so I added my
own caption to the video I said quote
all capitalists must die but if I'm
being honest their cheesecake is
exceptional auntie Fong so that is how
ridiculous it is now let me ask you what
is that the auntie file wants
what does auntie foul what don't know
dear
you don't know neither do i does auntie
fall want the same thing I don't think
so I think they're breaking stuff for
fun some of them I think some of them
are in it for the lifestyle we know that
because people have been an anti five
said that directly that they were in it
for sort of the lifestyle and the thrill
some of them might think it's gonna help
in some weird way I don't know but what
do they want other than to destroy black
lives so I think the anti fire is
working directly to destroy black lives
and everybody else's life it looks like
and they are the common enemy so if
black America wants to team up with
white America we've got a common enemy
called anti foul I know an tyfa is
attacking my town tonight I don't know
did I mention that probably not so my
town is under attack tonight the local
shopping mall may or may not go up in
flames today I don't know but I think
when you attack the suburbs there's a
little extra risk now it could turn out
to be a peaceful protest who knows but I
don't think you plan a peaceful protest
at the mall no you plan looting at the
mall so I would expect that in my little
East Bay town in Northern California
there will be something like at least
attempts at looting one of the things
that people don't quite appreciate about
the suburbs is how a heavily armed we
are and so one of the argue or ghen Iser
saying it would be safe because there
are so few mega people around here okay
okay maybe as a percentage there aren't
that many that's true but they are
really well armed just just just the
mega people that I know personally in my
town
enough armory you know to death row
National Guard the suburbs are really
well armed now I don't know that it's
going to make any difference anybody's
going to use it but if you were going to
tell me where where's they're most
likely to be a a lethal event I think my
town is pretty close to the top of the
list because you're not going to get
lost in the crowd that easily and the
odds of running into somebody armed and
my town it's pretty good the number of
people in my town who have a firearm in
their car it's pretty high it's pretty
high so I think those who maybe don't
own firearms and run the left
probably operate in the world where they
don't know anybody who wants a gun you
know in the suburbs they might not even
know anybody but there is a lot of guns
here
so there's that
all right yes it looks like yanti far if
I had to guess I mean the odds of a mass
casualty event are pretty high but I
think most of the most of the people who
will be in that event will be anti far
if you know what I mean so I think there
will be a mass casualty event but it
won't be anti far causing it I think it
will be you know if there is one there
will be in the direction of fewer empty
for protesters if you know what I mean
I'm not recommending it not recommending
it hope it doesn't happen I'm just
saying it's about a 50% chance at this
point I'd say 50 percent somebody says
Pleasanton folks have a ours you know
your Pleasanton though yeah yeah yeah
Pleasanton is bristling with assault
rifles it's true and even the people who
think that is not they better keep their
protest kind of peaceful because it's
it's a pretty heavily armed place here
alright I'm going to take some calls is
there any
having the protest where they are
anybody have any eyewitness accounts but
you can ask me anything I'll just take
some callers
see who's around let's see if Benjamin
wants to talk you Benjamin can you hear
me when I catch people off-guard they're
not ready to talk Benjamin I think he
has his mute on let's pick somebody who
just signed on because they're almost
certainly going to be ready Dave Dave
Dave are you there good do you have a
question for me or do you have a report
no I don't have report but I do have a
question I've been meaning to ask you
for quite some time
do you think that USA / Trump should buy
Taiwan at say 10,000 an acre
now Taiwan's that Taiwan has the Hong
Kong problem which is that the geography
just it doesn't work Taiwan will someday
be part of China I think you know it
might be in a hundred years but I think
China just has infinite patience when it
comes to that topic and I just don't
know there's any other way it can go now
it might be that in a hundred years
China will be a democracy and then
Taiwan says well why not you know you
could imagine it but now I don't say
there's anything any there's no way we
could get away with that without causing
way more problems than it solves
well it'd be cheap but not in terms of
what it would cost us the long run so I
have a good idea I like I like to get
out of the backs I like that
out-of-the-box thinking all right
somebody says god is my Oprah that gets
you the invite guest can you hear me hi
yeah yeah do you have a question or a
riot report from your town
yeah so I'm in Salt Lake and we had had
a little bit of rioting we went on what
is that called when they shut you down
at night curfew curfew they put us on
curfew I think what a car got put on
fire and that was like it maybe a couple
windows a few windows broken
we still have protesting but the news is
reporting that writing has been quelled
and the police are doing a fantastic job
good
you know what are the odds that we would
come from a covert lockdown immediately
into a riot
curfew like that you know the the
rioters ruined the only thing that we
had going for us which is Oh finally we
can go outside a little bit and then
next thing you know bullets and bricks
are flying and mostly bricks alright
thanks for the update to come to
basically Mormon Switzerland I mean yes
the Mormons are prepared I know that
about you all right well that's where
I'm gonna go during the end times I'm
gonna go right right to your state all
right all right
that seems like a safe place to be all
right uh about our - watch me
mispronounce this name I would ask you
there was that was that was that even
close to the right pronunciation of your
name actually you did actually you did
it better than my parents I'm I'm the
990 youngest child in my of my parents
and they ran out of all the names even
where I come from and even from where
it's not a usual name I I feel like they
were sitting around and they're like all
right oh I lost the connection I have to
finish this law I feel like his parents
were sitting around based on his story
and saying all right we've gotten you
know eight kids we've named them we're
just added names how about yeah how
about blue have we done how about I did
but then they just sort of triangulate
another one I'm not making funny about
not making fun of your names just having
fun
sorry you got disconnected let me see if
you got back on we'll try you again if
you did jump back on there you go we're
gonna try you again let's try this again
what was your question I into our report
yeah yeah my report you know i I've been
locked down in my little apartment in
Midtown Manhattan here for more than
three four months now and I was so
excited watching the news that all these
things are going on all over Americans
big cities and I go for a walk I mean
kind of like Hell's Kitchen
oh we lost them again all right well
when you take somebody else and let's
see if Michael's connections good oh
maybe not Michael doesn't seem to be
connecting let's try someone else I'm
not exactly sure why there are so many
that don't work
hello caller can you hear me I want to
tell you I really enjoy you but I wanna
soak up the governor's daughter in
Minnesota and de Blasio's daughter have
both been arrested what kind of
repercussions are gonna happen arrested
for what uh the Bozzio daughter was
arrested for uh well she's out with the
protesters
yeah I I think all of the protesters
will probably get off with just warnings
or I don't tickets or whatever it is
yeah I don't think the society cares too
much about punishing some protesters who
get a little bit out of hand you know
it's more about crowd control I think
than really punishing them so I would
guess nothing not really asking about
the protesters but the optics of yeah
the governor and of de Blasio well
actually the optics are fine because
aren't they left-leaning and that and if
the protesters were protesting against
police brutality and they were with
black lives matter I think it's all good
for the left I'm not sure that hurts
them one bit okay all right thank you
thank you all right let's see who else
we got here let's go to ail or is it
Ellie
hello Sally Ellie Ellie Ellie do you
have a question or report oh yeah so
President Trump actually designated the
antifa as a terrorist yeah well
apparently that doesn't mean anything
courts have weighed in and they've said
that if you're not a foreign group it
doesn't mean anything to designate it
you as a as a terrorist group because
there's no there's no formal anything
that goes with that is just words but if
they were foreign it would be a whole
set of you know things you would do
because of it but domestically I don't
know that it means anything so I guess
the president's gonna have to figure out
what it means funny yeah I think the
president will have to figure out what
it means and maybe they need some new
legislation or something but we could
get there I mean I think we could we
could you know make it more of a thing
that it is so it's a good step they gets
the you know he's directionally correct
on this
so being directionally correct is
the first step maybe we get the details
letter later so but thanks for bringing
that up yeah we lost that connection but
let's talk to Ken because he has a nice
dog icon Ken are you there
ken disappeared there's something about
talking to me that makes people
disconnect all right let's see if
Nicole's connection works Nicole can you
hear me why do you have a question
and/or antifa reports I have both
actually so I went to the Boston protest
today I haven't been there since like
the sun's gone down but it was very well
populated when I was there but didn't
seem violent which is good I talked to
some of the police on the scene and they
weren't pleased to be there but we lost
the connection you know what I think it
is I think that people who are not on
Wi-Fi lose the connection so if you're
not on Wi-Fi you should probably not try
to join as a guest because I think
that's I think it's the regular cell
connection that's causing everybody to
fall apart
we'll see if Mark's got a Wi-Fi
connection here mark are you there
mark mark is not there all right what am
i 1 for 3 lately I can do better than
that
let's try Joe no Joe come on let's make
this work Joe's and Oh are you there Joe
Joe hello Oh Oh Jim do you have a
question and/or anti-fire report ahead
of me I too in Boston and over the last
hour
starting to get a little more the last
couple of nights been quiet but it's
starting to get a little more out of
control now the most I've seen is
burning a police cruiser but the crowds
are getting pretty heavy right about now
quick things I got into listening to
over the last two months because I was
home Dudek Ovid I've become a really big
fan but do you think it would be good if
prayer the president addressed the
nation at some point maybe to help
things out well you know I've been
thinking a lot about that question
because I've seen a lot of his
supporters almost begging for it late
last night I'm not sure he needed to do
it in the middle of the night last night
and uh here's my concern he is really
bad at this it's the one thing that I'm
gonna say unambiguously he's bad at this
which is saying just the right words
without the illegitimate press finding
the one thing they can take out of
context that make it turn it into a
racist dog whistle so he may have
calculated as his advisors may have as
well they're saying anything at all
would make it worse and he might be
right about that
because when he sends a tweet he can say
unambiguously you know your your
approach let's say you're looting is
ruining the the memory of George Floyd
and that's nice and clean and easy to
understand and you know his side he's on
but the moment he starts freestyling and
you know he would freestyle it opens up
that possibility he uses the word thug
too many times right you know he he he
does the what was the thing that caused
defensely when the looting starts the
shooting starts which I which I doubt he
was thinking of in racial terms but any
of these things allow them to find
something to grab onto it as a weekend
theirs so I don't know if that's why
he's not doing it because it's still his
job right it right it's still his job
and I don't know if it's I don't
consider it good enough that he's just
too
and said he'd do a few things so I'm
with you something needs to be said but
I guarantee it will make it worse it's
sort of a bad situation where he has to
do it but it's gonna make it worse it
just you know it well so yeah it might
the other possibility is there's
something else brewing something that's
really taking a lot of his time and I
don't think I don't think it's kovat and
I don't think it's there the riots if
very well could be there's something
international brewing that's really
really big yeah and he he he just might
be absorbed by that but still I would be
with the critics who say it's still his
job hey it doesn't matter what the
reasons are that still his job so right
at the moment he seems to be missing in
action I would agree with you all right
okay thank you comment yeah I've been
wondering about that when the
president's gonna make some kind of an
address but it just isn't what it's just
not what he's optimized for he's so good
at other things but that's just not that
all right that guest didn't work let's
try another one let's try and Jedi Mack
let's see if Jedi Mack is here hello
Jedi Mack are you there my cab do you
have a question and/or antifa report I
actually have a question I just was
wondering if you could speak a little
bit about how you think the direction of
the economy is heading because I've been
seeing a lot of material about
hyperinflation in the near future within
the next 10 years and I was wondering if
it was going to happen even sooner since
all this has happened the past week well
I've got a degree in economics and an
MBA and I'll tell you everything I know
about that question nobody knows the
answer to that question
the the people who were predicting
anything 10 years from now you could
discount that entirely
because nobody can do a 10-year economic
prediction even on one variable such as
as inflation it just can't be done
nobody's ever done it nobody ever will
do it they're just too many
complications so I would never worry
about a ten-year economic prediction too
many adjustments and changes will happen
before before any of that happens that
said we printed digitally anyway
trillions of dollars under normal
circumstances that would immediately
cause inflation because people would
have more money but there's same amount
of goods so we would bid the price up
and people could raise the prices and
they could get it because people have
more money but in this rare situation
where there's no demand because of the
covetous situation you can actually
print trillions of dollars and it won't
immediately emphasis not immediately it
won't immediately cause inflation
because people can't raise prices
they're lucky if they get any customers
when when times are you know struggling
right now so nobody knows how long it
would take to get demand up to the point
where we have too much money for the
amount of demand or products whatever so
it probably won't happen in a few years
and then of course we don't have to
print any more money between now and
then because we'd have enough money in
the system presumably so there's at
least some possibility that this will
all work out and I'd love to give this
example which is everybody smart in
economics and finance everybody a
hundred percent of experts would have
told you you can't have strong growth
and inflation basically disappearing
those keya happen at the same time okay
and then and then Trump did it he did it
now I'm not saying he did it personally
but he was the president when it
happened and it's not supposed to even
be physically mathematically that the
physics of the economics just don't make
any sense so with something was
something that basic I mean that is
incredibly basic and the experts said it
couldn't be done and it was what about
the most basic
can we pay back our debts well nobody
knows believe it or not nobody knows we
don't know how much we could service we
don't know how much it big I could get
and we'd still be fine nobody knows at
all it's completely unknowable
so people have opinions but definitely
nobody knows so I'm not sure if that
gives you any comfort but what I would
say is we probably have lots of
flexibility as you tweak things and
engineer things and you know patch
things up as we go we tell I think sorry
there's a delay sources were there
saying that we're printing a lot of
money now to to help with the
unemployment and then like when the
insurance rates go up then they'll have
to somehow print more money and then
that's going to cause the hyperinflation
so that's this well well as as long as
the economy is crippled meaning that
demand is low you can sort of print a
lot of money trillions and trillions so
we'll see you that nobody knows but it
certainly so your friends point is well
in the category of things you should
consider but probably not something you
need to worry about right away thank you
so much thank you all right I think I'm
going to end it about here I think it's
a terribly tragic day for the black
community in this country and if they
I'll make the offer and I've been making
it for several years actually the same
offer if there are any specific changes
the laws or policies that they can
suggest they would make this situation
better
let me help I'd be happy to help help
you persuade and that's all I got for
now and I will talk to you tomorrow