[Music]
hey everybody come on in here Harry good
to see you
Kofi 2020 always a pleasure John Austin
Maximus what a pleasure to see all of
you in the morning to share the
simultaneous up and if you're prepared
if you're the kind of person who sees
opportunities if you're the kind of
person who seizes the day carpe diem
then you're probably already prepared
but the rest of you you still have a few
seconds to grab your cup of your mug or
your glasses mr. Stein cellist anchor
thermos flask canteen Grail goblet
vessel of any kind so along with your
favorite liquid I like coffee enjoyed me
now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine to the day the thing makes
everything better the simultaneous said
feel connected to everybody in the world
who is doing it even if it's
asynchronous oh yeah yep I feel
connected to all people
I believe I've attained a god-like
quality in which I am one with the
universe you probably feel it too
hey you can be God - there's no reason -
it needs to be just one let's talk about
some fun things my book loser think is
this week on Wall Street Journal's
best-selling business book list yay of
all the nonfiction business books in the
entire world that are in the United
States
I guess this list is for the United
States I've got one of the best-selling
ones in the entire country so you should
certainly check it out it's called loser
think and it's the best Christmas
present you ever got and the best one
you ever gave because as I often say
about my books if you read them
carefully
and you don't don't bend the pages after
you read it it's something I call a gift
item that's right
you can consume it and then you can give
it as a gift you can have your cake and
you can eat it too how many products
have that quality where you can consume
it and then give it as a gift not many
but my books got that all over it
all right this is amazing every once a
while you see balanced news coverage and
it makes you take a double take if you
have that experience yet have you had
the experience recently of watching the
news and it doesn't matter if it's left
leaning or right leaning news and
thinking to yourself if they queue
yourself what's going on here that's a
balanced news report I confused and that
happened to me I was reading all of her
Darcy's so he's a CNN guy he was writing
about Donald Trump juniors book that has
been a number one bestseller it might
still be number one and I think it is
actually and there was some controversy
because the Republican National
Committee bought a hundred thousand
dollars worth of books and people are
saying hey that's cheating because the
Republicans bought a big bunch of books
and then your number one book that's why
there's a little asterisks like
indicator a little dagger that they put
next to it of the list so all over Darcy
who works for CNN who is no fan of the
Trump's writes an article in which he
completely completely pees all over this
report and it makes it very clear that
Donald Jr absolutely deserved the number
one spot and here's why math
turns out that a hundred thousand
dollars doesn't buy many books and if
you look at what a commanding lead
Don juniors book ad I think he sold
70,000 the first week and the next best
book was half that and a hundred
thousand dollars buys you something like
you know three to seven thousand books
depending on discounts or whatever so
CNN writing an article with no
hesitation I don't think there's any
word in this article that even tries to
be like snarky about Trump yeah normally
you'd expect to see this article say
something like well despite his best
efforts to cheat the cheating didn't
make much difference in the end
you know you'd expect that some kind of
flavor of that but as none it's straight
up reporting and it's straight up saying
that the charges that you know Don
juniors book was number one because of
this by by the RNC is just false by math
and so all of her Darcy I say good job
so I will give you an unqualified
compliment for not only accurate
reporting because I know enough about
the business to know that the way he the
way he explained it is accurate and the
way it was originally reported was
illegitimate so a good job all in for
Darcy as CNN for clean reporting there
however CNN's brian Stelter I saw a
little clip in which he was talking
about how Fox News he quote discards all
the damaging information from the
impeachment ceremony now that I think
they did distinguish between the news
portion of Fox News that they think
covered it similar to the way they
covered it but that the opinion people
were in Brian's view discarding all the
damaging information from the
impeachment what does that make you do
think past the sale he's making
past the sale what's the sale the sale
is that there was damaging information
in the impeachment hearings if he makes
if he makes you think about whether or
not some members of Fox News have
discarded it it makes you uncle' assume
that it exists because you can't discard
something that doesn't exist so he's
talking past the sale I talked about it
when Trump does this all the time and he
doesn't a lot and here here you see the
same technique and it works every time
it works in the sense that it may not
change opinions but it it it's a good
persuasive strategy but if you want to
apply the same standard let me ask you
this question how many times have you
seen on CNN them grapple with the
following question so I'm not even
saying which way they come down on this
question
I'm just saying have they even discussed
it and they discussed it in any fashion
and here's the question was it United in
the United States interest that there
would be an investigation in Ukraine
about the Biden's activity given that
Joe Biden was leading in the polls to be
the next president has CNN asked that
question I'm seeing yeses but I don't
know if you're saying yes that you saw
it or yes to by point that's the trouble
with the comments sometimes are out of
timing so I can't tell if you're agree
with me or disagreeing but let me just
say this I I know that I know that CNN
has said and I've said it myself
I've agreed with them a bunch of times
that there's no there's no public
information that would suggest that Joe
Biden did anything illegal
I think that's fair right there's no
there's no evidence that Joe Biden today
thing illegal there's certainly things
which you'd like to know more about
because they they suggest that it's
worth looking into but it seems to me
that CNN continually skips over the only
question that mattered and this is why
it's the only question that mattered if
there was no legitimate reason to be
looking into Joe Biden in other words
legitimate in terms of the United States
citizens well then that's a big problem
because it means that that our foreign
policy was you know hostage in some
sense to a political question something
it was just purely political for the
president but suppose it's the opposite
which I've been saying for the entire
time that it is the opposite I'm a
citizen and I can check I can check this
fact with you we could do a fact check
right now I'm a citizen of the United
States I understand that not everybody
in the United States agrees with
everything the United States cares about
we have different priorities and such
but if there are a lot of people like me
and I don't know what percentage is
enough but yeah let's say let's say 30
percent of the voters have the same
opinion as me would it be worth looking
into so my opinion is that I would like
to know more about Ukraine and Joe Biden
in Hunter Biden to know if Ukraine has
any kind of compromising information on
them given that they Joe Biden might be
the next president according to the
polls so is there anybody out there if
you saw in the comments just tell me as
a citizen of the United States do you
have an interest a legitimate interest
not just curious not just wanting Joe
Biden to get in trouble but actual
legitimate interest if you could just
take your political hat off does it make
sense especially given you know alleged
and probably actual Russian interference
yeah and you see all the yeses going by
and and the thing now would it matter
the Democrats disagree with you so that
I would imagine if I were doing the same
presentation to an audience that was
mostly Democrats and I said is it
legitimate to ask these questions about
Joe Biden you would assume a lot of
people say no it's not legitimate
because there's not enough there you
know it's not enough that we can see
that would suggests there's a crime so
therefore it's illegitimate but does
that matter it actually doesn't matter
because if you had and I'm just gonna
pick a number for a conversation sake
imagine 30 percent of the voters if if
presented with this situation and you
said should we look into it there's no
there's no indication of an actual crime
by Joe Biden but because hunters got
some swampy things going on there and
that could be enough to create a little
let's say blackmail material and because
it wouldn't take much if Joe Biden
simply knew a little bit more about the
situation than we know he knows that's
already a problem right so if I'd say if
thirty percent of the country or 25
percent of the country and legitimate
need to know that information the
president has every right thority
responsibility fiduciary you know
responsibility to look into it
given that election interference is one
of our top priorities and should be so
CNN skips that question and here's the
interesting part
I think Fox News skips that question
pretty often too don't they have you
noticed that I know that some of the
opinion people on Fox News have made the
point that it's worth looking into I
think I've seen that but I don't know if
any of the news people have somebody
fact check me on that have any of the
news people not the opinion people on
Fox News ever pointed out or even dealt
with the question because there's news
people we don't want their opinion but
have they dealt with the question
interviewed
anybody had the story on it asking
whether it's worth looking into
is it a legitimate thing for anybody to
do and then the question that all the
inexperienced people are saying is you
know why would the president have to do
it himself and why would he have to send
Rudy and only inexperienced people would
ask that or somebody says for economists
covered to Don CNN Smerconish would be
opinion right but I'm wondering on Fox
News if any of the news people covered
it anyway sure I was gonna say something
else about that did you all see the
there's a tweet a lot of people tweeted
it it's a double screen in which it
shares the I think it's the chyron or
they what do you call it the little
label that the news puts at the bottom
of the screen that tells you what's
happening on the screen and at the
apparently at at the same time or or
around the same time CNN said at the
bottom of their screen when Sandlin was
testifying
sunlen confirms a quid pro quo and that
he looked at the fox news screen and
about the same time it said Sunland
confirms Trump told him no quid pro quo
and people are people are really waking
up to the two movies on one screen do
you remember the first time you heard
for me and it was probably 2016 might
have been 2015 I'm not sure but do you
remember the first time you heard me say
we're watching two movies on one screen
and you and try to remember what you
thought about that the first time you
it's the first time you heard what was
your first thought no not really
right well isn't that your first thought
well that's that's a little bit of a
hyperbole Scott it's not like we're
seeing different things maybe some
people are just lying about it or maybe
some people want to spin it a different
way but no Scott we're not actually
seeing
different things at the same time that's
not true that's probably what you
thought the first time you heard it
right I'll bet you don't think that now
did I not tell you in 2016 in these
exact words that president Trump would
do more than change politics I like
reminding you of this I predicted more
than once in 2016 that he would change
more than politics that he would change
he would rip a hole in the fabric of
reality and change how you saw reality
now the first time you heard me say that
what was your reaction to it
I'll bet you just flushed it out of your
head here that when if you were then in
2016 you probably just said crazy talk
you know he's not gonna change reality
or change how we view reality he's just
a politician that has you know his
pluses and minuses he's not gonna change
reality or the way we see it that's
probably what you thought the first time
I said that what do you think now is it
not completely clear completely clear at
this point that our our individual
subjective interpretations of our
environment are insanely different now
it's always been true yeah if the thing
that you got out of this was suddenly
we're seeing the world differently
that's not what happened we always saw
the world differently we just didn't
know it and when we when we could
realize we were seeing it differently we
assumed wrongly that the other team was
just lying right if you saw the world
one way and the other team saw it the
other way what did you think about them
you thought they were stupid uninformed
or lying right the thing you didn't
think problem
the thing you didn't think is that it
was an honest perception in other words
they were they were honestly trying to
interpret their world and they came to a
completely different you know different
version of it than you did but they
weren't lying to themselves and they
weren't any more stupid than the average
person they weren't any less informed
than the average persons were pretty
uninformed now you realize that it's an
actual perception difference yeah Johnny
and Laurel helped a little bit too we
actually are seeing reality so
fundamentally different that even
debating it doesn't make sense because
you're not even debating the same
reality there's somebody yeah in the
comments somebody's saying I used to
think the other team was crazy because
it looks like it right if you're in if
you're in your little manufactured
subjective world and you see somebody
else's manufactured subjective world it
can't be explained because you believe
that people have a good perception in
general you know at least we have enough
perception to you know navigate our
environment and get jobs and stuff so we
are now waking up to the fully
subjective reality fully subjective so
that's fun I would like to put in a good
word for something that you think is bad
but it's not all right so I'm did you
hear I'm priming you notice how I primed
you I'm pacing you now so I'm telling
you what you're thinking before I change
your mind so first I agree with you the
thing I'm going to recommend next and an
entertainment property I'm going to
recommend it and your first reaction is
played oh no no that's not funny
and I don't like that guy because he
says says things I don't like are you
ready
a Netflix Seth Meyers has a comedy
special it's really really good and you
should watch it I know I know what most
of you just
in your mind you just said Seth Meyers
that's that guy who says bad things
about President Trump and and I've
watched his show on TV and it's now
funny if I've watched him a million
times on TV and it's not that funny to
me and he says things about politics I
don't like why in the world would i
watch his comedy special well let me
tell you why it's brilliant it's really
brilliant so it's not just he's good at
it it's about as good as you're ever
gonna see it's really good it's clever
it's not terribly political except one
portion that he handles in a very clever
way so he does talk about a little some
politics and unlikely give it away but
the way he frames it makes it go down
okay so I watched a number of you know
anti Trump jokes they were just in one
little segment and he he walled off the
segment in a way that I think you will
appreciate it's kind of clever but he
did it so artfully that I really thought
I wasn't gonna like it but not only
didn't like it it was great it was
really great so do yourself a favor
because the holidays are coming so maybe
this holiday season we could not hate on
each other as much you know maybe we
could dial down they hate they hate at
least in terms of what team you're on
just dial down the hate just appreciate
Seth Seth Meyers for an insane ly good
performance it's really well written all
right now somebody says it's not funny
but I remind you the humor is subjective
right humor is subjective so there's
that but don't punish yourself for that
now along the same lines I'm not gonna
give you the details on this because I
don't want to draw attention to it but
once again I'm getting some heat by just
somebody on the internet nobody I know
because I must have said something good
about
buddy and that's somebody I said
something good with or associated with
has an opinion which they should be
executed for now when I say an opinion
for which they should be executed I'm
using hyperbole but it's been my it's
been my experience that just about
everybody I've ever associated with
either personally or professionally has
at least one opinion that I think they
should be executed for including me
right I probably have at least one
opinion that if you heard if you heard
all of my opinions you'd say oh most of
those are pretty good but that one I
think you should be executed for that
one it doesn't matter if you are the
left of the right doesn't matter if
you're the if it seems like you're the
worst person or the best person almost
everybody has at least one opinion that
I personally think they should be
executed for now because of that what do
you do with that you know what do you do
with the fact that almost everybody has
at least one opinion that's so odious
that you wish you know you wish it
didn't exist in your world well you
could not associate with those people
and then you would be a hermit
because I wouldn't be able to associate
it with literally anyone literally
anyone so here's what I recommend when
people push me for any Association I've
had this hasn't happened yet but I
expect it's gonna happen sometime in my
life
sooner or later somebody's going to take
a selfie with me and it's going to be
somebody who has an opinion about
something that I think they should be
executed for or you think should I be in
that picture let me let me put down my
marker right now so because this is
public I will I will appear with whoever
I want
for whatever I want anywhere I want and
you know what I say to the
people who tell me that they would like
to remove that right from my freedom as
an American you know what I say and it's
two words one of them starts with F I
won't use it today because it's weekend
your kids are home but you know you know
my reaction to this is almost violent
nobody tells me who I can talk to nobody
tells me who I can take a picture with
who I can have lunch with where I can
associate with nobody ever never and
here's the first thing you should know
about it
associating with me is good for people I
think I'm a good influence let me put it
this way if I spend time with somebody
who has let's say a terrible and wrong
opinion about something important
whatever it is is it likely that
associated with me will make them more
terrible or are they more likely to get
talked out of it you know the answer to
that for the most part I don't have you
know I must have at least one opinion
you would execute me for I just think
that's universal
but I'm not a bad influence
let me just make this as clear as
possible if you saw me having a lunch
with David Duke why should you think
about that should you think my god
Scott's become you know a racist nope I
mean that's what people would say of
course because that's the world we live
in
well you should say is David Duke is
becoming less of a racist because that's
what's gonna happen all right he's not
gonna make me more like him doesn't work
that way if you spend lunch with me
you're gonna be more like me when you
leave that's how it works in my case it
may be different for you
all right and by the way anybody who's
had lunch with me can confirm that I
know it's a strange claim but
it's true so now I don't have any plans
to have lunch with David Duke
I'm usually bad that's the extreme
example my point is associating with
people who disagree with you is first of
all necessary you couldn't live in the
world without associating with them in
fact when you go to your holiday family
greeting you're going to be associating
with a lot of people you think should be
executed for their opinions I mean you
don't want them to be executed because
they're your family most of the time but
man we we have to drop that standard
that people pick up the bad qualities of
other people by being associated with
them that there's a that's one of the
most destructive standards I've ever
heard in my life
alright let's talk about Trump says he
welcomes a Senate trial for the
impeachment stuff so in other words
Trump is saying yeah go ahead
take your best shot you're gonna do
you're gonna not like it and I guess if
it goes into a trial situation the
Senate is a lot more like a it's more
like a judicial process but different
but they'll be able to subpoena people
such as hunch Biden and Joe Biden and
they'll be able to subpoena Adam chef
now be honest don't you want to see that
show be honest I know most of you do not
want to see your president because most
of your Trump supporters if you're
watching this periscope I know you don't
want to see your president impeached I
know you don't want to see him accused
of things that are even impeach a bulb I
know you don't like any of that but you
don't have a choice you don't have a
choice about what happens there we the
public don't have a lot of you know sway
on this so if it's gonna happen anyway
you know that I think the Senate trial
is likely because yeah they're likely to
vote for impeachment in the
the house how much would you enjoy that
I cannot I cannot contain my level of
joy that I would have for that spectacle
I don't know if there's anything I could
enjoy more than that in fact there's no
movie no television show
no no special no play there's no poem no
book there is no YouTube video that I
would like more than watching the
Republicans be able to subpoena whoever
they want come on you know that's gonna
be a good show and I think it's heading
that way and I would love I would love
to to be in the heads of the top
Democratic leadership you know Pelosi
Schiff those guys what do you think
they're thinking that's a serious
question because I don't have a good
theory on that is this one of those two
reality situations in which you know a
chef and Pelosi do they think they
really have something and do they think
that what they're doing is still a good
strategy I don't know do you what would
be your best guess I I always warn you
that we can't do mind-reading so you
know your guests and my guests are
completely useless I mean because if
they're not accurate I mean we can't
assume that any of us can guess
anybody's minds and a distance but you
still have to operate in the world in
which you make those assumptions it's
just we're bad at the assumptions but
you still have to make them to sort of
operate and understand your world I
don't know what the Democratic
leadership is thinking because if I put
myself in their shoes I'm bringing my
own brain over there
and if it were my brain in Nancy
Pelosi's or shifts body I would think I
lost pretty hard but I think I'm just
biased right I I consume more probably
more news that's friendly to the
president and the other kind
so I'm probably biased but it does look
to me like the Democrats just stuck a
gun in their mouth and pulled the
trigger
I mean it looks like they committed
political suicide but I could be wrong I
mean I won't put that out as some kind
of fact but I will say that I I would
expect that the polls will continue to
show that the independents are not on
board you're clearly not going to see
anything like Republicans you know
jumping ship if anything you'll see some
Democrats jump ship the other way it
looks like a gigantic loss for the
Democrats now does that mean it was a
bad play probably not it was probably a
good play because they didn't have a
better play what are they gonna do try
to win the presidency with whom with who
or with whom I don't know which one that
is
wit what candidate for the Democrats do
they really seriously and their quiet
private moments think is going to be
Trump in a fair election I don't think
they do where at least they're pretty
worried about it so did it make sense
for them to try a Hail Mary pass and to
get him a beached to try to create
something out of nothing
yeah probably you know from a purely
naked political perspective it wasn't a
bad plight and I'll even go further I'll
say that their their persuasion game on
this whole impeachment thing was
extraordinary so if you would just look
at their technique you know the the way
they put it on the show the you know all
the bad ways they spun everything I
would say that their performance from
just a persuasion perspective was really
good I'm going to say a plus for the
Democrats collectively for the show they
put on in the persuasion because it did
it did persuade their side it totally
persuaded it now
the persuasion was excellent they had
mmm-hmm they just had one problem even
though their persuasion game was on
point
just one thing acting against them the
evidence if they hadn't had the evidence
working against them at least according
to half the people in the country which
you would need to persuade to get
anything done unfortunately the evidence
was not as friendly to them as it could
have been let's talk about Iran so
there's not much reporting out of Iran
we're getting these sort of generic
reports about massive protests about gas
price increases and rouhani is blaming
the US and and Iran is their internet is
almost only offline so we don't really
know what's going on over there doing
but of course you know it's all the US
and Israel's fault that according to her
in which they've said of course now I've
heard is that that our president is
being blamed and some of our politicians
are being blamed for not speaking out
more forcefully in favor of the Iranian
public and I think that's probably a
good strategy I think Trump you know I'm
not gonna say he's gonna stay quiet
about this forever but if you're trying
to play the the persuasion game here
right as long as things are going the
way we'd like them to go in Iran meaning
that the citizens are rising up against
the government
the best thing the United States could
do is stay as far away from that as
possible because you don't want anything
based on reality that the leadership can
say look look yeah they sent these
weapons to the resistance or they they
sent this message is clearly they're
behind it so so getting you know keeping
some distance from that is probably the
most sober and smart thing to do now
that calculation could change you
let's say let's say our intelligence
services reliably reported that the the
public was organized they wanted a coup
and all they needed was sort of a green
light from the United States that you
know the the coup would be recognized as
the new leaders so you can imagine some
future situation in which the the
tipping point would be so close to
tipping for a revolution that under
those very specific situations you can
imagine Trump coming out and saying yeah
we're with the citizens of Iran get this
done and we'll give you a great trade
deal but I don't think we're there yet I
would say the odds of Iran disappearing
in the next few months at least the
leadership probably low because I think
they could they have the the military
backing they could probably last a long
time even if the citizens were
complaining but yours here's a
persuasion play that I'd like to see
tell me if anybody has done this yeah
WMDs the WMD thing is an interesting
question because I think Iran has to
pretend they're sort of heading toward
WMDs without going too far because there
is some point at which the US will get
tougher and it's already pretty tough
and I don't know if Iran can get to the
point where they've got a nuclear weapon
and therefore we say oh okay well we'll
back off no sanctions or anything like
that I think they could have nuclear
weapons and just like North Korea they
would still get sanctioned as much or
more so I think there's a sort of a race
against time in which Iran wants to
pretend it's making some progress that
might be actual progress without being
so close to a bomb that we just have to
do something so that's a weird little
balance so we have to wait and see how
that comes off but here's my suggestion
if we wanted to aid the Iranian
evolution without a heavy hand without
looking like we're involved this is what
I would suggest we should publish
meaning social media or some friendly
news organization New York Times or
something should publish a best estimate
of Iran's budget and here's the
persuasion part the percentage of the
budget that Iran is spending to support
their proxies you know Hezbollah and in
Yemen etc and wherever else Iraq I guess
so now you say to yourself but wait
Scott there's no way that the United
States or anybody outside of Iran could
have any idea what the budget of Iran is
there's no way we could really know
because they've got you know secret
funds for their military and you know
it's not going to be public and all that
none of that matters none of that
matters
let me tell you something as someone who
was once a professional who made
financial projections there's no such
thing as an accurate financial
projection I mean sometimes by luck but
financial estimates even for
corporations even if your job is to
analyze Apple Computer all right some
companies are more you know predictable
than others but even a financial analyst
who's predicting what a company will do
it's pretty close to just guessing now
even though most of these financial
predictions are closer to guessing in
fact do they have an influence on people
yeah people buy stocks based on
financial estimates even though they're
worthless because we can't not pay
attention to them if you give somebody a
spreadsheet they act as if it's true
even if it doesn't so just putting
things in numbers if it's the only
estimate out there and there's nothing
to compare it to people will accept the
only estimate that's out there
although it would be impossible for us
to know the budget of Iran surely
there's someone out there who's willing
to take a guess somebody was an
economist some organization some
think-tank and they can say well the
budget of Iran is X billion and there
their public is 30% in poverty whatever
it is and they're giving 20 percent of
their entire budget to other countries
how long does the leadership of Iran
last with just that just that data in
the simplest form on one page just just
one page no details just say total
budget of ran percentage and dollar
amount that's going outside of Iran so
in other words just not the benefit of
the people in Iran and then poverty rate
in Iran three numbers four numbers if
you count percentage plus dollar now
imagine imagine that estimate and then
you wanted to come from some authority
looking organization maybe a think-tank
produce that page one page make it look
professional I don't want to look like
you know a meme maker made it make it
look like it came from a government from
some think tank and just put it on
social media will will tweet the living
bejesus out of it
now even though the Iranian public is
largely cut off from the rest of the
world it's fair to say the things that
are important to Iran are getting it
right when you agree that even though
the internet is effectively shut down
something as important as as that not
many things will get through but
something that's that's central to what
they care about
well that would get through and we could
certainly our intelligence agencies
could easily make sure it got through so
the Internet is no longer shut down so
we have to fact-check that so here's
here's why this works the the Iranian
public if they're starving that they're
not going to be willing to keep funding
the revolution in other countries that
they don't really care that much about
there's no way that they're going to
favor that and it would be a huge fuel
and what would be good is that it would
be a simplification simplifications are
one of the biggest parts of persuasion
you know it's repetition simplification
build the wall build the wall build the
wall simplification and repetition so we
could probably push Iran over the edge
just by providing a real realistic if
not totally accurate estimate of their
financial situation and just giving it
to the Republic that's all they need all
right
Komal Harris is on video there's a
little video clip I tweeted it around in
which she was talking about lowering
drug prices to which I said oh that's
good lowering drug prices that's a
popular thing what is her plan to lower
drug prices
I could be really in on this maybe maybe
she's gonna make a run for the
nomination after all because before I
was thinking that the the Harris
campaign was so bad there was like they
weren't even trying but now she's got
this idea from lowering pharmaceutical
prices and I'm thinking okay now you got
a good issue means something to just
about everybody important let's hear it
here's her plan if the pharmaceutical
companies don't voluntarily lower their
prices she's going to have the
government quote snatch their patents
you probably think you heard that wrong
the first time you hear that you say to
yourself and now add the context because
obviously nobody's running
president in the United States and
saying we'll take the patents away from
private companies now her her reasoning
is that many of these companies got to
where they are because of government
research and funding so she's saying
well the the taxpayers made it possible
for these companies to do what they're
doing and earned so much money so if
they don't lower their prices she'll
have the government is she used this
word snatch snatch their patents have
you ever heard of a worse thing to say
on the campaign trail no they're not
going to patent their snatches they're
gonna snatch their patents somebody says
snatch your patents is my safe word I
think you all just noticed something
which is that the word snatch and
patents go together really well those
are two words you don't hear together
now I've often said that to make
something funny and memorable you just
have to replace the boring words with
interesting words snatch is an
interesting word if she said we're going
to reclaim them it wouldn't be
interesting we're gonna let's say we'll
use a what's eminent domain or something
on their patents it just wouldn't be
interesting but snatch their patents I
might remember that phrase from the rest
of my life I'm gonna snatch your patents
in fact I'm gonna start saying that to
people in my real life anybody who makes
me mad if Christina does something I
don't like I'm gonna say you do that
again I'm gonna snatch your patent so
fast your head will spin
yep snatch their patents hashtag else
let's go Pierre Kamala Harris is plan to
snatch their patents with the Trump
administration plan which they're also
making some making some noise about
so apparently the Trump administration
wants to do two things that should make
a difference one is price transparency
and I think that involves
pharmaceuticals as well and of course
then market forces we know with lower
prices and we know that that works and
of course how can the big companies
complain too much about better
information you know market transparency
they can but it's a hard argument for
them to make now the other thing they're
doing is apparently there's some kind of
legislation going on where some states
but maybe not all of them I think
Florida is one will be allowed to buy
cheaper pharmaceuticals from other
countries maybe Canada and I don't know
the details of that but but once again
the Trump administration is reducing
regulations that shouldn't have been
there in the first place because they
were put there obviously buying
pharmaceutical lobbyists not by the
public and price transparency so the
Trump administration is using all the
things that the entire public thinks is
a good idea price transparency market
competition there's literally nobody who
thinks those are bad ideas and Komal
Harris is running against that with her
idea for snatchin patents tell me the
truth you're sitting at home and you
hear this phrase snatching patents did
you say it out loud even if you're alone
did you at least once say snatching
patents you almost can't say it you
almost can't afford saying it out loud
it's such a term anyway I do think I
don't know if you saw that it was Jeff
Billington who was tweeting around I
think it was a Nate Silver's website
fivethirtyeight.com
and I think they were tracking the
number of democratic important people
endorsements for each candidate
and the interesting thing is that the
person with the most endorsements I
believe is Biden is he first I forget
who's first but where I'm going with
this is that number two is Kamala Harris
Kamala Harris has the most people who
are important in the democratic party
backing air campaign and apparently
that's very predictive so the candidate
who has the most you know internal
Democratic support from the the big
player this is very likely to be the
nominee so we've seen that Harris got
rid of at least for now she got rid of
her laughing at her own jokes for silly
giggle she had a good debate and we're
watching Biden Bernie and Warren go down
who's going up who's going up Pete
Buddha judge Peabody judge again I'm
gonna I have to compliment him for
persuasion and just being an all-around
capable guy Pete Buddha judge has a
really strong game for a mayor of a
small town to be nipping at the buds of
the the leaders in their Democratic
Party you got to give that some props
you I don't know he had some some minor
like hiccups that the news was getting
on him I was watching a clip where Jake
Tapper was listing some of the things
his campaign did you've heard him
probably they used a stock photo they
came from Africa to say that it was a
mother talking to her kid and they use
that in their things saying that they
had a lot of African African American
support that people said that's not even
an American that's actually an African
in your picture does that matter no
that's like the least important thing
then I guess they had this list of black
leaders who were supporting Budaj edge
but some of the
people on the list were not black and
some of them were not supporting so that
was an embarrassment from the campaign
and I think there might a better one
another thing anyway so Jake Tapper
mentions these things to put a judge on
camera so that British judge can respond
and I was really waiting to see how he
handled it and man did he handle it well
if you didn't see that I want to call
attention to one of the best the best
ways I've ever seen something like that
handled so this is the question buddha
judge gets as you know your campaign has
made all these missteps and they seem to
be in the same category the category of
your black support you know what about
that and i'm paraphrasing but buddha jej
you know doesn't react like visually so
he doesn't look like he's bothered
that's good so he's not reacting like he
did something wrong and he looked
straight in the camera and he says I
take responsibility for any mistake my
campaign makes that's on me and then he
starts talking about the good stuff he's
doing and I thought that was really good
that was really good you look right in
the camera and said I take all
responsibility for everything my
campaign does yeah any mistake they make
that's on me and then he talks about the
good stuff it was really really well
done you know it's it's a small you know
the the news doesn't focus on technique
so much but technique wise that was as
good as you can get that was about as
good as you can get now I believe that
Buddha judges support in the
african-american community is too low to
get him elected and I believe that
Democrats know that when Carla Harris
was making noise about you need somebody
who can bring the quote which he caught
the Obama coalition together she is
really saying Buddha judge can't do it
she doesn't have to say Buddha judge
because everybody fills in the blank
it's like uh Elizabeth Warren into a
judge they can't get it done but but
maybe she could
now I don't know what her support is in
the african-american community either
but if she became the nominee I think it
would be pretty high so there's this
news that there's something going to
come out we only have leaks and you know
anonymous reporting that I guess the
Horowitz findings concerning the
falsified Phi as a document were turned
over to Durham and Durham's the the
criminal investigation guy so so some X
FBI lawyer allegedly changed something
on a FISA document to try to get a court
to approve their FISA requests and that
that change is being reported as
significant but I don't know if it's
significant I would say we're in fog of
war so here's what I would say about
that everything you hear about this
story you should assume is false
somebody says hold your fire on this one
yeah that's exactly what I was going to
say so you gotta had to be a little bit
this is fog of war stuff you're yeah
you're you're early opinion on this
should be that you don't know anything
that nothing is happening my prediction
is there's not going to be a bombshell I
think probably it's just going to be a
fizzle which doesn't mean there's
nothing in the future that will be a
bombshell but every time you see a story
that sort of feels like this it's like
this kind of thing there's a little
leaking and it might be a bombshell but
other people are saying well probably
not if you can bet on probably not if
there's anybody saying it's a bombshell
and there's anybody saying it's probably
not bet on the probably not probably not
wins a ten or ten times did you see that
Trump Rita tweeted a meme about Chris
Cuomo when he was testing that cellphone
to see if you could hear a cell phone
conversation coming out of the speaker
when it's not on speakerphone and you
probably all saw this you know it so
Chris Cuomo did a little live
demonstration of this with his cohort
who's Dana Bash and he called his mother
Chris Cuomo dead and then held it up you
know away from Dana Bash to see if he
data could hear his mother on the cell
phone without the speakerphone be on now
he wanted to show I'm sure that you
could hear it but it was sort of a fail
because Dana Bash couldn't hear it now
some me maker took that video and
changed the the label on the bottom of
CNN screen to - very funny versions and
then instead of the blank space where
the mom would have been talking on the
phone if you could hear her they
inserted clips from Trump's speeches you
have to see this thing it's really funny
so it's funny for two reasons one is
that the the the little label on the
bottom of the screen says that Trump is
at Chris Cuomo's mother's house so he
answered the phone if that's not funny
you're dead on the inside the fact that
Chris Cole was mom might have been with
Trump because you know your head goes to
the funny place
wait what's Trump doing with Chris Cuomo
his mom okay so it's funny just by
itself somebody saying that carpi dumped
him did it I didn't see his watermark on
that but it seems like his B his work so
let's fact check that if it was carpe
tantum then that's another homerun but I
want to fact check that so so the first
funny part is that Trump is this being
reported at Chris Cole almost mom's
house oh that can't get any funnier and
then when you hear what the clips are
that he's saying it's it's just solid
gold but then oh somebody says he pinned
it it's a pin
so the second funny part is just that
the President of the United States
tweeted it okay it's hilarious by itself
and it's hilarious just that the other
set up it's hilarious the way it was
executed number that is triple hilarious
because the President of the United
States who's always being criticized for
being on presidential tweets Africa
thing and you practically cry when you
see it because it's just so wrong
that is perfect you know and and for the
people who can't understand the humor in
that you have to understand that the
wrongness of it the fact that it's
coming from the office of the president
is what makes that funny yeah that that
that adds the humor and of course the
president knows that and he knows that
is his supporters love it so we talked
about the Tesla's cyber truck that Elon
Musk introduced and of course he had the
bad luck of they threw the ball bearing
at the window that was supposed to be
bulletproof and it broke the window and
then they they said well let's try this
other window and it broke that one too
and of course I said maybe you shouldn't
try that for the first time on live you
know a live TV but I thought to myself
also it's is it really possible that
Elon Musk and all of these engineers the
top engineers and smartest people in the
world is it possible they wouldn't have
tested that first and sure enough Elon
is taking it with a good sense of humor
because he has a good sense of humor and
he's he tweeted out a behind the scenes
picture where they showed the same guy
with the same object testing it against
the same car and he's throwing it
against the window and it's just
bouncing back and and so then the next
question I asked myself is do you know
what the next question is some of you
are saying he did it on purpose I think
that's unlikely but do you know what my
second question
just put your engineering hand on what's
the second question they tested it and
it worked but then apparently it didn't
work in the real thing what's the second
question you're an engineer now somebody
says sabotage I mean that would be very
clever
somebody said two hits is not enough to
test it yeah that's a fair engineering
statement he threw I think some kind of
a ball bearing that was maybe the size
of a small baseball somebody says maybe
it's only bulletproof once bingo whoever
is the engineer or smart enough to be an
engineer who said maybe it can only take
two hits there you go hey I don't
believe that a bulletproof window is
designed to take infinite bullets I
think it's sort of time to run away is
all and when he threw the object against
it it didn't actually I don't know that
it actually penetrated through it just
cracked it and depressed it you know
what I would call it if you shot a
bullet into a window and it cracked it
and depressed it but it didn't didn't
let the bullet through what do you call
that
bulletproof yeah I think his
demonstration actually proved it was
bulletproof now let me so obviously it
was tested but I think there's some
reason to believe that maybe the early
tests weakened the structure of the
other thing and so maybe there was a
reason that it broke all right well let
me tell you a funny story this is a true
story when I was a bank teller I got
robbed a couple of times at gunpoint
now I was working in the branch so I was
just a teller at the window and somebody
came up and you know one case put a gun
in my face and the other case did a did
the simulated pocket gun thing but I got
robbed twice at gunpoint when I was a
teller and my boss told me this story
about when he was the teller they put
him on the the drive up window at the
bank now if you've seen the drive up
window you know
got this bulletproof glass and and they
hand things through the little the
little you know pocket there so that you
can't get robbed and my boss tells the
story that his boss when he told them
about the job
he said if somebody pulls a gun out and
tries to rob you don't give them any
money because you're behind a
bulletproof glass and so so my boss
hears this training it's like alright
bulletproof glass even if I see a gun I
don't need to give them the money so one
day he gets robbed guy drives up pulls
out a magnum 44 now if you don't know
your guns and I don't know I'm not like
a gun guy but if you've ever seen the
gun that Dirty Harry used it's a handgun
but it's like this long it's like the
most horrific looking handgun you've
ever seen in your life
it looks like it could shoot through yo
titanium so he pulls out this handgun
puts it up to the glass I have the guys
on the other side of the glass looking
at this handgun it's like the biggest
handgun in the world and he started
shoveling money through yeah there you
go
so the robbery is successful and then
afterwards he's being debriefed and the
and his boss says to him I told you it
was bulletproof glass
you know I told us bulletproof why did
you give him the money and as my boss
tells the story he turned to his boss
and he said to him to find bulletproof
which is one of the all-time best lines
because I think with those two words
define bulletproof of course he was out
of trouble because bulletproof does need
a definition doesn't it does bulletproof
mean in every case it will stop every
bullet doesn't mean as a good chance of
stopping the first one does it mean it
works great for lower caliber handguns
does
mean it'll stop a shotgun but not a
machine gun define bulletproof so I
think with the Tesla truck there's a
similar situation in which it would have
been a great demonstration as the yes
the window had not cracked in any
fashion like they did in the tests but
the fact that this thing took a whole
bunch of hits with a ball bearing in
practice and then even though it cracked
it didn't crack through it's pretty
impressive I gotta say it's pretty
impressive so it didn't give didn't give
Tesla what they wanted on that but it
looks like it's still still pretty good
glass all right here's my question this
is the dog that didn't bark I'm gonna
ask you why we don't know the answer to
this we know that China is doing all
kinds of bad stuff to the United States
they're stealing our IP they're giving
us bad trade deals or shipping fentanyl
here so we know all that let me ask you
this are they doing it to Russia and you
just have a thought to yourself why
don't I know that why don't I know the
answer to that question is China
screwing Russia as rigorously as they're
screwing the United States yeah you just
had you just had a reaction didn't you
because you don't know the answer to
that question may be you probably have
some assumptions but here's the question
if they're not shouldn't we learn why
not and try that get it in them if
they're not but here's where it gets
more fun what if they are what if they
are I keep telling you that we were
negotiating with these big let's say
frenemy you know rival countries we've
negotiated with them as if there are
shortages that if they get something we
don't get it but we're not in the
shortage world we're in the world of
abundance we're in the world where if we
get along we both make more money it's
really that
if we don't get along we both lose money
if we do get along we both make money
every time I don't think there's any
exception to that you know in the past
you could actually conquer another
country hold their territory tax them
you could make a profit you can actually
make a profit from or not every time
obviously the losing army didn't make
any profit but at least she had a chance
in today's world there's no way to
profit for more and there's not even a
way to profit by being at each other now
obviously China thought it was getting
away with something stealing our IP and
getting away with good trade deals and
stuff but it can't last because
eventually you get a Trump and Trump
says how about now and then China says
well if we can't do what we've been
doing to you for years
we'll stop trading with you and then you
get a trump who says okay okay if that's
your other choice you know we're happy
to just tariffs the hell out of your
products and we can do it as long as you
want we're just not going to do the old
thing we used to do it where you just
robbed us every day so here's my here's
where I'm heading with this I think we
should be making China and Russia
compete for our affections and why is it
the first time you ever heard that about
it is we live in the world where we're
like they're our enemy and we're poking
them they're poking us and we're poking
in their Poconos we're trying to contain
them and all that why don't we just say
you know we're the big three countries
and we'd like to be really good friends
with both of you but yes that's not an
option we'll take one of you who wants
to go first because whoever goes first
it's gonna make a ton of money and you
will be militarily completely safe I
mean we're pretty safe right now but but
if we were to say hey Russia
here's the deal you stop poking us we'll
stop poking you you stay out of our
elections and all that stuff we'll stop
trying to overthrow your regime with our
whatever we're doing because we probably
are and the only thing we want from you
besides not poking us anymore and we
won't poke you is that you be our friend
and how does trying to feel about that
so I think we should be negotiating with
these countries from a a mindset of
abundance I Trump use this with North
Korea but he has not used it as let's
say as cleanly as I'm stating it with
Russia and China although he has
expressly said these same things that
they could make more money I think we
can we could push on that harder I think
well here's what's missing
I think what's missing is the way I
framed it the way I framed it is that
were we have a an old mindset that we
have to be enemies and that by being
enemies we can maximize our own gain
that's an old mindset it just doesn't
match anything in the current world the
new mindset should be abundance that if
we can work together productively we
just get richer and the way I just said
it is almost it's almost indescribable
effective because everybody likes more
money and there's nothing to argue with
in that statement I think every every
smart person would agree that if we can
get along we both make more money and if
we don't get along we both lose money
it's really as simple as that all right
I I saw a video and I heard a fact that
I didn't know that might actually modify
some of my opinions on Joe Biden were
you aware that he had a lifetime
struggle with stuttering did you know
that I didn't know that until yesterday
so apparently Joe Biden had quite a bad
stutter when he was young which first of
all would explain why he has such a
negative reaction to Trump and who he
see
as a boolean somebody saying stammering
I I don't know the technical difference
between the two but something in that
family stuttering or stammering and so
he was the Biden was the subject of
intense bullying as a kid so you can
imagine that he's pretty triggered by
anybody who reminds him or acts like a
bully so I could imagine that Trump is
exactly the kind of person he would like
the least so that that was like really
interesting but it also gives you some
let's say context for his gaffes so he
has a lot of gaps and I'm gonna tell you
something that you would never know if
you didn't hear from somebody who also
had a lot of experience with a voice
problem so as most of you know for three
and a half years I could not speak
through because I had this exotic
problem called a focal dysphonia now
when I say I couldn't speak I could make
noise but I couldn't form lots of vowel
sounds and some vowels triggered me
vowels consonants mostly some consonants
triggered me so that I couldn't speak
and others did not so for example the
letter D or T would cause me not to be
able to say the word and so if I tried
to communicate I would be trying to
think the thought I'm trying to say and
I'd be trying to think what words to use
and then I would have to also evaluate
whether any of the words in the sentence
had a consonant in them that I couldn't
pronounce and so the first sentence I
think before I would say it I'd have to
read it in my mind and say is there a
consonant in there I can't pronounce
crap there is what can I substitute I'll
substitute this different word it's not
going to sound like it makes sense but I
could try it no that won't make sense
now you have to think of all those
thoughts in real time while you're
talking in public imagine being on
camera and knowing that there are
certain words especially in high-stress
situations certain words they're gonna
make you stutter and you don't want to
do that
so you're thinking of the right word and
then rejecting it because it has the
wrong consonant and then trying to
substitute it and you're doing all that
thinking in public while you're trying
to convey a difficult concept
would that make you have a gaffe well it
doesn't make you have the gaffes where
you don't know what state you're in
those sorts of things but it would make
you stutter it would make you stammer to
make sure that you're not dealing with
one of the hard words so I'm just gonna
say keep that in mind I everybody who
all the people who talk about Biden have
you ever heard this about any other
politician in his situation have you
ever heard a politician who even all the
people on the other side say well but
one thing's true he's a great guy I even
do people who dislike him say he's a
really great guy like one of the best
guys ever and I think that maybe that's
true oh you know somebody's talking
about exponentially yeah maybe maybe he
is trying to avoid a word he can't
pronounce maybe I don't know so I would
say of Joe Biden that you should at
least factor in his age factor in the
fact that he's got some speech
difficulties that no doubt linger so put
that all in there and remember he's a
nice guy so we don't have to aid him I
don't think he's qualified to be
President but we don't have to be mean
about it all right that's all I got for
now and I will I will talk to you all
later