[Music]
[Music]
sorry I'm a little late had a little
technical problem I had to reboot but
we're all good now ladies and gentlemen
it couldn't be a better time you have
made it to coffee with Scott Adams the
highlight of human civilization and I
don't think you could be happier about
it could you no it'd be impossible and
so if you'd like to take this experience
up to level that nobody can even
understand all you need is a copper a
Mugger a glass a tanker chelse d a
canteen Jugger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine in of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous
Sip and it happens now
go oh that's so good so
good that is possibly the best
simultaneous sip I've had all
morning
now yeah that's so good thanks for
joining me in that simultaneous sip now
the news is all silly and ridiculous in
other words it's the kind we like the
best so we're just going to mock stuff
today I'm going to start with uh the
pallet cleansers easy news and we'll get
to the fun stuff um my favorite thing on
Instagram lately is uh you know how
there's always these reels of people
making amazing claims like Graham Graham
Hancock and you know what's up with
those pyramids and stuff and I love that
stuff I'm totally addicted to all of
those you know cons theories about how
early life happened but my favorite is a
guy who I can't tell if he's
joking so this is either a really clever
prank uh that that he's really taking
pretty far or he's really trying to sell
these ideas and here's what he's
selling now now keep in mind this
doesn't make any sense which is what
makes it funnier so there's a gentleman
who has a microphone like I have and
he's in a darkened room and he appears
to be like in some podcast but probably
he's not you know probably there's
nobody else in the room he's just acting
like he is and he and he explains that
dinosaur uh is a Greek word
invented by the Greeks but the Greeks
had no idea that dinosaurs
existed but they came up with the word
dinosaur that means terrible lizard and
so this gentleman it doesn't matter who
it is I won't I don't even know his name
but he concluded that dinosaurs must
have existed when the Greeks came up
with the word now I know that doesn't
make sense but that's what makes it
fun and then he went further to say you
wonder how all those big rocks got moved
for the
pyramids maybe the dinosaurs were
employed to bring the big rocks to
the okay I told you it was ridiculous
but this is the best prank because he's
playing it completely seriously and it's
not the only thing you want to hear
another
one on another reel he makes his
claim um that everyone knows and you can
look it up that you can't make pottery
without
electricity
do you believe that do you believe you
can't make pottery without
electricity of course you can but he
says it like it's a fact and then he
says that all the pottery that we've
been finding from ancient civilizations
proves they had
electricity and they've been keeping it
a secret from us all the ancient
civilizations they were making their
body with the the electricity but then
it gets worse and then he said says what
about those early explorers who are
going out in their ships and like
exploring the new world he goes you
can't run GPS without
electricity so probably they were just
using GPS and they're lying to us that
they didn't have any
electricity now I honestly don't know if
he's trying to sell this like is real or
or if it's just a giant ongoing prank it
looks like a prank
but it's so close to the line of
something that might be you know he's
just trying to get uh views I don't know
I really don't
know speaking of things that might be
serious and there might be a prank uh as
end wokeness tells us on X Saturday
Night Live did a segment uh their fake
News segment which is funny
because that we we know theirs isn't
real news but the only time you'd know
that anyway uh they mocked Trump for
what they said was uh Trump re
introduced an interesting new term Deb
banking I don't know what the hell de
banking even
means and then they go on to to mock him
for making up a word
debank so as and wokness points out the
people on the left the
Democrats they don't know that
conservatives are being debanked
they didn't know about the Canadian
truckers getting debanked they didn't
know about conservatives in general
being debanked for whatever
accusations and so it turns
out the Democrats are debank and
Republicans are
debunking that's right no Republican has
debanked any any uh Democrat but
Democrats have definitely or people on
the left in Canada have uh certainly
debunked PE or debanked people on the
right and by the way debanked is a real
world word debanked is just the right
word it's exactly the right word so
Trump once again knew more than the
media that was mocking him but they
mocked him because they didn't know he
knew more the other case was the uh uh
the drinking bleach case where what he
really said was ingesting you know
putting light into your body so he knew
more about that topic but because they
knew less they got to mock him like he
was the idiot but once again he knew
more than the
mockers well so if you're going to view
this on YouTube one of several platforms
I'm broadcasting to right now um I used
AI I've been experimenting with AI to
see how I can fix up my videos so here
are all the things you can do with AI to
fix a video based on my research
yesterday there's no app that does all
of these things so it's probably a five
or six app process but here are the
things you could do so one of them I did
was I uh took the URL of my YouTube
video just the URL pasted into a thing
called instant chapters it's an AI app
$9 a month and it created timestamps so
it found all the categories on its own
you know where the topic changed and it
built a uh a formal time stamp that you
could paste into the description field
of YouTube and it becomes clickable
because it knows the
format that YouTube is looking for to
make a timestamp clickable so I did that
on the last two videos on YouTube all
added to rumble as well but um take a
look at that and you might be impressed
at what I can do it's not as good as if
you did it by yourself but it worked you
you you could get pretty close to
whatever ever topic you wanted but here
are the other things that could do one
of them is if you had bad sound like I
usually do uh and a bad microphone or
background noise um you can run it
through Ai and it will fix the sound and
make it sound like Studio
sound now you might say how can you fix
it like how can you remove noise and do
that you know we never could do it
before and the way it does it is it
doesn't remove noise it actually makes a
whole new video and audio of you it just
replaces you because it can do such a
good imitation of you that if let me say
this as clearly as possible let's say I
was doing my
ABCs abz and there was Distortion and
bad sound when the AI went to fix it it
wouldn't clean up my original sound it
would do an impression of
me video and audio and you wouldn't know
the
difference is that freaky you wouldn't
know the difference it would be a fake
me for that
time now here's a weirder one there's
another app I forget what it is AI app
that if you if I were to do the show and
let's say I
misspoke so let's say I talk for an hour
and I let's say once I refer to the
Democrats as
Republicans and I want to fix that or as
I just did when I said uh Democrats when
I was referring to Canadian politics you
which was just a mistake I could look at
the transcript using a different app I
could look at the the the written
transcript of my talk that I'm giving
now I could find where I said Democrat
which was a mistake I could edit the
sentence the text not the Audio I could
change the text of the transcript and
then the AI would read the new
transcript script and recreate the audio
as if I had said it
correctly is that
wild that's just amazing to me all right
here's some other things you can do you
can find viral clips and make them any
of your longer form I don't believe that
works I'm going to have to see that one
with my own eyes I don't think AI could
figure out what people want I don't
think that's the thing but we'll see
maybe it
does it can add captions it can remove
there's one of them that removes your
pauses your your Ms and your eyes so if
you did a lot of um you know this story
uh got another one it would remove all
of them with just one one press of a
button
incredible
um and
yeah so here's what I think is going to
happen so right now it would take you
like five apps and you have to do a
bunch of research and you'd have he'd
have to sign up for every app just to
see if it works so it's not a great
situation I might use a few more of
these just to see what I can come up
with but um I assume that it's like the
early PC days where the first personal
computers the the market was just
saturated with different companies
making computers so it was hard to do
things but then then once it became you
know the the IBM type PC and and the mac
and to type it became easier to give
software and things were more standard
and interoperable that's what's going to
happen with these AI apps um they're go
sooner or later there'll be a company
that just rolls up these little
companies and you can take it you can
take a video and you could just do a
checkbox all right fix the audio give me
some viral Clips take out my
azoms boom the whole thing so we're
probably six months away from that
that the world's largest cruise ship
just launched the icon of the sea it's
almost four city blocks it's got 40
restaurants bars and lounges and
swimming pools and ice skating rinks
7600 passengers 2400 crew so we're up at
what 10,000
people 10,000 people on a
boat now don't you think that we're
guaranteed at some point in the future
that a billionaire will build a boat
just as a seing new
country it's going to be like the
Freedom
Boat there'll be one boat that's somehow
get funded that will be its own
country it's pretty much guaranteed
wouldn't you
say yeah I think it's guaranteed that
there will be a a boat Nation now the
beauty of it is that if you need
supplies or you need to visit you just
pull your boat up to the shore and buy
some supplies and go visit and I thought
to myself would I be willing to live
let's say it was my permanent
residence would I be willing to live on
a boat that was had 10,000 people in
it I grew up in a town that had 2,000
people in it yeah I would live in a boat
with 10,000 that would be five times
bigger than the town I grew up
in yeah actually it's kind of attractive
idea I wouldn't minded at all probably
all right so I don't know if you you
heard that there's probably water on
Mars so under under sea water looks like
there's evidence there was water the
most so we might be able to tap into it
there's one place in Mars that if we
drilled we might actually get
water which would suggest that maybe
there was more on Mars in the past which
would suggest um and by the way there's
we've got some kind of a Rover up there
now that has already scraped up some
some stuff that could turn out to be
Signs of Life might be some fossils
there now suppose we found that there
was water on
Mars and signs of
life I wonder if we're going to start to
think it could be like all these lost
civilizations on Earth where we keep
digging up a lost city do do you think
there's any chance that under all that
dirt on Mars there's just a whole bunch
of dead cities and that you know there
was a billion years of mors civilization
that just didn't make it or better
better they did make it into a planetary
State before Mars
died and that we are the
Martians what about that if you were a
martian civilization then your planet
was dying for some reason Earth would be
the most obvious place to go you might
even seed it with new animals to add
stuff to eat
maybe all right
um so it turns out we hear some good
news you're worried about the robots
trying to kill us well here's one reason
that they might Keep Us Alive uh turns
out that scientists have created a
battery using
hemoglobin that's right the component in
your blood
hemoglobin so um then they can make a
really good battery out of
it so when the robots take over they
don't need to kill all the people
because they can turn us into
batteries you know they we we'll be like
uh cows and instead of giving milk
because you know robots don't need milk
but they might need a hemoglobin to
power themselves so we'll probably be in
farms and then the robots will Farm us
for
hemoglobin so that's something to look
forward to no don't worry because as
somebody pointed out you can get
hemoglobin from animals from you know
mammals so probably we would just get it
from goats or cows or something like
that because that's what we are we're
horrible people we're we're a horrible h
civilization all right but that's not
the only breakthrough in batteries
there's like a there's another solid
state battery there was news about
yesterday that's that you could charge
in 10 minutes there's probably about 25
projects going on a lot more of them
about 25 or so that could create the
next battery that's way better than what
we have so there's a lot happening in
Battery Technology and I think we'll see
a lot happening there is now a uh a
little device handheld device that can
detect skin cancer uses AI of course um
it's called Derma sensor it can detect
your skin cancer with 95%
accuracy now it uses light it shines
light on the whatever your skin lesion
is or problem and the the way the light
is reflected I guess will tell you
something different about its nature
whether it's cancer or not now I was
wondering if if Trump had talked about
this technology
first how would the news report
it Trump would say something like yeah
now they have this new sensor it can
shine light you know light on a on a imp
infection on your skin and tell if you
have cancer and then CNN would
report Trump
suggests shoving a device up your ass to
check for
cancer I feel like that's how they would
yeah I mean and then they talk to
experts and they say um does it make
sense to shove this device up your ass
just to check for skin cancer and then
Dr Burks would say no no we we really
don't recommend that and this is why you
should listen to the science and not
Trump because you know Trump would want
to shove this right up your ass and we
don't think that's good medical advice
yeah so that's how they would report
it well here's the good news I told you
that there were paid trolls that came
after me um if you don't know this is a
real thing it's not me imagining it in
2016 I thought I was imagining that
there were paid trolls that were coming
after me it turns out it was conf
confirmed there was a whole operation to
send paid trolls after people who said
good things about Trump and uh a few
days ago they they hit me and you could
tell the trolls because they have
similar looking accounts you know they
don't look so real and they've only
about around one year you know they they
started their accounts a year ago so
they'd be ready and they all say the
same things this sound like some
psychologist told them what to say to
hurt me
but all it did is make me
Trend so I trended for 2 days and it
wasn't and all they said was stuff like
I'm the most divorced man in
America is That's supposed to hurt
me
okay um and so thanks to the trolls
boosting my attention I'm up to 1.1
million followers 1.1 million so they
put me over the the 0.1 thank you thank
you trolls good job
um George Clooney had some negative
things to say about Trump no surprise
but let me just tell you that my working
assumption is that the the major
celebrities who get really involved in
politics I assume that they're working
with intelligence
groups now I don't have proof of that I
don't have even strong evidence of it
but the people who act like it's their
job you know the Rob reiners the Stephen
Kings the George Clooney they act like
it's their job that that's different
than you know somebody who's just
comedian and they're making fun of
politics that's just normal so I don't
think you know necessarily Jimmy Kimmel
is you know part of any kind of a plot
because that's just his job to make fun
of politics but when you see like a
cloney and Rob Riner and Stephen King
and they they seem to spend way much too
much time saying things about trump it
starts to look like their
job you now I don't think they're
getting a paycheck from anybody and I
don't have any allegations that I could
back up but they act exactly
like uh it's oldtime Hollywood and the
CIA we know this part is not being made
up we know in the past they did try to
influence the big studios and the movies
and the TV shows so that the our
entertainment was consistent with what
the government want us to think and feel
about things so I don't
know if any of these are just imitators
of other people or if they're actually
working with the CIA or somebody else
but they act like it so my working
assumption is
that there's some CIA
connection not that there would be
anything wrong with that it would be
completely legal and uh it would just be
what you know you might have a different
opinion about what their message
is all right somebody asked uh me what's
the difference between George cloney and
Rob Riner and me because we're all
talking about
politics the difference is I'm doing
this for a
living like like I said Jimmy Kimmel I
don't suspect him of being a CIA
operative because he does it for a
living that's what I'm doing I'm here
every day if the only thing I did was
like post PO on X then you should have
the same question about me right you
should have the same question about me
if if mostly I was just being a
cartoonist but weirdly I was saying a
lot of political things on the side that
would be
suspicious but clearly I'm in it for you
know larger reasons all right so that
whole January 6 pipe bomb thing I think
we can conclude at this point it was as
Kyle Becker explains on
X that the DNC and RNC pipe bomb threats
were the backup plan to the plot to
frame Donald Trump and his supporters
for an Insurrection on January 6 so it
looks like it it was January 6 was a big
op and that part of the op was to you
know get that Riot to look as dangerous
as possible but also if it wasn't as
dangerous as it could have been they had
some fake bombs to make it look like it
was a genuine Insurrection so Kyle ER
describes his theory on all that I don't
I don't know because it would require
some court case or require reading minds
or something but everything about you
know the the video I don't know there's
some problem with the video and
something got deleted and basically it
had every sketchy element you could
possibly have so I believe the
conspiracy theory um on this yeah the J
the January 6 pipe bombs do not look
like an organic anything it just looks
like an
OP all right uh here's some end wokeness
reports that El Salvador which famously
has a very popular president right now
who rounded up basically all the gang
members and criminals and just put them
in jail basically
forever and how did that work well El
Salvador went from one of the highest
homicide rates on Earth oh actually the
highest homicide rate on Earth to the
total number of homicides in El Salvador
uh this year so far is
uh
zero now that's only this year so far so
it's less than a month but there zero so
it turns out if you put all the
criminals in jail you get zero
murders
um yeah so
what what do you make of that report
that El Salvador had zero murders
because they are doing such a good job
of locking up their
criminals sounds right right so you
believe it you believe it because it
sounds
true let me ask you
this do you believe there's a Central
American government that tells you the
truth about their government
statistics
really really you going to believe
something that a Central American
government government tells you about
how successful they are
really no I don't believe this now it
could be that they are successful but
when they give you a number like zero
murders from being the murder capital of
the solar
system it's not impossible let me say
that it's not impossible that it was
Zero but should you believe it just
because they reported it and you want to
believe it that's not good enough
There's Something About This El Salvador
situation that's not working for me and
I I can't articulate it yet maybe I will
someday but there's something very fake
about this whole
situation I hope it's all true because
you know don't we want it to be that
there's a there's a obvious way to stop
all crime put the criminals in jail so I
don't know I think it might be a
combination of a good idea
plus a lot of
 so could be a good idea net but
I wouldn't rule out how much
there is in the story it just has all
the markings of something that isn't
exactly accurate I just don't know what
it is that's bothering me about it two
on the nose maybe two on the nose to
perfect yeah there's something about it
that doesn't Scream real
life well in other news makes you
dumb um apparently there's a link
between Alzheimer's and weight so if
you're heavier you've got something in
common with the dementia and Alzheimer's
patients of the future now I don't think
they didn't quite prove that if you're
obese you're going to get Alzheimer's
faster but there seems to be a link do
you believe that that obesity would be
linked to mental
issues I believe it because if exercise
is good for your brain I'm guessing that
the obese have a little less of it not
necessarily not for every person you
there are obese people who exercise
regularly
but
um yeah I I think we need to do a really
deep dive into our food issue as RFK JR
says all right uh I saw Alex Epstein put
a uh chart on X showing the uh the
CO2 you know had been uh is sort of
rapidly increasing you as
industrialization increased increased
but during that same Arc the same period
of time when CO2 was going through the
roof as it is now according to the
alarmists in the same time if you did a
graph of the deaths from weather related
events they would be moving in opposite
directions at the same time so while CO2
was was going up people dying from
weather was going down in in just this
huge Divergence not a little bit I'm not
talking about you know the rate of
deaths you wasn't climbing as fast no it
was
plunging you know as coot was climbing
like crazy the number of deaths from
weather was just falling off a cliff it
just went to practically hardly ever
happens now if you were a legitimate
scientist what would you conclude from
those two
Trends if you wanted to conclude that
CO2 saves
lives there it is CO2 is up lives are
saved it's a very direct
correlation now of course what causes
the CO2 is industrialization and
economic growth and that's you know
that's what gives you the assets to
protect people from uh weather problems
and of course we can predict it better
and our architecture is hardened and and
all
that so um it's kind of it does I think
reveal the the agenda of
science because the evidence strongly
suggests that more CO2 makes you
safer now the AR the counterargument
would be I assume oh sure Scott in the
early days of more CO2 maybe it does
make you safer makes your plants Greener
you know you got more Greenery because
the CO2 is plant food and uh yeah in the
short run you could control your weather
because it's not so bad you know maybe
you can protect from the Hurricanes
because they're not so bad right but you
know if it reaches some point
everything's going to fall off a cliff
that would be the argument from the
alarmists but there's no evidence of it
it's pretty pretty theoretical all the
evidence is that more CO2 makes you
safer and richer and
happier so the the uh as someday
there'll be too much of it and it'll
fall off a cliff and it will stop being
positive and it'll start turn negative
Maybe Can't rule it out but I don't
believe this if this were not a
politicized thing if if you imagine all
the politics taken out of it and the
profit motive taken out of it I think
science would be concluding that CO2 is
good for
you based on the
data am I wrong they say CO2 has caused
more
Greening and fewer deaths from weather
and it's been consistent for 50 years
50-year trend of the more CO2 the
happier you
are now there are there are allegedly
climate change
disruptions such as as some oceans
getting warmer and the you know the the
uh sea life there having to change and
maybe we don't catch as many fish or
stuff like stuff like that but I've got
a feeling that the ocean temperature is
always moving
around as in if you took any 20-year
period would the would the ocean
temperature in any one place always be
the same or would these big you know
bodies of warmth and cold sort of just
be floating around under the surface and
you know they don't stay in Place
forever I don't
know well anyway the Mona Lisa was
attacked by climate activists uh they
didn't get to the actual painting but
they put some kind of paint or something
on the exterior glass and then they made
a big show of it and stood in front of
it and said their thing
whatever now when I looked at it I see
saw two women with mental illness I did
not see political
activists oh it was soup I guess they
threw soup at it but the people I saw I
saw who were the activists they didn't
look like just political they looked
like they were mentally ill now what
causes mental
illness well organic things lot lots of
things but this political mental
illness is caused by in my opinion a
difference between what people
observe and what they're told is
true a difference between what they
observe with their own eyes and what
they're told is true now let's see how
that would work with this Mona Lisa
situation so here are two people who did
something pretty extreme you know
they're going to have legal problems I
mean it's pretty extreme
so
um do you think that they believe enough
is being done to battle climate change
and the answer is no they believe that
not enough is being done now how would
they explain the fact that science is
apparently completely convinced that
climate change is going to kill us all
and what they observe is we're not
taking it seriously so imagine you're
not very good at analyzing anything in
the
world and you look at this situation
wait a minute all the scientists all the
smart people they're all saying if we
don't address this like an emergency
we're all dead but yet I
observe nobody's doing much about
it so if you were a sort of a person of
normal intelligence what would that do
to you it might make you
crazy if you put me in that situation
and I legitimately believed that
everybody was ignoring the biggest risk
to the earth I would get probably pretty
extreme or pretty
crazy but I don't because my world is
consistent in my world we don't have a
climate emergency and we're acting just
like that
everything in my world is consistent I
don't have anything to make me crazy I
go oh yeah people are saying it because
they can make money or some of them
believe it but in general we're not
doing much about it you know not nearly
as much as you would do if it were a
real crisis we're doing a lot but not
nearly what we would do if we believed
it was a crisis would you agree with
that would you agree with the statement
that we're doing a lot but not nearly as
much as if we really thought it was a
danger so here's another
one um and I I I posted this everybody
who's anti-trumper will tell you the
following thing and I think actually
literally everybody they'll tell you
he's such an obvious criminal that you
know he can't be
president now what makes
him what makes him such an obvious
criminal everybody can see it like all
the many many ways he's a criminal right
because they've looked into his banking
his taxes his phone calls all of his
records they've talked everybody's
talked to about everything from you know
January 6 to Russia collusion they've
looked at him inside and
out and then what they came up with as
his many crimes because as you
know he he's obviously just obviously so
criminal that uh he had a few normal
phone calls
let's see there was a no normal phone
call to zinsky saying hey can you look
into this Biden thing which we now know
was a real problem and if zinsky had
looked into it it would have saved us a
lot of time maybe so that was a perfect
phone call you got in trouble for that
and then there was the other perfect
phone call about finding the votes in
Georgia which clearly to anybody who's
not an idiot just means that he wishes
they did a better count or an audit and
they found the votes that probably were
real but not counted now if that if that
election was bogus probably it was
because they added votes that didn't
belong so finding votes wouldn't helped
them much there probably wasn't any to
find
but so we've got uh nor two normal phone
calls we've got him getting a bank loan
in which there were no victims and the
bank itself said that he handled it in a
normal way and that the bank don't
listen to the borrower about what their
net worth is they go check
themselves so normal banking
transaction that he's also in trouble in
a variety of ways for the Insurrection
that never
happened
so let me and then of course there's the
EEG and Carrol thing that we have an
opinion about how real that was now let
me ask this if Trump is the most obvious
biggest criminal in the world and he's
been researched and checked and and
investigated more than anyone in the
world why did they have to use fake
crimes if he's such a bad
guy wouldn't they be just like
uncovering a real crime under every Rock
why do they have to make him
up if you if you're so sure it's obvious
he's just a giant criminal and he lies
and he does crimes in every
domain but they couldn't find
any so they had to make him
up wouldn't that make you crazy if you
were if you believe that he was such an
obvious criminal that the crimes are
just all over the place and yet they
can't get him the he was uh impeached
twice but not removed from office my God
he's uh been indicted 91 times but
except for that weird genan Carol thing
which was not a criminal situation uh
nobody's finding any specific crimes so
that would make you crazy because you
looking at you're saying obviously
obviously like a crime everywhere like
everything is a crime that he does but
then when you look and you look really
carefully and you look for years and
you're the exact experts who know how to
look for
it there's none not even a little bit
every one of the charges is based on
 kind of obvious if
you're not if you're not you know in the
tank so 1.1 million views on that
post um and I know the Democrats read it
and said B Scott all those things are
real I'm sorry I'm I'm sorry if your du
sources told you those are real that
there was a real
Insurrection
really yeah
um so that probably causes a lot of
mental illness
because people are observing him being a
big old criminal but they just can't get
him can't get him it must be he's just
getting lucky or something that would
make you
crazy um all right here's another one
for
you uh this is just something I need to
know so it's going to sound like an
accusation but it's a question and one
of the things I like to do is ask the
question that the news should have
answered a million times but never did
ask yourself why you've never heard the
answer to this question it's going to
it's going to make you nuts you you're
going to get you're going to be insane
in a moment here's the most obvious
simple normal question one would ask but
I've never seen it asked here it is as a
citizen I would love to know the
argument for using voting machines
instead of paper
ballots I've never heard the argument is
it because it saves money is it because
they're more accurate
is it because the machines are easier to
audit than paper ballots is it because
it's harder to cheat with a machine or
is it that the count is faster so you
know your
result which one is
it and why don't you know it it's the
most fundamental fact in your
Republic you know voting and the
accuracy of voting the most fundamental
thing and you don't know the most
fundamental question which is why are
you doing it that way why why didn't you
do it differently than other
countries all right so I can only think
of one reason that I could confirm based
on my current knowledge it doesn't mean
it's true I can only think of one reason
and the only reason I can think of is
that it's for
cheating and that if the United States
wanted to control the elections in other
countries what they would do is um have
a digital machines because it's harder
to control people and physical ballots
in other countries but if you could
control a choke point you could control
who president in another country so
wouldn't the United States which likes
to overthrow other countries we have a
long history of doing it don't you think
that they would do everything in their
power to make sure there were electronic
voting machines in countries we wanted
to
control of
course it's the most obvious thing you
would do if you were the CIA I don't
have to be in the CIA to know it's the
most obvious thing you should be doing
if you're doing your job if our CIA is
not trying to manage elections in other
countries what are they doing that's
that's like their basic job is
influencing other countries so when I
look at the list um I use my finance and
business uh thinking to ask the
following questions is it likely that
electronic voting machines save money
compared to paper ballots you know you
don't have to print all the the print do
you think that's true do you think do
you think that's why they have them to
save money I doubt it my guess is that
if you had the maintenance and the cost
of the machines and then also the cost
of storing them because they have to be
stored somewhere it's probably more than
the cost of ballots I don't know that
for sure but that's why I'm asking the
question so if they're if they're doing
it based on saving
money then that you'd have something to
work with right you could say oh if it's
only for
money but we're not happy with the
credibility the outcome let's just spend
a little more money and then we'll have
what we need credible outcomes so I
don't think it's because of money
nobody's ever said that how about it's
more
accurate do you think it's more accurate
how would we know how would we know I
don't think it's that they're more
accurate because we wouldn't have any
way of kn
uh do we do it because it's easier to
audit electronic machines versus paper
ballots no I would think it'd be the
opposite I would think paper ballots
would be the easiest to
audit and you wouldn't know how to you
know get into the ards of the machine
and their proprietary code feels like
it'd be hard to audit a machine you
could audit elements of the
machine but you wouldn't know if a
hacker had um influenced it so I don't
know that it's easier to audit how about
because uh it's uh harder to cheat with
a
machine is that why they use machines
because it's harder to
cheat I doubt
it I doubt now remember we're not
talking about mailing ballots I'm
talking about you know you arrive in
person and fill out a ballot do you
think that it's harder to cheat if you
arrive in person show your ID and fill
in a ball
than if something goes into a machine
and the people who are in charge of
Elections don't exactly know what know
what happens once it's in the machine
which one would be harder to cheat well
we don't know we don't
know is a machine impossible to cheat
did they build it that way or did they
build it so it's easy to cheat how do we
know um how about the machines count it
faster so you get a faster count
no because places that use paper ballots
only get a result the same day but we
took you know longer so this is a
serious question and ask yourself why
you've never seen the question asked
that's the real question why don't you
know the answer to this question and why
has nobody ever asked it in public like
why what what is the cost benefit risk
reward of using electronic machines
now the the best reason that I heard for
why we have electronic machines is that
salespeople are good at
selling that's from Brian uh or Bri AI
um and that might actually be the answer
because the people who run elections are
are not as
sophisticated you know the it's not your
captains of industry who are managing
the local Precinct ctions so if you were
the salesperson for a technology company
let's say the technology is is machines
and you come in and you do your
PowerPoint
presentation you don't think you could
bamboozle those little Precinct captains
or whatever the hell they are that are
running the elections of course you
could yeah a really good Tech
salesperson could sell just about
anything to somebody who's not technical
because You' just say yeah you you would
just go in and you say yep it's going to
save you money it's more accurate it's
easier to audit it's harder to cheat and
you get a faster account that's what the
salesperson would say but my question is
this now that we've been using them for
a
while did any of these sales claims pan
out I'd like to know that I would
certainly like to know that usually what
happens is you end up with more uh more
maintenance problems and repairs than
you thought
that that would be a typical thing that
happens when you roll out technology to
replace something else so once they
found all their
surprises that you can never know until
you actually do it did it pan out did
you save money get a better count
faster why don't you know that as an
American citizen I I once used to think
before I started doing this in public
I'd watch the news and I'd say to myself
God you know what they need then the
news is missing this one asset the asset
they need is somebody to ask the right
questions because they're not asking the
right questions people in the news don't
have let's say corporate experience you
know not the normal corporate experience
they are parts of Corporations but not
the same way they don't work in cubicles
you know and do all the
stuff if you were if you worked in a big
company and you were around Tech
wouldn't it have been the most obvious
question to ask after we've used these
machines for years did it work out did
you get benefits that's what a big
company does if they roll out a thing
they don't just say yeah we did that
thing they check on it they do an audit
later of their own work to find out if
that made sense did we do that probably
not so the EEG Carol payments uh look
like they'll be delayed until Trump
exhausts all of his challenges you know
the 83
million so there was a story going
around that EEG and Carrol story was
identical to an episode of Law and Order
SUV that was uh allegedly one of her
shows she
watched but I wanted to see the clip
myself to see how right on point it
was I'm not sure it's right on point but
the clip had a man saying that uh he had
had sex in a bergd off Goodman changing
room which is where she claims that
Trump and she were at and that uh in the
in the TV show it looked like it was
consensual sex that they just sort of
liked doing in Risky
places but it was sex and a brg off
Goodman changing area now is that a
coincidence how could you explain that
there's a TV show with such a specific
reference and that somebody who watches
the show yeah comes up
with something that sounds just like it
how do you explain that
right well here's here's one way to
explain it that would not require um any
kind of conspiracy or craziness are you
ready uh men I want you to well maybe
the women can back me up on this too men
I want you to back me up on uh internal
male
thinking you go to a changing room in a
big department store you walk in you
close the door what's the first thing
you
think I wonder if I could have sex in
here you tell me you haven't thought
about that in a changing room at a
department store that have you never
you've never thought if you could you
know just bring your girlfriend in here
you could have something like public sex
without anybody seeing you
yeah but so those of you saying no uh I
was I would just I would just tell you
to look at the one saying yes see how
many people are saying yes when you go
in there you think to yourself H this
might be the kind of place some naughty
stuff could happen it's just automatic
if you're a guy guys are thinking about
sex all the time so when I go to a new
location the first thing I think about
it is am I safe right safety first and
then number two could I have sex in this
new
location it's it's just natural so
here's then let me connect it all
together so here's how it could be a
coincidence but not a real
coincidence suppose if you went into the
berdoff Goodman which is a real high
high-end store or was I don't know if
they're still in business but what would
their changing rooms look like at the
highest end fanciest store I haven't
been in one but I'm guessing they look
more like little
bedrooms with you know just a bench and
right I'll bet you if you went in bergd
Goodman changing room it wouldn't be
like the ones in Macy's they're just
sort of cubicles separating each other
would wouldn't it seem like a little a
high-end almost like a a little sitting
area within a
chair and if you went in one of those
would you think to yourself huh I bet a
lot of people have had sex in here and
that if you were a TV
writer and you were thinking of you know
places somebody would have some public
you'd say oh I was just in bered off
Goodman's I'll tell you I was thinking
about it when I was in there how about
people have sex in here so then I'll
just put that in my
script right
so there there is an argument that this
could be a genuine coincidence and it
could be and the thing I don't know is
if you walked into a bergd off Goodman
changing room would you say to yourself
well this does look like a place people
have sex well bet it's happened
just asking I don't know so
um yeah so I don't I don't think there's
evidence that would convince me that
Trump was guilty of these alleged
crimes but uh I don't know if the bergd
off Goodman part is really telling you
as much as you think it might it's
definitely an eyebrow razor though it's
definitely a eyebrow razor all right RFK
JR says he's open to running as an
independent if he doesn't get the
nomination which you
won't
so what would the race look like if RFK
Jr
ran there's a new poll from Harvard caps
Harris poll and they say that the result
would be oh actually it's just a
favorability result the favorability
Kennedy has a plus 18 so Trump is
neutral in other words as many people
dislike him as like him favorability
wise and Biden's negative almost as much
as Kennedy's positive
so Kennedy would really change things in
the race and I think I had numbers that
if he got in oh yeah if if the election
were held today 21% say they'd vote for
Kennedy 36 for Biden and 44 for Trump so
adding RFK Jr to the race should
something like guarantee Trump's Victory
based on these
preliminary things does it feel like
everything's heading in One
Direction doesn't seem like it's like
Trump can't be
denied yeah it I've never seen more
things trying to stop one thing than
I've TR I've seen all the different ways
that they tried to stop Trump with the
the hoaxes and the lawfare and
everything
else but there must be just something
that's Unstoppable or whatever about
it all right right so just an update on
the VP thing um in my opinion there's no
there's no question who we should pick
do you agree does everybody agree that
the question of who Trump should pick is
now obvious whether he does or not we I
can't predict who he picks predicting
who the vice president is just it's like
a losers game you can't predict that but
it's now obvious who he should pick as V
because v as I said solves for Trump and
Trump Sol for V Trump has
experience so V can get seasoned you
know before he needs to be president and
VI is the one who does a better job of
explaining Trump than Trump can explain
himself and also just explaining what
makes sense and what's not you know
what's not racist V's great at that
right so I don't think there's any
question it would be the the right
choice if you wanted to win and do a
good job for the country but um so I
posted that and it got over a million a
million views which means it's a popular
notion for my post to get over a million
views means it's really popular so there
is definitely a Grassroots good feeling
about V the the negatives that I've
heard about V from Republicans are that
uh they're they're a little concerned
that he's not a Christian he's a you
know he's Christian compatible but he's
a Hindu
I I like to say he's Christian
compatible because because he buys into
and studied Christianity and likes all
the parts of it he just he just has a
different you know flavor with his Hindu
his Hindu Focus but he's completely
compatible um in terms of the morality
and the ethics of of the
religions um but I would say if he were
uh vice president for four years people
would stop caring about that they' just
get used to it and they say oh
everything he does is compatible with
what I think so that's good enough and
then the other question is he kind of
came out of nowhere people say and you
know that makes people suspicious if
you're conservative you're
conservative so it doesn't surprise me
that conservatives are saying hey this
Sudden Change is suspicious this sort of
what conservatives do why are we doing
it differently now where did this new
guy come from right just basic
conservative stuff but you give V four
years to
season
um it uh yeah you give four years to
season and nobody's going to ask where'
he come from so they solve for each
other in a way I've never seen I mean
it's almost a complete solution for each
other all right
um if you comp compare either
V or Trump to Joe
Biden um I would say the contrast is
growing wouldn't
you because V can clearly explain just
about
anything and I'm going to give you an
example on my impression of Joe Biden
and this will be a direct quote of
explaining something to a crowd recently
and Joe Biden said and I quote be is f
about
so that's a direct
quote um and he's running against L
cheing um if aake was on the team he
would be running against
the two best communicators in the
history of
politics but you know he's got a strong
game too as I
said
so could be a tie I mean very skillful
that Joe Biden I call him Joe
Brian why has nobody done Joe
bribing people have done that one right
I I couldn't possibly be making this up
that they have right yeah I wonder why
that didn't stick all right uh Snopes
remember at the same event in which uh
Biden said and I quote
uh that's where he allegedly wore a hard
hat backwards without knowing it was
backwards but
Snopes who as you know is a good friend
of Democrats uh fact checked that fact
checked it and said
no that hat is not on
backwards there's photographs of him
wearing the
hat back
backwards
Snopes fact jacked
it and said no that's not
backwards it's a picture of it and they
even have a picture of the people
wearing them correctly so that you can
see how the hard hat people wear their
hats the other
way so uh end wokeness and others
hammered on Snopes until they reversed
it snop slightly gave up and they're
like all right it was on
backwards
now what good is Snopes if they say his
his hat is on forward when they have
photos of the correct way to wear it and
a photo of how he wore it now was that a
tough
one got that one wrong but you know with
all that
pressure they they had to they had to
pressure them to say what they saw with
their own eyes was what they saw with
their own
eyes now to be fair that the Hat was a
little weird so it wasn't obvious which
way is the right way but once you know
what it's supposed to look like because
you see the other people wearing the Hat
well then it's
obvious
Bri
um so now we know that uh there's a
report from uh uh public which is a uh
news entity on substack I believe um so
public is reporting that the Trudeau
government used the fake intelligence to
illegally frame protesting truckers as
extremists that's right remember all the
bad things happened to the truckers they
got and this is for Saturday Night Live
this is a real word debanked they got
debanked yeah it's a real word happened
in Canada and they got debanked and they
got I don't know every other kind of um
privacy violated and treated like
criminals and I guess the intelligence
was that the truckers were a bunch of
right-wing
extremists right there were a bunch of
right-wing extremists so they thought
they were all terrorists
literally thought they were
terrorists that they were basically
Patriots and
trucks Patriots and trucks and and the
Canadian you know Intel people
so not only do they smear him it looks
like they told the world you know that
they had these Bad actors here
so yep everything you thought about that
was true
the um yeah they thought it was
right-wing
extremism um did you see the videos of
the truckers are going down to the
border with
Texas I couldn't tell from the videos
how big a deal that is because you know
a video is going to show a collection of
trucks but if you're not there for a
while you don't get a sense of
scale so I saw a lot of American flags I
saw a lot of trucks I just don't know if
it's a lot when you consider the size of
the border and whatever it is they're
trying to
do yeah so I'm very concerned about
going to any kind of
organized um protest because don't you
think the same thing's going to happen
to these truckers that our intelligence
people are going to look into it and say
looks like a bunch of right-wing
extremists
because it worked in
Canada it worked I mean it was wrong and
it was illegal and it was
unethical but it worked for what they
wanted to do which was suppress one side
of the political
debate so if it worked in Canada even
though it was illegal and unethical you
kind of expect it to be tried here so
I'd be very concerned about those
truckers the only thing that could save
them is a Republican president there's a
new movie about January 6 and guess
what their message about this new movie
is that we were so close to losing the
Republic oh we were so
close now I'm not going to watch that
movie because it's obviously propaganda
in an election year as I've told you
Beware of the documentary
effect any documentary is persuasive and
really persuasive if they can get you to
watch one point of view without seeing
the opposing view and you'll spend an
hour doing it they have you brainwashed
yeah so this is a I assume a priming and
brainwashing you know organ if you
looked at who funded it I don't think
you'd be surprised I don't know who it
was I don't have that information but
you're either going to find that the
filmmaker is a dieh hard Democrat or
they're funded by die hard Democrats or
something right so I wouldn't see this
as legitimate it looks more like
propaganda so there's new gaslighting on
the so-called border
deal so there's a border bill that would
allegedly try to fix the Border
migration problem but what it does is it
would codify and make legal a huge
number of people coming in every single
day so would try to reduce the total
number but it would still be a way too
big number every day and so it's kind of
a losing idea Trump said he was against
it but also made the mistake of telling
somebody
allegedly I haven't heard it but
allegedly told somebody that it was good
politics not to sign the bill because
he'd rather have the issue than the bill
so how do rhinos and Democrats interpret
that that the bill was turned down just
to help
Trump is that what
happened did do you think all those
Republicans like Ted
Cruz and uh Ron de santis didn't name
just two who looked at it and said uh
wait a minute you don't even need a bill
all you need to do is um do what Trump
did and basically use your executive
power and just close the border like he
did do the same thing he did just repeat
what he did because nobody said that
wasn't doable
none none of his executive orders were
reversed so you can just do that you
don't need any bill so the argument
against the bill I think is Rock
Solid
that that you don't need it and it would
guarantee to make things
worse by its Nature by its design it
would make things worse it's designed to
make it worse so not to make it
better so now uh that will be repeated
as the only reason that the Republicans
don't like that terrible bill is that
they're trying to get Trump elected and
do you think Democrats will believe that
story of course they
will they they will believe that story
because they won't look at the bill and
CNN won't tell them that version of it
CNN's not going to say you didn't even
need the bill you could just do the
executive orders they're not going to
tell Their audience that so Their
audience will now
believe that uh the only reason the
board is still open is because Trump is
bad now do that even close to
reality now here's another source for
Insanity they're going to ask people to
believe that Trump's number one issue
closing the Border he really doesn't
want because he rather have the issue so
he can get
elected how do you believe that now I
get everybody's a politician they're all
full of it but it this is number number
one issue for like 10 years and they
believe he doesn't really mean it that
he wouldn't really rather have the
Border seriously
closed of course he wants it
closed now he also wants to win an
election so if you can if you can do two
things at the same time you can get rid
of a bill that isn't needed and would
make things worse by allow by making it
legal to bring in over 5,000 a day
um and can get elected by killing it he
has at least three reasons to do it but
the Democrats will just hear the one oh
it's for politics it's only for politics
yeah Biden had this solved he has solved
this border thing if only the
Republicans wouldn't be so
political that's actually what Democrats
are going to believe that that's that's
a version of the world
nope well uh Jonathan turle riding in
the Hills talking about uh some
countries are uh trying to ban sex
robots you know the sex bots they're
they're going to have ai if they don't
already uh but even before AI there was
a question whether you could have a
let's say a prostitute who is just a
doll a sex doll and a lot of people
object but the people according to chle
who are objecting the hardest are
feminists because uh and in Sweden for
example a feminist organization is
moving to ban sex spots uh because I
think the sex spots are quote
objectifying sexualized and degrading
attitude to
women like that's found in pornography
so they don't want them to objectify and
sexualize women so they want to ban the
sex
bots may I uh make a
suggestion why do you think uh there's
such a demand for sex
bots could it
be
feminists could it be that the
feminists are the reason that men are
giving up on
women that is why they're giving up on
women they're giving up on women because
the feminists have just taken themselves
down of the market they they've made
themselves less good than a doll
oh literally a doll
yeah do you think that they will take a
moment to examine their own actions in
the past to wonder why we're trying so
hard to have sex with
dolls we do live in a competitive free
market if men are if men are banging
dolls is because women stop being
competitive maybe we should dig into
that a little bit harder
yeah maybe maybe the uh sex bots don't
complain maybe they have a perfect
BMI maybe they don't care if you watch
sports or relax on the couch maybe
there's a really good reason that men
are moving to Bots and and when they
have the AI it's over at least half of
men are going to say you know what the
human women are just not doing it for me
more so good luck with
that well Robert scobel writes a lot
about AI uh on
X tells us that AI apparently can fly a
fighter jet better than a human uh and
would perform better in a dog fight or a
tense aerial situation because AI is not
susceptible to high G forces so the
planes like an F 35 can the plane itself
can handle more G's than the human pilot
so if we were to send up an AI jet to
fight with a human pilot from Russia or
China we would beat them every
time we'd beat them every time because
all we the AI could make the plane go
into higher G's so it could just
maneuver better and it would just have a
commanding Advantage now we'd probably
take out their planes from five miles
away so we wouldn't be in that situation
but when I heard this I said to myself
oh our army has to become
robots I was thinking it was optional it
was like you know one of those things
that could happen but it's not optional
because if we ever go into a war against
robots we're going to lose we have to
have robots because they're the only
ones that going to make fast enough
decisions and handle the G forces and be
you know wounded and still fight so you
know what's going to happen
happen we're we're heading toward the
Star Trek vision and it's guaranteed let
me explain
this someday in the
future two civilized countries will go
into a war 100% of the battle will be
done by robots so they'll meet on a
battlefield and battle it out and it'll
be in the plane with the AI Etc and it
will be robot on robot with no human
casualties and they will complete the
entire War robot on robot now of course
you could imagine that both countries
would still have some humans you know in
military you know just in case I guess
uh at that point the Victorious robot
army would look at the country that now
has no robots left and only humans to
defend it and it would say this would be
a good time to surrender
and then the humans would say yeah yeah
that really isn't any choice we will
will
surrender so in Star Trek they had this
weird future where people did civilized
Wars where they would do some kind of
simulation to see how each of them would
have done and then once the simulation
was over it would be like okay it looks
like your side would have lost and you
would have lost 10 million people so we
need 10 million volunteers to be
exterminated you know painless way you
know they just go into a machine and
they disappear so that was that was the
Star Trek version but there's a real
version coming the real version is that
countries will battle it out on the
robot Battlefield and then when the
robots have a
conclusion the other country will just
say all right you own us now what do you
want we're part of Russia now your
robots just beat us because there's no
reason for a human to
die right if if the military is 98%
robot because they're the ones that can
fight well as soon as the robots are
done fighting the humans need to just
say all right we have a a result that's
the result you you win you win now the
exception would be if the winning Army
was planning to exterminate you know the
the
locals which they would have done at the
same time they were fighting the robots
if that's what they wanted to do so you
know there's a case where you can't let
them win and you have to fight the
robots to the death because they're
going to kill you
anyway but I do see a world where the
robots fight and then the humans just
say all right you won we're
done all right uh Navy's getting Dumber
they uh just lowered their uh
requirements to get in the Navy now you
don't have to have a high school
education or a
GED um you don't have to be able to swim
I just made that up wouldn't that be
funny
if if you could join the Navy and you
didn't need to know how to swim I just
assume they require that they do don't
they don't they maybe they don't they
don't ask you if you can swim or make
make sure that you can swim once you
join oh I've seeing a lot of
nose oh I just assumed that swimming
would be sort of basic to Navy work NOP
apparently that they throw you
in all right well I guess you can learn
to swim as an adult so it's not a big
deal but the Navy is getting Dumber uh
the country is getting fatter so that
will make us have Alzheimer's and
Dementia uh so basically in every
possible way we're getting
Dumber I don't see how that could turn
anything
wrong so now speaking of the war where
only the robots
fight um between now and the time that
Ukraine gets
solved 100% of the casualties were
unnecessary
agree between today and the time that
there's a negotiated settlement 100% of
the deaths are useless because they're
not going to change any territory and I
doubt it'll even change the negotiations
much
100% here's something I've never seen
happen but it
should the soldiers who are on the
battlefield should send a message to the
other side and say you guys are hearing
the same news we are right that this is
going to be negotia
probably soon before or soon after the
election and then Russia is going to say
what and they're going to say yeah check
it out everybody says they're going to
negotiate this because nobody's winning
on the battlefield now let's say you
could get them to agree Soldier to
soldier that there's no use in
fighting could the armies Soldier to
Soldier quit fighting and just say as
long as you stay over over there we'll
stay over here and we'll just be done
because our leaders are telling us to
fight yeah the Russians are not getting
the same propaganda right so the
Russians might believe they're ready to
win but I think you could convince them
that winning looks like keeping the
things they already got and maybe no
NATO and Ukraine or something like that
I think this might be the only time in
history where you know how the war is
going to end and every death until then
is a waste I think that's unusual
because even when even when two sides
are negotiating you don't know if that's
going to work right remember when
Vietnam was negotiated for a long time
and it just wasn't working for a long
time and that case maybe it does make
sense to keep fighting because that the
fighting is part of the negotiating but
in this very specific
situation I think every Observer who
knows what's happening knows that the
fighting doesn't have a purpose
it did before it once had a purpose but
it doesn't now
yeah
um so could you ever reach an Armistice
I guess it would be called if they just
stop fighting um Soldier to Soldier or
at least at least maybe in a local way
you know just say there's one little uh
region where it's just a pitched battle
you don't think you could say you look
we're just going to stop shooting for an
hour if you stop shooting for an hour
let's see if we can keep it going
because we're not there's just no point
there's just no point at all I'd love to
see that
happen I doubt it will because the
Russians would just start shooting their
troops but it's all
mercenaries yeah if you get enough
mercenaries none of that works I
guess actually maybe it would work with
mercenaries The Mercenaries would have
the same incentive they just want to
stay awake or stay alive and collect a
paycheck so the incent The Mercenaries
in theory would be the first ones to say
let's just collect our paychecks and not
shoot each other yeah because either way
it's going to be done in a few
months yeah just pretend to fight yeah
yeah literally just shoot over each
other's
heads Ukraine has a history of turning
on their
supporters
oh is is a real thing I'm looking at a
long thing let me read it uh to attack a
German TR offering a promotion as an
incentive uh it was a suicide
mission uh plan attack this is Demands a
court Marshal of three random soldiers
wow yeah you could probably get soldiers
to do anything that's the
[Music]
problem
all right uh ladies and gentlemen this
brings you to the conclusion of the best
live stream you're ever going to see I
ran late again but I'm going to say bye
to the uh YouTube and Rumble and X
people uh YouTube people check the uh
time stamps that I added for the last
two videos I'll add one for this but it
takes a while to process it so we won't
happen right away just see if you like
the timestamps and if they are good
enough to keep doing and let me know in
the comments ments all right that's all
for now baby we're
done see you
tomorrow