hey everybody come on in it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams yes it is and
you came to the right place and before
we get going what do we need that's
right you need a cup or a mug or a glass
of tanker chelators diet a canteen drugs
or flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid happy Father's
Day and join me now for the dopamine
here the day the thing that makes
everything better that's gonna spike
your every part of your chemistry of
your body it's gonna be good it's gonna
be great it's called the simultaneous
sipping to happens down with going huh
huh now I'd like you to play a game with
me that I call covent cancelled or dead
all right
that's the game it's called kovat
canceled or dead and the way you play it
is you see a celebrity trending on
Twitter and you say let's see who's
trending on Twitter Justin Bieber is it
because he has kovat he is cancelled or
he's dead who's got a guess before we
check kovat cancelled or dead
let's check due to Justin Bieber
oh my cancelled a little bit of me -
action going on there with Justin
Bieber's so kovat
cancelled or dead you could play it
every morning every morning there's a
new celebrity and I say this
one Co vid cancelled or dead and been
pretty good so far
alright it's pretty catchy isn't it
Kovac cancelled they're dead come on
you're gonna be saying this all day long
you know you are if you have not watched
my new video series called how to do
things like a Boomer I pinned one of the
videos to it I'll probably have more of
them in the locals platform where
subscribers can see them but I like to
release a few of them publicly just so
you can see what's going on now if you
think those videos are just for fun
because the the theme of is me trying to
open ordinary consumer packaging and it
doesn't go well that's the basic theme
there's there's a larger user interface
point at coming and for some of you
you'll see that later all right
here's a weird thing about the
coronavirus it keeps making some things
better have you done is that have you
noticed that coronavirus it's making a
lot of things worse
I mean that's where all the news is of
course but there are some things that
are just definitely better let me give
you an example so I told you we have
outdoor seating though so we have
outdoor seating for the restaurants in
my town now I don't know if they took my
suggestion or they just came up with it
on their own I dunno I made a suggestion
through the the biggest restaurant owner
in town and he was going to contact the
city so I don't know if it was because
of me but anyway my my main street now
is closed down for restaurant hours and
the restaurants bring their tables into
the into the street it becomes sort of
like a street fair atmosphere now the
first thing that I noticed was it was
way better than eating indoors as long
as the weather was okay it was way
better
so I know some of you are obsessing
about this we'll talk about that later
so one of the things that's better is
one of the things you hate most about
restaurants number one you hate getting
a bad table right you go to a restaurant
you make all this trouble and then you
see you at one of those tables where
you're on the side of the table where
all you're looking at is the person on
the other side of the table and a wall
all you're looking at is a wall and the
other people and you think to yourself
well did I really need to go out to eat
tonight I'm just looking at a wall and
people I could eat with anywhere but if
you're eating outdoors everybody has a
good view because you're outdoors so
there's sort of a 360 view so eating
outdoors is better but then the this six
foot this six foot distance thing by the
way I'm not married I I have the ring I
have the ring a head of the marriage so
I was just wearing it but I'm not
married yet in case you wondered soon
soon I swear it's going to happen we got
delayed several times because of the
Cova things so we're sort of we're
improvising as quickly as we can to
figure out how to make it all work but I
digress
I love having restaurant tables six feet
apart because the other thing you hate
about a restaurant is that the people
near you can hear your conversation and
you can hear theirs so six feet apart
way better
outdoor seating you know plentiful at
door seating you know on the street
that's kind of a very attractive street
in my case much better and then the
third thing that I really like one of
the things that I my pet peeves about
restaurants prior to kovat is I would
hate it when my food would come or I've
had my bread or anything and the server
would stand directly above the table or
the manager would come over to talk to
you or whatever and they would talk
directly above your food
though maybe I'm the only person who's
bothered by that but I don't like
anybody talking above my food I don't
need to fill in the blanks right so I've
usually like if I'm listening to the
server the manager comes over I'll be
uh-huh yeah yeah as you know we're
enjoying it I'll be moving my bread
plate over uh-huh
a-hole you're moving it out of the the
spray zone uh-huh very nice restaurant
thank you yes we I've got all the salt I
need my fork I got a fork we don't need
to be talking anymore and I'm slowly
moving my food and in this phrase own
and now the server comes over with a
mask and I'm thinking I like this for
all the time I like this forever can we
do more of this yesterday I was gonna go
out to do some errands and I had just
been drinking some coffee as I often do
now normally if I'm going to go out in
public
I might encounter some people and I
would probably use mouthwash or brush my
teeth again just because I don't want to
have coffee breath but I started to go
do the mouthwash before I went out and I
thought to myself no I don't need this a
word a mask so I just brought out of the
Basques they're like well save the step
no mouthwash if I'm going yet all right
but enough of that two things we know
for sure in 2020 in fact check me on
this there are two things we know that
we all know so this is something that
the left knows it's something that the
right knows and every independent knows
two things see if you agree with both of
them number one the only sensible way to
make decisions is by looking at the data
and listening to the experts that's one
thing we know got a look at the data you
got a look at the experts the second
thing we know in 2020 all the data is
 and the experts are lied so we've
actually as a society we've agreed on
the following process it's the only
thing we agree on you kind of look at
the data and you've got to listen to the
acts
and the data is all wrong and the
experts are live we agree on both of
those things and yet we've agreed that
that's the system that we're all going
to live under unfortunately I don't have
a better system if I had a better system
I would be recommending it to you
I don't think magic is a better system I
don't think guessing is a better system
but you certainly have to watch out for
the data and the experts these days now
the big news of course was the rally
last night so you may have missed this
little tidbit I'll just toss this out
here not important in any way very small
trivial little fact don't bother
yourself with it because there was lots
of news last night about presidents
Trump's use of words that's the
important stuff not this minor little
story here a European spacecraft has
found oxygen on Mars what what oxygen on
Mars now of course if this is like most
other stories as in 99% of the stories
that sound a little bit like this do you
know what I need there's some stories
that sound like other stories but are
you know different into all the details
this one about oxygen on Mars
I'm going to put this in the category of
things that later turn out to be
 that doesn't mean it is but
have I mentioned that in 2020 all the
data is and all the experts are
alive so that's your context for the
story
hey we spotted oxygen on Mars because of
some green glow or whatever to which I
say to myself or or there's no oxygen on
Mars and you just foolish yet just that
just put that out there as the other
possibility this is 99% likely so I
wouldn't count on oxygen on Mars
all right but that's the story there's a
fascinating story about Southern
District of New York prosecutor who is
looking into Rudy Giuliani and some
Trump associates and he was either fired
or quit or Trump fired him or barred it
or Trump to a bar to firearm or bar said
he'd fire him and Trump said okay or
Trump didn't know and bar fired him or
bar didn't know anything about it and
Trump fired him or possibly he just quit
and bar thought he was fired but Trump
said he was fired but possibly there's
oxygen on Mars so I don't have any
interest in this story whatsoever I kept
trying to think they keep talking about
this story and sooner or later I'm gonna
get interested nope I just have lost all
interest in all lawyer stories and
stories how many times have we heard
there's a thing with a lawyer and this
will be the end of Trump how many times
have you heard that damn story it's all
the details are always different but
there's always a lawyer and it's the end
of Trump sometimes there are two lawyers
and this will be the end of Trump he's
finished now because I've got a story
and it's got a lawyer that's the end of
trouble so I'm sure this story about the
prosecutor is the end of Trump because
he got fired allegedly for being good at
his job but that will easily be spun by
bar as being bad at his job so there's
nothing here but it's a story here's an
interesting thing do you know that razz
samode the alleged warlord of the
autonomous zone is neither a warlord nor
a member of the autonomous owned if you
are watching only right Oriented news
sources
did you think that Raz Simone so he's
the guy who came and he's got the he's
got the the weapons and he was handing
out weapons and he seems to be sort of
handling security in the autonomous zone
I I was looking at his his web about his
web his his Twitter feed and he answered
somebody early odd just maybe a week ago
so he answered somebody and he clarified
he said he's not he's not autonomous
meaning he's not a member of the
automata so he's an American citizen so
what asked to describe himself why he
wasn't asked he just volunteered that he
doesn't he doesn't identify with the
autonomous so and protesters you know he
identifies with America just think about
it just think about that he says
explicitly and publicly no I identify
with America I'm just helping out that's
really different than what you've been
told isn't it and now just because he
said it doesn't mean it's true
that's that's everything we know about
the world but it sort of looks like
maybe that is actually the case and that
he's a little bit more thoughtful and a
little bit more complicated than the
right-leaning
reporting it has indicated so I'm just
gonna put it out there a little bug in
your head I don't know what the deal is
with him and I'm not I'm not endorsing
I'm not telling you oh he's a good guy
and you know we should be we should be
comfortable with him he did hand out
weapons to two people from the trunk of
his car we don't know what that is and
somebody did get a shot recently I'm not
saying that's connected in any way it's
probably not but we got questions so
they're more unanswered questions than
there are answers but I'll just put that
bug into your mind that he's a little
more complicated maybe in a good way
than you think so don't just I'll just
ask you to reserve judgment about the
whole wrath situation until we know a
lot more
now I'm not endorsing it not endorsing
anything he's doing I'm just saying
there's something here we need to know
more about and I don't think you've been
well served by your news sources that's
all now part of that story is that if
you saw this this was horrible so
somebody got a shot and ended up dying
they bled out in the autonomous zone
don't know the details but the medics
from outside the zone showed up with
their ambulances and they stopped at the
at sort of the border but nobody was
stopping them from coming in so we saw
the video there seem to be a you know an
open road there were no protesters and
in fact there was somebody from the
order autonomous zone begging them to
come all the way and that they were
under radio is waiting for I guess
police I think it was police approval to
go into the zone now they decided not to
until it was too late or they didn't I
forget I think I think they probably
waited for the the body to be taken it
actually and I don't know the details I
might have that last part wrong but the
point is that they intentionally waited
while that guy was bleeding to death and
they decided that it was too dangerous
to go in even though there was no
immediate obvious threat where they were
on the border before they were knew that
there will be much discussion there will
be much discussion about whether those
medical professionals were let's say not
doing their duty by not accepting the
extra danger which of course I think
everybody would agree there's some
danger knowing in that zone I don't know
much but they did not accept that extra
danger because they did not feel it was
a secure place and they let him bleed
them how much of that was political do
you think do you think that whoever was
telling them not to go in because it
wasn't their decision really I mean I
suppose they could have violated orders
but then they get fired do you think
that the people who told them not to go
in working
only about their safety or do you think
that they used the a guy bleeding out as
a political pawn and they just let him
die to make a point because they did
make a point I'm not sure it's the point
they wanted to be but they did make a
point and the point is this autonomous
zone isn't isn't functional it doesn't
work it can't keep you alive and so
somebody I'm seeing in the comments that
somebody's calling them cowards I don't
think that's what's what's going on my
guess is that the the people in the the
ambulances were in a tough situation but
I don't think what stopped them was fear
I don't I don't I seek because my I
guess I'm biased because I feel like
people who do that job I mean if you can
be an emergency medical person I just
don't know if physical fear is a big
part of your life because you must have
overcome that somehow even to just do
your job so I don't know that they were
afraid I do know they had orders not to
go in and they decided to follow the
orders now is that wrong I don't know
but you'd have to ask yourself did the
medics have helped or hurt this
situation in the long run because by not
going in they didn't make the point that
you gotta wind this thing down they did
it by letting somebody die perhaps I
don't know that might've saved lives
they may have saved future lives by
letting a few die because maybe that why
is it down faster who knows hard to
score that one but it's tragic either
way just about two years ago this summer
i sat in the president's Oval Office and
this is the one thing I'll tell you just
because it makes the president look
smart so I don't think he would mind if
I told you this
one little tidbit from the conversation
and that was that he predicted two years
ago the president did to me personally
that Biden would be the nominee pretty
good right yes so two years before it
happened
president Trump's instincts and lots of
other people picked Biden as well so it
wasn't that surprising but you picked
Biden two years ago and he was right
okay so you have to give them that that
bit of insight and instinct I can I can
personally vouch for his confident
prediction that it wouldn't be Biden he
was right now I sat there and I said
that it would be Kabul Arras now think
about two years ago where was Kabul
Harris she was not even in the primaries
yet so that was a pretty bold call that
I picked you know one politician out of
you know a big swarm and she's made it
apparently all the way to the you know
vice presidential finalists but what's
interesting is that when she dropped out
of the race for to be the top spot I
continued with my prediction and said
that she would reimburse retrained this
is the important part I said that she
would be retrained by the top level
professionals in the country you know
the people were really really good at it
and that she would emerge almost like a
different candidate stronger more
confident more capable of communicating
saying the right things never the wrong
things that sort of thing and that has
happened that's happened if you've
watched her for the last month she's a
completely different candidate she's
changed her look she has fixed her body
language because she used to talk like
jumpy her shoulders will move when she's
talking and it just looked unconfident
she stopped it after a lifetime of that
activity in the last month she stopped
her entire body language thing now you
could do that if you practice
but it's I guarantee there was some
external source who said look you got to
get your body under control but sending
the wrong signal is yes the other thing
was her unconfident laughs she would
laugh at her own jokes and if you saw
her laughing and answering about in the
debate she said it was just a debate
that she laughed it was more of a
confident laugh in other words she was
laughing not at her own joke on
confidently she was laughing at the
person who asked the joke for it being
so silly that's a whole different laugh
and it works here's the next thing she
did so yesterday she tweeted this Cobb
lares tweets I was raised to know that
being black means that you are capable
of doing anything that if we are
committed if we are deep in faith we can
do anything
but it requires resilience and most of
all love of self and it's a wonderful
thing now that is almost a pure
republican tweet isn't it the Republican
point of view is the only thing stopping
you is yourself you know we took care of
making the laws fair as fair as we can
you know deeds lots of tweaking but at
least on paper they're fair so the thing
that's holding you back is your own
motivation in your own effort you know
your own life choices
it's very Republican and so Delk Pablo
Harris just out of nowhere she wasn't
prompted to say it has volunteered the
most Republican statement you've ever
heard now she can still you know say
that there's a victim thing going on as
well so she doesn't have to abandon that
but notice she's triangulating that's
the Clinton strategy triangulation in
other words she's starting to move
toward the center where everybody can
agree I'm gonna talk about this actually
I talk about it now let's go to the
whiteboard I've said this before but I
figured a better way to present it so I
think that's worth doing
forget about the shadows here so the GOP
of the Democrats have different views of
what equality should or or is and this
is a generalization it doesn't apply to
any one person right so just in general
the Republicans think that if you have
equality of rights and equality of
opportunity well you're done the rest is
up to you right as long as we made the
laws equal on paper it's up to you
working in in general right again these
are gross generalizations the Democrats
are a little more focused on outcomes
which is hey you know yeah I see on
paper it looks good but our outcomes are
different so that that's something that
must be fixed we've got to figure out
how to get the outcomes better whatever
that takes and these are hard to resolve
and my suggestion is that the useful
middle ground the triangulation place
the the place that a national candidate
could find agreement on both the left
and the right is equality of strategies
what do I mean by that here's what I
mean as a white person in America do I
have enough strategies for success the
answer is yes yes as a white person in
America I have plenty of strategies for
success stay out of jail don't do drugs
you know go to a good school that's it
because if I do those things and I'm a
white person in America sooner or later
I can get a job and I can you know make
something make something work out but
suppose that black in America do I have
the same strategies or different
strategies as long as I have plentiful
strategies for success does it matter if
they're exactly the same as someone
else's strategies not so much not so
much for example if I said I'm gonna
give you $100 and I'm gonna reach into
my right pocket and give it to you do
you care if I say I would do my right
pocket or my left
it doesn't matter you know you just
you've got your hundred dollars and you
didn't do any extra work either way
they're all equal so I would say that if
one group has a good basket of
strategies all of them are perfectly
acceptable but they're different from
somebody else's basket of strategies I
would say that you have equality of
strategy so long as both baskets are
full of good strategies that don't have
any limitations compared to the other
basket so if you're a black person in
America can you do you have the option
it might be harder because of you know
let's say if you're in an inner city you
have different pressures but you still
can not do drugs pay attention in school
your school is worse perhaps go to
college get a college scholarship so if
you're black you have a you have an
extra an extra strategy because you're
more likely to be able to get a college
scholarship if you get the college
degree or it could be anything it could
be a trade you know learning a trade
doesn't have to be college once you're
ready for the workforce do you have a
strategy for getting a job in our big
old racist discriminating world and the
answer is yes yes unlike the white
person's strategy which is I'll just go
get a job there's nothing really
stopping me black people might have some
racism depending on the situation there
could be some racism that they have to
overcome but they also have a strategy
that white people don't have which is
being black you can go into any fortune
500 company and I really mean it Eddie
pretty much 100% of every fortune 500
company take your college degree and say
I'd like to get a job and they will hire
you practically before you get the
sentence out of your mouth because they
have great pressure to improve diversity
so if you go in there with some skills
they can use it's yes it's yes and they
also need to make sure that they've got
enough diversity and senior management
so are they going to overlook you if
you're black
or are they going to give you a really
good look because they really need you
to succeed yesterday it's gonna give you
a really hard look and maybe pick you
above other people even if they don't
say that because it helps senior
management to promote black employees
because it makes them look good Hey look
at me I I got some diversity here so I
believe that children especially need to
be taught that all those strategies
might be different
although racism is pervasive and
universal and no matter what you do
about it you can't get rid of all of it
it's just sort of baked into our human
experience you can try as hard as you
can but if you're talking about what is
equal what is fair what is it what is a
standard by which we should measure how
well we're doing as a society I would
argue that if everybody has strategies
for success that that's about as fair as
you can get yeah there there might be an
idealized level of fairness that you'd
like to accomplish that might be just
impossible but the best you can get in
the real world is you've all got a path
they're just different paths
so if Tom Harris were to take an
approach like this and say look racism
exists everybody agrees we'll do what we
can and we'll tweak these systems we'll
try to you know get more control over
the judicial system in particular but
the real thing is strategy let's let's
get a strategy for success let's fix the
schools whatever by the way if I had to
if I had to pick one source of racism
like if you look at all the things you
would need to fix to reduce let's say
racial outcomes yeah you don't even have
to say racism you could say racial
outcomes so that black students you know
can do better yeah how do you improve
that every poor student can do better
how do you improve that if you could
take take it out to one problem what
would it be
let's say one thing you could fix what
would it be
here's my vote
the teachers unions I'm not an expert in
this field
but from what I can see the existence of
the teachers unions makes racism
possible and promotes it because you
can't fix the schools unless you have
some choice and some competition my
understanding is that black lives matter
and Republicans agree of the following
point wouldn't it be nice to have better
schools for black people that that this
is where Republicans and black lives
matter are on the same page wouldn't it
be nice to have better schools for black
people and for everybody of course the
Republicans would just say everybody but
don't you think Republicans want better
schools for black kids yeah yeah they do
how do you get there with teachers
unions in place you can't you can't
there is no path while teachers unions
exist in their current form there's no
path you can't get to an approved school
because you can't get competition you
can't fire bad teachers you can't you
don't have school choice you know you're
not going to be able to use the use the
listening religious school or private
school or any other school even if you
could afford it just can't use them they
don't exist so there's a there's an
obvious strategy for for making things
better which is to break the break the
teachers union of course that has its
problems all right there's a we'll talk
about the speech in a minute there's a
pundit on CNN Harry Intan who believes
that the the rumored belief that there
are shy Trump supporters and that the
polls are not picking them up
so Harry Anton writes this finding peace
on CNN saying that that can't be the
case it can't be true that Republicans
are lying to pollsters because the way
they're polled is when
robocalls so there's not a human being
and Harry had said I don't want to
insult the guy but I don't know how to
do this I don't have to talk about this
without insulting his intelligence he
thinks that because you gave your
political opinion to a robocall that
you're talking to a machine so you
wouldn't have any problems with your
privacy Harry I would be really
embarrassed to put that opinion in
public because that robocall that was
your phone number and it knows what
answers you gave by pushing the keypad
or however you did it and that's all in
a database you don't think a human has
access to the database how could you be
how could you be so unaware of the world
to think that because a computer is
collecting the information that humans
don't have access to it so I can't think
of a Republican who would you would
trust a robot with their personal
information a robot comes to your door
and says hey yeah I'm a robot can you
tell me your medical information there
you go are you kidding that's private
I'm not going to tell you my medical
information there's a robot at your door
says oh no no I'm not even a person I'm
a machine you can tell me and then the
Republican says really if I tell you
that you know I still have privacy
because you're a machine and the robot
says yeah yeah I wouldn't lie to you
then the Republican goes into his gun
safe takes out the biggest weapon he can
he blows the head off the off the robot
because it's obviously an evil robot and
I think it would be a justified killing
so what I did is 11 points ahead of
these robot calls maybe maybe you know I
don't think you could rule out the Biden
is actually
and might actually win the election good
habit so here's the biggest story of the
day that will be treated as the smallest
story of the day but if I grow over time
as Joel pointed out both white
wheat and a Breitbart where he wrote
about it what we saw last night was
you've noticed that the rally crowd was
not that big and of course the campaign
the Trump campaign tried to say you know
maybe it was because protesters tried to
keep people out but it wasn't that the
protesters did do a little interfering
but it didn't have anything to do with
the final count so what was it they did
it well
AOC and some of the Democrats are
crowing as they say crowing that they're
quite happy that they believe there was
a tick-tock Prague in other words users
of tick tock got together and they
organized this online campaign to RSVP
to the rally but not planning to
actually go so they were just going to
say they were going and then you know
the campaign was saying we sold a
billion tickets or a million RSVPs but
that was all fake that was a tick-tock
prank this started small and it grew
into a big thing so AOC was laughing and
mocking the Republicans and the Trump
campaign last night by tweet hahaha you
fools
the clever clever anti Trump users the
citizens the young citizens he called
them the Zoomers you know the young
people of tick-tock they organized this
campaign and they tricked you and they
made you rally a failure ha ha is that
the story is there anything anything
maybe a detail that could be added to
that story that would make it a little
bit different
is there anything maybe missing from her
tweet well tick-tock
a Chinese company who controls the
algorithm in tik-tok well
tick-tock-tick-tock gets to decide what
their algorithm is who controls
tick-tock Chinese government because
they control any Chinese company so that
they have an interest in if they didn't
care they wouldn't control them but
since tick-tock is a gigantic social
media company with a gigantic influence
potential that would be a case where you
could know with with certainty that the
Chinese government has some control over
the tick-tock algorithm don't let me ask
you this if you're familiar with
tick-tock you know it's mostly people
doing funny little singing and dancing
videos you know that that's 99% of it
and you know that the age is sort of the
twelve-year-old
you're sort of the the core age a little
bit older but you know twelve is
probably that you know the real point
now can you remember in your in you were
memory of your entire life do you
remember the other time that twelve year
olds were really interested in politics
to the extent that they would care about
one rally in Tulsa and that they would
care so much about politics these twelve
year old Americans because you know your
12 year old American girls I think it's
mostly girls twelve year old American
girls what they really care about is
politics and the issue they care about
the most is the number of people who
attended a Trump rally in Tulsa because
that's the sort of thing they care about
when they're 12 do you believe that do
you believe that the that the size of
this viral campaign was driven entirely
by organic interest of twelve-year-old
girls in politics is that what you think
did do you believe that this happened
organically
it's possible but it would be the first
time ever that twelve-year-old girls got
deeply involved in politics I would say
the odds that this happened organically
are pretty close to zero which means
they're right in front of us and by the
way since the the rally crowd size has
been front-page news so there's nobody
who could argue that this story of how
many people attended the rally doesn't
have an effect on our political system
you couldn't claim that right nobody
nobody reasonably could say about that
didn't have an influence on the campaign
it was such a small thing well it is a
small thing compared to all the other
things but it is nonetheless true that
we we watched right in front of
ourselves the Chinese government
changing the news cycle of how we report
on the biggest political decision of our
lifetimes
perhaps so here's the thing if tick-tock
is still legal in the United States next
week your government is
worthless so I don't know that tick-tock
will be banned in the United States but
if it's still alive in a week the
government of the United States is just
not doing the job I mean this was such
an obvious foreign interference and I'll
even go further suppose you can imagine
they since you can't prove the Chinese
government did anything you know there's
no smoking gun because we don't have
access to the algorithm even if you
couldn't prove it what's the difference
what's the difference you still have to
shut it down because China could have
done that whether or not they actually
did it in this case is completely
irrelevant to the question of shutting
them down this case shows unambiguously
that they could have done it all they
had to do is boost the algorithm so that
more people
saw the saw the the post that's it how
many people how many people do you think
would organically see a political post
tick-tock do you think that's the kind
of post that goes viral hey I'm gonna
say something about politics on
tick-tock that'll go viral
well some of them are but that feels
like a new phenomenon like maybe there's
somebody behind the curtain who say well
there's not much political on here but
we're gonna make these big so I don't
know there's there's no way to shade
this at this point a tick-tock has to be
closed down it has to be closed down
because what we saw last night was worse
than Russia collusion was even alleged
way worse you you saw the the Facebook
ads that the Russians did like complete
amateur amateur hour had no effect on
anything I can guarantee it but this did
this actually changed the new cycle in
real time you watched it you watched it
there's nothing else to ask there's
there's no further no further
investigation needs to be done you know
that they could have done it so even if
they didn't it's too big of a risk so I
wouldn't be surprised if tick tock gets
shut down by the end of the week next
week I wouldn't be surprised if it gets
shut down on Monday and I will tell you
that if we go all the way into the
election and tick-tock is still legal in
the United States Trump doesn't deserve
to get elected so let me say it as
clearly as possible
if tick-tock doesn't get shut down
before Election Day I don't care if
Trump wins it up
I mean he's not doing the basic job of
the president if he lets that continue
to be a product that is sold in the
United States or used in the n° seats
would you agree by the way when you say
that's just so basic to the job that if
he's not if he can't get that done I'd
look at somebody else
yeah you got to start looking at the
alternatives if the guy who's in the
position doesn't do something that basic
alright let's talk about how he did on
the speech itself I know that's what you
care about my first take and I tweeted
about it but then I deleted my tweet is
that it looked like a disaster so the
first I don't know 15 minutes senator so
I was I was just thinking this is the
worst morality
he's just looking not to win that was my
first impression yeah and here are some
of the things that I saw for that he
said stuff like these are all red meat
he was feeding CNN so my specific
complaint is that it seemed like the
entire speech was just to give CNN
material to criticize him about stuff
that just didn't need to be said it just
wasn't this wasn't helping him but it
could hurt him that was my first
impression I'll tell you how that
changed and so he talked about the flu
being the Chinese flu I think he said
the common flu flu so you know that's
gonna be called racist he said he used
the word hombre you know what if some
bad hombre comes and even signaled to us
that he knows he's not supposed to use
that word and then he used it after he
signal he's now supposed to
he of course supported statues which
people will interpret as racist even if
it isn't he use word of thugs that he
knows people will interpret as racist
even though it isn't so he did he talked
about his supporters would fight better
if it came to a you know if it came to a
civil war
the Republicans would win because
they're better fighters basically and
the second event invented is important
because the protestors which makes CNN
think he's talking about shooting people
so and then of course he had I don't
think he mentioned Juneteenth he didn't
mention any unifying words the entire
all of the visuals were Trump supporters
packed tightly together and not Merritt
wearing masks and frankly look like
lucky idiots let me say that as clearly
as possible the
visual of it in the in the middle of the
pandemic seeing crowds and crowds and
crowds of the picture after picture of
Trump supporters standing shoulders your
shoulder without masks it does look make
them look like idiots so that's just a
terrible look I kind of expected that
the president would not be wearing the
mask but that the the participants would
be strongly encouraged to wear them some
of the some of them had them but nobody
so I would say that the if yeah I'm not
sure how that played with Republicans my
guess is that Republicans generally
liked his speech you know probably more
like that than not but even Trump
himself referred to the first part of
his speech is not up to his the standard
he wanted it to
he actually criticized the quality of
his own speech while he was giving it
and he was accurate which made me laugh
so so that's the part we like about him
like that there's some you know that
lack of a filter is very appealing even
though it has all kinds of problems
associated with it it's just appealing
to some types of people I would include
myself but here's what he did right oh
the other thing he said jokingly or not
he said that all the testing makes it
look like there's more infections and
that's bad for Trump so he said he told
his team to slow down the testing baby
because it makes him look bad now a CNN
chose to interpret that as literal like
he actually meant that to his credit
Chris solez a-- solicit
was on CNN and one of those you know
multi-person panel shots when they went
to him he said and he said it explicitly
well I don't think he was completely
serious about that in other words at
least crystal is I recognized that when
the president says things like this you
should always take them as literal but
the other panelists chose to because
that makes it a story but
knowing that crystal izi was like I
don't know that that's serious is
helpful because you know that even see
it then it's got to have a little bit of
question whether he was joking by the
way he was joking and that he also said
that he talked to the Republicans of the
plane coming over some of the other
politicians and they were talking about
how it might be better to let the cities
burn because it would look good for job
and I thought to myself oh god did he
really say that did he say the
Republicans are talking about letting
the cities burn because it'd be good
politically did he really say that but
people also realize because he also said
that if the city's allowed him to he
could stop the problems in an hour it'd
be you have to send in the military but
he stopped in an hour so he's very clear
that the reason that he's holding off is
because the Democrat mayor's are not
letting him in if they asked he would
come in to solve the problem so here's
my overall take what I said what I've
heard first heard the first few things
that I knew would be on CNN I wrote them
down and checked and as soon as it was
done yes every point that you pulled out
that you do what he said it was like oh
there is the CNN Headline there's
another one it sure enough every one of
them was there but it wasn't the only as
bad as I thought it would be I looked at
the headlines last night and there was a
vet abuser word racist what's up with
that he fed them intentionally race
baiting ideas when he the the ombré one
was the one that told you what he was
thinking all right cuz that one was a
little too on the nose
he actually said I like to use the word
abre and I made some reference to the
fact that it would be trouble and that
he used it so here if you look at all
the things he said that normally other
people would put in the context of
racism I didn't see it
as strongly as I thought
CNN was going to play it because if you
would look at all these things they
really more easily fall into being
offensive than free speech so I think
the president has carved out a strong
position which he refuses to give an
inch on which is free speech which is a
gigantic issue for his base and watching
him not bow even a little bit to
political pressure about how to speak I
kind of liked I kind of liked it even
though I was like oh don't say that
don't say that at the same time the
other part of my brain was saying I like
the fact that he's he's protecting the
space meaning that he's he is absolutely
adamant about the right to offended
people about anything he was the right
to be offensive and yet he's fighting
for it and that right accrues to his
base I think by association in the sense
that if he doesn't get canceled you know
that does not some kind of a standard
now there were no unified words a lot of
people on both sides saying well that
was kind of a missed opportunity but on
the other hand on the other hand as we
watched the Democrats self-immolate in
other words the autonomous that is all
bad news for Democrats I would think I
mean ongoing trouble this seems like
it's accruing to Democrats the the you
know that the Democrats in the middle
will seem to be losing ground to the
left this is the weirdest election
because the best campaign strategy for
both Biden and Trump it's the not
campaign isn't that weird Biden is
definitely advantaged by not campaigning
but so is Trump I think Trump just has
to wait and just just let the nearest
play the news a lot of people have
criticized him for not being more vocal
about the the protesters the district
etc if he had been more vocal it would
have been called racist he did say all
the right things about you know George
Floyd and etc and he did do an executive
order on you know police police
processes so he was you know paying
attention he was acting he was saying
the right things but once he's done the
basics
he may be just not talking
this is best campaign strategy I mean
that would be surprising if it were I'm
not not recommending it but overall I
would say that the president gave a
speech much like his last much like
these other speeches I don't think it
will make a dent it will not lose him
any votes it will not gain him any votes
but here might be the one thing that we
took away from it that might be the one
thing that was the most persuasive are
you ready for it here's the one most
persuasive thing that came out of it
what Trump did in front of the entire
world stand out of he was there for an
hour or whatever it was whatever the
time was he he did a one-hour
presentation that there isn't one person
in the entire world who believes Biden
could have done that nobody
there's no Democrat and there's no
Republican who believes Biden could have
simply even performed the way Trump did
forget about what he said just the
performance Trump was clearly mentally
all there he was a top of his game he
even made fun of you know he's slow
start I think he's a little out of
practice got a little out of practice
with the rallies and stuff because of
the time off I think that will fix you
know I think he'll be better every time
he does it the the slaughter beater is
probably it's probably about 50/50 right
now so it's below 100% but it's also
going to be moving all over the place
between their own election
he was very funny I think he had his
funniest jokes when he talked about the
ramp in he had you know excellent
presentation on the the water glass and
using his one handed the saluting and
stuff so in terms of playing to his base
I think it was very successful in terms
of the the left I know the protests seem
to have fizzle out the protests seem to
fizzle out yeah he was pretty funny I
have a good laugh over some of his stuff
and I was watching the fact-check turd
Dale is this they the fact checker so
Trump claimed that the last 10 feet of
the ramp he sort of you know ran down
and that if they showed the last part of
the ramp they would see that there's
nothing wrong with Trump that it was
obviously the ramp because the last part
he ran now of course he didn't that just
didn't happen if you look at the video
no there was no running down the ramp
did that happen
but immediately after he was off the
ramp he did show a little spring in his
step and I remember seeing that even
before he mentioned it and I thought oh
that little spring in your step is I
think he's signalling to anybody
watching there's nothing wrong with me
that it's the ramp and when I watched it
that's exactly what I thought I saw that
little he did a little like a skip at
the end when he got off clearly shouting
they had full control of his body and
his legs it was just the ramp so what
Dale fact-check sentence says no the
last 10 feet of that ramp he is not
running and he said he was running and
that's just not true but if you watch
the video you're gonna see him get to
the end of the ramp and then do like do
a little like skip thing and then you
could say okay well he did he did
exaggerate the end of the ramp thing but
it's also obvious that the news live
because he's fine and then he obviously
there's nothing wrong with his his hand
drinking water I I was very curious what
the two hands of the water glass was
because we've seen them do it before he
holds over two hands and his explanation
he's trying to keep a drip from his tie
because it looks bad if you get like a
little drip on your tie his so tie it's
really gonna show and I thought that is
so weird I think it's true I think it
was so weird that it would be hard not
to believe that that he used the second
hand to keep a drip off his tie I don't
know that you would make that up that
would be the weirdest lay in the world
to make up so as soon as I heard it I
thought wow that is just so weird that's
probably true all right that's all I got
for now yeah I will I will talk to you
later