how's everybody
doing well I'm trying to get rid of a
troll but he's hiding really well it's a
very well- hidden
troll but we'll get him we'll get him
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and uh
that's what this is but if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels that
nobody can even understand with their
tiny smooth human brains all you need is
a copper muger glass a tanker chel
dinting Jugger flas a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dope me of
the day the thing makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous sip
it happens now
go so just before I got on I was trying
to delete a uh a troll we got into
my local subscription site but the
interesting thing is that the name that
the troll is using doesn't exist in my
uh customer list in any
form now why I don't know but somebody's
doing a really clever job uh it does
seem clear that some democrat operatives
have
infiltrated my subscription
services with the intention of saying a
racist thing with every single comment
so that somebody someday can say look at
the racists he let into his feet but
it's the same people and I'm
just trying to get rid of them and they
change their names and they come back
they seem to be professionals because
they they put too much energy into it so
if you see them they are not the regular
members they're just some trolls who
were coming in to say racist things
every 3 seconds so just ignore them I'll
figure out a way to find them somehow
they found a way to not show up in my
customer list and I don't know how they
did that but that's a good
trick well here are some new things how
many of you are hooked on AI
already so I find that my favorite thing
to do when I'm driving because I'm not
big on listening to music or too much
talk radio or anything I like turning on
my chat GPT app and putting it in voice
mode so it can just listen to me and I
can just talk to it anytime I want and I
find that what I use it for is
homeschooling I'm homeschooling myself
because it turns out I'm always curious
about things so I'll be driving in my
car and I'll think huh how does that
thing in the world connect to that other
thing in the world and they'll just ask
it it'll give me like a little lesson so
I'm actually homeschooling I I I made a
list of the things that I had learned
recently you know I've learned things
about the fall of Rome I've I've asked
at complicated medical things that it
would compare to this or that I've asked
about side effects of this and that and
I'm actually just homeschooling it's
it's the greatest experience I really
recommend it and it's addictive as hell
even though it doesn't work half the
time you if you're driving you're
continually losing the signal and it's
getting confused and you know it's
answering the wrong question and stuff
and still with something like
a 60% fail rate meaning that if you just
ask it a question 60% of the time it
won't hear it it'll disconnect uh or
it'll give the wrong answer to the wrong
question about 60% of the time and still
I'm addicted I'll tell you there's no
stronger signal for something that's
going to be big beyond your belief then
it fails 60% of the time and you're
addicted that's what the internet was do
you remember the early days of the
internet and you wanted to look up
anything that were really really
interested
in and it just didn't work half the time
and you were still addicted so it's like
that well Eric uh Weinstein was on Joe
Rogan I guess he'd been asked to address
the provocative physics ideas of
Terrence Howard actor Terrence Howard
and Eric Weinstein's uh summary was
uh not really too credible kind of a
bunch of nothing
uh but he debunked him with maximum
arrogance which made it extra funny he
said he wasn't giving him a peer review
he was giving an an Elite review because
he knows way more no he does way he does
know way
more but the fact I I think the big
story here is not not that Terrence
Howard got debunked in some of his views
but then somehow he didn't punch Eric
Weinstein in the face
I feel like that's the story that wasn't
told because I got to say if anybody
said to me what Eric said to him to his
face I probably would have hit
him or walked out or something I'm
exaggerating but it was uh it was
maximum arrogance but at the same time
it was very useful and entertaining so
to me it was very useful because I was
curious how much of this has some
backing so we found out anyway was just
what it looked like I
guess I can't remember if I told you but
there's a writer at the uh Huffington
Post Kon
shof who thinks that the Democrats
should use AI to make Biden look better
in other words just artificially change
him so he's not as stuttering and he
doesn't look like he has a cold I guess
um and uh so so he admits that he should
use AI to make a smoother
a smoother
Biden now does none of that bother
them what happened to the people on the
left that they can casually
suggest pretending that the president's
fine while he's
not and and writing an article to
support doing
that that's just the wildest thing who
writes an article saying you know what
we should do for the good of the country
uh allow you not to see that your
president is mentally degraded make him
look
good is that just dumb or is that team
play what is that I mean I don't even
know how to put a label on that but it's
there I guess just more huffing and post
stuff it but if I may be kind the
failing struggling huffing and post on
his last legs and they're not really
attracting the best talent shall we say
let's just say he if you're a good
writer with good ideas you never say to
yourself if only I could work for the
hoffan Post no you want to go to the
Washington Post like Phil
bump okay if you know the players that's
funny all right is there anything
psychedelics can't do every single day
we find a new thing they might do but
one of the things they might do
interestingly uh is treat stuttering now
this has not yet been tested but the
hypothesis is strong because of the way
apparently stuttering is uh and
stammering are both uh triggered by
social
discomfort um and they might be able to
turn that off with psychedelics maybe
even permanently so they want to test it
but this does suggest a way that we can
fix
Biden because maybe if he done some
mushrooms before the debate
maybe what don't laugh you think it
would be worse if he was on mushrooms
come
on you tell me that Biden's debate
performance would have been
worse if he were on
LSD
maybe but I don't see
how
anyway um here's the most surprising
bombshell you turn as the daily mail
calls it so George Soros is halting
funding for a number of his
prosecutors because they didn't do
well
what and you this really makes me wonder
what's going on so two of the ones that
are not going to get funding that he had
funded before include the uh uh the LA
County DA George gasone you've heard
about him in my area so this is my uh da
Pamela price who's the subject of a big
recall effort in my area now they're
both at risk of being booted and uh I
guess he's not funding
them why would he why would he stop
funding the people who look like they're
doing exactly what he wanted them to
do why would he
stop is it because they're wildly
unpopular and he can just put somebody
popular in there who does the same
things but I think they're wildly
unpopular because of the things they do
so you couldn't really replace them with
other people doing the same
thing
um anyway
so George Soros defunding my own local
prosecutor so here's my speculation you
know I I've I've said to you that I
didn't believe that George Soros senior
could possibly be aware of where his
money was going especially the
prosecutors because if he were
aware it'd be hard to explain it looks
like something an old man who wasn't in
charge of anything let happen
accidentally but maybe uh Alex Soros The
Heir who's in charge of stuff now maybe
it was just too much pressure it could
be that even the Democrats said you know
you need you need to take your foot off
the uh accelerator here because you're
killing
us you're killing us so it could be that
the pendulum's going to swing back on
these prosecutors because it turned out
to be terrible for the Democratic party
so the greatest donor to the
Democrats um also donated to the thing
that destroyed the
party would you agree that George Soros
essentially destroyed the Democrat Party
by funding these prosecutors which made
the look unlivable which made Democrats
say wait a minute did we do this you did
yeah you did this is you Democrats you
did destroy uh a number of great cities
in the United States so maybe they're
thinking that's a bad idea now the
Supreme Court uh has overturned a ruling
that was barring the use of most dropped
Ballot or most ballot drop boxes NBC
News is
reporting and so
why would they do
that why why would they allow these uh
ballot boxes that almost everybody says
makes an election less secure why would
they do that to rig the election yeah
there's no other reason is there do you
think they found some little legal
reason no no I I think this is exactly
what it looks like it looks like the
Wisconsin Supreme Court is probably just
Democrats and it looks like they just
decided to help rig the state so if
you're wondering if the election is
rigged it already is th this is rigging
that's a rigged election you can now say
the election is rigged and just point to
this it's it's a swing state it's not
irrelevant it's a swing state it's
already rigged it's rigged right in
front of you in the most obvious way now
is it legal H I don't know legalish but
it's rigged you know whether it's
legally rigged or or illegally rigged
honestly those don't make a big
difference do they if you can find a way
to do it through the legal process how's
that
different is rigged so we can say the
2024 election is rigged that doesn't
mean we know the outcome but it's rigged
you can say that conclusively now this
this is
rigging and by the way I will change my
vote on that if somebody can give me an
argument for why allowing all these many
Ballot Box pick up things that everybody
thinks makes things
insecure why they would do this okay if
you could give me any reason that's not
rigging I will fully evaluate that
reason and maybe even change my mind
maybe there's some reason I don't know
about I don't think so but I think it's
exactly what it looks like they rigged
the election in Wisconsin and then
that's it so maybe that that state might
be out of play
there might be no point in even Trump
visiting because they've already rigged
it you know it if I were Trump and
deciding where to spend my money and my
time I might go where they haven't
rigged it that that might be just a good
economic
play all right Trump finally debunked
the fine people hoax in the way that
we've all been wanting him to do and I'm
just going to read it because it's so
beautiful it made me weep
Donald Trump posting in true social and
I quote the New York Post so he's
quoting the New York Post a left-wing
fact Checker admits Trump never called
Charlottesville neo-nazis quote very
fine people the left leaning
factchecking website Snopes acknowledged
Saturday that former president Trump
never called neo-nazis very fine people
President Biden was Chief among those
critics citing the supposed incident as
a main reason for launching his 2020
campaign while Trump did say that there
were very fine people on both sides he
also specifically noted that he was not
talking about neo-nazis and white
supremacists and said they should be
condemned totally therefore we have
rated this fa this claim of false sopes
wrote well well
well this is everything I
wanted so I keep telling you that
whoever is advising Trump is is really
good it's just so obvious it's so
obvious he's getting good advice now as
I always say the boss still gets the
credit because the boss picks the people
who give the advice the boss looks at
all the different advice and the boss
has to pick the good advice and then the
boss has to execute so it's still the
boss I don't I don't want to take any
credit from Trump the boss gets the
credit that's and also the blame that's
the way it works but you can't you can't
ignore the fact he's getting good advice
that's just a fact it's just
obvious here's why this is perfect
number one he's using Snopes as his
Source a left leaning source which he
also calls a left leaning source is that
good persuasion it's perfect because
it's more persuasive if it comes from
their own
team that will mean something he uh he
uh described the hoax clearly without
too much detail that's perfect you don't
want to get into too much detail just do
the basics say it got
debunked he he also said that Biden used
it as his main reason for launching his
2020 campaign thank
you thank you that's perfect you got to
put it in context Joe Biden is the guy
who's calling you a liar he ran on the
fine people hoax knowing it was a hoax
of
course this is the right
timing it's perfect
now it's really hard to do something
that's perfect
because nobody does anything perfect but
this is really perfect I mean this is as
nailed as you can nail a thing and I can
say I've been I've been working on this
for seven
years you know I've just been pushing
and pushing and pushing Steve Steve
Cortez Joel Pollock and I I think we've
been the three Horsemen of trying to
kill this hoax but part of killing it
was to to arm Trump so that he'd have a
you know he'd have some portable way to
to debunk it as he goes because just
saying it wasn't true wasn't getting it
done and here's a little uh a lesson in
persuasion
persuasion will work best if you can tie
it to Something in the real world an
event in the real world or some pattern
in the real world that will remind you
of the new thing so if you did did the
same persuasion every day and got no
effect but then one day something
happens in the environment that will
make your persuasion work all right so
what happened in the environment is that
Snopes debunked it and the Biden gave a
debate and mentioned it again and that
Biden's main theme is that Trump's a
liar those three things made this
perfect for this statement so he didn't
just say it perfectly
he picked the right exact time there
could have been a no better time if he
if he had debunked this years ago it
wouldn't be useful today as the main
thing that will wake up the Democrats
and tell them that the whole thing's
been a lie so you can't do better than
this honestly you just can't do better
than
that all
right speaking of factchecking uh bre
Bart is factchecking Biden on his uh
injecting bleach OES or drinking bleach
hes however he says it I think he says
injecting bleach into your arm now now
you all know that's the fake claim that
Trump suggested doing that but here's uh
I'll just give the summary the claim and
the verdict from
Breitbart so uh the claim is that during
an interview with ABC News George stopus
that Biden repeated a false claim that
Trump told people to quote put bleach in
their arms he actually said it
again with you know it sounds like a
prepared
thing and here's their verdict false
Trump was talking about experimental
ultraviolet light technology and how it
is used as a disinfectant and question
whether it might be possible to inject
into the human body well I'm going to
take another Victory lap on this one
because you know this is the other hoax
I've been pushing the hardest on and
this one's harder to debunk because it
requires knowing something that the
public didn't know which was that that
uh Republicans including me were
tweeting around and talking about and I
talked it on my live stream maybe once
or twice uh at that very time that that
experimental ultraviolet light would be
a disinfectant you could put it in your
body by injection so to speak
so
good there's another one so the guy
who's running against the PE person he
calls the liar has told the biggest
Whoppers in the world um here's an
interesting exchange I saw Megan Kelly
in a post on X saying she was uh
genuinely sad and angry over uh how
people are treating Joe Biden and he
deserves better than to go out like this
um and she says the answer is to let him
retire with some dign dignity and not to
you know keep him forcing him out there
in the racehorse he's a wounded
racehorse
now on one hand I know a lot of people
have said similar things they've said
some version of you know he served the
country well you know should put him out
to retirement with some dignity and uh
we should feel some empathy for him well
you know who doesn't feel empathy would
be uh General Flynn's son Michael Flynn
Jr who responded to Megan Kelly about
feeling sad and angry for Biden and she
and he said I'm not Biden
 tried to destroy my family
he can burn in hell for all I
care that's the side I'm on I'm on his
side um I think that Biden is an old
confused man I also think he's maybe one
of the worst people in the history of
the United States I think he's deeply
evil and has been for a long time and
he's evil at a level that I don't even
think we've seen in this country before
maybe one of the most evil people in all
of
politics and there have been a few evils
um but I don't think we've seen anything
like him I mean if you look at his
history and people
have it's just about the worst
thing any politician has ever done I
mean there's a whole list of things he's
done that are the worst things and we'll
talk about some of those but the thing
that makes me wonder is you know we talk
about the Deep state
but has the Deep State thrown a coup
every time somebody orange ran for
office so they ran a coup against Trump
and by the way I have no problems
calling it a coup the the laptop stuff
the Russia collusion hoax I mean it's
just one hoax after another and it's all
seems to be managed to run out of the
intelligence arms of the United States
so yes the Deep state did run a coup in
my opinion against Trump and they're
doing it now against the only only the
second orange president we've ever had
apparently you can't be an orange
president because the Deep state is
going to say nope nope we we could let
you be white we could let you be black
but you cannot be orange and that's the
bottom line on that well as you know
Biden tried to do his uh save his
campaign by talking to the friendliest
Democrat of all time George
stop
stop uh Stephanopoulos Stephanopoulos is
the exact name and I will say that
George Stephanopoulos was clearly not
there to save Biden's career would you
agree if you watched it it was clear
that stenopus was not trying to
rehabilitate him he was not he was
asking tough questions he never let it
never let him squirm away away from a
question made him come back to it asked
tough ones and it's clear that his job
since we know he's not a real journalist
you know he's just a Democrat operative
uh it's pretty obvious that the
important Powers within the Democrat
Party are trying to push him out but
they got a problem it's still his
decision so I don't know how much they
plan to Blackmail them but I think
that's coming next now don't you think
that the Deep state has blackmail on
Biden of course it does after like a
hundred years in office of course they
have blackmail material on them do you
think they would use
it I'm going to say no do you know why
do you know why Biden can't be
blackmailed because he knows where all
the bodies are
hidden he he can blackmail you back
really hard they're going to have to
kill them they're not going to I don't
think but I don't think it's got to be
an option but I don't think they will um
I think the Deep state is just running
out of options so they're going to use
all their powers of people to try to
influence them good luck with that good
luck influencing the dementia guy good
luck
anyway uh my my take on him is that
Biden looked orange weak incoherent lost
frighten slow dementia I mean looked
terrible I would I would give his
performance a F complete failure well
there was nothing redeeming about it
whatsoever uh I didn't like that he was
appropriating the uh culture of
pumpkins
and he he sat there and he told the
biggest and most obvious lie in American
history that he is absolutely
cognitively
fine has there ever been a bigger more
obvious lie I mean you could argue there
bigger lies but has there ever been one
that's biger
and more
obvious that he sits there cognitively
declined showing you that he is and tell
you that you're not seeing it now that's
some serious gaslighting right there uh
let's see here are the Dumbo let me just
run through the dumbass things he said
uh he said I had a bad cold and so first
he had a bad cold and then he was tired
and then uh and then he said that Trump
you know yes and he he lost control
because Trump was yelling yelling at the
debate now if you're the
president of the United
States and you admit in public that
because your opponent was talking with
the microphone off that you lost
control you're really taking yourself
out of the race or you should be but I
mean it's just the the level of pathetic
there is crazy
then he also just tried to throw in that
Trump lied 28 times without mentioning
that according to CNN Biden had lied
about 15 times and by the way they
missed a bunch so it was closer to a tie
while he sitting there lying about his
cognitive ability he has the guts to say
that Trump's the
liar um he was a mumbling and rambling
mess uh and then at one point asked
again about his bad debate performance
he said just had a bad night I don't
know why so after telling us why I had a
cold I was
exhausted then he says I don't know why
he had a bad night so he had completely
lost his own fake excuses he was like I
don't know
why so that was a
mess uh then when he talked he talked
about his
accomplishments which his supporters say
would be his strongest thing he could do
is talk about your accomplishments they
sounded
so vague that they didn't even sound
real I don't even think they are real
see if any of these seem real to
you he said he uh let's see he took on
big Pharma and beat them did he did he
beat big Pharma because I don't recall
seeing that I don't think he took on Big
B big Pharmacy big farman beat
them what cuz he got some insulin cost
down which were not much different than
what Trump did then he said he grew the
economy really what what did he do to
grow it it did grow but what did he
do what what was the part that grew the
economy the uh the Wi-Fi that he didn't
install the uh infrastructure bill that
we I don't even know what it did what
was it threatening to raise our taxes
yeah how do you grow the economy
now the truth is that even even you know
every president Trump's going to say he
grew the economy but you got to be able
to point to something Trump can say I
reduced regulations and you know lowered
some
taxes those things should be expected to
have some impact on the economy Trump
can say I uh released the energy
business in the United States that's an
argument that would be an argument so
but just saying I grew the economy the
economy was growing
it's like I made all of you older or
taller or something well that was going
to happen
anyway he said
uh he said he did things they said we
couldn't
do well they said you couldn't do it and
maybe you
didn't uh he said he brought decency
back to the
office did
he did
he he brought decency back he's law far
ing his opponent he's lying about
everything he ran on
hoaxes he's still lying right to our
faces and he ran on
decency he said he United the country he
said he unite the country he did did
he well in one way he did there's been
one and exactly one political situation
since 2016
in which both the Democrats and the
Republicans were watching one movie on
one screen at the same time every other
time we looked at the same screen but we
saw two different movies but when the
debate
happened everybody saw Biden
disintegrate you didn't have to wonder
it was right there you couldn't deny it
so this is he did unite the country he
did create the one and only one you
can't think of a single other example
the one time we all watched the same
movie at the same time never happened
before in my memory at least not since
2016 can you think of another example
think of any other
example oh maybe one maybe one the the
one I could think of was brief but
remember when the grabbing by the
tape came out and the Democrats said oh
he's done but so did I so did the
Republicans
like on day one everybody saw the same
movie it's like um I think he might be
done but it took only about a week for
us to forget about it and think you know
what I don't care he was just talking
Locker talk get over it so it did split
into two movies soon but for a moment
you know just the first hour you heard
it probably everybody had the same
response which is uh oh that's bad I
don't know how you can win with that but
he did
so at the moment we are still on the
same page in the same movie 100% of
people who saw the the debate know that
Biden's gone they may lie I mean they
may be saying other things but they know
it we are on one page for the first time
which might be a bigger deal than you
think because it's not until there's
some kind of opening between the two
silos of uh
realities if you can't create the
smallest little connection between those
two realities you're never going to
convince anybody of anything so this
might be an opening he said that uh 16
Nobel laurat said he was doing the right
thing they're all Democrat supporters
that's said he he wants to
straighten out the tax system that
doesn't sound good but he didn't do it
uh he's been great for Elder Care and
child care I don't know maybe I'm not
aware of anything he did maybe he did
um and he so he was asked if there he's
had more lapses recently and if he's
more frail he changed the
subject uh they asked him if he he's
taking a full neurological test at first
he said uh nobody's asked him
to okay that doesn't feel too too true
and then he said he takes one every day
by getting up and doing his job well did
he take one that day he debated because
that was part of every day the day he
was on the Bas stage he took a
neurological test and failed I watched
it he took a neurological test as he
defines it which is doing his job every
day in front of people well there he was
in front of people doing his job
debating and he clearly failed the
neurological test I mean
clearly
um let's see
uh can you serve effectively for the
next four years Biden was asked and he
answered I'm the guy who shut down
NATO um he seems to not have a good
distinction between the past and the
future because when asked about the
future he mentions the
past uh that's a bad sign that's a bad
sign because Biden doesn't have much
future left he may have so little future
left that he can't even answer a
question about what he would do four
years from now because he does doesn't
expect to be here and I don't expect it
either sadly the past is
99.99% of all the experiences you will
ever have his future is going to be
0.1 of his life and he knows it so when
he asks about the future he reflexively
talks about the past because that's the
part that will exist sort
of um he said I wouldn't be running if I
unless I oh he said asked if you know he
he could serve I wouldn't be running if
I thought I
could now do you think I said that wrong
do you think that what he really said
was when he asked if he could serve did
he say I wouldn't be
running if I thought I
couldn't no he said I wouldn't be
running if I thought I could so asked if
he has the cognitive ability to run he
failed to answer a simple question and
answered it in its opposite as his
answer to whether he's cognitively
capable good job good job um he said
that the character of the president
matters as he sat there lying to us
about his cognitive abilities and ran on
the fine people hoax to divide America
but character counts character
counts um and he was asked if he knew he
was having a bad
night um he said it came to me I was
having a bad night when I realized that
even when I was answering a question
even though they turned his mic off he
was still shouting and I let it distract
me and he said I'm not blaming it on
that I'm not blaming it on that after he
just blamed it on
that so he blamed it on that and said
I'm not blaming it on
that yeah he's a cognitive
mess and he said quote but I realized I
just wasn't in
control
wow yeah it's like he's begging you not
to vote for
him he said every bad thing you could
ever say in terms of a
debate
um so stefanus asked him what's your
plan to turn the campaign around and
Biden said how many people can draw
crowds
like but how many people can
Mumble draw clouds crowds crowds like I
drew
today and steena
says uh I don't know if you want to play
the crowd game with
Trump Biden is so mentally degraded that
he thought comparing his crowd size to
Trump might give him a little
boost unbelievable unbelievable
um and then when they asked uh about his
approval rating at 36% he says I don't
believe that's my approval rating so he
denied
reality but in the end he summarized uh
he said uh I did the goodest job as I
know I can
do that's an actual quote I I did the
goodest job as I know I can do
the goodest
job oh my
God all
right so here's how I would Define it
all summary our goodest president is the
non liar with good character who built
his 2020 campaign around the fine people
hoax the most debunked hoax in American
history all right and now to prove that
Biden did a great job at that uh
interview uh his campaign canceled plans
for Wisconsin uh fundraiser in
July that's not what you call a vote of
confidence from the campaign they just
canceled one of his big fundraisers does
that mean that they don't think he's
going to be the candidate in Wisconsin
in
July because this is
July I don't think they think he's going
to be the
candidate I don't I'm not sure if they
know how they can push him out but
pressure is going to be
on all right do you remember the 5minute
period when uh all the Democrats were
saying we don't want a liar to get in
office we need Joe
Biden do you think that maybe that
approach failed after cing in fact
checked uh Biden with total remorse No
Remorse
and and do you think that it mattered
that immediately after the debate Biden
told another bunch of lies that were so
obviously lies that even his brainwash
supporters could tell 80% of them were
lies do you think it became obvious
after he lied so much in the debate I
mean about his own cognitive Health
especially
um anyway and then Trump debunks the
fine people hes while he's telling you
that he that the liar is
Trump and I think there's only one
person in the world who can say with a
straight
face that Trump is the liar in the race
do you know who's the only person who
can say it with a straight
face Joe Biden because he can't move his
face yeah I'm doing a hilarious
impression of his Frozen face yep he's
the only one who could do it with a
straight
face uh speaking also of uh Megan
Kelly's opinion on this she talked about
how Biden was the one that the clintons
used as their attack dog against the
bimbo eruptions now I didn't remember
that but do you remember that Biden was
the one who was slandering the women
trying to destroy the credibility of the
women who accused Bill
Clinton it was his job to be the
professional liar and say that the
accusers were liars and destroy their
lives now let's go back to uh General
Flynn's son who said you know let him
burn in hell yeah let him burn in hell I
mean he has a pretty long record of you
know didn't he do the same thing with uh
Clarence Thomas and I mean he's got a
long record of being a terrible human
being just a terrible human being not
just a terrible
politician but he's a terrible human
being at a level like you probably don't
even know anybody that bad unless
they're actually in
jail all right um Mike Benz had a uh I
forget if I told you this he had a a
frame or
reframe that is so good his reframe is
that uh as Biden is failing that the
Deep State needs a new host body oh my
God that's perfect so his take which I
totally agree with is that the you know
the so-called Security State the CIA the
all the Intel Spooks and stuff they're
the ones who always run the
country and as long as they have some
you know brainless puppet that they can
control then they're perfectly happy
they don't need that brainless puppet to
to do much except whatever they
need and so now their brainless puppet
is
failing and by the way the Ben's um idea
is that Biden has always been the Deep
States you know over the let's say the
intelligence people's guy uh always has
been and that he was the maybe he was
more important than Obama during the
Obama Administration he just didn't know
it and that he was there
because the people in charge wanted to
make sure that their guy was
there now you could argue how much Obama
was their guy as well but it certainly
made a difference that the vice
president was there because he's you
know he was reliably the
intelligence people's
guy I was watching a video this morning
I didn't get through it about the
history of uh the CIA at first it was
the
OSS that was the first us you know
entities and the early thinking was you
didn't want to have a
permanent intelligence apparatus you
only wanted to have it during war that
was the early American belief that
during a war you could do the dirty
tricks and it made sense because you got
away win at all costs but if you're not
in a war the most dangerous thing would
be to have this well-funded Security
State because they could take over your
country as well so a number of
presidents were completely aware of that
risk that if they funded this you know
well-trained bunch of people who are
supposed to not follow the laws or at
least the laws in other countries that
there's no way you could prevent them
from taking over this country and they
did apparently apparently they
did so I mean I I say apparently because
it seems obvious to me I mean it's
obvious after Mike Ben explains it all
but then you can see it pretty
clearly um and uh interestingly back in
those early days you know the the JFK
days when things were really in the
control of the uh the Spooks that they
most of them lived in a small area in
Georgetown
that the people who really ran the
country behind the scenes they they were
neighbors they all knew each other and
they partied together so there actually
is an identifiable group back in the
county today who were really running the
country and uh they were friends and
neighbors it was exactly what it looked
like it was a bunch of people who
figured out how to take over the country
for their own benefit and they just ran
it behind the
scenes
um after the debate
Trump said some stuff about black jobs
and Dr fun juice informed me that
asblack jobs was uh trending yesterday
so apparently there are number of black
voters who are seeing the same frame I
guess the same point of view that the
mass migration is going to take black
Jobs
first I don't know how true that is but
it sounds like it's plausible you know
that there there would be competition at
the the lower end for
jobs um but it's interesting that this
is somewhat organic it doesn't look like
there's any kind of you know Trump
influence it looks like just voters who
are talking about black jobs and
thinking that uh Biden isn't the answer
if they want more black jobs so what's
interesting about it is that it doesn't
seem to be coming from any organized
anything it just seems people picked it
up uh Vladimir Putin says that he
supports Trump's well at least the in
concept he supports Trump's idea of
ending the war with a negotiated
settlement now Putin says he doesn't
know what that would look like so he's
not agreeing to anything in advance he's
just saying that the idea of negotiating
it with Trump sounds like something he
could support now is that election
interference kind of
but it's not outside of what a leader
should be able to talk about so it's
kind of a you know I I guess it would be
in the appropriate kind of influence um
but it's a little it's a little
worrisome because I don't really want to
hear his opinion about who he elect now
he didn't give an opinion about who he
elect he just said that if Trump had a
plan he'd be interested in looking at it
which is you know a weak form of support
but still it's a little a little bit too
prot Trump for my comfort but I do like
the fact that every time he's asked to
act rationally he
does it gives me Comfort every time I
see Putin do something that just looks
okay that's in your situation that looks
pry smart so so meaning that he won't do
something
irrational um but I would add that
dealmakers know dealmakers and that uh
Trump's a dealmaker Putin's a dealmaker
and deal makers can always make
deals the the thing you have to worry
about is not when two deal makers get
together you have to worry when a Putin
and a Biden are on each side because
Biden's not a dealmaker he's a whatever
puppet or something I mean he's not
going to make a deal he doesn't even
have the authority it would have to come
from whoever handles him so he's not
really a dealmaker he's not famous for
it he's there seems to be no evidence he
can do it but Trump is dealmaker and
Putin's a dealmaker do you think they
don't recognize that in each other of
course they do of course they do they
would do whatever just is practical and
makes sense but uh here's what you can't
do a dealmaker can work with another
dealmaker but as I posted on X
dealmakers can't work with dementia
patients who look like the after photos
in a taxidermist marketing
campaign so Putin can't deal with Biden
because Biden's not he's just not all
there and he's not a dealmaker and he's
not smart and he doesn't want what's
best for the country clearly he doesn't
now usually I say that's mind reading
but the Ukraine war is a pretty obvious
example of you you're not fighting for
the interests of the public whatever
that is about is not about the American
public I don't know what it's about
looks like you know an energy
play a pirate raid on another country
colonialism I don't know what it is but
it's not good for me that's for
sure anyway on the stealing my democracy
theme uh David saaks uh mentions a few
things that would seem to suggest the
Democrats are the ones stealing your
democracy he said that uh Trump or not
Trump but that Biden censored and the
Democrats basically the Democrats
censored the internet jailed political
opponents removed opponents names from
pallets rigged primaries by blocking
Alternatives hid evidence of the
candidates unfitness and disenfranchised
their own voters by letting donors pick
the new candidate which seems like
that's going on now and then of course
you got the Wisconsin dropboxes and you
got the imported voters and registering
of non-citizens to vote I mean that's a
pretty long list of anti-democratic
things but I would like to say that
persuasion wise somebody needs to put
together the definitive list
this is a good starter I'd like to see a
list of maybe the top 10 things that
Democrats and Biden in particular have
done to reduce or degrade the Democratic
process so if somebody could put
together like a nice tight 10 top 10
that would be very persuasive right now
I've said that laundry list persuasion
is sort of an invalid form but it's not
invalid if they're all true
it's invalid if it's if they're fake you
know a long list of fake things makes
people think well at least a few of
those are probably true now that is
really it's effective because you can
make people think something's true that
isn't but it's really unethical it's
completely ethical to put put together a
list of 10 true things 10 true things is
completely fair and good persuasion as
well because the list itself is what
does the pers persuading just don't do
the unethical kind where you make
up just don't do that right and you'll
you'll you'll be fine so if somebody
does that post it to me let me
know um Elon
Musk said on X I think it was last night
that there should be more investigating
on the Epstein list and he included two
names of people he
wanted special attention to to be
investigated for their connection
stepin and he mentioned Bill Gates and
Reed
Hoffman now I almost didn't believe what
I was reading there because I
thought did Elon Musk just
suggest that Gates and his and his
Paypal co-worker at the time Reed
Hoffman somebody he spent a lot of time
with did he really just say that they
need to be investigated for sex crimes
I'm going to give you a
hypothesis I think he might have been
drunk I don't know it doesn't sound like
something he would say in his
normal you know posting it feels like
maybe he had a couple drinks Friday
night you know sort of thing I don't
know but it didn't look
normal now I would like to demonstrate
my ability to know when somebody is
posting when drunk yeah yesterday
somebody said some stuff to me on X and
I said sounds like you've been day
drinking he contacted me later to say I
am very
drunk you nailed it I've been drinking
all day so yes I can read a post on X
and I can determine that the user is
drunk now that one the case I gave was a
little easier to spot but I just don't
see musk in his normal work
mind posting that unless he has
knowledge we don't know which he might I
don't know but that's a that's a pretty
provocative thing to
do uh Jonathan turle is writing about
Dan Goldman still trying to support
Biden which is
hilarious um he's one of the ones who
said that Biden is sharper than anyone
I've spoken to on public policy
so uh so now Goldman is saying this
quote so let's not just focus on Joe
Biden here let's focus on the people
around him the administration the
policies and most importantly the
appreciation and protection for the rule
of law and our democracy that Donald
Trump every single day has vowed to take
down he's literally mentioning the
person they're law
faring if you're going to say that your
candidate is in favor of Law and Order
you should not mention Trump at all
because Trump is literally the victim of
the guy who doesn't appreciate Lo and
order except to use it to kill his kill
his
opponents amazing it's amazing anybody
can say that in public uh he added that
Biden is
vibrant vibrant is a word they use when
you can't think of a better
word uh how is the uh the body after
death
well uh amazingly the EMB bombing
process was good and he looked vibrant
dead but vibrant in his own way yeah
vibrant is the is the word you use when
you just don't have anything that makes
sense that you can use he's kind of
vibrant I'm going to start using it I'll
say uh you know next time Biden gets up
there and says genas Khan was my uncle
and uh and uh sharks ate my ate me and
you know just starts babbling I'm going
to say well he was very vibrant very
vibrant and then uh Goldman brags that
uh Biden has surrounded himself with an
incredibly capable team with almost no
turnover almost no
turnover Biden's having the worst
campaign and one of the worst
presidencies of of all time and he
hasn't fired
anybody it's not good to say there's no
turnover that's not the thing that you
thought it was listen to Trump trump
criticized him by saying you've never
fired
anybody that's a good criticism real
that's really a good one because it's
one you didn't think about on your own
but as soon as you hear it you think how
in the world is he our leader if he
hasn't fired anybody in three and a half
years you can't run that job and not
fire some people on a regular basis but
he didn't is that because he's so good
at picking people no it's because he's
not in
charge that's the only reason or he you
know he doesn't have the will to pull
the trigger that's bad
too all right uh Bill lman who got
involved more in politics you know when
there was the protest at Harvard and
stuff he be and he he did a I think a
great job of you know highlighting that
situation focusing attention on it and
you know suggesting what to do Etc but
now he's he's being it looks like he's
uh you're going to be saying more about
politics and he's been talking about uh
Biden failing Etc and he wrote a very
long piece a very long piece on X forx
is a very long piece uh with all all the
logical things that the Democrat should
do and gave them good solid advice
so so that was helpful right because
Bill akman is very smart and when he
gave them advice it was
sensible it was good common sense it was
smart and it was exactly what you think
should be
done and my only thought
was Bill lman thinks that their problem
is they don't have good advice
um I think he needs to check his
assumptions because I've been watching
for a while and I'll tell you what is
not the problem a lack of good
advice is there anything you see the
Democrats
doing that you think is a product of bad
advice it's definitely not bad advice
they're doing everything they want to do
everything you see is a considered
decision
it's just terrible and stupid and
destructive there's no problem with
their advice they know where to get good
advice if they cared about good advice
do you think the border is open because
nobody advised them that they should
close
it yeah do do you think I mean you could
take any part of the Democrat platform
or anything they've done and you can
very clearly see that good advice is not
driving anybody's decision to do
anything it's just not it's completely
disconnected but I love the fact that
bill Amman um I guess I'd call them a
little bit idealistic at the moment but
I like that they're idealists I I I like
that there's a powerful person who is
fighting for reason and Common Sense and
doing what's right that's all good by
the way so it's this is not a criticism
it's just that I wish it would work you
know I wish it would be active and
you've seen other people trying to give
their good advice to the president what
whatever is happening with Biden it
definitely is not a lack of good advice
I think he also gets bad advice is just
not the underlying problem there's
something a lot deeper
here all right the other thing we need a
list of is the definitive list of
Biden's lies not just the hoax list but
his recent lies I'll say in the last
year somebody needs to make it and then
they need to update it every every time
he adds a new one now don't don't do a
big write up you know you don't have to
do a lot of detail you just list them
and in this case I wouldn't stop with 10
I would just keep adding to it and maybe
even with dates so you know you start
with a Bas list then maybe you know date
told this one told this one now you
don't want to repeat so you don't want
to have you know 10 versions of the fine
people hoax on the same list but
somebody needs to be compiling the list
because every time that somebody says uh
the liar the liar the liar you need to
post it and say all right you know if
you believe that telling the truth is an
important variable in this race and
that's a reasonable view by the way
totally reasonable but if you think
that's your criteria let's actually
compare them so the the most persuasive
thing we could do collectively is make a
list agree on a list and keep updating
it so somebody needs to step up and do
that um I've got a warning for the
country and I should warn you that I'm
good with this warning meaning that if
you were going to listen to somebody who
is going to make a
prediction on this particular topic you
should listen to
me because it's exactly in my sweet spot
there is a gigantic Mental Health crisis
coming like you've never seen and it's
going to happen as Democrats
realize that um I'm seeing a list here I
think that list is just the hoaxes oh no
somebody has a list oh look at
that uh Mario nuffle has a list um
somebody just posted it on my comments
in all right there are 15 of it I'm just
going to read his 15 suckers so you'll
recognize the the hoaxes right suckers
and losers Hitler did good things these
are things that he said Trump said that
he didn't say uh fine people hoax my son
died in Iraq I capped insulin at $15 I
Capp Medicaid during at 200 retaliation
against enemies Trump said he would be a
dictator no soldiers died in my watch
border crosses fewer than Trump
unemployment was 15% of the Trump trump
wants to get rid of Social Security
billionaires pay 8.2 Trump said inject
bleach border patrol endorsed me I feel
like that's half of what he said in even
just the last month
good so the source is uh an
vandersteel
um so it looks like uh H okay so let me
let me give you the spelling of this so
you can follow along so it's a x account
called an Vander steel spelled an Ann as
an an VA n d r s t e e l I haven't seen
the account
but if that's uh Mario's Source it means
that somebody's keeping a list so good
look at that we're we're solving
problems right here in live solving
problems in real time thank you for that
so I've often said that the locals
subscription group you know the
community that follows me it it acts
like an AI because with the you know
11,000 people who are subscribers uh um
there's always somebody who knows the
answer to everything because it turns
out it's lots of Engineers tons of
lawyers doctors it's tons of
Professionals in the group so every
topic from physics to medicine to law I
just ask the topic and somebody on
locals has an answer or a source it's
amazing it it honestly is like a super
brain that competes with AI at this
point anyway um
uh the Mental Health crisis is because I
think
Democrats uh having seen the big lie
that Biden was capable now that the big
lie has been debunked and then the the
tent pole hoax as I call it the the hoax
that HS up the the whole tent of the
other hoaxes was the fine people hoax
and I think the fact that Trump has
debunked it with Precision for the first
time uh allows the rest the media to
quote Trump and debunk it themselves or
at least say that Trump debunked it and
you'll at least hear what the debunk is
so I think that that plus other
Revelations that are coming out are
going to show Democrats that they were
the baddies all along not necessarily
the voters um although you could you
know make your own decision about how
much blame to assess but that they were
supporting leaders who were the bad guys
that I think they're going to find out
that their own people were law faring
and hunting hunting Republicans uh Etc
and I think that a bunch of them are
going to wake up realizing that their
their world was not
real tuer Carlson talked about this
recently that when he realized it wasn't
just that people here and there are
lying about stuff but that the entire
Enterprise the government itself and
maybe most the big business
is completely fake meaning that what
they tell you is real is not real and
we've come to believe that we have some
concept of what the country is and how
it runs and great things America's done
and none of it's real it's just all made
up and once you realize that is really
disorienting so I think that you're
going to see a lot of Democrats go the
same direction as Joy Reed now Joy Reed
I'm gu say it directly we should never
be diagnosing somebody's Health in
public would you agree if you're not a
doctor you shouldn't be diagnosing
anybody's Health in public no that's the
stupidest thing anybody ever
said we can all diagnose Biden's Health
in public at some point you
don't have to be a doctor to
know somebody's
sick just look at Joy Reed look at
Rachel mattow I don't have to to be a
mental health professional they have a
problem it's real they're doing it right
in front of you if you say you don't see
it you're lying you see it now I
know my my viewers all see it so I'm not
talking to you but if you're a Democrat
and you say you don't see that really
then maybe you didn't see that Biden was
a little bit degraded it's really really
obvious and and if you think oh Scott
you're just being biased you're saying
that Democrats are crazy because you
just agree with them no I don't see that
in
CNN I don't say that Jake Tapper has a
mental illness I see no signs of it
whatsoever just you know different
opinions different incentives Etc and it
it's very it's very clear that it's
limited and very specific to MSNBC it's
a mental health crisis that they're sort
of the canary in the coal mine they're
definitely insane at the moment I mean
there's nothing else to say they look
insane
but now imagine that multiplied by 80
million people you know there are a lot
of people are going to find out their
entire belief of life was built on lies
not just this year but
always that that's the disorienting part
if the only thing you found out is that
you're being lied to at the moment you
easily deal with that because we live in
a world where people lie to you you find
out but if you find out the entire
structure of everything you believe the
better America was completely false
completely that's really disoriented and
that's coming you can't stop that that's
going to
happen I think they'll notice that the
lawfare has all failed because it went
past neration it was fake anyway uh Mark
lvin said on a expost fire Joy Reed says
she's a bigot she's um and if they need
to hire somebody who has the same race
in genitalia please do it but she's
calling Trump Hitler and she's just
crazy he didn't say crazy he said bigot
but he should have said
crazy all right
um I've got a question about shipping
costs sounds like it's off topic but
it's not shipping costs are high because
energy costs are high inflation in
general is high you know every
everything from salaries Etc uh but also
I don't know if you knew this but the uh
because of Yemen firing the rockets at
the ships the huge percentage of ships
now don't use that route anymore and
that was the shortcut so there are a
gigantic number of ships who have to
take the super long route to avoid the
Yemen
attacks now that adds a huge amount to
your shipping cost which adds a huge
amount of cost to everything you
buy which is a real problem now let me
ask you this question don't you think a
capable president could solve that right
away and don't you think Trump in
particular could solve that right
away because here's the
thing Yemen needs to be just wiped off
the map if they can't figure out any
other way to fix it now I hate to be
cruel and War like but if you're
currently you know driving up our
expenses that much you need to
die and and if Biden isn't willing to
put the Firepower into it that it
requires I'm pretty sure I know somebody
who will I think there's somebody who
would drop a mother of all bombs into
the middle of their whole operation and
say I got more of
these how far you want to go because
I'll I'll take you as far as you want to
go I'll take out the
capital will that kill lots of innocent
people yes would I do it yes I would I
would because I'm I'm I'm sick and tired
of protecting people from their own
leaders I'm just not willing to do it
anymore you can't hide behind your own
population if you're going to be bombing
International ships in the water we need
to wipe out your old country is
that cruel yes is it evil yes do I
recommend it yes it's the real world
this is the real world do real world
things in the real world yeah we could
all say well that would be terrible why
don't we just find a way to work around
it we could if you're suckers but in the
real world power is all that
matters it's all that it will ever
matter and so if you have it and you
don't use it you're idiots we have it we
should use it now I'm not in favor of
you know opportunistic Wars I'm
definitely not in favor of Ukraine and
I'm not so in favor of being you know
too involved in anything that Israel
gets into just because they can handle
their own stuff but Yemen is a big
freaking problem to the whole country
and I would say you know you tell people
here's the deal in 30 days Yemen's going
to disappear unless this stops it will
be a gigantic tragedy for the yemenis
they should probably run as fast as they
can but I'm going to make the whole
place disappear now you can't say that
of course but you could threaten and I
think that I honestly think a good
president could make the shipping costs
go down 50% in 6 months number one by
you know unleashing the energy uh
products of the United States to drive
down costs and number two to make the
entire Yemen situation go away in 30
days
probably and the fact that it but let me
let me say this I predict that if Trump
wins and takes on that problem that he
will solve it quickly and you're all
going to wonder why it didn't happen
before I think that's what's going to
happen all right I'd like to give you a
little demonstration of reading body
language all right we'll see if the
technology Works uh in
theory nope that didn't work in theory
if I push this
button and then I push this
button and then I do this
this and then I I don't know if you can
see
me so I got to view this tab and I got
to push this button here we go there I
am all right here's uh General
Millie and um I want you to watch his
head when he's talking about normal
things his head Bobs in a normal way
when he starts telling you that Biden is
sharp watch him shake his head
no all right now in order to play it I
have to go to it do it um and every
single time I meet with him um he he is
shake his head just fine how people
interpret that is up to them but uh I
engage with him frequently and and alert
sound U does his homework reads the
papers uh reads all the read ahead
material uh and is very very engaging in
in uh
uh issues of very serious matters of War
and Peace and life and death so if the
American people are worried about an
individual um who
who all
right did you see it uh is is more
obvious if you see the lead up to it and
you see this head doesn't do that now
when he says things that are true he
doesn't do it as much so if he says
things like I met with him often and
briefed him that's just a statement of
fact but he starts out by saying he's
great yeah he's
great so there are a few tells one is
the wide eyes you'll see that in
Congress a lot uh Elizabeth Warren does
the wide eye thing uh AOC does it um
you'll see it quite a bit shift does it
but he has wide eyes uh and if I haven't
done the impression before it goes like
this um saying some true things I'm
saying some true things and now I'm
getting ready to tell you a lie look at
my eyes I'm telling you something that
even I don't think is true I've got to
open my eyes to convince you there
there's also there's one I've been uh
watching it's a little more subtle and
it these two lines uh between the
eyebrows I was watching one of the Biden
campaign people lie and when the Biden
campaign person was lying he's a
professional liar
if you're a professional and you know
the question that's coming you can turn
off your body language better because
you're you're like okay I got to go
Poker Face on this uh blah blah blah
that's totally true now his eyes didn't
get wide and he didn't shake his head
which meant he was really concentrating
on his body language but you wouldn't
want to he wouldn't want to play poker
against me because he had to tell these
two little lines when he
they they got can you see this on mine
there I'm making those two lines appear
by squinching my face uh watch those two
lines when those things appear
somebody's trying hard to convince you
of something oh I'm so serious I'm going
to convince you something with my
eyebrows so look for
that all right here's my next question
uh and this is a question not a
statement um I'm may have told you that
beor lomborg is reporting that
apparently the Great Barrier Reef that
we thought was going to disappear
because of climate change has a record
growth so the Great Barrier Reef is
coming back Gang Busters now that was
one of the main things the climate
Alarma said it's going to get warmer all
the time and there's no way this coral
reef can survive it's already degraded
and it's coming back
um and from 20 the last three years
actually have been unprecedented it's
not just coming back but in a sort of
record breaking way the last three years
now here's what I was asking how many of
these things went the way let's say Al
Gore predicted and I don't know the
answer I'd love to see the list um are
there more green areas in the world or
fewer because I think there are four
green areas now remember I get biased I
get biased facts on this so don't don't
assume anything I say on climate um
stuff is real uh I'm just telling you
what I think I've heard and I'm asking
you for clarification so is there a list
of of well let me say the other stuff um
I've seen reports that the amount of ice
is
unchanged but other reports that some
Glaciers are decreasing but total ice
may be the same so I don't know if the
ice levels changed certainly they've
there's certainly change for example the
U North Pole area seems to be opening up
with melted ice but the counterargument
is that other places have more ice and
that the total amount of ice may be
about the same if you counted it right I
don't know uh so that one's a question
mark for me how about about sea level
rise I'm pretty sure we haven't noticed
anything in the United States as anybody
else you know those islands that were
supposed to disappear nope no change so
how about the storms being bigger and
more frequent I thought that already got
debunked but other people aren't so sure
so that's a question mark for
me what about the polar bears going
extinct my understanding is that they're
doing
fine how about the uh temperature
increasing you know according to the
models well there are three new studies
peer-reviewed that suggest that all of
the warming comes from the heat island
effect meaning the temp the thermometers
are too close to the cities that grew
toward them uh meaning the cities give
off
heat and uh Sun fluctuations apparently
100% of the increase can be traced to
those two things of According to some
new papers that you know don't
necessarily mean doesn't necessarily
mean that the new ones are right but I'm
trying to think you know I get I get a
fire hose of biased stuff from the the
right but is there any prediction of
climate change that came true does
anybody have an example and if there
aren't any you should put together
somebody needs to again laundry list
persuasion there should be a list of the
top I don't know one two three four top
eight
predictions what were the top eight
predictions at the time of Al Gore that
would be a good starting point top eight
predictions and then how do we
do now why don't I know
that why do I not know that I actually
pay attention the reason I don't know it
is that I see information on both sides
and so I don't know what to trust I
definitely see people saying oh it's
getting worse and this way or that but I
also see people saying no they just
measured it wrong you know if you look
at this it's no worse than it was and I
don't know how do I know it's true but
it does seem to me that there's a lot of
stuff that isn't confirmed to be true
that would in theory be easy to confirm
is there more ice or less sea level up
or down polar bear is more or less I
feel like these are all confirmable
things so
here's what I think I think Trump is
going to be right that climate change is
a hoax meaning that the scientist never
had a grasp on it and whether or not
things are getting warmer which could be
a problem and whether or not humans are
involved I don't know um it's pretty
clear the science was lying to you for
decades about their certainty and about
their
predictions lying
or you shouldn't trust them again if
they were that
incapable so ladies and gentlemen this
concludes my amazing presentation for
Saturday or cat day as some of you call
it if you have cats and thanks for
joining I'm going to go talk to the uh
people on locals the special
people and uh I'll see the rest of you
tomorrow because I'm here every day you
should be too all right bye for now
everybody else except for locals
locals will be private
in
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for