um hey everybody come on in here got an
interesting topic guaranteed to be
Shadow banned by YouTube so we wait for
a few more people to get in the air this
could be a single topic periscope so I
was just checking my YouTube analytics
and YouTube is really good at showing
you all the different ways you can
analyze who's watching and why they're
watching and all that and there's one
view where you can see that YouTube has
decided to demonetized
any particular videos that you've
created and I was a little bit surprised
to find out that my 1d monetized video
that I had before which didn't bother me
it I didn't see why it would be
demonetized I appealed it and I forgot
about it because it was only one video
out of many but I just logged on and it
turns out there are a number of deep
monetized videos now those of you who
watch me on periscope you may or may not
know that I take this exact video that
happens on periscope and I just put it
on youtube so if you've been watching me
on periscope you have a real good sense
of my content can you imagine that five
or six of my videos and the last month
would be inappropriate on YouTube think
about it think about anything you've
seen me do because a lot of you watched
all of these periscopes think of
anything I've done there would be
inappropriate for advertisers
now demonetized means that you can still
view them but they're demonetized
however through a little a/b testing I
have discovered what D monetizes your
video and you are gonna go crazy what I
tell you what it is
said anybody we want I guess there is
one topic that I mentioned that causes
them to be
demonetized automatically and the one
that I appealed I lost on appeal meaning
that they looked at it a human looked at
it and said yes this this is something
that should not be monetized it's what I
do bunk the fine people hoax that's
right so some of you already guessed now
it's not language there doesn't seem to
be any correlation with anything except
when I debunk a hoax so when I debunk a
hoax
I get demonetised and let me tell you
this is a hoax that is not an opinion
this is just look at the transcript and
see for yourself it's right there it's
in the clearest possible language I'm
literally trying to repair a hoax with
solid information which is easy to
verify you could look at it you could
listen to the video you can do it
yourself and on several occasions it
appears that just the mere mention of it
causes it to be demonetised now this
will be the further confirmation test so
in theory this video will be demonetised
yeah and I'll let you know it looks like
it takes a week or so before before they
get around to looking at everything but
think about that think about the fact
that all I'm doing is debunking a hoax
that is a dangerous hoax because it
divides the nation I think that's just
what's happening here and by the way the
other the other ones that are
demonetised
they also don't seem to have any reason
that I can determine now I do talk about
topics in the headlines such as I'm not
going to mention that I actually I'm not
going to mention another topic because
I'm going to just keep it on this topic
and that will be our confirmation that
this topic is not
so if you're wondering what is the
slippery slope for let's say D
monetization on YouTube and and of
course I'm famously say there's no such
thing as the slippery slope there are
you know there are always limits that
pop up to stop things from sliding
forever now this is sort of a special
case because it appears and by the way
the first one that got banned is where I
said that if the fine people hoax the
only topic I'm going to talk about today
I said the first one that got deep
monetized I said that if the fine people
hoax were debunked in a way that you
know the nation agrees it's been
debunked it would change everything
about how people saw this president I've
referred to it as the alpha hoax it's
the hoax that makes all the other ones
believable because they're not
believable by themselves they they
contradict observes to behavior but if
you believed that this president said
what it is reported he said about
charlottesville and the neo-nazis if you
believes he really said that they were
fine people well then you're primed to
believe all kinds of stuff even without
good evidence
just because confirmation bias kicks in
so this is sort of a big flag this is a
big flag so we're gonna test this I
think I've done a pretty good job of
keeping it on topic and so I didn't have
much else to talk about in this one I'd
like to keep it on that topic we'll put
this up in a little while and we'll see
if YouTube which would mean Google think
about this think about the fact that
Google might be preventing the public
from knowing that what the biggest story
that defines our political understanding
is the hoax and not only is it hoax it's
the easiest debunked hoax in the history
of hoaxes
here's the transcript look for yourself
here's the video of the president
talking look for yourself that's it
that's the whole debunking right there
the whole thing so anyway I've said
enough I'm going to leave it at that
we'll check in with you tomorrow see you
that