boom that's a little dark in here I
think I have maybe should turn off my
light a little bit hold on don't go
anywhere let's let you watch
Hey much better we're talking yeah this
is a cheap operation but the quality is
in the sipping sure it's low production
quality bad sound terrible lighting
sketchy video quality but we have
something that the other live streams do
not have you can watch MSNBC all night
long and you won't get this you can
watch CNN for decades and not get this
it's called the simultaneous have but
all you need is a cup of margaret glass
a tanker challenger stein that came to
you jagrafess a live any Chi and fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the dopamine end of the day
the thing that makes everything
including the frickin pandemic better go
mm-hmm
yeah so one of the scariest things in
the world there's something called the
unknown the unknown can be really scary
especially if your enemy is invisible
you literally can't even see it so if
you don't know where it's going and you
can't see it well that's the scariest
possibility in the world so I'm gonna
fix that I'm going to call on my decades
of business and life experience to tell
you where this is all going are you
ready so I'm gonna describe what the
next several weeks look like and you get
to see how close I am it looks like this
so we've got this big fight if you will
between the people who say it's it's way
too extreme to close the economy you
know we make this as short as possible
send us back to work people are gonna
die but it's better than crash
the economy I would say that's an adult
decision or an adult opinion whether you
agree with it whether you disagree with
it I do respect it because it's it
demonstrates an understanding of the
costs and understanding the benefits
they're hard to measure so it could be
wrong or it could be right because we
don't know how big either of those sides
are but it's an adult decision because
it understands both the costs and the
potential benefits so I always
appreciate anybody who can see the whole
field but that doesn't mean that tells
us what to do and then there are the
others who say close it down until this
virus is really under control and we
don't know how long that could take and
you're hearing scary kind of numbers
like you know weeks months and we say to
ourselves quite reasonably oh how could
we survive that long with a crashed
economy so let me tell you what's
actually going to happen and it won't be
one of those two things Greg Gutfeld
always says and I'm always nodding my
head at home when he says it about
trapped in the the prison of two ideas
and we've we've sort of accidentally
done that aren't you thinking to
yourself that there are two conditions
probably right you've been sort of
pushed into two camps and for getting
all the middle ground so the two camps
are open the economy or closed the
economy and you're thinking well those
are our two options they are not nor are
either them what's going to happen so
let me tell you what's going to happen
this is based entirely on just
experience
I ain't to say common sense because I
don't like the term because yes good
good judgment is not very common but I'm
going to describe it and then the
challenge is to you to tell me why I'm
wrong because I think you're gonna watch
it materialize right in front of you
this way all right so here are the
variables and then I'll tell you why
it's why you can fairly easily predict
where this is going
and and fairly quickly number one
I'm gonna I'm gonna get out in front of
the medical professionals if you want to
if you want to know what's true listen
to the medical professionals I'm not one
of them so if I give you you know more
optimism about a medical situation
listen to the professionals
for actual accurate information but also
be aware that the medical professionals
are managing not just your health but
availability of supply and they're
managing your mental state your
anxiousness they're managing crowd
psychology they're managing a lot of
variables so if they give you a straight
fact hmm in normal times I'd say to
myself well comes from the experts I'm
gonna I'm gonna take that straight fact
as just being a straight fact but I
don't think you can do that today now I
want to be very careful in what I'm
saying I believe our medical
professionals the people in charge do
have the right intentions they have the
most information they're the most
qualified everything they're doing is
for the greater good
but we on this periscope can if we
choose to have a deeper insight into
what's happening because I think we're
smart enough and then frankly there are
enough of us to make a difference anyway
but I think we're smart enough to be
able to see what's really going on so
let me tell you what I think is really
going on there are now my understanding
this you know subject to fact-checking
is that there are now three studies
showing that the chloroquine in
particular and in the stronger version
hydroxyl or chlorine or whatever it is
and in combination with what
erythromycin whatever and you know names
of jugs that I can't pronounce by the
way are you impressed the president
drunk Trump can pronounce those drugs
perfectly I was watching for that what
it when he talks and he kind of
perfectly pronounces them
and then you watch the news reporters
try to pronounce them and it gets funny
because some can and some can't but I
know I want to see Joe Biden try to
pronounce the names of these drugs it's
a serious completely seriously because
it is one of those tells for mental
acuity and I'm wondering if I've lost it
myself because I have trouble with those
words but the president doesn't seem to
I know I mean it's the smallest little
data point in the world and it made me
wonder how much he practiced didn't you
when you saw him effortlessly saying
those big medical words did you say to
yourself how long did he practice or is
he just sort of good at it I don't know
the answer that he might just be good at
it but I would I would imagine he
practiced a little bit I certainly did
it did help me a bit so here's where
things are going and so my first
statement of fact is that I'm more
optimistic than than let's say foutch II
and the CDC on the usefulness of these
drugs such as chloroquine and I'll just
use that as my placeholder for those
other drugs that are also useful and I
guess they're taken in combination
mostly I think that the reason that the
doctors are downplaying it is to keep
you home because that's good right at
the moment keeping you home is a big
deal and because they don't have a
supply yet now I'm sure that they
somebody says stop rambling old man well
we can we can save you you're gone I
think that the professionals are trying
to strike a balance between panicking
and people you know murdering people to
get a supply of the drug and being
optimistic
here is my belief right it's my belief
this is not what the medical
professionals are saying my belief is
that they're striking a balance and that
they know this stuff is better than
better than they're letting on because
all of the evidence so far is it's it's
a pretty good kill shot if
you get it early enough and you're not
at death's door and even if you're a
death's door some of these are looking
pretty strong alright so here's what's
going to happen we are going to learn
that we can take the death rate for
normal healthy let's say people under 60
people with no underlying conditions
I believe that when is in a week we will
be able to say with a fair degree of
confidence that if you can get them the
chloroquine and drugs when symptoms
present and you're under sixty and
there's nothing else special going on
with you health-wise I believe we're
going to drive that very close to zero
and we'll probably know that in a week
you know based on the other places in
the world doing similar things etc so in
a week let's say we know that if you're
healthy and under sixty you could get
sick you'll probably get sick half of
people will get sick maybe more but your
odds of dying approach zero then you can
start letting people go back to work but
not everybody so here's my prediction we
will we will be turning the economy back
on but not like a light switch it's
going to be like a dimmer the first
people will get to go back to work are
the young who lives somewhere where the
health care system is not overloaded
that's important to young health care
system is not overloaded and not
predicted to be overloaded right away
and they have a sufficient amount of the
chloroquine and related drugs and here's
the next thing I think is going to
happen I asked this question and I'll
look for the the answers on Twitter but
I asked the medical experts this
question how practical is it to
administer the chloroquine and and the
other beds for people who have a
non-critical infection or even if
they're just presenting symptoms but you
don't know if it's the regular flu or
old flu or regular cold head but just
let's say you didn't do any testing this
is just hypothetical let's say you've
got lots of lots of meds because I think
you could make them
quicker then you could make test kits
and and you know it's easier to give
them ed than to give a test so I think
you're going to see pop-up tents in the
vicinity of hospitals or maybe other
places you probably want to be close to
a hospital you know sort of within
walking distance of a hospital with your
pop-up tent because somebody's gonna
walk in there with a with the worst case
and they should have gone to the
emergency room so you need to get them
there quickly so I think what you can
see is as especially in California and
in other places as the weather warms
it's going to be tent tent worthy of
weather and we're gonna see pop-up tents
with people who are just dispensing the
meds to people who are now so sick that
they really need to be in the in the
intensive care so the first thing I
think is that our ability to deliver it
to people who are not critically ill
will be very high so there's there's
your back to work program I think in a
week maybe two we're going to have
really solid risk/reward information
about these meds at that point the
government is going to start turning
back turning the knob but it's not going
to be a switch it's going to be okay in
these places these kinds of people in
these jobs go back to work
take the restaurants for example the
restaurant business you could easily
imagine that restaurants would be
approved for work under the following
conditions nobody under 60 in the
restaurant right now if you take the
people over 60 and of the restaurant
consumer business you lose a lot of
money because people over 60 are a big
big big part of the restaurant business
everywhere but could you get them up to
getting close to meeting the rent just
by saying if your servers are
20-somethings and you limit your
customers Donder 60 and and you spread
out the tables let's give it a try maybe
not in New York City but maybe in Toledo
so in other words if you're thinking
it's a light switch economy on an
economy off you're dead wrong it's not
going to be that it's going to be a
phased test test test it's going to
happen fairly rapidly and we'll have to
we might test them things and pull back
you know say oh we tried it in Toledo
but Toledo got out of control pull back
and that's how we're gonna beat this
thing now let's talk about Rachel Maddow
and all the bad reporting this is what
Rachel Maddow said yesterday this is
quote but the president loves saying
things like you know quote there's a
drug we've got it it's very effective
it's approved already everybody's going
to get it unquote he loves saying things
like that because that would be a lovely
thing to be able to tell people unless
of course that's not true in which case
telling people a fairy tale like that is
cruel and harmful and needlessly
diverting and wildly irresponsible from
anyone in the leadership role meadow
said now so Mather was saying that it's
a lie that we have a drug that's very
effective and that it's approved already
so what would what would the press say
about that would the press say yes
Rachel Maddow you're you you got him now
you know good point Rachel it's that we
don't have any effective approved drugs
all right well Rachel Maddow please
explain the following observation so
since our press has largely failed us
and I think I think you could say that
you know I'm seeing some good reports
Joel Pollock is doing you know great
stuff you know actual sort of sourcing
stuff from real people in the real world
instead of just talking to politicians
and seeing what their dumb quotes are so
most most of the news is just resorted
to listening to people and then telling
you what they said and it's only the
people who volunteer to talk politicians
but any real investigative stuff is is
woefully lacking
and I did something for you okay
I'm gonna tell you something that the
news won't tell you because I know it I
have a direct you know a direct
knowledge of this fact that I'm going to
tell you as of yesterday actually just
hours ago
last night a a patient who had all the
symptoms and I think by now has been
confirmed to have corona virus and it's
somebody who knows exactly how they got
it in other words it's now somebody who
just suddenly had symptoms and then I
think I have it it was somebody who had
close contact with somebody who had it
they had all the symptoms
you know just classic that tight chest
you know the dry cough the whole thing
went to the emergency room and I got to
follow the whole path so I was sort of
in close contact because it's a friend
and there was like an immense wait at
the emergency room I think it was an
hour's long wait
but when he got in he was almost
immediately put on chloroquine now I
know that I know that personally because
I heard it from the person like actually
just hours ago a real a real patient
went into a real hospital and got
chloroquine Rachel Maddow says this is
not true she says that the president
loves saying that there there's a drug
we've got it's very effective and it's
approved already I can confirm that
medical professionals are giving people
this drug and do you think they're
giving it to people because they don't
think it works do you think it's just
well we don't know you know just
guessing just guessing no now the
medical professionals are pretty damn
sure this works and as a very at the
very least it's not harmful I mean it's
a well tolerated well understood drug
especially in short-term doses which
this would be it's the long term stuff
that even has any side effects at all
so rachel maddow what does it mean when
you say it's not approved well let me
explain this approval isn't that
approval again trapped in the prison of
two ideas the the Gutfeld frame on
things she's believing that a drug can
be either approved or not approved and
that's just wrong it's just wrong you
can have a drug that's approved for
something else
they used off-label you can have it you
I get there's a compassionate use clause
I don't know how liberal that is imagine
you go into a hospital and you say there
are three known studies that show that
this drug is super effective and has
basically nothing to worry about in
terms of side effects you go into the
hospital you say that can I get that
drug because I'm coffin I've got I got
the coronavirus I got the cove in
nineteen I could be dead in you know a
few days without this drug do you think
the hospital is gonna say in in this
current situation do you think the
hospital is gonna say you know I don't
know it doesn't look dire enough no now
if they have the drug they're gonna give
it to you right away there's no question
about it the the doctors is not going to
say huh now let's let's learn a bit more
about this I I don't know if this will
quite fit into that off-label use I'm
not sure I'm not sure if you know it's a
compassionate use no nothing like that's
happening in the real world in the real
world this drug is approved
oh is it technically approved in the
sense that the FDA has said you can use
it for this and here's the exact dosage
regimen no no my understanding is that
unless it happened recently my
understanding is it's not approved in
that very technical specific way but do
the doctors know what regimen to use yes
because the other country has tried
things and they just told them and then
they tried it and it worked so yeah
there may be some more ideal a regimen
but we do know what it is I just saw it
twice on Twitter if I know what the
regimen is well doctors know I mean I'm
not sure I'm right but you know the
information seems to be widely available
based on the experience of other
countries so rachel maddow you are just
lying to the country you are you are
just lying and this is a despicable lie
it's not like what you accused the
president of doing what you're accusing
the president of doing is maybe
something that's technically in some you
know word and legal way you could define
it as untrue but in the real world if
you've got the coronavirus Rachel Maddow
and you drive into your local emergency
room Rachel Maddow they're gonna give
you the drug that you just told the
world isn't approved and isn't effective
now again I'm not guessing I just
followed somebody with the freaking
coronavirus all you know digitally
anyway all the way into the emergency
room and then got a picture of the
actual IV in the arm and asked what's in
there and at least some of the stuff
that's in there was the chloroquine but
I think there was a cocktail in there
there's no doubt that the thing is
approved in the real world sense you go
into your emergency room you're gonna
get the frickin drug that's it don't
even think that that's not gonna happen
that's happening that's that's the fact
right now rachel maddow this is one of
the most destructive it almost seems
intentional because you know I've said
this before whatever you think of Rachel
now at meadows
you know her performance or act or
politics anything else the one thing you
can't question is she's super smart
right nobody says she's dumb I mean even
to do this job if you watch her for five
minutes
you could hate everything she says and
still coming away would come away
thinking well you're really smart that's
the impression I always get this it's
like she's really good at her job she's
really smart does she not know this
distinction because I know it and
I would have to guess that if rachel
maddow took you know some kind of
standardized tests like if i competed
with her for the SATs i think she'd beat
me if we took a test of just knowledge
just how much do you know about you know
the world I think she'd beat me and and
I know this are you telling me she
doesn't know that anybody can get this
drug because doctors gonna be kind of
flexible in the emergency situation she
really not know that I don't know I
don't want to be the guy who reads the
mind and says oh no you're lying
intentionally because you know we could
easily be in this cognitive dissonance
situation where she she wants it to be
true that he lied other people said he
lied it just feels right so she went
with it
but I don't know I don't know how you
could be that smart and that dumb at the
same time but yes that's the question
I saw yet another report from somebody
who turned one ventilator into many with
a with a combination of creative hosing
and attachments so I guess the
ventilator engine if you will is
powerful enough to to operate multiple
hoses if you just if you rig up the
attachments and there that's happening
now so we've seen two different
mechanisms for doing that they're
probably both good and I thought I saw
that somebody turned in one into nine or
something or two into nine whatever it
is it's a multiple so that's good news
let's talk about the economic harm of
versus the medical harm there is a
raging debate and it fascinates me most
of the time when there's a debate and
there's there are people on the either
side I find myself either strongly
siding with one side and then I'll look
at okay who are the people on my side
and I'll look at the ones on my side
I'll go oh okay smart person smart
person smart person
I'm on the right side alright who's on
the other side
okay dumb person dumpers have been wrong
about everything okay I feel safe so
whenever I've been the company of being
in the same opinion of people I consider
this murder
wisest most of the foreign people I feel
comfortable I am not comfortable at the
moment because there are smart people
people I respect and who you know when I
if I hear they disagree with me
I don't reflexively say well why are
they wrong I reflexively say oh god I
might be wrong this time
and and there people are saying smart
people that we've gone too far closing
the economy and we should open it back
up and we should do it pretty soon and
just you know take what's coming you
know it's it's going to be there's gonna
be death there's gonna be problems but
it's better to have an operating economy
so I'd like to talk to that question
open the economy or not now you heard my
opinion that we will be opening the
economy I'm guessing on the outside two
weeks from now you should see a phased
reopening and phased would be the key
word because as soon as as soon as you
see motion in the right direction it's
gonna change entirely how you feel about
it I think we'll be hiding the people
who are older and have underlying
conditions will get much better at at
hiding them oh and by the way there is
some early indication you far short of
being confirmed that it's actually
pretty hard to get in from casual
contact so there's not a lot of evidence
that people are getting it from just say
you know going to the store and shopping
with somebody who has it so I've not
tell you that safe so let me be very
careful the the germ or the I'm sorry
the virus apparently lives on surfaces
for a long time so in the laboratory and
scientifically and logically you can get
it going just being in a place where
somebody else has it but there does seem
to be two factors that player one is
that we can't confirm a lot of that has
happened so every time we can find it
every time we know where it came from it
seems to be close contact you know
you're part of a ventilation system
you know it's your spouse you can
usually determine there's some kind of
pretty close you know intensive contact
but we don't actually have a
much of any evidence that somebody went
to the hardware store and got it when
they bought a hammer and I'm just gonna
use a crazy example right so there are
no evidence that somebody just was away
from everybody who had it went to the
store bought a hammer or somebody else
had touched the hammer and now they got
the coronavirus could happen
theoretically but the evidence is sort
of not so could you protect under those
conditions do we know enough to protect
the the people of vulnerable and that's
a yes it seems like it's entirely about
getting them away from other people and
only about getting them away from
intensive interactions so if somebody
needs to deliver some food
you know relative needs to you know
stand in the doorway and say hi
seems perfectly safe your relative to
the rest of the world which is unsafe
place so here's here's another thing
that you should consider the the total
closed down or whatever you want to call
it at the current situation whatever
this is we probably want to take this as
close as we can to the edge of
destruction before we change right so if
we're doing this right it should look
worse and worse and worse until it looks
so bad we think we're gonna lose the
entire economy and right there right at
that point where all the smart people
say okay if you go one more inch if you
let this go on one more day I don't know
if we can get back that's the day that
we'll start getting back because that's
the day that the cost-benefit analysis
just becomes obvious at the moment smart
people are disagreeing where where is
just the right balance is it is it too
soon too late smart people you know
we're gonna be sort of disagreeing but
there will be a point when things become
so dire that it looks like okay we can't
do one more day we got to take the risk
let's get back to work I believe that it
makes sense to take it right up to that
line
it makes sense to get pretty close to
the line so you are gonna get a lot more
scared before you start feeling
comfortable so that's just what to
expect but that that means we're doing
it right
okay the proper strategy should bring
bring it as close to the edge but not
over the edge to the to the extent that
we can determine what that edge is and I
think we can actually because we have a
situation where nothing's broken you
know it's more like can people get food
and you know well know what the edge
looks like but I think we're gonna go
right up to the darkest darkest point in
civilization and then we're going to say
stop and then we're gonna start moving
the other way but all of that is going
to buy us time to get the to get the
distribution of these drugs which in my
opinion are super effective and would be
enough to get at least the under sixties
back to work once the under sixties are
back to work you're gonna be about at
about maybe sixty percent efficiency in
your economy fairly fairly quickly all
of the over sixties and spend a lot of
money they got restaurants you know then
you know drive around and buy gas and
stuff so you're not going to be fully
back but it is worth noting that the
people who are not going to work first
are the same group or at least likely to
have a job you know the the elderly all
right there there will be a time when
the baby boomers are called upon so I'm
in that category of baby boomer and my
generation I think it's nineteen forty
six sixty four if you were born in that
you're a boomer we are most except for
the few people lingering who are in that
the greatest generation and they're in
their 90's aren't too many of them but
mostly the people at risk of the Boomers
and the boomers will be called upon for
sacrifice
if you ask me what's best for me well I
might want that I might want the economy
closed down a little extra long compared
to you because that will keep me a
little extra safe because I'm over 60 I
have an underlying condition asthma and
so what's best for me personally would
be a longer closed down just just a
really really get a handle on this thing
what's best for the rest of you people
who are younger and have less you know
death risk what's best for you is to get
back to work fairly quickly so you and I
you any of anybody who's young and and
of work right now your interests and
mine are not aligned your best interest
and my best interests just don't match
so something's got to get right so
either you have to not work you being a
30 year old who's out of work right now
or I have to take a greater risk of
dying and the people in my category have
to take a greater risk of dying so how
do i how do we get how do we get back to
the how do we get the economy working
when some big group is gonna have to
take a big risk and here's what I'm here
to tell you I can't speak on behalf of
all boomers of course or on behalf of
anybody but I can tell you all take the
risk when my government tells me okay
young people it's safe enough for you
because we have good drugs and we've
ramped up our tents where you can get
quick treatment and everything it's safe
enough for you but you burn you Berbers
are gonna be a lot less safe now because
you know everybody else is out in the
world and spreading it around I'm here
to tell you I'm signing up for that risk
all right I'm in a riskier category
you're probably not the riskiest or
close to it but you know I'm raised in
my aunt I don't know if you'll find too
many people in my generation the Boomers
who will not raise their hand for this
there will be a time that you're your
leader is going to call on you to take a
risk
and Alma sighs risked one you don't one
that isn't absolutely necessary but
pretty necessary so if you're wondering
what the boomers will do or how we will
respond to this I got good news for you
we're a pretty strong bunch we boomers
you know maybe the young folks can't
quite understand what it's like to be my
age let me tell you young people you
know I have maybe a third of the people
watching this are pretty young based on
my stats let me tell you something when
you're my age
you've seen some stuff and my age has
seen some stuff that maybe you can't
even imagine you know I've had every
childhood disease I've had measles twice
the moms chickenpox I beat those I beat
those and if I need to get something
else that takes me you know takes me out
for a few weeks I'll probably be fine
because of the meds but if I have to
take that risk I'm signing up for it
right now
so you're boomers are way tougher than
you think mentally not physically but
mentally and in terms of their
patriotism and their their willingness
to take a risk the boomers are gonna
step up and you should expect that so
expect your boomers to take that risk so
the rest of you can go back to work and
I'd like to go first when the time it's
not yet right I think we have to wait at
least a week two weeks at the outside is
my best guess before we start phasing
young people back with the support of
the medical system that can that can
keep them healthy and a rapid you know
rapid response 15 it almost there
two weeks at max 93% of the people who
say they have symptoms turn out to be
negative I don't know how to process
that but let me ask you this how many of
you have convinced yourselves
there's some time in the last three
months you actually had the corona virus
because you had that weird illness that
that weird coughed that cold that fever
those aches that didn't seem like
anything else because I I'm in that
category right because if I look at my
last three months I think myself you
know it was like two weeks there where
my whole body ached and I seemed
feverish and like it just didn't feel
like anything else I've ever experienced
and do I believe that I actually have
been infected with the corona virus well
93% of the people with symptoms are
negative so I'm gonna play the odds
probably not probably not somebody says
age 66 me to age 63 watch watch the
comments watch the comments from the
boomers the boomers are ready to save
your life I'll just put it put it right
there the boomers are ready to to enter
the breach we just need the word nobody
I don't think the boomers are gonna go
first you know we're gonna wait for our
leaders to say you know now's the time
for you to take it outside risk you're
gonna do it for the young that's exactly
we do it for we'd be doing it for the
young or ourselves as well but the
moment our leader asks for that the
boomers will will give it to you all
right
I'm complaining on Twitter today and
I'll complain here about our press again
why don't we know more about the
availability of the chloroquine and the
other meds here's what I'd like to know
and I'd like to know by the end of the
day because this is this is vitally
important to the mental health of the
country it's one thing to say well we
might have a solution it might be coming
you but it's completely different
feeling if you say we need this many
pills we have this much already that'll
help us with the most important cases by
the end of two weeks we'll have so many
pills you're you're drowning them and
then and then that's when we do the
pop-up tents and that's when we really
we just go nuts on this thing I need to
kind of know what
the pipeline looks like not just for the
chloroquine but the the related drugs
that are in the cocktails are using why
can't my press tell me that why isn't
that I mean for me it comes down to one
question two questions there are two
questions one is what is the survival
rate of people who got the these drugs
on time in the United States I think
it's going to be close to zero for
people who don't have something some
other health condition I need to know
that and then I need to know what is the
availability pipeline if you can tell me
those two things and I think the answers
are going to be good or at least heading
good which is almost as good I'm gonna
feel a lot better now is boomer Normandy
yeah you know I've thought of that
analogy myself you know it's like every
generation gets to storm the beaches at
Normandy
it just looks different you know the the
greatest generation literally stormed
the beaches of Normandy in a in a hail
of bullets ripping them apart did it
anyway
save the world we boomers are going to
be asked to take a little risk it's not
nearly the risk of Normandy of course or
anywhere in New York but it's could be
risk and we will we will take that Beach
all right Joe Biden is well apparently
Jake Joe Biden's campaign they had a
meeting and they were thinking well you
know what can we do during this time of
crisis when we can't campaign is
effectively so they came up with a plan
and I assume that it wasn't in the room
but I assume the conversation went
something like this what is the dumbest
least productive most destructive thing
we could do I assume that's what they
were trying to decide because they came
up with a winner and the idea is that
Joe Biden is going to have shadow
briefings on coronavirus to show how
well he would have handled the crisis
compared to all that lying and failure
from
and Trump now it almost sounds like I'm
joking doesn't it because isn't that the
worst idea you've ever heard I mean of
all the ideas that anybody's had since
the beginning of the coronavirus you
know some are right some are wrong but
this might be the worst idea of all the
ideas medically politically
strategically philosophically
empathetically on every level this might
be the worst idea I've ever heard
because do you know what the country
needs less than having a shadow
president lower our confidence in our
actual leader it's the last thing we
need you're the only thing that's worse
than that is actually getting
coronavirus I can't even think of a
dumber thing to do
so I've rebranded this as the shadow of
his former self briefings so Joe Biden
is a shadow of his former self so if
he's giving a shadow briefing let's just
fill in the blanks it's a shadow as a
former self briefing and I think this
shows in this example because let me ask
you this do you think he young Joe Biden
in better control of his faculties would
have made this decision do you think you
would have this feels like a staff
decision from somebody who isn't good at
decisions it might be the very worst
idea I've ever seen in the history of
all politics nothing about this is good
and they're good I don't know will they
do it anyway I think maybe they'll get
talked out of it my guess is that it's
that by the time they get the technology
up so he could do it
I guess we're waiting to turn his house
into a studio or something but by the
time they can do it I think smart people
will talk them out of it you know I I
think the the adults in the room the you
know the David Axelrod's if you're David
Axelrod and you just you just read this
and I think Axelrod you know is one of
the the smart people in the room right
if you're talking politics and strategy
and campaigns you want David Axelrod on
your
and one of the best do you think when he
heard this that Joe Biden was going to
do shadow briefings to confuse the
country on coronavirus do you think
Axelrod said whoa good move Joe Biden no
no I'm not a mind-reader so maybe he did
you know I who knows right I can't
determine it but do you think I mean if
what you've watched him right you know
even if you disagree with all of the
politics of David Axelrod is there
anybody here who thinks he's dumb no no
there's not one person here who thinks
David Axelrod doesn't know exactly what
he's talking about he's at the top of
his game as you know as as informed and
you know smart as you could ever be and
this this category let's ask him what he
thinks I assume you'll be you'll
probably be on one of the news shows in
the next few days wait for David Axelrod
to tell you what he thinks about Joe
Biden doing shadow briefings in the
middle of an emergency honestly it's the
worst idea I've ever seen I'm not even
joking it's the worst idea I've ever
seen there are bad ideas but you can't
find one worse than this and on top of
that the things that Joe Biden thinks
are lies or because he doesn't
understand it I just explained that
Rachel Maddow who is about a thousand
times smarter than then Biden I mean
anybody would anybody would agree with
that
but Rachel Maddow didn't know that
there's this distinction you know
between approved specifically and okay
to use approve that way she didn't know
the distinction do you think Joe Biden
knows that distinction
I know maybe who knows all right CNN is
reporting that they're stunned stunned I
tell you by Trump's totally ordinary
behavior at press conferences and by
totally ordinary I mean he insulted a
reporter of CNN for just sort of try to
stir up crap
now is that a new story we got this
coronavirus thing the economy's in
trouble I'm pretty sure we have some
real news but is it news that Trump
acted exactly like Trump for the
billionth time in a row do you know what
would be news Trump not acting like
Trump that would be news there are some
news what's not news is drop acting like
Trump all right so that that's
meaningless meaningless news just it's
sort of almost news porn for people just
want to hear bad stuff about Trump
that's fine but it doesn't have any
meaning you're gonna hear lots of
stories from people who work at
hospitals and those individual stories
will sound like this
ah it's all chaos nobody knows what's
going on
nobody knows what they're doing we're
just running around like chickens and
there's so much and our capacity is
crashed let me let me put a big caution
on those stories in every organization
that's that's doing anything big you
could throw a dart into a group of
employees look which would be very cruel
and dangerous don't throw a dart into a
group of employees but if you did that
dart would have somebody who when you
said re pull the dart out stop
complaining tell me what you think about
management what would they say there's
just random organization company doing
any big organizational thing what would
random employees say about what's going
on let me tell you management doesn't
know what it's doing it's not
communicating we're running around like
chickens with our heads cut off it's
chaos nobody can agree we don't know
where we're going where's our strategy
our strategy said every employee of
every organization who's going through
any kind of a big reorganization or
change or transformation so you're gonna
hear all those stories listen
the people who are a little closer to
the top of the chain to find out what's
going on because it would be very normal
that the people at the bottom don't know
what's going on it would be more
concerning if the people in management
didn't have a pretty good handle on it
or at least they're trying something and
quickly adjusting which gets you to the
same place you know a little bit slower
than magic bullet but it's the right
process so don't put too much
credibility in low level low level
staffs you know tweeting and getting out
messages about how bad things are don't
ignore them because they are red flags
right so if you hear these reports I
think the press should should try to
contact them and maybe dig in and
compare it to what the management is
saying and you know get an independent
view so there you should definitely pay
attention to them as red flags but until
the press is you know to the extent that
the press is doing his job until you get
a little more from management you don't
have the picture just that's just a
caution that you might hear some
alarming stories that might not tell you
what's going on all right I put out this
provocative thought and I was quite
surprised the smart people who did not
totally reject it
and it's a category I'd have to say I
don't understand well enough to have a
firm opinion so I put it in the form of
a question and one like this if the
government created and issued a
government-backed
cryptocurrency so in other words if the
government made its own version of a
Bitcoin or some other crypto and just
gave it to everybody who who had low
income and at least had the capability
of having a smartphone and could figure
out how to get it and spend it now of
course there are practical issues about
who can use a crypto wallet it's a
little complicated etc but I just put it
out there for the the conceptual
feedback and it was interesting there
were people on both sides so I'm I'm
gonna stop well short of saying it's a
good idea but I will say that the
objections I heard
didn't make sense so there were people
who said no you can't you can't create a
government cryptocurrency because that
would cause inflation to which I said
Bitcoin got created did that cause
inflation I don't think so
did it maybe I mean didn't notice didn't
seem to be much of an impact now it
could be that you know even Bitcoin is
because it is is not big enough to cause
inflation but a government crypto
especially used NASA's life like this
maybe it would but there are a lot of
there are a lot of unknowns on this but
I just put it out there because the the
one thing that cryptocurrency does is it
creates money and if nothing so instead
of you know running up our debt or
printing money that could cause
inflation the two ways that you sort of
produce money in the normal way it's
just a third way to produce money out of
nothing but it's a little disconnected
from the rest of the economy so I don't
know if it would have the same effect I
just put it out there so that's a
question not a suggestion
but I think at some point there will be
a I mean it's obvious that at some point
the government will have a crypto right
so if you're gonna have one anyway maybe
this is the time to do it I know you're
going to see the death rate for
coronavirus falling quickly especially
because the meds and also because we'll
be doing more testings we'll find more
people who didn't know they had it we're
getting good news about serum therapy
convalescent serum therapy now those are
fancy words for taking the blood from
people who have already recovered taking
out the good parts you know that that
what's left is in the serum I guess so
they reduce the blood down to the the
useful parts then inject it into
somebody who doesn't have it yet or
maybe somebody who does have it I think
either way but it would give them
antibodies without them having to
develop themselves
and a 91 and of 157 patients treated
this way showed clinical improvement
within 48 hours not bad
now that's only 91 out of 157 I believe
that the chloroquine is getting and the
other drugs in combination etc are
getting far higher improvement rates
than that but here's another one
somebody says Reid Trump tweets and
before I do that I'm going to do that
right now
okay let me just look at Trump's tweets
there must be something going on that's
interesting or you wouldn't have alerted
me to that Trump Trump one moment please
please hold all right oh there we go
41 minutes ago hydroxychloroquine and as
if through Meissen taken together
remember this is coming from the
president so this is not a medical
person so i hydroxychloroquine and as a
thermos and taken together i have a real
chance to be one of the biggest game
changers in the history of medicine
the fda has moved mountains thank you
hopefully they will both a h works
better with a International Journal in
other words combining those two drugs
works better than taking water to put in
use immediately
people are dying move fast and God bless
everyone let me let me tell you some
behind the scenes information now yeah
this this is word-of-mouth it's hearsay
to you I know the person and I know the
source etc but so put it with a grain of
salt but this is something I've heard
which is was a yesterday maybe yesterday
morning or the day before I was asking
about the FDA and approval and what I
heard and again
grayness all right any any anonymous
information you want to take with a
grain of salt but what I heard was that
Trump was telling the FDA get it done
and as then we're not going to wait for
you you're just gonna do it yeah just
just freakin do it
you just make this happen so I think the
president was putting all kinds of
pressure on the FDA now says safe that
has the FDA maybe cut some corners
because the president's putting pressure
on him
imagine how much pressure the President
of the United States this one this one
in particular could put on you if he
wants something done and it's a national
emergency well that's the kind of
pressure that nobody's ever seen I mean
you've never been in that situation will
you ever be like that the choke point
for a national emergency and the most
important leader in the entire world in
my opinion this is putting pressure on
you to make a decision that's not Mason
maybe medically what you wanted to do
you know there's a little bit of risk
there I'm not gonna lie there's a little
bit of risk there but it's a risk I
would have taken based on what I've seen
you know I'm assuming the president's
seeing stuff functionally similar to
what we're saying at this point meaning
that these are so low risk because their
existing drugs we have some experience
with them and there's such a high gain
that the risk reward is just blatantly
obvious and I think the president
especially because you take them for a
short term the side effects are more
long-term use but we don't need it
long-term it's sort of a two weeks and
done situation or less and I think the
president is just completely right you
know the bureaucracy had to do with the
bureaucracy does but I think he he
pushed them to act faster than they've
ever acted before and I think the
president's optimism will be greatly
criticized today but you know he said
something interesting at the press
conference that I hated I hated and
loved it at the same time I had a hate
love relationship
with this statement and the president
said that you know you never know he was
talking about chloroquine not that
hydroxychloroquine which is even better
he said you never know you know good
indications but personally you know he
said he was optimistic and and I thought
well you know you better be getting a
little bit ahead of the the medical
people but I don't think so so I think
he's gonna be proven right and the part
that I didn't like but I liked a little
bit is he said that he's been right a
lot he looks at him he goes yeah you
know I think this is going to be really
good and I've been right a lot now what
he said I thought you don't need to say
that you know you don't need to say
you're right
this isn't sort of the time to keep
score you know it's national emergency
but on the other hand I thought that's
kind of true it's kind of true all right
when he closed the airport what did
everybody say too soon don't do it and
now they all say he's right right and
you know you can go down the line he's
he's you know there would be plenty of
stuff for people to complain about and
they will but he's been right a lot and
in the in the context of an emergency
what the public wants to know is that
the leaders been right a lot so I got it
I liked it because it showed confidence
and the public needs to know he's right
a lot and I think he's actually right
about that that he's right a lot you
know I would be the first one to
criticize him if I didn't think that was
objectively true but I think it is so
let's let's talk more about the economy
so I think like I said I think that
we're going to be sending the young back
to work as soon as we have a really
really good handle on the meds but I
wanted to go through a long twee thread
that I sent out yesterday that I tried
to capture for people who don't
understand economics and evidence or
lived in the world I wanted to give you
a little framework so you understand
what
seeing and what to worry about what not
to worry about so I'll just run through
this the first thing you should do is
not compare this epidemic to any other
epidemic because it really isn't
something it's not the Spanish flu it's
not SARS it's not it's not the regular
flu it's not the comical this is not
anything so the moment that you try to
predict the future by comparing it to
something you're already off the rails
because that just doesn't work so don't
compare it to anything just just know
what we know about this and use that all
right second thing you need to know is
that the economy is a psychology engine
so all of the physical assets all the
business models are completely intact
and they'll be intact if it's one month
or two months or three months or one
week that stuff is sort of going to be
there waiting so that's good
but if we keep our psychology right the
economy won't crash because these the
economy is all about what do you expect
tomorrow
well I'll invest today because I expect
tomorrow people will buy stuff so
expectations in psychology really are
the the engine and there are a number of
us who are working very hard to keep
that as psychology intact you might even
say if you were to describe my job at
the moment and I would say in the in the
crisis everybody has a job it's not the
one you're paid for but y'all have a job
you know what your job is right
sometimes your job is just to stay out
of public sometimes your job is help
somebody else sometimes your job is your
medical professional my job which I
assigned to myself based on ability is
to keep the psychology engine intact and
you'll see plenty of smart people who
understand economics who are doing the
same if you see somebody who understands
economics and is scaring you about
what's going to happen then you should
say about them they don't understand
economics somehow they went to college
got a degree got on television to talk
about economics but if they're scaring
you
they don't understand economics because
economics is fundamentally psychology in
the practical world so I'm going to do
what some of them maybe are not doing
right yet Bill Ackman he's an investor
so you have to be careful of anybody
who's made bets on this so there are
people making bets on the downside butts
on the upside and then there are just
some people who were just frightened to
death so I would ignore individuals no
matter how talented I would sort of look
for that look for the consensus because
individuals are just being scared and or
have a bet in the other direction that
sort of thing so I wouldn't worry about
Bill Ackman or any specific person who
seems a little frightened there will be
very smart and knowledgeable people
who're just frightened everybody has a
different
a different button right the thing that
the thing that frightens you won't be
the thing that frightens me and vice
versa so you just know that there's a
huge individual difference in how
frightened people are that is
independent from what the world is so I
and people who understand economics as a
psychology engine or going to hold this
together we're going to because we have
the ability we have the time not going
anywhere we have the motivation and we
have you know if you have ability time
motivation and the technology to get it
out you can guarantee that the people
who understand this stuff will hold it
together now those W plenty of people
were flipping out but on the whole
people like me and people who who have
the comm or voices and understand how
economics work we will hold this
together you just have to listen to us
and you can do that right now now keep
in mind that we don't know if a trillion
dollar aid or two trillion is right
amount experts to disagree and effects
person is we what are you and I have to
say about it really
except this if you have a choice between
approving two trillion or one trillion
which is the right decision
mathematically hard to tell because you
know there's a there's a cost for doing
too much and there's a cost for doing
too little and we can't predict either
one and yet there is a right answer and
it looks like this you have to go with
the big number if the big number is out
there you got to take it in the same way
that when President Trump said well we
might need two point five billion and
the Democrats said how about something
like nine billion because we've been
here before it's going to be more
expensive than you think whoever says
the biggest number wins in an emergency
all right so for confidence and for the
engine of the economy which is
psychology there is one right answer and
it's the big number but
because there's a risk with the big
number there's a way to gain this you
announce approval of the big number and
then at the same time you announce that
you're gonna use half of it and then
read then reevaluate you win because
we'll probably be smarter you know in a
few weeks and we'll know if that second
half that second trillion is critical or
not but if you announce the whole two
trillion people say okay thank god
they're not being stingy thank goodness
they're going for the big number thank
goodness they took it seriously and then
you still just approved approved for
immediate release the smaller number and
the big ones just waiting it's already
approved so that can that can get out in
a few days so the smart way to play this
is to approve the big number
the psychology engine of economics stays
intact as best I can and then you you
still monitor it as you go so you can
pull back when you need to next the
human ingenuity that's being
concentrated on this thing I feel like
we're not only gonna get past this I
feel like we're gonna cure the common
cold now that might be a little
hyperbole but the amount we're gonna
learn about dealing with you know all of
the pandemic situation is tremendous and
I think the human ingenuity we're seeing
it already I mean in every possible way
that from the medical community to
economics you are seeing ingenuity like
I've never witnessed not even close I
have to think that in World War two
there was a similar you know explosion
of ingenuity because you just had to you
just had to figure out how to live when
everything was getting blown up but in
my life since I didn't live through
World War two I've never seen this
degree of human ingenuity it's it's
breathtaking and we'll be talking about
that for decades and I like I like I
like to say it this way esque warren
buffett how smart it is to bet against
the US economy because people are
looking at the economy and say uh-huh
some some people think it'll come back
some people think it'll go lower
some people just you know it'll all
disappear
all be an agrarian society but Warren
Buffett has a pretty good track record
and I haven't seen him talk about this
recently but do you think Warren Buffett
is betting against the US economy nope
nope but he's not because he never has
and I'll bet he never will
so if Orin Buffett and here I'm just
speculating because he hasn't said
anything but he's never bet against the
US economy and I think you could take
some comfort from that even now there's
no way he's gonna bet against it
next you can count on the people who
have money the people who got through
the the virus crisis intact financially
you can count on them to go back hard
and spend I'm gonna commit right now at
the moment I could leave the house I'm
just gonna be a reigning cash on my
local economy I'm gonna eat out as much
as Christina wants to go out to dinner
I'm gonna buy stuff locally I'm just
gonna spray money into the local economy
I'm pretty sure that anybody who has the
ability to do the same is going to be
thinking in those terms if only because
they have a lot of pent-up demand
they've been home too long so that's
good the the biggest economic variable
after the virus itself is what's going
to happen because of it you know what
things do change because we went through
this experience and the biggest thing
obviously is the supply chain there's no
doubt anymore
that we'll be decoupling from China how
many of you a year ago when I was saying
decouple from China how many of you
thought to yourself
good luck Scott but that's not gonna
happen because that's just crazy yeah
the the china-us trade is just so big
and so important we're not gonna
decouple you know slowly quickly we're
just not going to do it it's too
important a year ago that just sounded
crazy didn't decouple from China what do
you think now what do you think now
well now you think is guaranteed so when
I says guaranteed I don't mean will
stop doing business with China I don't
mean that I mean that you're not going
to see much new going there you're
definitely going to see the critical
businesses come back pharmaceuticals etc
and I would recommend that that become a
cabinet-level job I think we need a
cabinet-level doesn't have to be a
cabinet but a cabinet level position to
do nothing but repatriate our supply
chain for because it's a now a critical
you know defensive situation so I think
that's gonna happen that's guaranteed
and that'll be tremendous for the
economy I think businesses that were
profitable before of the virus will have
no problems getting bank credit to go
back to work if you're a bank the very
best loan you want to give somebody is
for a good business that you know is
good it's been in business 20 years and
they've got a temporary shortfall of
cash for an identifiable problem that's
already been fixed oh my god
if you're a banker and by the way I used
to be a bank lender I used to make loans
businesses in my early days if you're a
bank lender you never get to see that
well sometimes you do but it's your
favorite kind of lovin your favorite
loan is the business that's already
proved that can make money had one
problem needed a little cash to just get
through and they've already solved the
problem you can't get better than that
that's your best loan right there so
banks are gonna be having a heyday
people the good the big good businesses
will come back reliably the weak
businesses may get may close but maybe
they were going to anyway if you know
what I mean if you're if you're new to
following me I should mention that I
have a degree in economics and an MBA if
anybody is just popping on here to watch
the cartoonist talk and I'm talking
about economics you're saying to
yourself although that doesn't make
sense why do I listen to an artist about
economics but I do have some background
in this stuff and here's something else
you should have confidence in
me we're gonna get through this and I
will guarantee you that the psychology
of our economic engine will stay strong
strong enough you know it's going to
take a hit but strong enough and I am
dedicated full time to that I mean I'm
gonna be talking about all the topics
related around it I'm not gonna be
focusing on the economy but there are
smart people who have your back and
they're gonna keep these psychology
right we're gonna keep the focus in the
right places we're gonna make sure the
press is doing its job and we're gonna
have a continuous pipeline of advice and
feedback to our government you know I
said this before but I just I just need
to say this every time it happens
because you because you don't see it
happening and I do i I have experienced
I don't know eight times in the last few
days probably eight different times I've
seen something that I thought would be
useful for the government to now in some
cases it's people putting together
factories and they need they need the
government to know they're building
something that would help in some cases
it's information etc but in eight
different occasions I sent an idea up
the line and heard confirmation that it
reached the White House meaning the
actual staff that would make the
decisions on it in hours and sometimes
less than an hour sometimes less than
one hour a good idea or an input would
go all the way up to the very committee
in the government that cares about it
and I would give feedback right away and
sometimes it meant introducing some
people and doing some things now I'm
just one person I don't know how many
people are interacting with their
government but I gotta tell you you know
our our form of government tends toward
bureaucracy in normal times and in
normal times you it's just hard to get
stuff done let's submit it you know your
government just builds you know layers
and layers of complexity until it's just
hard to get anything done but in the
emergency
that's all gone it is all gone there is
no friction between somebody wants to
help and has a good idea and and your
government they have just become one
entity the public and the government
we're not even different people anymore
it used to be there's the government and
there's people we just did this ooop
government in people same team same
objective you know I had the ball
everything so we're gonna get this done
so here's what you look for look for
your government to say that they're
considering a phased phased approach to
coming back and it will be based on
having pop-up tents and and extra
capacity for the mildly sick people who
went back to work maybe got it
took some pills rested at home until
they were good to go so everything is
trending in exactly the way you want it
will look worse if there's anything that
you need to know in the next week maybe
two weeks the economy is gonna look
really bad it's supposed to that means
that we're strategy of moving up to the
line is getting close to the line and
when we get close will be about the same
time that we have enough of the meds and
enough pop up tends to to give them out
and then it's back to work people in a
phased way and if you don't own stocks
if you don't own stocks then honestly
I'd feel bad for you and I'm I have to
be very carefully or I do not do not
take financial advice from cartoonists
but honestly I'd feel sorry for you if
you didn't own stocks and the president
said we're looking at a phased approach
to putting people back to work you know
based on health and availability of this
medicine that's coming next two weeks
the President of the United States is
going to stand in front of the country
and say some of you are going back to
work and here's why you're gonna feel a
lot better
so my job is to keep the psychology of
the economy strong until that day the
president stands in front of you and
says some people are going back to work
we're going to be careful but we're
starting now
so there's your good news for the day I
will try to get back with you later
today but you should trust that good
well-meaning capable people are all over
this and we'll pull you through you're
gonna be great
talk to you later