[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams because
it is and if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need for that is a
cup or muger a glass of tanker Chalin
the canteen Drago flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dopamine here the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous SI and it
happens now
go well I don't know about you but what
I really needed this weekend was a
little less
news and thank goodness we got a little
bit less news uh Trump's been kind of
quiet I mean he caused a little bit of
trouble but Elon Musk says he's taken
the at least a day or two off because
he's getting ready to launch the newest
uh AI Gro so things got strangely quiet
but yet there's plenty to talk about did
you know that TMZ is reporting that
Kanye West I call him yay uh and his
wife Bianca uh they don't have a prenup
agreement they don't have a prenuptual
agreement
so good job
yay at what point did he think this
one's
forever so so that's y's
situation uh and then if you were
anywhere near social media yesterday on
X you'd know that uh allegedly I'm not
even sure this is confirmed yet but
allegedly Ashley stclair who's a
conservative leaning uh she's being
called an influencer but that feels a
little feels a little dismissive because
I think she's more of a writer and has a
bigger impact so I would call her a
writer and uh she's uh claiming that she
had a real
life um Affair I guess with musk and has
had her had his baby 5 months
ago so and then allegedly there's
there's some agreement about the raising
of the baby that hasn't been uh
finalized so yay didn't finalize his
paperwork that looks like a problem and
doesn't look like Elon finalized his
paperwork and feels like a problem uh so
this is my
advice don't get involved with anybody
unless you've got a lawyer with you
you should bring the lawyer on the first
date maybe the second date too it's like
uh hi you know my name's Bob and this is
my attorney he'll be negotiating the
paperwork in case this comes to anything
uh will you or will you not be using
birth control and uh we'd like a clause
in there that would uh you know protect
our client so that's what it looks like
in the
future um I'll tell you one of the
things that came out of
the whatever is going on between Ashley
and Elon which is really none of our
business but it became
public uh was there ever a point you
said to yourself man I'm so jealous of
Elon he he doesn't have to have a
wife and he doesn't need to have like a
girlfriend who's giving him trouble he
can just create all these baby mamas as
long as he can afford it it's going to
be great and now I'm thinking how in the
world can you survive with that many
baby mamas who who all just have just
one thing they want to ask you today you
know you know what would be good is if I
had a little bit extra money this
month do do you think it ever
stops you know I wonder if he ever like
he ever stops getting messages you know
you know one of the kids is a little
older wouldn't be bad if you know we had
an extra million uh I don't know how
it's going but I hope he is choosing his
baby mam
well um I think some of them are working
out pretty well
actually well nval rant was a guest on
Allin pod and I loved one thing he said
because it it just calms everybody down
so I'm going to repeat it there's no
indication uh this is me paraphrasing so
not his words but there's no indication
that AI is going to reduce the number of
jobs there's a lot of indication it will
be a tremendous Aid to people in jobs
there's a lot of indication that some
jobs you know entire slices of
Industries will change but that is a
normal thing there are entire industries
that used to exist when I was a kid that
don't exist now so Industries coming and
going pretty normal but as uh nval puts
it it's not so much that AI will cause
you to get another job because as he
points out job sort of indicates you
have a boss and you had to apply for it
but it could be the AI will create what
Nal calls
opportunities so you can say to yourself
hey I don't know much about this or that
but if I use AI I'll be as smart as
anybody who does this or that so I'll
become a person who provides whatever
service or goods and I'll use AI to
figure out how to do it and it leave
even do most of the work but it wouldn't
do it on its
own and you're probably always going to
need a human to sign papers and work out
weird little problems and negotiate
things as you go so this is very much
what I've been speculating for a while
that uh we can't predict AI but it
didn't look like it was going to take
jobs so I I've sort of been on this uh
on this path for a while but it's good
to see nval say it because you know he's
smarter so it's good when smart people
agree with you all right here's here's
something that probably is a nothing but
might be a really big thing now before I
tell you I would like to say what the
NPCs will say you know I do this as a
service so they don't have to do it when
I'm done I want you to yell that's soil
and
green I don't want to live in a tiny
house swimming is the best form of
exercise and you can't make me eat that
and I won't eat
bugs all right does that cover
everything that's that's everything the
obvious people say okay now now that
that's covered you don't need to say
those things do you get it it's so you
don't need to say them you could yeah
and French Press is the best way to make
coffee thank you thank you for adding
that that that needed to be said well
the story is that according to Ben
coxworth really that's his last name
coxworth wow must have been tough in
high
school
coxworth come on all
right okay um anyway so there's this uh
kind of a weed that I guess grows in
ponds it's not even a weed it's called
duckweed it's more like a
green slime that grows on stuff but
apparently there's a version of it
that's really
nutritious and let's say they call it
water lentils so I think it's you know
it's not a slime so much as it might be
little chunks but it's sort of green and
chunky and it can grow in a pond and uh
apparently it's it's a superfood it's
got 35% carbs 20% minerals and up to 40%
protein
now that would be tremendous amount of
protein now you've probably heard me say
way too many times wouldn't it be good
to have a your own indoor Farm but how
in the world could you grow protein in
an indoor Farm I know you can grow
lettuce and you know so stuff like that
that nobody wants to eat too much I mean
how much lettuce do you want to eat so I
was always saying indoor Farms aren't
going to work until you can make
protein this is apparent ly something
you can do in an indoor
facility and it's got protein like crazy
and you could add it to just about
anything
so so uh maybe maybe I'm not sure that
this would work at small scale because
the indoor facility that they show
pictured is a big industrial scale but I
don't know it's so so here are the
advantage it grows really fast it
doesn't need
fertilizer it's got tons of
nutrients and doesn't yeah doesn't need
pesticides doesn't need
fertilizer and it doesn't compete with
other crops for
Farmland it can be sustainably
cultivated in Shallow trays of clean
water and green houses or vertical
Farms so is this what I've been waiting
for I don't know what it tastes like I
suppose you can flavor it any way you
want but if this seems like a you know
small and boring little
topic I I think we're going to have to
get to the point where people are
growing their own food you know maybe in
small co-ops because all the problems
with food are the
middleman the chemicals they put in it
that you don't want them to put in it
the
transportation and the
storage those are all the problems well
you can get rid of all those problems by
growing the your own food in your
neighborhood if you could grow something
with protein so maybe this is
it well there's a new hoax have you
heard that the Pete heg Seth drinks
whiskey in public while doing a
presentation hoax so this hoax says that
when uh P Heth was giving a giving a
talk at uh whatever this was at the uh
big security event in Europe that uh
that he reached where they always keep a
glass of water you know usually if
you're a speaker they make sure you've
got a water you can drink and and the
the thinking was that it was
whiskey now here's one of the things
that the Democrat hoaxes have in
common they're so
ridiculous they're so ridiculous do you
really think that P Heth who's been
accused of you know drinking too much
and is before he was uh nominated do you
do you think that he stood in front of a
huge crowd in a televised event and then
picked up a a a glass with a clearly you
know Brown looking liquid that wouldn't
be water and then drank it in front of
the group does anybody think that could
really happen in the real world it's
just like the fine people hoax and the
drinking bleach hoax you don't have to
know anything to know it didn't happen
that obviously didn't happen and it was
just something about the way the light
hit the water so so no there's no truth
to the thought that he was drinking
bourbon or something on stage so dumb
meanwhile uh aoc's uh calling for the
governor of New York to remove mayor
Adams who of course is a Democrat but
the Democrats are mad at that Democrat
because he's not so keen on immigration
and he uh seems to be friendly with
Trump and they think he worked on a deal
with Trump although he says there was no
deal but uh the Trump Administration
does seem to be trying to force the
dropping of the charges against him the
people who understand this you know this
field better than I do um say it's
completely inappropriate to drop the
charges against them there's you know
there's no there's no legal reason to
drop the
charges I'm not sure there's no reason
if it looks like lawfare meaning that
it's something that wouldn't normally be
charged because it's such small ball I
feel like that's all the reason you
should need do you need more reason than
it's law
fair I I feel like that's good enough
even even if there's a technical
violation like he took some you know
upgrades on a flight or something I
don't
care I don't care at all I don't care if
the next mayor does that either not
really you know if you were taking big
cash payments well then we've got
different conversation but but a
celebrity or a public figure who's
traveling and gets upgraded it's just
the most normal thing in the world so
anyway feels like law fair to me but
here's my point on this it looks like
Trump found a new way to get rid of
Democrats because Democrats
automatically disagree with whatever
Trump says is right so all Trump has to
do is start agreeing with a Democrat
about anything and the other Democrats
will want to get rid of that person
right away so AOC is trying to get rid
of Mayor
Adams because he's too friendly with
Trump that's that seems to be and then
they think there's some secret deal
which is not not an
Evidence um but uh here's what I think
uh I think Trump should endorse Adam
Schiff just to test it out and say uh
yeah Adam Schiff uh we've had some bad
interaction in the past but I got to say
he's the very best Democrat there is I
can't wait to work with him he's the guy
that can really help us with magga and
next thing you know they'd be asking for
him to be impeached because they they
just have to be whatever is the opposite
of trump so he can take out any Democrat
he wants just by saying you know I like
that one you know that Federman
guy he he's looking real good next thing
you know Federman removed from office
while the Washington DC real estate
market is collapsing everybody's trying
to sell their house because they're all
getting fired or they're afraid to
getting fired or they Democrats on the
way out but as uh the account called
cynical publicus points out and others
have pointed out um among the top seven
wealthiest counties in America four of
them are around Washington DC so 4 and
of seven of the wealthiest counties are
right around Washington
DC and Washington DC doesn't make any
kind of
product
so how are all these people making so
much money it's because they're around
the
money if you put them around the money
they'll start forming Nos and and scams
and griffs and everybody's got a pack or
a you know some damn thing that needs to
get funded and apparently there's almost
no fiscal responsibility in Washington
that's what do just taught us and if you
have no fiscal responsibility gigantic
amounts of money and no product being
made except people persuading and
grifting uh that's what you get if you
wait long enough you've got one of the
richest counties or four and a seven the
richest counties and you haven't done a
damn thing that the country wants you've
just taken the money that's what it
looks like so we'll see if we'll see if
that era is coming to an end that might
be a little
optimistic and what about David hog
who's now one of the co-chairs of the
democratic
party how many of you thought to
yourself it seems to me that all the
Democrat leaders are actually just
Crooks like demonstrably obviously
Crooks you know you've heard about the
Clinton
Foundation you've heard about Hillary
Clinton running the Russia collusion
hoax you've heard about them doing the
51 laptop thing you've heard about
Ukraine you've heard about us Aid you've
heard about you know all the
NOS it feels like and and of course in
my opinion nearly every mayor of every
city is
corrupt um you know there might be some
exceptions but I feel
like you almost have to be corrupt to be
mayor in in this this
country um so
what happens when David hog comes out of
nowhere and next thing you know he's a
one of the heads of the DNC
well according to PJ media Matt Margolis
and some other people talking about this
um as soon as he got into that position
he used the the mailing list that
belongs to the DNC to raise money for
his own political action
committee and his own political action
committee
pays his uh $100,000 a
year so he gets he gets put as one of
the heads of the DNC the Democrat
National Committee and then almost right
away uses their internal source to raise
money for himself literally for himself
now it's for his pack which pays him
so you know feels like it's for himself
um
so that's exactly what we expected now I
I'm genuinely curious genuinely
curious do all criminals become
Democrats because they know they can get
away with more or does becoming a
Democrat turn you into a
criminal because obviously I'm aware
that there Republicans were grifters and
corrupt Etc obviously but we don't
really hear about it much do we it it
feels like it's an exception or it's you
know something happened with some
underling somewhere but it feels like
every single Democrat is is corrupt like
all the leaders and somewhat obviously
to to me it looks like well this is
obvious I won't name names but there's
some people just the way they act they
couldn't possibly be acting
independently it's it's so obvious
they're getting a paycheck of some kind
you you know directly or indirectly that
no just nobody would act like that that
nobody would act that dumb in public
intentionally anyway speaking back in Du
public I was watching uh Adam
Schiff um who's got kind of a
theatrical um let's say interest I guess
you wanted to be a script writer at one
point and he was getting so theatrical
when he was questioning somebody in one
of these hearings that it was actually
impressive iive he wasn't really even
trying to you know make an argument on
points cuz he was totally losing on
whatever the argument was he was getting
killed so he just kept ratcheting up the
emotion and then you're saying and then
you're saying that you would give money
under these conditions uh no I'm not
saying so you're saying it well no it's
the opposite I'm not oh so you're saying
You' give money so under these
conditions you would throw the
Constitution under the bus is that right
uh no nothing like that so all right
we've agreed you would throw the
Constitution under the boss and and the
amount of emotion that was obviously
theatrical and
fake was kind of impressive so it made
me think he's a terrible politician but
I bet he actually would be good in
theater like
legitimately legitimately he looks like
he has the chops so he could be
professional actor
anyway so he's got a future there uh
speaking of grift here's what David
Sachs says about Ukraine he says uh with
Americans becoming exhausted with
forever wars in the Middle East the
quote democracy promotion grifters at
usaid and Ned and the rest of the NOS
needed a new cause Ukraine was perfect
as the most corrupt country in Europe it
would allow them to expropriate
billions now is that just the Republican
narrative because it's the one I see and
it looks obvious to me do you think
Democrats understand that Ukraine was
part grift and part neocon wanting to
destroy
Russia or do do Democrats think that we
were protecting this spunky little
country because it should be part of
NATO like what what do Democrats really
think Ukraine was all about do they
really not have any access to the
narratives that are coming out from the
Republicans it it feels like they just
think well let's just give them infinite
more money that should solve everything
because Putin's a bad bad man I'm not
saying Putin's a good man I'm just
saying
probably this was a com combination of
people who looked for enormous grift
opportunities and found them and people
who wanted to destroy Russia and it was
a opportunistic way to do it so no it
looks like a giant scam to
us meanwhile um mar Mario nul is
reporting that uh Tucker Carlson had a
conversation with the prime minister of
Hungary Victor Orban now if you're not
following closely Romania is one of
those countries that is uh sort of close
to a trump-like view of the world you
know a
conservative uh not buying into the mass
immigration kind of thing and so what
would be the fate of Hungary that just
wants to be a independent little country
and supportive of the United States
would be a supportive country one would
be a you know happy to be you know
working with us well uh because it's not
exactly what the the Democrats want or
the liberal Elite as you might say so
this is what Victor Orbin says is
happening he goes the fact is that the
liberal Elite of the West used the
taxpayer money of the United States
citizens to spread their ideology around
the world and finance more than 60 NOS
paid politicians and media outlets in
Hungary it was a plot against our
sovereignty and
dependence uh this is exactly how we
overthrow other
countries we fund a whole bunch of stuff
non-government
organizations but really its ways to
influence things like the media and
politicians it's a way to get a whole
bunch of money and assets and and
intelligence people into somebody's
country and Victor Orban is completely
aware of it he knows the whole plot he
probably can name all 60 Nos and he
probably knows exactly which media
Outlets are being bought by the United
States it's probably exactly what it
looks like that the United States is
actively trying to
overthrow not an
enemy this is the scary part
uh Hungary is not an
enemy so why are we trying to overthrow
their
government they're pretty much on our
side and uh so that's uh probably
exactly what it looks
like all right as you know it's getting
confusing with all the Crooked Democrat
judges trying to stop Doge and Trump and
the executive orders now there too many
to keep track of but what you need to
know is that the the general setup is
that Trump is using his executive
Authority uh largely to fire people
downsize and uh you know move budgets
around and stuff like that cut budgets
move them around and the Democrats are
finding one reason after another to you
know oppose it all and they're using
different judges and all the
judges or most of them maybe it's just
most they seem to have an obvious
conflict of interest you know they've
got a relative who's a you know a
longtime demograph fundraiser or
yeah ba basically they all have some
kind of dirty connections that make them
corrupt looking now I don't know if
they're corrupt but they they definitely
have all the Tells for being corrupt and
they seem to be acting in a way that
almost certainly guarantees that the
larger question of who gets to run the
executive branch is it the president or
does every little pissant judge anywhere
in the federal system get to stop
anything that happens if they don't like
that President because at the
moment the courts or at least these
allegedly crooked judges are seemingly
running the executive branch by saying
you can do this you can't do this you
can only do it then and there's some
thought
um that uh maybe this is actually going
to be good for Trump and the thought
goes like this that what the what Trump
really needs to do is get um get some or
all of these to the Supreme Court and
then let the Supreme Court decide the
most critical issue who gets to decide
what happens in the executive branch is
it the president especially when it
comes to budget and Staffing is it the
president or is it all these little pan
courts all over the country now I feel
like
I feel like Trump would probably win
that if they got to some generalized
principle about who's in charge and who
can stop you and at the moment the only
Power
left that the Democrats have since they
lost basically everything is these
lifetime appointed I think they're
lifetime these appointed judges that are
clearly just Democrat corrupt operatives
so that's the the last power they have
so if this stuff gets to the Supreme
Court and it becomes a generalized
question who gets to decide what's
happening in the executive branch I feel
like the Supreme Court's going to lean
toward Trump you know for all the
obvious
reasons so it could be that the last the
last remaining tool that's you know part
of the government anyway or you know I
guess part of the judicial um the last
remaining tool
besides the Soros prosecutors could be
removed from the system and not removed
but at least ignored and uh maybe maybe
cast aside so that could be a really big
deal that might actually be part of the
Trump strategy is to push every button
until this gets to the Supreme Court and
then give some clarity and if the
clarity goes Trump's way then he can
really get busy so what we've seen so
far maybe just a preview because the
courts are legitimately slowing him down
what if that stopped what if the courts
stopped slowing him down I mean who
knows um anyway that's going to get
interesting so on CNN recently uh Cano
the great points out that there was a
Democrat strategist they just had him on
and he was describing why Trump is
popular today he and he says that he
joined the Democratic party in 1989
because he wanted to fight NAFTA he
wanted to drain the swamp and he wanted
to make sure his tax dollars weren't
being wasted or going to Foreign
Wars so he's saying that basically in
the
90s uh a Democrat sounds like Donald
Trump
today so he he says that's why we led
him is we've let him steal or
verbage now there it is
again they think it's the way he says it
it's not the way he says it it's what he
says people prefer his policies you can
look at any poll and then what's the
most important stuff and then look at
what people think Trump can do is not
his verbiage you know he it's not his
choice of words it's so ridiculous but
he does point out that even you know a
lot of the ordinary Democrats would look
at Trump and say yeah that's exactly
what I wanted all that stuff it's what I
wanted you know give or take you know
abortion of course but abortion is now
more of a state
issue actually it's entirely a state
issue so he say that's why we keep
losing to him um we've quit talking
about Americans keeping America safe and
blah blah blah blah blah and then and
then he sums it up by saying
that Trump is
scary now here's the funny part the
anti-trumpers they can't resist
complimenting him because he keeps doing
good stuff like they can't really be
against him trying to save
money you can't really be against that
or getting rid of fraud it's hard to be
against it you know fixing the Border in
days it's hard to hate that stopping
Wars looks like he's already going to
stop the war in Ukraine one way or
another H it's hard to hate that too
much so even when the Democrats talk
about Trump they've got to give him some
props because it's stuff that they want
to but then he ends with he's
scary okay how did that fit with all
these stuff you said about he's a '90s
Democrat if Trump is like a '90s
Democrat not 100% of course cuz you know
abortion and some few some things are
different but why is he
scary he's scary just
because he does exactly what you would
do they they just can't avoid throwing
in an empty generic insult it's just
reflex I don't think as there's any
thought involved he his entire good
point he was making about Trump being
right in the middle of where America
wants the president to be that was a
solid point and then he ruins the whole
thing by saying and he's scary well did
you give me any evidence of the scary
part the scary part is he gives you
exactly what the middle of America wants
and most people agree oh that's
scary but on the plus
side uh I do give CNN credit because
they put you know Scott Jennings on the
air every day seems like or five days a
week and they allowed this you know this
uh strategist to say some things about
Trump getting right and they do have
other people who sometimes say Trump
gets some stuff
right so the news of course is biased
there there are news that's biased on
the right there's news is biased on the
left like but if you look at Fox News
let's just take the five they make sure
that they've got somebody there who will
say the other side so there's at least
always one person there who argue the
other point um and then CNN is making
sure they have somebody there arguing
the other point but you know who doesn't
do that
MSNBC so here's the mistake if you think
MSNBC is like the others it's not even
close MSNBC you could do an entire
College course on propaganda and all
you'd have to do is turn it on for half
an hour and then talk about it that that
could be the entire class all right
let's see what they said today because
MSNBC will never tell you that there's
even an argument on the other side they
won't even mention it unless it's such a
bad argument and it's misinterpreted you
know it's usually misinterpreted if they
talk about the other side so just watch
that watch
how you know that some Outlets are
biased but I don't mind the bias when
it's explicit right so if I turn on um
Fox News of course they're Pro Trump of
course they are but they don't hide it
and and they try to cover all the news
you know so you you get a little bit of
both sides and CNN same thing but
MSNBC nope it's pure propaganda and once
you learn that then you can see all the
technique I I was thinking about doing
that live sometime just turning on MSNBC
and just saying click okay pause all
right that was propaganda here's what
they did all right play okay pause
because I think every 10
seconds like literally every 10 seconds
you could pause it and say all right
here's what they just did and just show
the
trick I'm going to do that one of these
days anyway
um one of the tricks that MSNBC did this
was spotted by Paul Bond
this was good spotting remember when
Elon Musk had a little ex his a kid and
he was in the Oval Office and the Press
was asking them questions and you
thought to yourself man this is great
because it's both Trump and musk the two
people that you'd want to ask questions
to they're completely open to questions
they're making the time they're
answering as transparently as as you'd
want and wow this is good a lot of
questions getting answered MSNBC played
it without the sound so that they could
talk over it so all You' see is
something that didn't look right CU if
you just saw the video and you didn't
know that they were doing a real good
job of answering all of our questions it
would look like wait a minute there's
somebody that mus guy he doesn't
appreciate the decorum and respect of
the Oval Office he's not wearing a
necktie and he's brought his kid in
there and then you'd say to yourself ah
it looks like he's trying to be the
co-president because you know Trump's
sitting at a desk but musk is standing
up and getting all the attention and oh
this is our
co-president Pure
propaganda to to run the video and then
just talk over it pure propaganda did
CNN do that no did Fox do that no no
they could say things after
it but if you don't even play the video
you're just it's just pure propaganda
anyway um I saw a post by Paul uh
ziola and he was mocking yet another MSN
MSNBC employee who did a little video
about I don't know doesn't matter she
was mad about renaming the Gulf of
Mexico or something like that but she
had the gigantic crazy
eyes and and I I hope I'm the one who's
making this a
thing because as Paul pointed out um you
know she has crazy eyes and it was the
craziest eyes I've ever seen there's
just these gigantic
saucers at first I thought it was AI
because I didn't think okay nobody
really has gigantic eyes like that but
not only with the eyes gigantic I'm not
entirely sure but it looked like she had
her eyebrows removed from the normal
place and placed about halfway up her
forehead I've never seen eyebrows that
far away from eyes and gigantic guys too
and I really have a
question why why do these giant eyed
people the the Crazy Eyes why are they
all on one side what is causing that
crazy eye thing now what it looks like
yeah what it looks like is that when the
eyes go wide they know they're imagining
as opposed to talking about facts and
they know that they have to open their
eyes to sell what they're saying because
it's so
ridiculous yeah if I told you that there
was a UFO in my
backyard I'd open my eyes like this and
there's a UFO in my
backyard this isn't the case that I'm
imagining it it's not really there but
if there were really a UFO in your
backyard you probably wouldn't do that
with your eyes you say I you can't
believe it there's a there's a UFO in my
backyard yeah I can show it to you
here's my picture the truth does not
require those eyes those eyes do
accompany making stuff up so once you
see it you can't unsee it the the big
Adam Schiff eyes the AOC
eyes the Elizabeth Warren eyes you see
the
pattern Adam Schiff Elizabeth Warren
AOC they all have crazy
eyes you just watch them
talk anyway I guess Trump just fired uh
two dozen immigration
judges according to Politico that's a
good start the imig the immigration
judges are the ones who are granting
Asylum to people now why are we not just
dismantling the Asylum system wasn't
that the whole problem the the thing
that allowed the Democrats to lie to the
public forever is that theyd say oh we
don't have many illegals coming across
because they would just call them legal
all they do is have judges say okay
you're applying for Asylum all right
good now you're legal CU until we made a
decision that the Asylum sticks or it
doesn't they were legal because they'd
gone through our process to claim Asylum
so why is there no conversation about
just getting rid of
that because there can't be that many
people who legitimately need
Asylum you know there must must be some
way to handle it without just having
everybody who comes across the border
apply for it so I don't know seems like
that should be on the chopping
block um we just found out that the uh
so the California Department of Finance
revealed that the Califoria California
taxpayers are spending 9.5 billion to
provide Health Care to illegal
aliens that's just the
healthare that would be a third of our
deficit
spending just for the health care if you
added the other
expenses pretty much the entire economic
problem of California which is pretty
bad is from
immigration I I think it's going to be
2third of it and the rest is just poor
management so yeah we're a
mess
um it it's just I don't how history is
ever going to you know deal with this
the fact that California and other
places we opened our borders we invited
unlimited people to come in to take our
money who invites unlimited people into
to take your money well people who are
not giving away their own money it's
people who are giving away other
people's money you wouldn't invite
people to give in your own money yeah so
as long as you can make some money by
having other people give away their
money I guess it's going to happen so
that's pretty bad in other news
um and and part of the news is that this
is in the news so the news is that is
news uh instead of a secret apparently
there's a massive shipment of uh 2,000lb
bombs from the US to
Israel now why would Israel suddenly
need a massive Shi M of gigantic bombs
and these are ones that had been
prevented uh I guess Biden had not
allowed these so Trump is allowing
gigantic shipments of very large
bombs Times of Israel is reporting now
the reason I say the story is that it's
a story is is this the sort of thing we
would normally be aware of or is this
negotiating with Hamas hey Hamas you
know when we said that if you don't
release all of the um all of the
hostages uh that there would be held to
pay well they know what hell looks like
now I assume but I don't know that these
are specifically for crushing
tunnels cuz there's not much left you
wouldn't need these bombs for blowing up
buildings in Gaza cuz they're all
they're already blown up the only thing
left is all the tunnels
I mean I might be exaggerating a little
but basically it's the tunnels
so is this a done deal that these are
going to be used to clean out the
tunnels or is this part of the
negotiating because at the same time I
guess Saudi Arabia's got some Arab
countries getting together to figure out
what to do and they're trying to figure
out how to you know deal with Hamas but
also rebuild Gaza which doesn't look
very possible but the Trump effect is
interesting because he's making other
countries step up so Saudi is really
stepping up you they're hosting hosting
uh you know the people who make the most
difference over there to have some
serious conversations about how they can
they can be the the solution I don't
know what they're going to come up with
but it probably helps it probably helps
negotiating with Hamas to know that
Israel has already brought in the
weapons of their complete
destruction so I feel like you know
Hamas is never going to deal or
negotiate not in any serious way so I
feel like the next step will be massive
bombs taken out tunnels and then we'll
probably keep negotiating you know we'll
take in a few tunnels and they'll say
now do you want to quit and release the
hostages nope all right here's another
tunnel
boom will that result in the death of
some of the
hostages it could yeah it
could well so Trump causes some trouble
by posting I guess the other day he said
this quote from Napoleon he who saves
his country does not violate any law so
that's
Napoleon and then what do you think
people said about that now the context
apparently is that these executive
orders are for the benefit of the
country so there shouldn't be these
courts calling them illegal because if
he's saving the
country that can't be
illegal but of course it can be illegal
and it caused somebody like Adam Schiff
of course to say that it was spoken like
a true
dictator so why does he do this why
would Trump whose biggest problem is
that he's being accused of being like a
dictator is his biggest problem why
would he quote a dictator and and
embrace the dictator's philosophy in
public what would be the reason for
that now if it's the usual reason it's
just to distract the bad guys so they'll
talk about that instead of talking about
some way to you know actually defeat him
so it could be a
distraction it could be just for fun I
don't know I don't think I would have
done it but we'll see how that turns out
I wouldn't have advised
it
meanwhile uh chat gp4 is out and Sam
mman says uh does lots of great things
but it's also the best search engine
it's the best search engine out there
and so I said to myself
huh now that we know what US Aid
is that according to Mike Ben it's a
basically just a front for CIA activity
and that all of those things we think
are foreign aid are really just
mechanisms to build resources and you
know get our agents in and get influence
over another
country no matter what the charity is
called it's really only for that one
purpose now that's what I believe is
true but here's what uh you here's what
chat GPT for which Sam mman says is one
of the best or one of the best search
engines I guess he's I think he says the
best um I asked it is USA mostly a front
for the
CIA because if it's a good search engine
it's going to get right the right answer
which I already know because Mike Benz
has taught us this and here's what Chad
GPT said said while usaid itself is not
a CIA front there is a documented
history of its programs being exploited
for intelligence and COV operations and
this has led to
skepticism now it gave examples that
during sort of the Cold War there were
several examples where USA was in fact a
cover for some CIA
activity but Chad GPT is acting like
that stopped a long time ago oh yeah
there were there were a few notable
exceptions in the news but that was way
back oh
oh but the thing is we only find out
about these things 40 years after they
happen
so
um and then it said uh yeah so so that
was his answer nope it's not a front for
the
CIA meanwhile uh Elon Musk the reason
he's gone quiet today allegedly quiet
we'll see if he can last is that he's
working on the next release of grock 3
which he had claimed will be the most
powerful AI in the world so apparently
it's trained faster better more
completely than anything else and he's
going to be owning honing the product
all weekend so should be released
tomorrow at 88 p.m. Pacific time so
we'll get a whole new AI
you know that case of speaking of open
AI you know the case of the uh The
Whistleblower who was found dead and it
was very suspicious circumstance and it
was ruled a suicide but didn't have the
Tells of a suicide it looked very much
like he got murdered according to
evidence in the uh you know basically on
his body Etc and the family hired a
private pathologist that said that the
gunshot an IES and injuries are
inconsistent with
suicide and I guess the police ignored
that and they just closed the
investigation saying there is
insufficient evidence of
homicide
uh okay let's uh connect some
dots now I don't know what's going on so
this is just pure
speculation but we do know
uh Mark andreon told us that the
intelligence community in the United
States has said directly to the people
who would invest in new startups don't
invest in too many AI startups because
we're going to make sure that just a few
big ones
Dominate and we'll have you know
connections into them basically so in
other words we do know and it's just
common sense it's just common sense if
AI is going to be as powerful as
everybody thinks
then of course our intelligence people
need to you know get control over it for
their purposes now you might say no I
don't want that and you might be right
so I'm not saying what's right or wrong
but certainly the same people who
thought they needed to control all of
the
media if they thought they needed to
control the news and they thought they
needed to control social media do you
think they're not trying to
control uh AI of course they are of
course they are but what's different
from news and internet is that we're all
we're all convinced that whoever has the
best AI whatever country will you know
dominate the economies of the
future so our CIA and our intelligence
people have first of all an interest
because it's where people will go to get
information so they want to control the
information just like they do in every
other
domain including foreign countries by
the way so that the effort is not just
domestic so of course there is 100%
chance that our intelligence people and
and therefore effectively are military
thinks that a us very robust strong AI
situation is the best for the
country so what would
happen if the most vulnerable part of
the entire industry which is the
copyright situation what if that turned
against the AI companies and in
particular open AI which seems to be at
least the most
funded
well that would give our intelligence
Community a reason to
murder whoever was going to ruin the
entire AI industry with some
whistleblowing because all it would take
is one
iory um over copyright violation and
then the floodgates would open and then
you would get other whistleblowers and
you know maybe our entire industry might
be
crippled now this is a problem that
China presumably won't have because they
got the you know the dictator situation
going on so what would happen if America
crippled its own AI for completely
legitimate reasons meaning that there
were people who had legitimate legal
complaints and our justice system worked
the way it's supposed to took them
seriously and maybe put an injunction on
AI and said okay you can't develop this
until we settle this case it's going to
take three years to get it through the
Supreme
Court what would that do to American AI
it would destroy it and then we would
fall behind and China and anybody else
would would take over and then that
would put us at what we would think
would be a
gigantic domestic threat
so putting it all together you're the
CIA or you're the you know intelligence
community of the United States and this
whistleblower presents
a really a an existential threat to the
entire country now I'm not saying that's
true I'm saying that you could easily
imagine they would think it's true that
he's an existential threat to the entire
country because it could take down our
biggest AI companies and stall them and
then nothing happens and we lose the
biggest weapon that's ever been
developed so under these conditions and
the suspiciousness of the case being
called uh
suicide I think it's exactly what it
looks
like I think it's exactly what it looks
like it looks like it's an inside job
and somebody
on what should be our team probably just
killed them and it might be exactly what
it looks
like because I'm trying to imagine the
alternative I don't think there's an
alternative where our intelligence
Community would just let this run
through the courts it would be an
existential risk and a really obvious
one and one they had have the ability to
stop through you know the worst possible
means
means so I certainly have complete
empathy for the
family um and the fact that they I don't
think they'll ever have closure on this
but you could sort of see how the dots
can act I don't know so I'm not saying
that's
true but I don't know how it could go
any other
way I just don't know how there could be
any other way this would have gone I
think under every situation the person
who's this wh blower with this claim who
had documents could prove it with
documents I think that person dies every
time and you know you can't be happy
about
that well how many of you watched at
least some clips from a
US hockey team playing a Canadian team I
don't pay attention to hockey so is it
some kind of playoff situation it's a
playoff right
and is that what it is so give me a fact
check I don't know why the US team and
the Canadian team were playing is it
just a normal League Play they're in the
same league is that a
thing all right well anyway so for some
reason it seemed like an important
hockey game and uh I guess the American
national anthem when it was sung the
Canadians boo which seemed quite
disrespectful to the American team so
the American team just decided that
they're going to start three fights in
the first I nine seconds or something
and uh of course everybody knows that
hockey players fight a lot and it's a
weird sport because the fighting is
allowed up to a point the the refs
actually stand back so instead of
breaking up they stand back and they let
the fight play out now they must have
some some kind of internal rules where
if the fighters go down like if one
drags the other one down to the ice they
break it up immediately but as long as
they're both standing on their skates
and uh they put their stick down I don't
think they can fight by hitting each
other with their hockey stick that
probably would be out of bounds but if
the only thing they're doing is punching
each other while they're standing
apparently the refs let that go as long
as they want as long as the people want
to keep punching each other and I'm sure
if the other teammates tried to get into
it the refs would would stop it so it's
such a weird little not really even a
sport rule that you can punch each other
all day long as long as you do it within
these you know you don't even need a
reason if if the reason was the national
anthem well good enough
so but watching how how theatrical it
happened and then watching what appeared
to be nobody getting hurt whatsoever
it it looked like they were throwing
wild punches they started throwing
punches when both of them had helmets on
and they're they're like punching the
helmets and then the helmets come off
and then there's a whole bunch of more
punching but you really couldn't see
anybody
connect it looked like they could just
do these fake punching all day long
because as long as they were sort of
holding each other by the Jersey they
they seem to be able to avoid the worst
part of the punch and it reminded me of
uh you remember when Jerry Springer was
a huge phenomenon on TV and after a
while there would be a fight every
single episode so somebody who was on
the panel up there on the stage with
Jerry Springer would always every single
show attack somebody who they didn't
like who was also on stage and and it
would look Wild and the punches would be
thrown and the slapping and the hair
pulling but eventually they'd be pulled
apart and I started thinking wow you
know the first few times I saw it I
thought wow that's lucky nobody got hurt
and then it would happen a thousand
times in a row like every single week
and never did anybody get hopiz I didn't
even see a black
eye so it was obvious to me at the time
that the fights were
staged um but let's call it semi staged
meaning that they didn't necessarily say
all right you can only be on TV if you
get in a fight but we'll break it up
don't hurt each other I don't think they
did that but I think that once it was
obvious that fighting was going to be
allowed they may maybe they selected
people who were a little bit more
willing to do it you know maybe there
was subtle encouragement I think there
was but I remember talking to people who
didn't understand that the the fighting
was all
aged and people would say oh no I I
think they're just mad at each other and
there's just a lot of fighting and I
would say okay you believe that a
thousand times in a
row that somebody decided to take a
swing as somebody on stage a thousand
times in a row and a thousand times in a
row without anybody ever getting
seriously
hurt really that that looks organic to
you and and that's when I realized how
dumb the world was cuz I was surrounded
by adult people who voted who believe
that was real just organically happening
and I would try to convince them no no
it's it's more like you know the old
professional wrestling you know it's
part of the show it's just entertainment
no it's it's not organic and people
would mock me and they would say of
course it's organic what are you talking
about and I thought oh my God we're in
trouble if you can't tell that's fake
so then I look at these fights in
hockey these look like fake fights to
me but again I don't think anybody ever
said to the hockey players all right
remember when you're fighting make it
really fake I just think they know that
if they hospitalize another player it's
going to come back to them and so they
try to make sure that you know maybe
they graze a chin you know maybe
somebody gets a a little little tweak in
the ear but mostly just they're just
punching the air and you know punching
in the general direction of people with
no sense that they're trying to hurt
anybody
but you know how impressed we get that
Trump does things that other people say
were impossible well here's what Trump
did when it comes to hockey because
obviously Trump's comments are the
reason that Canada and the US are acting
aggressive towards each other
Trump actually made me like
hockey I loved watching those fights
even though they look so stage not
staged but they didn't look serious I
mean they weren't two people really
trying to hurt each other so uh when I
when I heard the
playback of the
booing and you hear somebody booing the
national anthem it just just
automatically gets your your juices
going you're like what what there has to
be some response to this they booed the
national anthem of our country and then
you see the Americans just throw down
their gloves and just go trying to punch
the out of the Canadian player just
because they're a Canadian player and
the Canadian players having none of it
and punching back just as hard or harder
and it was so
male I just sort of likeed that I mean I
really like I genuinely enjoyed watching
every one of the fights every fake punch
they threw cuz it fell right it just it
just hit me exactly where I wanted to be
hit so so to
speak so I'm definitely going to be
watching the next hockey
game between Canada and the United
States for the
fights all
right
um so apparently uh
Doge might be auditing Fort Knox to see
if they have really gold there have you
heard that rumor it's a conspiracy
theory I guess that Fort Knox hasn't had
any actual gold it's all been stolen or
moved somewhere well Zero Hedge the
publication zeroedge um brought it up on
X and I think Elon Musk saw that comment
and the next thing you know it looks
like fort is going to get
audited now what do you think do you
think the gold is there Asam audited in
50
years do you think that in the United
States gold can sit in a secure facility
for 50 years and nobody stole it I don't
know I don't know I think Alex Jones was
reporting that there seems was it him
somebody was saying that uh there seems
to be some gold moving around the world
and uh you know maybe a little hoarding
and that China might be hoarding some
gold and it makes me wonder if there is
any preparation
for you know paper money collapsing
could it be that China and United States
figure that if regular paper money goes
to hell which seems like it's heading
that direction that the only value will
be gold and that we'll at least we'll
have that and there'll be some way to go
forward I don't know makes you
wonder what's up but we'll find out if
there's a
audit um according to people
matters uh the Doge layoffs went a
little too far with some nuclear weapons
experts and uh they were fired by
mistake and then
rehired so is it I don't know if they
were weapons or just nuclear experts a
little unclear on that but this is
exactly the way the System supposed to
work remember the whole point of Doge
you know the the sort of the DNA of the
operating principle is they're going to
move fast they know they're going to
break stuff and then when somebody
points it out they're going to fix it so
Move Fast Break Stuff Fast Fix stuff
fast here it is they move fast they made
some mistakes in the hiring people said
whoa whoa whoa we can't replace these
new nuclear experts you're going to have
to keep them and then they're rehired
now I I don't know if they successfully
rehired them but the point is this is
exactly what I want to see I want to see
they go too far that but they go fast
they make mistakes they fix it move on
perfect that's perfect system with it it
incorporates the fact that there will be
mistakes and then then it just deals
with them
all right um I guess JD Vance gave a
provocative speech at that European
security conference whatever it was
called and uh went at the Europeans for
saying you know why do you expect our
help in America when you're opposing our
most basic core values of free speech by
trying to censor Americans I love that
frame why are we helping you if you're
trying to stop the very thing that makes
America America free speech so so you
know you could do it to yourselves we
don't recommend it but don't do it to us
if if you're trying to censor us and
you're asking for us to defend you no
and and I think that has to be a hard no
I literally think if if Europe is
censoring the United States we should
give them no defense
whatsoever none uh 100 100% on board
with letting Europe fall to whoever
wants to take him over because if they
can't give us that one
thing the one thing that they should
just keep the out of our
business with with what we say in
America absolutely not and and I'm not
I'm not joking about that I say zero
defense for Europe as long as they're
trying to censor Us in the United States
zero no there's no neg NE oating on that
you need to get that stuff taken care of
because no hard no we're not going to do
a thing for you yeah we we could
watch Russia just roll up Europe I'd be
fine with
it if that's the
alternative if that's the alternative
I'm fine with it because you know what
Putin doesn't do Putin doesn't try to
censor us does
he has Putin ever tried to censor the
United States
I don't believe
so but if we get censored by Europe and
they do have a way to do that because
they can get our multinational
corporations in
trouble uh so not
cool that you're just dead to
me that's what I
feel um so good job JD Vance see you got
really good good grades for not just
presenting America well but doing it
extra well and and saying what needed to
be
said Palmer lucky is on Sean Ryan's
podcast and he had some interesting
things to say about manufacturing he
said that Trump understands that if we
don't manufacture in America we're just
everyone else's so he talked about
how China could just turn off the
economy of the United States anytime it
wants because we can't manufacture over
here and if we can't get the Chinese
Goods we're basically dead
so it does it is a enormous strategic
risk to have your manufacturing
outsourced and uh looks like it's coming
back I think we'll figure out how to get
some of it
back but yeah I would agree with uh
Palmer lucky that if you can't
manufacture in America you don't really
have a future I think that's fair to say
you don't have a future if you can't
manufacture
locally uh if you're not following the
account count by Zion lights which is a
person's first and last name first name
Zion last name lights just like it
sounds like the lights you turn on um
she is uh one of our best uh journalists
SL experts on nuclear energy and and
follows us plus Europe and it's really
sad to see that Germany phased out their
nuclear now they had reasons of course
you know they have people afraid of it
and blah blah blah but apparently they
didn't accomplish their their goals for
you know CO2 which they could have been
a lot closer to if they kept their
nuclear and they're in a world to hurt
it and Great Britain is getting the
Great Britain is currently pro-nuclear
at the government level but the society
is resisting it so there's a big push
back in Great Britain and here's what I
think
I think again this could be one of
America's advantages over everybody
except perhaps China because China's
just going gung-ho with every form of
energy they can get because they have
unlimited need for energy so they're
doing everything right Just Energy first
boom boom boom um and I think the United
States is maybe
finally at a place where we can just say
let's do what makes sense and we we
weren't there for decades for decades we
were like no nuclear power will kill us
all and we don't know what to do with
the waste and all those problems were
solved those are all solved problems the
safety the waste it's all solved the the
waste you basically just keep on site
that's a total solution so I think that
the fact that Democrats at least in
leadership Democrats and also leader
Republicans and also the president are
unambiguously pro-nuclear power
pronuclear power is really really a good
sign and you know all of Silicon Valley
is pro- nuclear power because they need
it for AI and everything else so if
you've got all your Tech Geniuses your
top Republicans and your top Democrats
just fully on board with nuclear
power we're in much better shape
than the countries that are not like
that so France is looking strong you
know they they were early and smart on
nuclear power so they've got a good
nuclear power system going there but uh
in America is probably 10 to 20 years
from you know being able to seriously
say we made a difference in nuclear but
maybe maybe faster if we do the small
modular stuff we'll
see well meanwhile zinsky over in
Ukraine is calling for the formation of
a European Armed
Force now the idea is that since Trump
is saying well we can't do everything in
America where we're doing too much you
need to take care of yourself Europe
that zalinsky says they're going to need
a European Armed
Force now uh it would not replace NATO
it would augment it it would be you know
to boost NATO's power but also have
their own independent
military I guess independent is the
wrong word but a European military now
does anybody care what zalinsky thinks
Europe should
do I don't even need to discuss whether
this is a good idea or a bad idea it
came from ziny I don't think anybody's
listening to him anymore indeed um looks
like Trump and Putin are planning to
meet in Saudi we don't have a date yet
but they're going to meet in Saudi
Arabia to discuss and the war do you
know who they're not bringing they're
not bringing zinski to the conversation
about ending the war in Ukraine do you
know why they're not bringing
zalinsky why would
you he's not relevant because he's going
to do whatever we tell him to do in the
end but we're but they're also not
bringing anybody from Europe so there'll
be no
European and no
Ukrainian just Trump and Putin deciding
what a what a piece would look like and
I think the implication is that if Trump
comes up with a
deal Europe's just going to have to eat
it so better hope it's a deal that
Europe can live with because uh and I
have to
admit If This Were a normal situation
you would want all the stakeholders to
be involved you'd want everybody who had
an interest to be you know weighing in
but I go back to Jamie
Diamond when Jamie Diamond was doing his
rant that got recorded he was being mad
at his own employees and his own company
for you know not stepping up basically
one of the things he talked about was
somebody who couldn't get something done
without 14 different departments
approving it and he was just saying you
can't do that you can't run a great
company where if you want to do
something 14 different departments have
to approve it and he said something like
give me the names of those 14 department
heads and I'll fire them today because
they shouldn't be doing that they're
they're not on the right side if there
are 14 of them this is a similar
situation and it's one of the things I
like most about Trump is the business
experience do you think Trump doesn't
know that if he brings even one extra
person in it up the whole thing of
course he knows that what would happen
if you brought two extra people to your
negotiation if it up twice as
badly what if you brought three
different countries that all have an
interest then it's triple so
Trump is doing the only thing that can
work Jamie Diamond is telling you the
only thing that can work is you can't
bring in 14 people you just can't do it
there's no way to get from here to there
through 14 different interests you've
got to find something that works for two
key players arguably the two important
ones and then if you're going to get it
done you got to shove it down the
throats of the other people even if it's
not their perfect solution there's no
other way to do it so if you think he's
you know being a dictator and blah blah
blah well no more than Jamie
Diamond somebody's got to be in charge
and somebody's got to say this process
can work this Pro this other process
where you got 14 people deci what works
that can never work that can never work
so if you want something to
work yeah two people at a summit is I i'
do it that's exactly how I would do it
and I would definitely leave zinsky home
no doubt about
that so anyway but also Saudi Arabia is
hosting that Arab Summit as I said so I
like the fact that
Saudi is acting like a real Ally have
you noticed that
it it's it feels like not all of our
allies act like
allies but there might be some
exceptions you know there could easily
be some exceptions I don't know about
but I do appreciate I do appreciate that
Saudi seems somewhat
consistently trying to make sure that
America and Saudi Arabia have a strong
ongoing connection and they're not
sabotaging us while secretly trying to
help us or vice versa so
I know I'm I know I'm speaking too soon
and maybe they're doing things we don't
like as well but I kind of like the way
it looks the way it feels so good job
Saudi Arabia so
far and uh then according to San
Francisco University of California San
Francisco um did you know that there's
an alarming rise in advanced prostate
cancer in California so California more
than other states but also um the other
states stopped reducing the cancer
deaths and they've plateaued so the idea
is
that specific cancer prostate cancer has
gotten worse in California
now NPCs would you like to blame the the
vaccination for that
NPCs remember swimming is the best form
of exercise
uh French Press is the best for coffee
and that green stuff is soil and
green now this started before the
pandemic so before the
pandemic listen to me before the
pandemic this trend started it seems
related to uh they say it's it's related
to less
screening so the less screening they say
is leading to worse outcomes I'm not
entirely sure that makes a difference
because I've seen studies that say that
Great Britain doesn't doesn't do as much
um screening as we do for this specific
cancer and their life expectancies are
much different so there's a little
conflicting data some data says that
this screening doesn't make a difference
but California's seeming to indicate it
did I don't know I don't trust any news
I don't trust any data remember all data
is the fox counting the chickens and you
can never trust the fox to count the
chickens but the only thing I wanted to
point out is this is a case where it
definitely happened before the pandemic
and before the vaccinations
so there might be some several unrelated
reasons that uh you know the cancer
rates are up that don't have to do with
vaccinations and don't have to do with
covid but also there could be some of
that so I'm not ruling out that any of
that's you know I'm not I'm not saying
that the vaccinations do or do not cause
a problem like that but there do see do
seem to be some other
reasons so just so you heard that well
if you didn't know it um I posted on
locals yesterday and then I reposted on
X um a lesson on uh risk management now
before you before you tell me what I'm
going to tell you just wait for me to
say it first okay nobody cares about who
got a vaccination during the pandemic
it's old news old story but it's a
really good lesson in risk
management and uh I would argue that if
you if you weren't good at risk
management you often said something like
and and people said this to me and
comment to my my lesson they said said
uh Scott the only thing I needed to know
is that the government said it was a
good idea and it was called
experimental so therefore that's all I
needed to
know and so I thought to myself are
there any examples where the government
wanted you to do something that was good
for you because if everything the
government recommends is bad for you
that's a pretty good
reason if every time the government said
you should do this was always wrong just
always then I guess you wouldn't need to
know anything else you just say oh who's
who's saying oh the government's saying
it are the government okay well I'm not
not going to do that but then I thought
to myself how many things are there that
the government says you should do that
are good ideas are there
any I see you saying seat belts and
smallpox um well doesn't the government
say you probably shouldn't have asbestos
in your
house they say that right are they wrong
should you put some asbest in your
house um how about the food pyramid the
food pyramid used to be all wrong and
maybe it's a little wrong now but would
you do the opposite of the food pyramid
would you eat a bunch of processed foods
and Sugar Foods as much as you wanted
because the government says you
shouldn't so I guess you have to ask
yourself what is
the say the the people who haven't seen
my video they still think they know how
to do risk management so I tried to try
to um deal with those of you who really
don't understand the any risk management
whatsoever those of you who just said
the government said it's good for me
therefore it's bad or related to that
fizer said it's good for me therefore
it's bad or we use the word
experimental they said it's experimental
and therefore why would I take an
experiment those are not
reasons if if you thought that that was
good risk management that you're just
looking at who said it that doesn't
really
work how many of you don't know that
that's not really any kind of standard
that's part of reason
that's that's like
reading you know uh chicken entrails and
trying to predict the future that's like
a horoscope it's like flipping a coin
that it's not part of the
reasoned the reasoning or the it's not
part of reason it's just
irrational but sometimes irrational
reasons can get you to the right answer
if it's a coin flip if there are only
two possibilities it's good for you or
it's not
then any method you use is likely to
have a 50% chance of working all right
I'm going to pray to the sun
Gods well you had a 50/50 chance of
getting the right answer no matter how
ridiculous your reasoning was to get
there so here's what's happened I've
just got tired of stupid people so the
stupid people who are giving me stupid
 reasons for why they did or did
not get the shot you just have to
be you have to understand that you're
stupid and just leave me alone so if you
don't want to listen to my risk analysis
just leave me alone because you're not
part of any helpful anything you you
like to brag that you got one lucky
thing right I'm not going to put up with
it anymore so it's also good to find out
who to block so I I blocked all the
people who said oh I just listened to
the government and uh did the opposite
all
right
um every once in a while the government
gets one right but no now and the same
people are now going to say oh Scott
says you should do whatever the
government
says because their their reasoning is so
bad that they have to distort what I say
to disagree with it if you actually
agreed with what or or if you had a
reason you'd give a reason but usually
oh he's he's so dumb he just believes
whatever he's told the opposite of the
risk management lesson I give
you all
right yes my my critics are experiencing
severe cognitive dissonance now you you
can decide if I'm the one you can just
listen to the video and you would very
quickly detect if I had cognitive
dissonance
because I make a bunch of claims and you
can just look at them all it either fits
together or it doesn't and if you don't
think it fits
together somebody says my risk
management was better than
yours well not your
reasoning yeah not your reasoning just
trying to help all right so again nobody
cares about the pandemic it's old news
but it might help you you understand how
risk management
works um for those of you who want to
stick around on locals I'm going to say
hi to you the rest of you have a great
Sunday I'll see you tomorrow same time
same place but local supporters only I
will be private with you in 30
seconds
e
e
e e