um bum bum bum bum hey everybody come on
in here if you get in here quickly you
can be part of the simultaneous sip hey
kitten hey Tom
Olga come on in here soon as we get to a
thousand we're gonna boot off our
exciting morning program and almost
there
hey everybody go get your coffee get
your mug your vessel your glass here
filled with the beverage of your choice
as soon as we get a thousand which is
gonna be in about 30 seconds we're gonna
enjoy this simultaneous scent and then
we're gonna hear from dr. Shiva some
ideas on lowering health care costs but
first get ready grab your glass your mug
get ready let's do it now
simultaneous in oh that was good all
right I'd like to introduce dr. Shiva
and most of you have already seen our
first program but we're gonna do it a
little deeper dive into health care and
health care costs and dr. Shiva you were
running against Elizabeth Warren for the
Senate in Massachusetts correct yes I am
Scott in fact you know that we're
already on the ballot Scott were running
is independence and then the
establishment Republican Democratic
Party's had their primaries on September
4th and what's interesting is got
literally on the midnight of the
primaries Elizabeth Warren and I said
that she was agreeing to three debates
but guess what with the Republican and
I've completely excluded from the debate
so we're a few people seen on Twitter
we're about to sue the University of
Massachusetts which is a government
funded public institution which colluded
with warrant allow this to occur we're
not going to let him get away with it
because obviously if I'm on the debate
stage
Scott no you know I probably I know I
would give
but Warner run through our money and be
able to expose her on many many levels
particularly on healthcare and how she's
colluded with Big Pharma big hospitals
big research that should keep the cost
of health care high well I for one would
not want to be on the debate stage with
you as my opponent can now if you can do
this as modestly as possible because I
think it's important for a context to
just list your academic credentials
because when we start talking about
healthcare people are gonna say well
what do you know about things and this
will help give us some context could you
just list just your degrees sure my
degrees Scott are from MIT my
undergraduate degree is in electrical
engineering and computer science my
graduate degrees which have two degrees
two masters one is in Applied mechanics
from the department of mechanical
engineering and and others actually in
architecture and design out of the MIT
Media Lab and my fourth degrees which is
my PhD is in the field of health and
what's called biological engineering or
systems biology alright so I talked
about talents stack all the time and
have if you combine the right set of
talents you can get something special
and you've combined in you've combined
not only the engineering way of thinking
what you might call a systems way of
thinking a very rigorous way of
analyzing problems and solutions with a
pretty vast knowledge of the healthcare
situation would that be fair to say yeah
I grew up in India as a kid India has
the Western system of healthcare but it
also has the traditional Eastern systems
healthcare was my grandmother actually
practice in a small village and I saw
empirical healed lakhs of people so I
was very very interested in health care
as a child when I came to the United
States in 1970 by the time I was 14 I
was doing medical research in what is
now known as Rutgers Medical School and
when I came to MIT my entire search was
actually to really look at the
healthcare situation from a systems
approach and only 2000 and treated I
have the opportunity to come back to MIT
Newmont PhD as you noted this
you'll call systems biology alright so
before we get into it just know how
important this is normally when you're
talking about health care you're talking
to your you're listening to just a
politician or maybe just a doctor you
rarely or you can get this many this
many skills in the same person so you
should pay attention to what dr. Shiva
has to tell us today so jump right in
tell us what what's broken about
healthcare or what you plan what would
be your ideal solution you know how can
we get to a better situation yeah I
think Scott where I want to start with
is really help the viewers and your
audience understand how do you actually
look at healthcare you know we call it
the healthcare system you know in the
modern world right now we'd have to
recognize that the problems we have are
very very complex problems and I want to
take about a few minutes to basically
give a to your course and systems
thinking at MIT literally in about less
than a minute I think I figured out a
way to do that but the point is we need
to be systems thinkers we can't be like
the story of the you know the king who
brings up six blind men to look at the
elephant and each person touches the
parts of the elephant and has a very
very erroneous view of what they're
looking at so one guy touches the Tusken
thinks it's a spear another guy touches
the tail and thinks it's a brush but
that's how politicians and lawyer
lobbyists want us to look at the health
care system they just want us to look at
the parts of what is convenient for them
at that point and then direct us to
frankly with quote-unquote solutions
which really don't get us anywhere and
that's the situation where it's just
take the viewers through what is systems
thinking and and the simple way to think
about it is that a system is bigger than
the sum of its parts but more
importantly it's the interconnections of
systems are the parts of a system where
you actually can find the truth so let
me just give you a really really simple
example so if you look at these example
of these five little ball
Cerre that I've drawn we're doing it in
a very organic way these five balls can
be connected in very very different ways
right we can connect them like this you
know each ball has at least one
connection or two or we can connect them
like this right where each ball has two
or three connections or we can connect
them like this and so bottom line is you
end up with very very different systems
based on how these parts are connected
I'll give you a simple example in the
healthcare field where things really
changed a lot was in 2003 since 1950 we
thought that would have made a human
being complex versus a small war was a
number of parts called the genes so in
the mid-1990s when we started doing the
Human Genome Project we thought it a
human being had about a half a million
genes or parts and a worm we knew only
had 20,000 genes the irony of this whole
thanks God is we have only 20,000 genes
we have the same number of genes as a
work that's what's fascinating I
sometimes feel that way don't but but
the cool thing is it's not the number of
genes is the fact that genes interact
with other chemicals called proteins and
in the human being they interact in much
more complex ways as that complex
diagram I showed you versus in a worm so
complexity of systems bottom line is a
function of the interconnections and
that's where truth emerges from
understanding the interconnections so
there everyone's learned systems theory
and in one minute so that's a systems
way of looking at the world we start
looking at how things are connected now
the other piece of this is acute I kind
of lick here to get these is that a
simple way to think about this also is
how do we create a system to solve a
problem well first of all you have to
have a goal you have to look at what
properties you want in that system and
that determines the system that you get
so so we have to start with what the
problem is so let's just take a big view
at what the cost is if here's a diagram
and we do it in PowerPoint here but if
you can see this
going you know the cost of health care
was about 1.2 trillion that's how much
we were spending as the United States in
2000 it jumps to around two point six
trillion in 2011 we're at about three
point three trillion now and in 2040
it's expected that one out of three
dollars we spent will be for health care
spending
one out of three dollars and today that
three point three trillion dollars
roughly is 17.8 or 18% of GDP GDP is
twenty trillion dollars so 18 percent of
that is what we spend on health care now
when we talk about health care cost it's
not just Medicare and Medicaid that's
just one piece of it so if you look at
that person here we're you know in the
full scale a person may be being
serviced by Medicaid if they're you know
destitute have you know economic issues
Medicare is a get older out-of-pocket
and the males have supplementary
insurance so there's four different
sources of spending in health care um
you and I talked earlier if you remember
Scott you said hey isn't the cost of
health care
remember end of life remember that
question you asked me and I thought if
so what happens is politicians have
always said okay we got to control the
cost of health care let's go after that
thing that's really high cost and bring
that down and then we've solved the area
of health care this has been the lawyer
lobbyists politician thinking so you
know I do a lot of writing read probably
twenty thirty medical papers every day
Scott in 2011 there is probably the best
research done on really looking at the
cost of end-of-life care the politicians
have been promoting end-of-life care is
the biggest saying we got to control
that right we've all heard this well
it's sort of hard to see this diagram
but I think you can see part of it well
we have about 300 million people in the
United States and it turns out that 18
million people was sick 20 million
roughly about 18 million people are at
an annual base
is where the highest cost of health care
goes and nearly 1 trillion goes into
that so if you take the two point six
trillion that was spent in 2011 the two
point six trillion one point seven
trillion was for personal health care
costs we take out all the stuff in like
health care programs public health but
1.7 shilling was the actual amount spent
and actual personal health care costs 1
trillion was for these very high costly
people were spending $20,000 per year ok
so when we say high cost 5 percent of
the public to 18 million people were
really consuming 60% of that cost and if
you break that down in this circle you
find that only 2 million people are the
end-of-life Scott which is about 10
percent the 50 percent which is really 9
million people who are catastrophic
events that took place in a year sudden
heart attack right or sudden kidney
disease and then 40 percent were chronic
so only 10 percent of that 18 million
which is 2 million people were the
people who had end-of-life and if
someone has one year left to live and
that's what they're doing so in that so
is that is is the bottom line of that
that everything we're hearing about all
the costs being in end-of-life is deeply
exaggerated deeply exaggerated and again
it's based on the blind men touching the
parts of the elephant and people like to
divert the issues to a problem where
they say this is where the high cost of
health care are and by the way
end-of-life is where it's not prevention
it's not about wellness
it's about specialization right when
someone's at that end of the end of life
they may be seeing 10 or 20 specialists
they're probably on the average by the
way 82 year old the United States is on
12 different drugs 12 different drugs
okay so you're looking at a very small
piece which are the high-cost
lots of drugs lots of specialization now
what's interesting this diagram is the
50% of people that nine million people
are among the people spending a lot in
that year
those are people let's say got a heart
attack but what's fascinating is in one
year they're able to rebound if they get
on good health programs change diets etc
and actually go back to reducing cost
into the into the lower percent
percentile very very quickly Scott so I
wanted to share with people that's a
very small set of people at this high
cost but the majority of that high cost
people are chronic and catastrophic much
of which can be addressed through
preventative prevention I'll get back to
that the other thing is you know let's
talk about innovation again the problem
is here's a very good graph that really
talks about the fact how not innovative
this whole system is year over year you
can see in this graph we spend 30% every
year an increase funding for
pharmaceutical drug development etc but
what you can actually see is a graph
coming down we are finding less and less
new discoveries in fact every year year
over year the FDA is not allowing or
approving new drugs which means we're
spending a lot more on drug development
and we're not discovering a lot of new
trucks okay it's a broken system of
innovation now is it is there anything
to the fact that maybe the easy stuff
you find first and then there's just
harder to find new things the way drug
development works in the in the modern
Western world is it's about a single
synthetic compound we have about a
library of around 30,000 synthetic
compounds these are compounds that do
them occur in nature and the way they do
it is test it in a test tube you know it
takes two or three years for some
disease if it works and you go kill a
bunch of animals that period is called
preclinical work that takes around six
years dot then you have to file day
allowance or an approval by the FDA to
do clinical trials that takes another
nine years phase 1 phase 2 phase 3 and
only 20% of the drugs going to face one
make it our bottom line is five billion
dollars
single drug and a lot of the stuff that
comes out has a lot of side effects and
to your point it's because you're
looking at a synthetic stinkle compound
now the big area of research people are
saying is we need to be able to combine
compounds which is called combination
therapy or cocktails but the current
system of innovation cannot handle
combinations if you did two combinations
of drugs or three or four imagine that
amount of test tube trials you'd have to
do it and the amount of animals you'd
have to kill right
it's a factorial problem so the modern
system of drug discovery was designed
for something about a hundred years ago
it cannot handle combination therapy so
therefore they're stuck the other
interesting problem is again these are
just very interesting facts is that how
well is our care doing even when we're
delivering care well the third leading
cause of death is medical errors okay
number one being you know obviously
people die of heart disease second
cancer but the third is you go into a
hospital and be careful what happens to
you in that hospital you know people
have written books about this but the
reality is the hospital environment
because big hospitals the kind of care
the kind of mistakes that can occur is
quite significant it's not something to
be taken lightly the other aspects of
the cost is is a very interesting one in
the ER are $30 you can go to the ER and
you will pay $30 for one pill aspirin
$30 for one pill which you can get at
CVS for $55 for a bottle now the example
I'm sharing here is this it seems pretty
outrageous but you can extrapolate this
to in a hospital every supply that's
coming into a hospital from the stapler
to catheters to saline bags the amount
of 2 X to 200 X that they're being
marked up is outrageous no is what but
is all that's happening is that the
hospital is just spreading their
overhead across all their costs and it
wouldn't matter
how they got their money whether they
overcharged you for the pill or
overcharge you for the doctor they still
need to make the same amount of money to
get their profit alright insurance
companies represent charge fifteen
percent above cost this is where it gets
interesting so the goal was to bring the
cost very high because you get fifteen
percent it's basically giving people
easy money to but to my question even if
you said we're gonna pass a law and you
have to give away all your pills for
free so the ER it couldn't overcharge
they would just move that charge to
something else wouldn't they because
irrespective of that one of the
important things to bring up is that is
very rarely talked about in the media I
think Trump was the first one and then
his FDA guy brought this out is what are
called GPOs and PBMs and i want to talk
a little bit about that this is
something i've learned recently in the
1970s a bunch of hospitals let's say you
and I were in a hospital you ran a
hospital in the you know the tens of
thousands of other people each were
hospital owners when we were buying
supplies meaning the bedpan two
catheters or even drugs we as individual
hospitals said hey let's do group
purchasing it was like Costco so we got
together and group purchasing
organizations got created called GPOs
these GPOs initially would go purchased
in bulk so we all benefited and could
pass on those savings to our patients
okay
in the 90s two laws were passed that
allowed GPOs
they started flipping it because now
they were the central control in the
supply chain for hospitals they flipped
it where GPOs were controlling so much
of the supply of hospital supplies as
well as drugs into these hospitals they
artificially started cracking up the
costs
and those costs today add another half a
trillion Scott to the cost irrespective
of the administrators so what a GPO does
they actually don't do anything they
don't create anything they don't produce
anything they don't in fact distribute
anything they actually write the
contracts between the supplier a drug
manufacturer of a catheter supplier and
a series of distributors by the time it
gets to the hospital and similarly to
the pharmacies these GPO is now also in
the 1990s who are allowed to get and
give kickbacks
so hospital administrators for example
get seven star hotel stays seriously
okay they get all sorts of perks for and
which they call by the way rebate which
is a code word for kickbacks so what
we've done is the supply chain is owned
and maintained by GPOs and PBX so let me
just summarize what I think I heard
there so you had a bunch of hospitals
and you had a bunch of suppliers of
parts and products at hospitals use and
the hospital said hey let's have a
middleman that'll help us get bulk
purchases and it'll be good for
hospitals but the middleman became so
powerful that the middleman just started
taking the huge profits and could
control both the hospital buyers through
kickbacks and write all the contracts
and have exclusives probably with some
of the suppliers until the solution
which was the middleman became the
problem member generic drugs remember if
you take drug prices let's say I created
a drug I have a 20 year patent on it
well the goal was after 20 years the
cost of that drug should go considerably
lower because many people could
manufacture that drug of generic when
gpo's got involved let's say there were
five manufacturers of that generic drug
well in order to get that drug to the
end-user be it through the hospital
which is inpatient or through the
pharmacy outpatient GPOs
and PBMs wrote
exclusive contracts so one guy one
supplier got access to that entire
supply chain which means they could
crack up the cost of a $2 $3 generic
sometimes 2 20 $30,000 literally so so
now that we we know someone about the
landscape of costs what would be the
approach to go after them what what's
the most what's the biggest lever with
you guys
alert people the infant mortality rate
women woman's maternal mortality rate in
the United States is the highest among
all developed nations 26 out of a
hundred thousand the others in the
developed world is 8.4 okay so it's not
like we're getting great care for women
there's got to be something else behind
that number and also on the on the on
the infant mortality rate in the United
States it says six out of a thousand
others is 3.6 so I wanted to share that
you know the broad level we could
discuss we could go into the details of
a statistic like that in others but the
point is that it's not like with all
this money we're spending the three
point three trillion dollars 18% of GDP
we're getting some amazing type of
health care right it's not like we're
getting so to your point how do we how
do we look at a system and how do we
make it better right well going back to
basic systems theory what are the
properties of the system so here are
some interesting properties we want to
look at
well obviously cost we want in an ideal
system we want low cost we want a lot of
innovation taking place we want a lot of
responsive care we want great care when
you go visit a doctor you want to feel
like the person is really taking care of
you we don't want care to always be
crisis or specialized and the other
pieces we want to focus on prevention
where possible so if you look at it
today if you look at the middle middle
part here most of the care we have today
is sexual
and then we'll talk about this it's sent
big hospitals Big Pharma and what we
have is we have high cost of healthcare
reduce innovation lower responsive care
reduce increase we spend a lot of money
on specialty and very little on
prevention and where we really want to
go is here Scott
we really want to lower the cost of
healthcare we want to see more
innovation we want to see more
doctor/patient opportunity right now a
doctor can only spend five to 15 minutes
you know with the patient you know
because of all the healthcare
constraints we want to have less on
crisis and more on prevention so how do
we get there okay
so I mean there are other properties we
can think about but I would argue these
are probably the most important ones so
so I think most people would agree with
those objectives what do we do about it
yeah so right now this is how when we
talk about the system as a connection of
the parts if you're a patient to get
access to the doctor to get access to
medicines or by the way food we don't
talk about great food right we have all
this huge layering of middlemen
insurance companies PPM's GPOs we've
created all these middlemen and I think
what people really want is this okay and
new technology allows us to do the
patient should be directly able to go to
a doctor patients should be directly
able to get medicine for the
manufacturers and by the way I include
food in this which people may not but I
think the idea of direct local is what
people really want to go and if you can
do a system like this very different
interconnected system versus this one
you can significantly lower the cost
because the middle of later well hold on
just getting back to your earlier point
the the chart you showed where people
could get direct access to a doctor
without the middleman isn't going to
help them for the crisis things that
end-of-life thing action the big right
now the entire basis of the conventional
medical model is always focused on
crisis and specialization what that
means it is
when you go to see a doctor to be
incentive here's to always to send you
to a specialist if you have a headache
you may end up seeing three or four
specialist Scott a neurologist and
endocrinologist psychiatrist etc you
know you need them
well here's interesting there's a huge
movement right now a growing movement
called direct you know direct pay to it
to a doctor where people are saying
eighty percent of the things that you
have you don't need to go to a hospital
can be handled by the primary care
physician the 20% is the specialty stuff
okay so when we looked at the high cost
people you know August if you get a
heart attack you need to go right you
get into an awful accident right you do
you do you do need that very specialized
care but the majority of health care you
know the 80% can be handled by the
primary care physician so so we have
evidence that would suggest that there
are people saying specialists when the
primary care doctor would have handled
it easily yeah you know it's a longer
discussion but to put it simply you know
if you look if you trace back the
history of our modern Western medical
care system it goes back to the 1800s
and there's a great piece of work that
Florence Nightingale did by the way she
wasn't just a nurse she was a member of
the Royal Society of Statistics Florence
Nightingale was one of the great big
data visualization people she did a
beautiful piece of data visualization in
the 1800's looking at the Crimean War
and she saw that soldiers were not dying
from being shot Scott but they were
dying when they came to the hospitals
because the hospitals in those days
where people went to die so she had the
the vision of creating the modern
healthcare system which is fundamentally
the of specialization to put the soldier
back on the field so philosophically our
conventional modern health care system
was really came out of wartime medicine
okay someone gets hit I got to get him
back on the field antibiotics steroids
surgery it wasn't based on prevention by
and large Sendas yeah okay so I think
I'm watching some of the kind
coming in from the folks and they're
they're hungry for specific solutions so
I think they have a good sense of the
background and one of my questions is
let's say if we change things so that
people started going directly to doctors
cut out the middleman but a lot of those
middlemen are hospitals and such
wouldn't those hospitals either have to
stop operating because they would lose
so much income or but isn't there a
secondary effect where if you suck a
bunch of money out of one part of the
system that part of the system gets
smaller and less accessible and it might
be hospitals it might be pharmaceutical
companies making drugs etc okay can we
be sure that the economics won't have an
unintended consequence yes so let's talk
about solution related to that soap as I
said there's this movement now among a
set of primary care physicians which is
you do direct pain we're not talking
about concierge service only for the
wealthy where you pay a doctor
seventy-five bucks a month in fact when
we had our town hall with a great doctor
called Jeff Gould who talked about who's
a a direct pay physician he doesn't take
insurance it's direct pay you pay 50 to
$75 a month and he completely takes care
of you you can call them you can Skype
to email and chat to him whatever you
need
that movement is basically saying that
80% of the things that a patient needs
can be done by a doctor in many many
many examples of this guy and this is
not something that takes away from
anyone to actually enhance this
healthcare so the direct pay model is
one thing that I'm very very supportive
it it's actually a solution for this Wow
if you look at this here this is really
why the costs are high right we have
this collusion between big insurance Big
Pharma and big hospitals to keep costs
high so the solution that I'm sorry the
solution that I see emerging is that you
have a direct relationship with your
doctor you know today I pay about $800 a
month for insurance I don't even use
them the most of
knock on wood in the old days I used to
just pay 15 20 bucks when I saw my
doctor you know you used to be right
down the street a primary care physician
but in the modern model I have a copay
plus I have a deductible and I'm also
shelling out $800 a month a new model
looks like this you have your direct pay
where we as citizens make good choices
to find good primary care physicians for
that 80% and then you have a
catastrophic insurance as reinsurance
where you pay a certain amount for those
catastrophic situations and it's nowhere
$800 a month some of the estimates say
that can be as low as around a hundred
200 120 bucks a month so those are that
that fee is used when you want to handle
those catastrophic situations that's
sort of what it looks at the individual
level but separate from that Scott we
actually need to lower the cost because
irrespective of how much we're paying
the costs are frankly too high well
let's let's pause so if we were to go to
your the model you're suggesting which
is everybody has a direct paid doctor
say $75 a month and let's say they've
got a hundred and twenty dollars a month
on top of that of catastrophic insurance
which would cover everything else so
they're so they're somewhere in the
under $300 for what might have cost a
hundred dollars okay so just so the
audience gets a sense of the magnitude
of that this is just one suggestion that
could take your health care from 800 a
month down to 300 a month and that we
haven't even talked about lowering costs
beyond that so go ahead right so we have
said that's just what you would pay we
haven't talked about the fundamental
issue of lowering costs and in that so
part of it is this this collusion this
what I call this cost collusion needs to
be busted up Elizabeth Warren knows
about GPOs and PBMs which are the mid
as we talked about which control this
entire collusion between big insurance
Big Pharma and big hospitals by the way
Scott is an aside there are only three
GPOs in the United States
it's a monopoly and the biggest
interesting thing is these these three
GPOs in this year next year will be
merging with the three biggest insurance
companies so this will this collusion
will become so institutionalized
Elizabeth Warren knows about this
Elizabeth Warren is actually okay with
GPO is getting kickbacks this is
something we're going to bring up and in
fact probably both political parties are
it's one of those subjects that no one
wants to talk about Trump was the first
guy to bring this out to the public can
I make a suggestion
yeah you know the average person is
overwhelmed by this kind of a discussion
most of the people on this periscope can
can hang with you because it's a smarter
group but if you're trying to convince
people I think you can have to start
with the outcome which is hey I think I
can take your insurance from a hundred
out of dollars a month down to three
hundred and then tell them how because
they'll hear the first part and they'll
say I like that I don't really
understand the details but it looks like
you're smart so you probably do so so I
would start with the answer and then
tell them why yeah and then explain why
because even if people's eyes glaze over
and the explanation and that would be
most people who can't handle complexity
they can still say okay I'd rather pay
less and he seems to have an idea that
makes sense I don't see anything wrong
with it yeah great philosophy there also
is that we as individuals are more
involved in our health care we're not
outsourcing are probably one of the most
important things of our for our own
personal existence to some other
centralized entity and that's part of
the idea of taking our power back yeah
more suggestion just came through on on
the comments and I like that if somebody
said talk about the costs in terms of
per month because I think we just were
just a little bit more organized to
think about our monthly expenses yeah so
in that model you're looking at seventy
five you're looking at two hundred bucks
a month or less
so around two hundred dollars a month in
my case versus eight hundred dollars
yeah yeah that number knocks my socks
off and then I'm already on your side
and I want to hear what you want to say
since I want that to be true and I want
to spend less money
I'm already pre-sold and then you give
me the reasons great okay we're sort of
riffing here on this and I think that is
to refine the communication of people to
get it better so I appreciate we're
doing this the audience feedback the I
want to move also the cost of innovation
you know we talk about innovation
innovation innovation part of the reason
I put this triangle up is again we have
a pretty smart audience out there but I
want to show also the innovation
collusion that takes place in the United
States and this is something I'm pretty
- because I've applied for grass to RMIT
you know been an innovator in the
medical world but there's a very very
sieving and deep collusion between the
NIH the National stood of health by the
way which is the one that funds billions
of dollars in scientific research the
big universities Yale Harvard MIT you
know the big guy Stanford and what I
call peer-reviewed journals all right by
the way
peer-reviewed journals are so Scott if
you're and I are researchers at an
institution and we're both competing to
become a tenured professor our future is
determined by how many papers we publish
in these peer-reviewed journals and how
many people said we did great work and
how much funding we got from the NIH so
that's what a researcher in big medical
hospitals or big medical universities
and Senate get funding publish publish
publish because that determines your
presence as a academic so
that's what they defined as innovation
now what's interesting is to get it to
get an NIH grant it's become highly non
innovative it's all based on this click
which makes a decision so the NIH grant
fund of people who make the scores when
you apply for an NIH grant are the same
people sit on the journal review boards
or the editors and the same people are
on the major University in fact 70% of
the NIH funding flows back to the big
big universities and so there's a big
discussion in medical research saying
we're not really doing a lot of
innovation because most of the money
most of the ideas and most of the
science is controlled by a very small
Clinton and one of my views is that the
NIH funding system needs to really be
explored we need to also look at what we
call peer-reviewed journals a Mike Stein
by the way never published one journal
one paper in a peer-reviewed journal he
thought the whole concept of peer review
was a way of choking on scientific
innovation well well if we can be fair
Einstein didn't really have a peer
here's the Einstein was making he said
when you do innovative work your peers
are the first ones are going to be
against the innovative work correct
right so he said there is a oxymoron
here to call peer review so he he made a
central point it was around the 70s
where we started really pushing peer
review to really control scientific
discourse and his model as if it's
publicly funded publish it and let the
public decide let the public discourse
take place well but the bubbling can't
tell the difference so what will the
public meeting the broad mass of
researchers accept a finite set of
people who control the peer review
boards right so it's not there's a lot
of smart people who maybe in a small
State University somewhere who may write
a very important research paper but that
research paper may never get cited
because of the few who control let's say
the narrative on now Alzheimers takes
place
how does Alzheimers Eckhart work there's
actually it's not just one scientific
truth there's various approaches and if
you're at the head of one journal and
you're the 800-pound gorilla you're a
very very very fearful that a new theory
may come which may ask you Scott because
that determines the funding that you get
which graduate students you get so that
whole model of innovation is a very
medieval feudal model on how we innovate
so so is the answer to go to more of a
public anybody can publish and let the
public and open source publishing
there's also the concept should be much
more dispersive on where that funding
goes there's a lot of innovative
research in fact when you apply for an
NIH grass dot the first thing that you
have to show is have you already done
this before okay it's called specific
aim one so you're already submitting for
a research grant which is truly not
innovative so they don't really support
really new uncertain research it's
already pre rate research so that so the
innovation that they allow is the
innovation that's just like the thing
you did before specific aim one two and
three and specific aim one you prove you
already submit preliminary data to show
that you're gonna already achieve
specific game one so it's it's not it's
a non innovative system so what I've
heard so far this conversation and then
the earlier one I don't see anything
that couldn't be run as a as a parallel
process or something that you would do
in one state or one location every bit
of this doesn't require changing
anything it just so it requires having
just a new thing and let the new thing
live on his own
modulate this and regulate this which is
what they've been doing if anything it
has actually concentrated more power and
it's actually supporting the growth of
this collusion right looks really good
so parallel so so that's what's
happening stuff so doctors are getting
together in consortiums they're saying
let's do direct hey you have innovators
coming you know I know the app that you
built for example which lets people go
direct is an interesting example
that's an enabling application where I
as a doctor can use that application to
come up with a way that I can offer
direct service so that's where I see the
real innovation coming what we don't
want to see happening through Washington
is restricting that right
putting bounds on those people to put
regulations to keep those people out so
whatever what so given all the things
we've talked about so far is there
anything that government even needs to
do because I haven't even seen the role
for government yet well governments in
this diagram so today you know we have
about 900 72,000 doctors in the United
States if you're a doctor you typically
have you're in this ecosystem of a big
you have to go to a big University or a
University of Chicago Medical School and
you have to get your specialization
training in a hospital the average
doctor goes through four years of
university training four years of
medical school in two to four years of
some specialization one of my solutions
is we should eliminate the need to go to
four years of university why am I saying
that we don't produce enough primary
care physicians in the United States and
the cost of a primary care physician is
two to three times that have been other
equal developing nations in this country
so we need to lower the cost and we need
to have more primary care physicians
doing local smaller practices than going
to hospital so my sister for example
went to Harvard Medical School right
four years under graduate another four
years you know medical school and then
two to four years specialization and she
says she that I can't the amount of
regulations I have it basically incensed
me to go and join a big Hospital
they're also having a massive dead bird
so a simple solution here Scott is why
do we have to go to 40 from high school
a number of you know countries do this
you go high school right - so who's
stopping anybody from having the
solution that you're suggesting is that
is there a law right educational
industrial complex really wants us suck
people into this concept of you have to
do the four-year because the way it's
structured before you can go to medical
school you have to pass a series of MCAT
exams right which they force you to get
in think that you have to do that in the
university system right you have to have
so many years organic chemistry who is
forcing anybody to do anything well who
is the authority then yeah so the
American Medical Association the AMA as
you know is probably one of the
strongest lobbies in the world you know
for that matter in the United States so
it should be probably but yeah controls
a lot of these processes now there are
some programs that have just recently
emerged where you can go from high
school it's called a six-year program
you do two years and then you do your
four-year program and I think there are
certain things that government can do
that can eliminate those barriers for
example accreditation of cert you you
know accreditation is an interesting
thing right that accreditation of
particular universities particular types
of schools and other things like that
those rules put barriers where we don't
allow that to happen in a frictionless
way so I think it's to your point is
that what government can do means what
government should get out of the way of
doing so oh who does accreditation right
now
involved in that which specific so but
there might be some set of rules that
the government could just do you think
an executive order could wipe some away
or their state philosophically why do
you need to in some ways waster spent
four years undergraduate education and
this is part of you know a solution that
I think it's important is the whole
concept of skills-based morbo tech a
concept medicine in many ways it's a
vocational training is engineering is
know who would have to change what
they're doing in order to get say a six
year accredited medical degree is that
the states would have to change some
laws stated okay so and it's probably a
variety of things so there's you take
exams in a particular state you can
practice in a particular state only so
it's a combination so would it be
possible and by the way we've got just a
few more minutes here because I don't
like to go over an hour because then the
replays are much lower let me let's
finish up do you have other specific
suggestions
the key is you know to your earlier
feedback if we can bring down the cost
of health care from in my case eight
hundred dollars a month down to two
hundred let's say that is what I'm
really proposing and that solution means
people taking control of their own
health care health care by doing direct
paid with doctors and then having this
form of crisis care that's sort of the
core of the solution around that and we
cannot forget is actually lowering the
cost of health care and lowering the
cost of health care is a function of
recognizing putting more emphasis on
prevention more emphasis on the fact
that there are middlemen who control the
flow of supply and drugs through this
entire supply chain which are cranking
up the cause
to exorbitant levels and also the cost
of research and innovation itself is
done in a very medieval way and I think
the incentives we can do I think that's
what government can do versus getting
involved incentivizing that parallel
development process of innovation
startups which can offer the ability for
the patient to go direct to medicines
support you know be it an area wellness
be it in the way of accessibility to
doctors but it fundamentally should be
where 80% of your healthcare is done
through query or so a couple of quick
questions if we could lower individual
healthcare costs as much as you say
saves from a hundred a month to two or
three hundred a month would this system
have produced enough excess to cover
everybody and that in other words could
you get to something like universal
health coverage just through cost
reductions without look without
increasing anybody's taxes is that can
you get there when I do the numbers
guide you know for me as an innovator is
an engineer I see we can do both because
not only can we because what I just said
also involves unleashing innovation to
lower these costs and doing things to
eliminate the corruption in the system
so when you look at the numbers and that
multi-tiered process I just proposed
it's not outlandish to think we can do
this it's just a matter of doing it
because if you recognize that there are
many many innovations which can reduce
that cost the way that innovation is
done I think both are completely
feasible and plausible
all right let me ask you a couple of
quick questions that I know people are
just going to wonder about legalization
or decriminalization of marijuana yes or
no I mentioned my sister she was one of
the top leading cannabis doctors in the
country and she and I have arguments on
this but I think definitely we should
decriminalize it but we should also put
a lot more research on
cannabis is a medicine and we need to
put more emphasis on doing research on
it to understand you know there's about
880 different cannabinoids and molecular
substances in cannabis and we don't even
understand all the functional uses of it
so I'm a big big proponent of definitely
legalizing for medical use and
decriminalization I'm just watching the
comments go by and it looks like you
picked up some votes all the people
support cannabis are going to be at it
so I'll be speaking on it I've tracked
our to speaking spots at it great and
all right
so I think we hand her a big point so
I'm going to look at the comments here
and see if we've got in the closing
comments from people so if anybody has a
final question to ask there they're all
making comments about marijuana now Oh
what do you think of the Bezos Buffett
JP Morgan healthcare initiative do we
know enough about that yeah doing what
they were doing like a GPO was merged at
one point how to screw all of us as
middlemen my concern is is this sort of
version 2.0 of doing it in a much more
efficient manner and Bezos is very good
at controlling supply chains yeah that's
right so somebody said that somebody
asked in the comments here you know how
would we start to get some of this going
the start would be to put you in the
Senate right myself understand these
systems are complex and being able
articulated as we just started doing on
this call I don't think Elizabeth Warren
can't even come anywhere near
articulating this but more importantly
Elizabeth Warren actually wants the
current centralized system she wants
more regulation she wants less
innovation it's not I'm about to run out
of battery so either I can connect if
you just give me two seconds
yeah go ahead and connect and then go
ahead and connect and I'll make them
climb in while you're doing that so so
here's my comment about the Senate in
general even if let's say you're in
Massachusetts your Massachusetts about
her and you choosing between the
Elizabeth Warren and dr. Shiva here even
if you thought Elizabeth Warren was a
better candidate because she met Matt
your social preferences or whatever it
doesn't make sense to have everybody in
Senate the same kind of person or two
kinds of people you know traditional
Republican traditional Democrat you
you're gonna have to diversify the
talent stack within Senate to get
anything done you know that's why I'm
always so appreciative of you know Rand
Paul for example because it's so obvious
that what he brings to the mix is not
what the mix already had so even if you
agree or disagree with Rand Paul he's
bringing something new all the time so
what I see in you dr. Sheba is you know
even if you were running against the
candidate that somebody preferred think
about the hole right you're putting a
senator in who's not just taking care of
the your your one but you know pork
projects in your state or something if
you want the Senate to work well you're
gonna have to inject some new kind of
thinking otherwise you're going to get
the same result every time and I don't
think you've seen more innovative
thinking than we just saw here over the
last 45 minutes or so so we should
probably wrap up here in the next 60
seconds is there anything else you'd
like to say is that I think what I want
to say Scott is a world now in the
modern you know in a century here that
the problems of the world they're not
going to be understood or solved by
politicians who are essentially as I
said before certain I want to clarify
this sort of the convenience to our
retail checkout clerk right serving
special interests and and their goal is
to stay in office and stay in office and
stay in office the goals of people like
Liv
we're listening like my selves actually
to solve problems and those problems can
only be solved when you take this
system's approach a much more deeper
approach and you really tease out what's
really done as we just did in this
conversation and Americans I believe
deserve this kind of conversation with
their elected officials and that's how
solutions and truth is going to emerge
by having this open discourse in a very
prudent way of looking at these
interconnections so she refers said it
and people want to go find out more for
ourselves I'll be putting this up Scott
and a white paper up shortly it's almost
done
up on the website I'll send a link out
to you guys oh great we'll have
something look at what so I'm gonna wrap
up thank you so much I think people are
going to agree this was insanely useful
in terms of what I understood before
versus what I understand now I feel like
I made a just a huge move forward so
thank you for that and we'll all stay in
touch all right back to us I'll probably
do another periscope a little bit later
this morning on politics because I know
you love your politics but I'm gonna
sign off for this I'll look for your
comments on it on Twitter I hope this
was as useful to you as I felt like it
was to me and bye for now