hey everybody I know a lot of you are
probably watching the Bernie Sanders
livestream of music right now which I
got to say Bernie thank you
excellent job so Bernie I guess instead
of his rally got some bands and got Neil
Young to sing live on periscope and he
was promoting Bernie and I think he's
somewhere remotely but the rest of us we
just get to listen to really good music
I don't know if you tuned into that but
it was it was great
so congratulations Bernie great job
during the virus creative and good for
the public I appreciate it
if somebody says no Tucker's on sorry
yeah you've got Tucker recorded or you
can watch me record it it works both
ways so keep me company while I set up
my desk that's why I'm here I am
literally here to keep you company we
are going to have a paucity of
entertainment unless people step up and
according to the Bernie Sanders live
stream that looks like people are I'll
try to do the same I tweeted earlier
that I predict there will be a bunch of
outdoor drive-in theaters popping up
because it's real easy to do yeah you
can buy a buy a little projector for
yourself put it on the wall all you need
is a screen of some sort some kind of
flat surface and a place to park so how
hard would it be for somebody to just
turn a parking lot into a drive-in movie
couldn't you do it now I think what you
need to do is you'd have to get the
sound into the car but that seems doable
must be an app that can stream how hard
would that be stream the movie into your
car and then play it you know optionally
you could play it through your speakers
then everybody during the coronavirus
crisis can just drive up in the car
watch the movie if you do it in your
neighborhood you might have to use the
bathroom at home I guess bathroom would
be a problem but you're going to see a
lot of creativity anyway here's what
I've been thinking about because I find
my role during the crisis is to make
people feel more relaxed because once
you've done everything you can do
everything the government tells you to
do well your job after that is to relax
that's actually your job because you
need to stay healthy you need to keep
your immune system up hey you don't need
a stress so do what you need to do but
then it's your job to relax for health
reasons from the benefit of the country
so let me tell you some things to help
you relax that's what we're going to do
here today the first thing you need to
know is that while there there have been
some publicized
you know our missteps in the beginning
of this thing the country is really
stepping up really really stepping up
very impressive and let me give you one
concrete example of that when when I had
the suggestion of allowing doctors to
practice across state lines that idea
ended up in the the hands of the
president's chief of staff I think in an
hour I think it took one hour for just
an ordinary good idea that doctors
should temporarily at least be able to
practice across state lines it took an
hour one hour that idea was literally in
the hands of Mark Meadows or in his
brain he you said it sounded you know
like something you wanted to look into
and then I got a confirmation back in
one hour now that's not the only time
that's happened it's just it's kind of a
clean example but for whatever accident
of history I ended up being sort of a
filter and curator of some ideas that
people are sending up
and they don't know who to talk to in
some cases they don't know who to
connect to and I just happened to be
able to do that so the the stuff you're
not seeing is working really well the
the people who are restocking the
shelves etc they're working hard there's
a lot of good stuff happening and more
coming so I want to talk about some of
the you know thinking thinking past the
sale here a little bit sooner or later
we're gonna get a handle on this thing
we're gonna get control of it like we
always do
if you bet against humanity well you're
on the wrong side it's a bad bet we're
good at this stuff
and this is nowhere near something
that's going to take us down nowhere
near this is an annoyance that has some
weird unintended benefits now I'm not
losing sight of the hard times they had
but it doesn't hurt to just take your
mind off of that for a while
and here's it you're a few things that I
could identify this seemed to me likely
to be better in the future because of
the virus now you could you know quibble
with some of them but we'll let me run
through the first thing that's going to
be better is science maybe not every
branch of science but because of this
crisis suddenly a whole bunch of people
who would not have met each other met
that's a big deal when you take all
these geniuses in the world they're
really that the smartest people in this
field and you say now you don't have a
choice you're working together you're
gonna you're gonna cross pollinate
you're gonna share ideas and you're
still going to know each other when it's
done this is huge
I mean it's enormous but also kind of
invisible because the benefits are down
the line and you'll never really know
what one came out of it but when you put
this many of the brightest people in the
world together on the same problem they
don't stay you know they don't lose
touch that becomes a permanent like part
of a you know society's brain if you
will that just you know just got
organized by this problem so in a sense
this virus is like you know any blow to
the body
let's say your muscles if you overwork
them well they break down and then they
build back stronger and you see I think
you'll see that with science you're also
seeing participate in government I
didn't know what to call it but the
example that I used before where average
citizens are just saying I could build a
factory you know I can get that done I
mean maybe not with my hands and my own
hands but I could make that happen
people saying I can solve this problem I
can help this person you know I could I
could find somebody you need something
so we've created this the internet helps
you know tremendously to this we've
created a participant kind of a
government where that distinction
between what's the government and what
the what is the people as somewhat you
know got a little murky right because it
is foul key the government or izya
scientists are all the scientists the
government or they private what about
all the people are working with the
government so it's like the government
and the public just just became this you
know the single creature and maybe some
of the good parts will keep specifically
the part about bubbling up good ideas I
think this process is going to identify
new leaders now it's a presidential
season but I'm not talking about that
I'm simply talking about the fact that
let me use this example if you were in a
crowded cafe and there was an explosion
outside and you thought it was bad
whatever it is most of the people in the
cafe are gonna get up and run because
they should but in that cafe there will
be three people who stand up and walk
directly toward the danger because
there's something about humans that we
breed heroes not all of us obviously and
if those three people ended up needing
more help people who were not heroes
would just become heroes almost
spontaneously you know we're sort of
like chameleons like that we run when
running away makes sense but then when
it doesn't
ordinary people just become heroes
you're seeing it every day it's
happening it's happening all over the
world so we're gonna identify new
leaders I don't know what that means I
don't know if any of them will become
permanent leaders but you'll know who
they were you will know who they were
our pandemic defense is getting a real
good test you know tests except
unfortunately it's a real thing
will it be better after this is done
absolutely
was this the biggest problem we'll ever
have with a pandemic probably not so
having the one that doesn't kill you and
tells you oh for sure
there might be one later that does that
allows us to strengthen our defense when
this is over we will be the strongest
we've ever been as a civilization
because we'll have this and right now
it's one of our biggest vulnerabilities
as a species if you will home delivery
of course we'll just go through the roof
I heard Amazon is looking to hire a
hundred thousand more people Safeway
apparently is hiring like crazy that's
my local local grocery store and I had
no problem at all door dashing now I
don't know if that'll change but I'm
ordering food from local restaurants
because that may be the change that's
coming the change is coming might be
that restaurants become more like
kitchens and maybe the costs go down
with volume and stuff and and and at
least for the while we'll keep them
alive with ordering from them and that
also takes the burden off of your
emergency supplies because the
restaurants are well stocked you know
they have more than they can sell right
now so buy from your local restaurant
save the beans and rice just in case I
don't think you're gonna need them I'll
talk about that in a minute I think our
hygiene as a people permanently approved
I think we are permanently more hygienic
species after this because we're
building habits it's in their heads is
that our training go die gene how many
of you have any lives will lessen if
well it will save more I can confidently
predict this that we will save more
lives with all the hygiene
you know reflexes that people are
developing then we will lose with the
Kuroda virus we will come out ahead
it just won't be right away send us a
lot of people are taking the advice to
use this excuse to get healthy
nobody's gonna argue with you especially
if you're you know an older less over 50
but they're not gonna argue with anybody
when you say I have to take a walk I
just I have to go for a run I've got to
lift some way it's yeah home you know I
wouldn't go to the gym but you're gonna
learn to do it at home
try walking so I did a little experiment
you know stress is kind of high with
everybody so yesterday I did not take a
long walk it's the first time in a long
time and I gotta tell you my mental
state was far more let's say rebel than
it was on all the days that I walked so
then the next day I walked and I just
said alright now do a little internal
survey and by the way I recommend this
you should always do a little audit of
your mental state after you've done a
physical thing especially exercise and
especially eating any particular type of
food just see how you feel me for a few
hours after and I can tell you that
after a long walk wasn't you know wasn't
exhausting it was just a nice good long
walk I came back in my mental state was
excellent slept like a baby it was great
so if you don't do anything else you
should take a walk every day really all
right
our prepping skills gonna be much better
if there's any other future time that
something comes up Wow are we gonna be
better at this alright I'm not saying
that you know that's a good thing that
we have a you know another tragedy of
course but we'll be ready for it so
that's good
what about the online school I think it
will move faster to online I think the
ubi situation in my opinion the ubi idea
of at least temporarily during the
crisis giving people who need it I don't
know maybe everybody but people who
needed at least $1,000 a month maybe
more who knows but something like that
I would almost guarantee that's going to
happen that that's as close to
definitely happening as just about
anything I could think of and the reason
that I'm going to say it's close to
definitely going to happen is that it
looks like it might be necessary and
here's why you know it's going to happen
rich people wanted to write and that's
the problem basically rich people are
going to say yes ubi let's crank it out
and you know I don't think you'll get
disagreement this is not a democrat
thing this is not a republican thing and
if all the rich people agree which they
never had agreed on the ubi before I
mean had been polarizing kind of a topic
that was growing in popularity but at
the moment to save the people who
literally can't buy food you're not
going to find a rich person who says no
to that and if you do steal their food
you have my permission now really now
really when somebody says what navall
says one is stupid the ubi I don't think
he is talking about the ubi for an
emergency situation so I don't know that
we'll ever move to yubi hyperbole you
know some kind of $1,000 a month the
situation no matter what you do but we
will test it wouldn't that be good to
have a test
I think our healthcare system will be
forever better because all the things we
learned I think there are lots of
regulations that will never come back
because once they were gone people
didn't miss them I think the risk to our
supply chain which at the moment I think
it's actually kind of low yeah if I had
to you know put money on it but I guess
I have I guess I have put money on
because I still have my money in
market the supply chain is something we
do well and food will come back first
you're never going to have a problem
with energy I don't see any chance of
that you'll love you'll have water
you'll have all the basics the garbage
will get picked up I imagine and we'll
go on so I think everybody everything is
heading in the direction of under
control
somebody says where does the money come
from well it would drive up the debt but
the reason I said that it's important
that rich people agreed to it they just
realized I had my headphones on I'm
probably talking too loud somebody says
you making me feel terrible
why what have I said that makes you feel
terrible so the debt will go up no
matter what that's just a given but I
thought we can figure our way out of
this all right
yeah Trump tweeted that this virus is
the Chinese virus so that just happened
I hear I got a mixed opinion on that and
it goes like this in ordinary times I
wouldn't have any problem with the
president doing his usual provocative
stuff and you know he knows how to do it
you know senator provoked and then
people would say ah you racist stop
calling it a Chinese virus and then he
would say but that's where it started
has nothing to do with racism and then
he would get all the attention and you
know it looks like a play that he's
played lots of times before but it
doesn't feel right in a crisis does it
it feels small so I wish he hadn't done
it I think it was a mistake yeah I've
never I've never said he'd made he's
made more communication mistakes than
this week but I also think that you know
the experts are doing a great job and
the country's doing a great job and I
think the President did what he needed
to do just the communication just he's
just not I hadn't a communication this
week it's like his little tone deaf
or something and but I but here's the
softening of that the president might be
preparing us for decoupling now let me
say it a different way the president is
preparing us for decoupling and if
calling it a Chinese virus makes you
feel worse about China it makes it a
little easier to decouple and bring our
supply chain back well ok you know I'm
going to give them a pass so I can have
two opinions on this and I think that
they can they can live together one
opinion is didn't like it wasn't the
right time under normal circumstances
sure have some fun with it but right now
I'm not the right time
however we are in crisis mode and
nitpicking the president's words is sort
of beneath all of us but you asked the
question I'm just trying to I'm just
trying to be conversational here I think
you got to let that stuff go for now
yeah whether it's the president whether
somebody else whether it's you know your
your most heated pundit on TV just kind
of gotta let the little stuff go just
for a while yeah you can get back to
chewing each other to death and whenever
whenever we're back to normal but the
president is preparing this for
decoupling if that's what he had in mind
when he was framing that way I'd say hmm
yeah okay I can see that it's just you
know maybe not the perfect time all
right
it is a Chinese virus say what it is
name your enemy to effectively fight
well I don't think there's any chance
that it's an intentional you know any
kind of bio weapon so I think we need to
to leave that behind do we all agree for
a long time I was I was open to the
question of gosh where did this come
from I'm still open to the question it
could have come in
you know some kind of a laboratory but I
reject the idea that it was designed and
deliberately and deliberately released
so I don't think it's designed and I
don't think it was deliberately released
but I might a command of some lab that
had a lot of samples of one thing or
another that's entirely possible
the super you're right what about stocks
what about gold I will give you no
recommendation about gold gold is
something I've never understood beyond
the fact that it's a psychological
phenomenon so I don't give advice on
things which I don't consider an
investment and gold can't act as a hedge
there's no doubt about it in some
circumstances but not necessarily
reliably and I wouldn't call it an
investment so I won't give you advice on
it but stocks I also don't give advice
on stocks except generic so I'm not
going to tell you buy this stock buy
this buy that it does seem to be that
there's some kind of realignment
happening in the world I have a broad
index I would expect you know a third of
my stocks to really suck for a long time
but did I mentioned Amazon is hiring a
thousand people right so that there
there are other companies that will grow
like crazy and it will at least
partially offset you know some of the
ones that are gonna shrink so this is
just a general statement not advice
diversified polio portfolios have never
lost never if you get a bet on something
bet on something that's never lost
what's the record you know how long is
this unbroken record of a diversified
portfolio never losing no when I say
never I mean over any ten-year period in
any given year you could have a year
like this but if you just hold on you
would be you would be in an asset class
this since the beginning of the asset
class I am NOT a historian enough to
know when was the first stock issued but
never never
not nobody's ever lost money in the
stock market if they were willing to
hold it you know ten years or whatever
now I think this is going to be far less
than a ten year problem because your
your 10 year slumps in the economy have
more of a reason you know there's
something about the world that's not
quite working whereas that's not the
case the moment this virus is under
control all of our assets all of our
people boom we just slide them back in
and start cranking it so I've said this
before but whenever the recovery starts
and that's the part you know I'm not
gonna make a prediction about that but
whatever happens the recovery is going
to be frickin awesome
it will be a recovery like nobody's ever
seen so there will be records set on the
upside at least percentage-wise not you
know I don't know how long it'll take to
get to get back to where we were but
there will be records sent it'll happen
pretty quickly it'll probably happen
about the time you start seeing good
news about the virus rate going down
that's probably premature and I say that
only because we expect the the flu has a
good chance of having a you know a
double hump gets bad might be better in
the summer might not but and that might
get worse in the winter might not a lot
of unknowns will this event inspire
better cinema scripts well let me put it
this way so I've been telling you that
we're on the cusp of the Golden Age and
then this happens and so you say to
yourself well Scott I guess you got this
one wrong you're you're way wrong this
doesn't seem so golden to me but it
feels like a movie and we just hit the
third act if you watch any drama movie
actually any movie the third act is that
thing that's sort of you know closer to
the end than the beginning in which the
hero of the story is in an impossible
situation and the audience can't even
imagine how it could be solved
it's like unimaginable there's any
solution that's the third act
that's where we are and just because you
can't imagine it doesn't mean it won't
get solved because we're not the ones
who know how this stuff works
luckily the experts do imagine it and
they have a better idea of you know
where is it where it's going but it does
feel weirdly like a movie script and
we're right in the middle of the third
act and how does the third act go always
the same way always the same way the the
arrow wins that's how it works so if you
think this is a simulation that we're in
and that it's following movie script
form which it seems to do by coincidence
or designed I don't know probably
coincidence
but you'll see it often yeah somebody
says hopefully not the fourth act
inflection point shows fake or real
weakness or strength yeah I didn't
understand that yeah the video
conferencing companies are going crazy
somebody says will you admit you're
wrong what do we do don't see many
deaths like China and Italy why would I
is there something you don't understand
about my opinion that that that question
made sense because I'm not one who said
we're all doomed the the danger is if
you don't act but we're acting and the
panic of my god millions could die is
what causes people to act there's no
conflict between anything I've said and
either a good result or a bad result
because I don't have a prediction on the
outcome except that you know well it
will be better than you're probably
thinking it will be and faster somebody
in the comments says have you heard of
this correct rotavirus thing
somebody says I'm in Hawaii should I
worry less well you probably can't worry
less just because you're in Hawaii I'd
go to the beach if I were you you know
the the beauty of Hawaii is that it's
not very crowded anywhere and or at
least would be easy to avoid anything
that's crowded so you're better than
most people certainly somebody says I am
sensing more recovery talk in the last
day you know if I have to guess I think
things will get better in terms of store
shelves and that the store shelf thing
is such a big psychological you know my
endeavor that if you go into a store and
you can't buy something that's really
that really plays with your head and I
think we're well on the way to that
being not even a problem in a few days
that won't be a thing we talk about
anymore I'm pretty sure because the the
supply chains are really mature really
efficient and it's really just a matter
of you know standing in front of the
production machines a little bit longer
and shipping a little faster so I'm
seeing a lot of people saying what
somebody is saying in the comments I
just just was having this conversation a
lot of people think they have it it's
pretty common but but a lot of people
are wrong so we don't know I guess we'll
learn it you have freelancers laid off
by best clients you know everybody who
has the ability to keep people employed
they they have a responsibility to do it
at this point and certainly that's what
I'm doing so somebody says Trump took
the bait on will there be a recession
question should he have avoided it I
didn't see how he handled that but I
think it would be crazy to assume there
won't be one because isn't it already
happening and it's sort of like it's
raining outside and somebody asks you
hey is it gonna rain today and you're
looking at the window and you're saying
yeah I'm looking out the window so I'm
not sure what the technical definition
of a recession is but yeah we're going
to have several months of suboptimal
economic stuff no way to avoid it
somebody says teens can make a ton of
money delivering yeah you know and
that's one of the best ideas I did I did
an order from door - last night they
have I think I mentioned us they have an
option for Tucker for contact for no
contact delivery you could just specify
him there anything and people will just
leave it at your door and they text you
and say hey it's at your door Trump
should stop commenting on the stock
market yeah well I think the president
has to talk about the financial markets
so I think he has to I'm not sure he's
he's an alien's they at least on that
topic you know I don't know how many
quarters of negative growth because
there's going to be a whole lot of pent
up demand but there will be you know
there may be some businesses that take
longer to come back online and
restaurants might be among them so yeah
I can see why it could last two quarters
but certainly by the second quarter it's
gonna be humming long all right I need
to go and I will talk to you later