ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum hey
everybody get in here quickly before
everybody else gets in because the
people who get here late they miss all
the good stuff they miss the theme song
they miss the simultaneous sip are you
ready
early birds grab your books oh that's
some coffee this should have been warmer
but still delicious so apparently the
economy had a good better than expected
GDP for the first quarter still not
anywhere near that 3/4 percent that we'd
like to see or as president Trump says
could be five or six percent could be
eight percent never know maybe ten nine
twelve percent could be six percent
maybe 20 percent we don't know we'll see
just kidding but he does make us think
about how good it's gonna be which
causes it to be good because it pumps up
people's confidence now I've been
telling you for a while that I would
regard a good result in North Korea and
by a good result means denuclearization
there's there's nothing else that's a
good result
I've been regarding that as the trigger
for the Golden Age you know sort of the
the defining moment where everything
just looked different after that moment
you know and not not just because the
world is different because of the way we
think about things is different and
imagine what could be more powerful well
let me give you an example during the
Kennedy administration you all know the
famously kennedy said we're going to
but a human being on the moon and it was
this great aspirational you know
seemingly impossible task that amazingly
we pulled off anyway and there's
something very powerful about
accomplishing the impossible and also
calling your shot alright so it's sort
of like the Babe Ruth thing you know it
wasn't just that Kennedy was president
and you know got us to the moon you know
with his leadership support but that he
called his shot he you know he the the
fun part was he said see that moon I'm
paraphrasing here see that moon I got to
put a person on that and that he did it
that's kind of amazing right and that
changes how you think about everything
it's sort of it sort of just makes
society work better because your your
concept of what is possible changes and
a lot of what holds people back is not
knowing what's possible alright
President Trump is clearly unbound by
notions of what is possible you would
you wouldn't have done anything that
you've seen him do if he had any normal
sense of what's possible
or even what's appropriate all right
right if there's a box and somebody says
President Trump or before that Susan
Trump hey you know people stay in the
box
whatever the boxes it doesn't matter
even what category of life we're talking
about does it stay in the box
president Trump will be like watch this
dude I'm getting out of my box
watch what happens I'm gonna make it
work anyway so if North Korea goes right
and it's still if right by the way I
want to say again that you have to
assume if this is a normal negotiation
process there could be at least one
major walk away break down you know it's
all gonna fall apart we're gonna build
our nuclear weapons up you're all dead
there there's a good chance not a
hundred percent but you might see
something that looks like it's all going
to hell before you get a good result
that would be just normal negotiating
don't you know don't freak out if you
see that happen okay because that would
just be the normal process should be at
least one point where you're sure it's
all doomed
that means that they negotiated well so
the point is if North Korea comes in and
turns out the way we want our our
understanding of our reality changes now
maybe it's changing already because
people are watching that historic
handshake and the handshake itself is
closer to the beginning of the process
than the end but it feels you know
emotionally it feels closer to the end
than the beginning so it's you know the
way it feels is a little bit opposite to
what was actually happening but you can
feel that already can't you you know did
could you have imagined that you know
Kanye would do a public embrace of
President Trump that at tremendous risk
to his brand all right you didn't see
that kind of so our sense of what's
possible these days is starting to is
just starting to change a little bit now
I know people are gonna say oh well this
isn't necessarily because President
Trump did whatever he did it's that
North Koreans were you know they were
they were gonna have trouble on their
own their mountain collapsed China was
pushing them whatever people are gonna
say but that's not nearly as important
that's the fact that something you
thought probably was impossible just
happened right in front of you and
here's the important point President
Trump called his shot you know I had a
time he said in a tweet Sunday I hope to
be your friend
to North Korea you said to Kim jong-un
in a tweet very soon after the fire and
fury stuff he said someday I hope we can
be friends and he said it in a way that
literally made you laugh and I think
that was part of the technique I called
it down at the time and I said that this
sort of locker room banter is very
humanizing you know it made both leaders
feel like human beings not like you know
some kind of artificial leader thing and
and that it probably made them think
they could deal with each other that the
the casualness and you know the the
hyperbole the you know the the whole the
whole personality that both of them
brought to it I think both of them were
looking at the other and saying hey I
could deal with that guy he's me I'm
watching myself it's it's like I'm
watching the North Korean me you know
and and Kim jong-un is saying if I were
President of the United States I'd
probably be him I think there was a
little of that going on all right so we
have enough people here I promised you
then I was going to have Dale give you
his reaction to the to the news so I'd
like to do my impression of two news
sources number one news source is Fox
News and it would go like this there's a
historic breakthrough in North Korea
you know it's too early to say but good
things look like they're happening
thanks to President Trump by the way the
economy is up and Syria is looking good
that's Fox News now I'd like to give you
see you then the news from CNN is
lawyer' lawyer' lawyer' lawyer' lawyer'
lawyer' lawyer' lawyer' lawyer' lawyer'
lawyer' lawyer' lawyer' lawyer' while
you're alert look North Korea lawyer and
lawyer' lawyer' lawyer' lawyer' play
economy lawyer lawyer lawyer
Lauren Lauren Lauren impeach a beach a
beach while you're a lawyer lawyer
stormy Daniels stormy Daniels Michael
going Michael going and now backs back
to you Fox News an historic summit in
North and South Korea on the DMZ it
looks like a a breakthrough of historic
importance meanwhile the economy is
humming along President Trump on his way
to possibly a Nobel Peace Prize
did you see the I tweeted around there
was one betting site that looked like a
UK by a betting site in which there was
a two to one and it was the highest odds
bet that the Nobel Prize would go to Kim
jong-un and president Trump two to one
do you know what I say about a two to
one odds that Trump and I was it moon
wasn't moving wasn't I think I thought
it was Kim jong-un but let's just say
Trump is on the list I think the odds
are better than two to one
oh it was Kim yeah it should be Kim
there's no question about it
if Kim jong-un pulls this off he is a
great leader he may be a brutal dictator
he may have been done terrible terrible
terrible things that could be true at
the same time if he pulls this off you
know he's a great leader that doesn't
mean a good guy doesn't mean anything
else but he's a great leader if he pulls
yeah you know my take on warm beer is it
seems unlikely that the order to do you
know whatever happened to warm beer
it seems deeply unlikely to me that the
order to do that came from kim janggun
because i'm not sure he care about a
prisoner I'm you know I just don't see
it being on his radar so it's a great
tragedy he's a leader he has
responsibility for what happens in this
country but feels unlikely that that's
something he chose to do all right so
it's starting to look like things are
coming together now when the the Kanye
news hit one of the things were really
the main message from Kanye is that let
him think for himself
let him be a free thinker you can think
and love anybody who wants and at about
the same time I was being eviscerated by
the me the mainstream press for let's
say what are the things they accused me
of they accused me of being alt right
I'm actually left to Bernie they accuse
me of being a men's rights advocate
because I once wrote a blog in which I
made fun of men's rights that makes me a
leader I guess of the thing I made fun
of I know they said I was retired
cartoonist former cartoonist they said I
was a Holocaust denier no in fact I'm
not only just not a Holocaust denier I'm
a double Holocaust er now a lot of
people believe in only one Holocaust
it's like oh yeah that the Holocaust
happened there was one of them not me
I'm a double Holocaust er I believe in
the regular Holocaust as well as the
Armenian Genocide so if you only believe
in the main Holocaust
you're not you're not quite the
Holocaust believer than I am because I
believe in all of that one
plus the Armenian Genocide so I'm a
double Holocaust er so when you see in
the news that I'm a Holocaust denier
that's wrong twice so so the news was
vicious about me but one of the things
that the news said as part of their
attack on me and you may have seen this
tell me if you saw this part of the
attacks on me are that I I'm a regular
guest on Infowars all right so so I'm
reading all the attacks on me and the
press is like he's a regular guest on
Infowars and I'm thinking to myself oh
man I guess going on info horse makes a
lot of the country uncomfortable and
they don't like it at all so naturally I
agreed to go on Infowars this morning so
I'll be on enforce it about a little
over an hour I guess so I'll be talking
to Alice Jones on in fours a little bit
later this morning and I'm gonna like it
more than I've ever liked it you know
they've always been very nice to me they
promote my book I'm happy to talk to
their audience and I think I think
there's something that maybe the the
people who are attacking me for going on
those show are missing about the point
of it all no correct I'll ask Alex if
this is true when I talk to him but I
think this is true fact check me on this
I believe that Infowars asks me on their
show so that I can give my opinion to
them you know not not just the hosts
that I talked to but also the audience I
think that's the model right they invite
me on so that my opinion goes to them
right
why if if my critics are saying that I
should be smeared by associating with
Infowars
I don't think they're missing how this
works they asked me on to hear my
opinion I died they're not asking me on
Infowars to tell me their opinion do you
think do you think Alex said it has a
Scott I do a pretty good impression
Scott which come on divorce and we'll
tell you our opinion that's not what's
happening they're literally asking for
my opinion to their audience now to the
extent that I'm a good influence and I
am and I am a good influence you would
think the world would be happy about
that now like like Kanye who is my
spirit animal I will say I proclaim to
the world that I am platform agnostic
I'm Switzerland I will go on Infowars
I will go on any any publication that
has an audience if an taifa hasn't has a
podcast I'll go on there if black lives
matter invites me over I will go there
and guess what if they invite me it
won't be because anti-fur wants to tell
me their opinion and it won't be because
black lives matter wants to tell me
their opinion if they invite me on the
show it's because I my opinion will go
to them I'm in so-so world stop telling
me who I can talk to I could talk to
anybody I want and if you tell me that
it's obnoxious and inappropriate and an
offence to the world to talk to Infowars
I'm going on Infowars yeah you just
talked me into it
I'll do exactly what you don't want me
to do
if it involves free speech and the
ability to you know interact with
whoever I want to or as Kanye says I'm
paraphrasing why can't you love who he
wants to why why can't I love Alex Jones
even while disagreeing with probably a
lot of you know his opinion you know why
can't I talk to somebody who's ever made
a mistake in my opinion what why can't I
have a conversation with somebody who
did that bad thing that time right most
of you have done something yeah in your
whole life at least something that I
wouldn't like I'm still gonna talk to
you you know I don't want to live in a
world where if I make one mistake nobody
would ever talk to me again do you want
to live in that world by the way I think
the I think the most misunderstood thing
about conservatives Republican /
conservatives is that is the whole
forgiveness part you know because the
the Republican deal is you know Bibles
and constitutions you know we have these
two documents that tell us how to be how
to treat each other how to act and we're
really serious about them all right
Bible and Constitution it's all written
down you know there's some
interpretation issues but basically we
got a dot we got documents to tell us
what to do and then there are laws
created by the courts and we'll follow
that ms1 but the the whole Christian
forgiveness thing it was like you know
we forgive your sin just you know if you
can get on board and from now on you're
good with us that is so powerful and by
the way I'm not a believer all right I
like to die just like that element of
conservatives that you could be you
could be a pretty bad character but if
you clean up your act and and is real
you know you've asked to be believable
but if you clean up your act
what did what a conservatives say we
love you that thing you used to do I
hate that thing but I love you but I
love that you're you cleaned up your act
so and you're seeing you seeing all this
philosophical divide between the left
and the right and I've talked about this
before
and it's getting more and more clear the
the right this is probably backwards
where you're looking at but you know the
right seems to be about ideas not people
you know the Constitution's an idea
religion is an idea you know the rule of
law these are ideas so they're really
about ideas and and that makes it easy
for Christians and people on the right
to forgive sentence because they weren't
judging you individually they were
looking at what you did and if what you
did they hate they're gonna say I hate
it and then if you stop doing that stuff
and do things they like they're gonna
say well now we like what you're doing
and by the way we never hated you
we just hated what you were doing it's a
very functional philosophy on the right
or I'm sorry on the left the left is not
guided by a document all right so the
left is less so I mean there are plenty
of religious people on the left but
they're not somewhat guided by the book
they're not you know I think they see
the Constitution of the United States as
a suggestion so they're not they're not
living a you have sort of a documented
rules you know kind of a guideline for
life and I think what's happened is the
people on the left start to judge people
instead of actions all right you see
that right when people come after me
it seems like they're coming after me
personally they usually refer to
something I said you know so they act
like they're talking about ideas but the
way they talk about it is dismissive so
they don't say of me this is what you'll
never say they never say Scott Adams
said XY and Z and of course that's wrong
because of these reasons maybe somebody
said that but that would be a rare kind
of criticism what they say instead is
he's associated with him for worse he's
he's a he once said that thing that
we've misinterpreted but it's all it's
all I rolling look at that guy if you
look at the criticisms against me
they're you know how I look it's it's
about my my being it's it's almost like
my DNA is is evil and you know filthy or
something so so the people on the left
they hate me as a person the people on
the right are doing a pretty good job of
looking at actions not people these are
gross generalizations there are great
people on the left there are great
people on the right there are bad people
in both groups right these are gross
generalizations but philosophically it
does look like we've lined up into the
left is about are the people bad and on
the right it's is your idea good you
know is your concept good is your
philosophy good you know and that gets
into morality and ethics and stuff like
that both sides care about morality and
ethics but it's a little dicey err on
the left because the left doesn't have a
book in the same way that the right does
it doesn't have a you know more
objective way to look at things so
they're they're sort of freestyling on
the left and you
and you end up defaulting to
personalities it's like I hate that guy
somebody just said the only atheist I
like you Scott
well I'm not an atheist per se the
trouble with being an atheist is that
implies certainty what I'm certain about
is that none of us are good at
understanding our reality so and and I
do think that mathematically the
simulation is probably just done the
math basis of it and the statistical
likelihood of it the simulation is is by
far by a factor of maybe a trillion more
likely than the other explanations by
the way wouldn't hypothetically speaking
wouldn't the best president be somebody
who wasn't a believer I was thinking
about this the other day I think your
best president would be somebody who did
not subscribe to one of the religions
because most of the people in the
country have a religion and they're
going to feel like a I don't like having
a president who's the other religion but
if somebody is a non-believer who is
respectful to religion and and I'm very
respectful wasn't always this is more
I'd say last 10 years evolution for me I
would say that my observation of
religion is that it's a tool and a lot
of people use it for good it makes their
life better makes a world better so I'm
very Pro religion but it really depends
on the person using the religion right
you can't judge the tool the separate
from the the quality of the person using
it they can use it for good or bad so I
don't judge religion as bad or good I
view it as a tool that many people use
for good unambiguously good all right
alright I think that's all I have for
today I'm gonna get back to the Golden
Age get ready to talk to Alex a little
bit later and let's talk again maybe
later today
maybe tomorrow I'll talk to you later