[Applause]
well come on it button there's plenty of
room if it seems crowded could you try
to stay six feet away from each other
please you're you're crowding now you're
getting a little close to each other I
need to control you I need to control
you stay in your homes don't buy guns
well how is it been since last we spoke
here in California
it's a really nice day and I understand
most of the beaches were we're opened oh
my cats being bad if you see some weird
activity up here just assume it's cat
related so would you like to hear about
all the things all the things that are
happening I know you would that's why
you're here let's talk about all the
things so I have a tip for life all
right so this is one of the most
valuable tips you might ever hear now
I'm not sure if it'll work for everyone
it could be that you have to have a
certain kind of personality all right my
cat is getting ready to chase this thing
and she's not gonna leave me alone
unless I throw it well that totally
worked all right so here's the tip I
think I wrote about this as my how to
feel a novel star anything can still win
the big book one of the tricks to stay
motivated and happy and and feeling that
I have meaning in my life or let's stop
right there if I can give you a tip that
would totally work didn't cost you
anything almost no effort really in fact
it's better than no effort the thing you
do would actually just feel good so so
you just have to do so
is easy it feels good you want to do it
and it would give meaning to your life
it would make you happier are you in
anybody anybody alright here's the tip
in addition to whatever else you have in
your life whatever ambitions and
objectives whatever systems or maybe
even goals for some of you no matter
what else is happening in your life I
use this little trick and I've been
using it my whole life and it's great I
like to have one thing going on in my
life that could change the world very
unlikely it will but it might and for my
entire life I've always had at least one
thing brewing then if it worked it would
really work a lot and I didn't care what
it was it could be an idea it could be a
you know book it could be something like
that I think - you know in small ways
some things work my way in the sense
that Dilbert is a household word
you know Dilbert is actually in
dictionaries and people know what that
means so I had a little bit of you know
a little bit of influence on the the
office cartoon world but you know not
not the most important thing in the
world you could change and you know
maybe I've had some some influence here
and my book had a failed almost
everything and still win big I hear
every day from someone who says it
changed their life but the you know
those are individual things but here's
here's that here's my new one and I have
to tell you this because I realized I've
been doing something in public that I
didn't realize was not it couldn't
possibly be obvious to anybody else what
I was doing because sometimes there's an
internal process and that is what I'm
talking about the vitamin D stuff you've
all heard be said there there seems to
be as far as we can tell a high
correlation between how people do when
they get the coronavirus and whether
there
the deficient and this is I think it's
useful and fun to talk about it but also
what if it's true
what if it's true that this is a really
big deal now so this you know at least
for this week this was my one thing so
my one thing was because I have this
this weird platform I can attract all
these people who actually know what
they're talking about so if you see if
you follow me on most of you follow me
on Twitter you see that there are quite
a few doctors and biologists and
immunologists and radiologists and stuff
who are weighing in on questions that I
asked and while I'm since I'm not an
expert on anything I'm really bad at
answering questions but I'm gonna asking
them and sometimes if you ask a question
and you find out nobody has an answer
well you've kind of learned something
and maybe it moves something forward
maybe in the process you connect a few
people who wouldn't have been connected
so when I'm doing this vitamin D stuff
yeah and what I mean by that is I'm over
tweeting and interacting with the whole
topic apparently there's just scads of
examples of where vitamin D is so
strongly correlated that could be
confirmation bias but it looks it feels
real so until we get disappointed much
in the way that I think
hydroxychloroquine might be not the kill
shot that we wanted maybe it helps a
little
I suspect that vitamin D will just be
one of those things that turns out to be
useful but you know not the thing that
changes the world but it might be and
here's why it might be and here's the
little thing that I'm going to add to
the conversation okay now the little
thing about I don't know if it makes
sense I don't know if it's
but remember the context until I find
out it's a bad idea and that what I'm
doing is useless I have I can live in
this fantasy world and this is I'm
deadly serious about this I can live in
this fantasy world where I'm this close
to making something good happen that
would change the world meaning you know
let's say we discovered for sure it was
vitamin D and that caused you know a
fairly easy solution to happen so until
I find out it's wrong I get all the the
chemistry benefit of working on
something that would have great meaning
and purpose now do you get that I can
enjoy the fantasy just like it's real
but at the same time it is real in the
sense that it's not impossible I mean
I've done a lot of things that seemed
impossible before I did them you've seen
a few of them if it turns out that cavil
Harris is the the vice presidential
nominee and then becomes the real
nominee you will see the greatest
prediction of all time so I kind of live
in a world where I have this continuous
stream of experiences that couldn't
possibly be real because there's someone
like Lee so this you know why couldn't
this be another one now here's my little
thing that I'm adding because lots of
other people have done the work of you
know studying the the chemistry and
looking at the correlations and finding
out where there's more or less vitamin D
Elizabeth Bradford I've been tweeting
her all day
she's really looked into it and I kind
of hope that people will fact-checker
and I think a little that's going on so
what I especially on this topic if I
tweet something it's not because I
believe it sometimes I just want to
believe it but I'm looking for smarter
people to say ah this is crap this study
is bad in fact that just happened like
an hour ago
and let me get to the part I'm going to
add when I talk about vitamin D you
reflexively think that what I'm talking
about is they that you would give it to
people to make them feel better or
recover faster I'm not talking about
that I have no idea if that's a good
idea
you know I know it's been suggested I
don't know anything about that so I have
nothing to add to that science you know
the medical community obviously is aware
of vitamin D and you know so there's
nothing I could add to that right
likewise there's this this thought that
maybe if you just supplement and bring
yourself up to some certain level you
might have some immunity so if you were
low even but that might be risky so
maybe you'd be safer and bring it up
because that seems to be the the
correlation / causation but if we've
learned nothing since you've watched my
periscopes if you've learned nothing
it's that correlation does not mean
causation and if there is causation
here's the fun part you don't really
know which way it goes
all you know is one things causing one
thing but you you sort of leap to a
conclusion that the the causation is you
didn't have enough vitamin D so
something went wrong but what if
everybody who's unhealthy in any way has
less vitamin D and all it is is a coat
of like a co marker for somebody who has
bad health
maybe it's the bad health that causes
them not to have much vitamin D maybe
it's the vitamin D shortage that causes
them to have bad health most likely it's
both you know a little bi-directional
meaning that if you're really unhealthy
it's probably hard to get the vitamin D
you want and if you don't get the
vitamin D you want it probably makes you
unhealthy so without being a doctor or
anything close to it it kind of makes
sense to me that if there is any
causation
it's more likely a little in both
directions than it is just hey here's
some vitamin D you're safe from the
coronavirus but here's the fun part it
doesn't matter this is the part that I'm
gonna add because I think there's an
illusion here that people are having
trouble seeing past and I did a terrible
job of explaining it so now I'm going to
nail it it doesn't matter if there's any
causation as long as the correlation is
really strong here's why it would be one
more important indicator to simply tell
you if it was safe to go outside
wouldn't you like one easy to test thing
they wouldn't tell you everything but if
you had good you know a vitamin D level
that was right in this zone you would
just mathematically be a little safer
now and suppose you were a little bit
low well there's no harm and in boosting
up your vitamin D into the acceptable
level apparently there is a way you can
overdose not with the Sun you know if
you get it from the Sun I don't your
body just adjusts but you could if you
were supplementing apparently you could
overdose so so don't overdose but since
there's nothing to lose for optimizing
your vitamin D and there's there's
plenty of science to suggest that it's
important and lots of ways there's
nothing to lose and it might it might
tell you you know who's had a special
risk so if the only thing it did is tell
you who's at risk could be it could be a
big deal but causation I'm not so sure
about that if you wanted to you know
find out for sure about the causation I
think we already have the right data
don't we because you would do things
such as for some reason the not for some
reason I think I have a hypothesis but
so prisons several prisons have tested
at that like 95 to 100
and infection 95 to 100% affection
infection but almost nobody dies and
they're prisoners so what's up with that
here's my assumption first of all and
this Elizabeth Brown was saying this as
well that you know first of all if
you're in prison you probably get some
time outside there are a lot of people
in just the regular world who don't get
any time outside so if you're in prison
you might get a little more Sun then
people are not in prison it's not
entirely impossible I mean I don't know
how often they go outside but if they
get 15 minutes outside they're probably
getting more Sun than most people
secondly it makes sense that because you
can't have a prison that is
intentionally cruel that the food is
probably engineered and in fact I've
read this but I don't know if it's true
everywhere is engineered to have the
right nutrients including they
supplement with vitamin D so the weird
ironic thing about being in prison is it
might be the healthiest lifestyle you
could possibly have because you don't
have stress you know if assuming that
you're not being on being beat up by the
other prisoners or the guards I guess
but I always think most of the time
you're just bored and you probably get
plenty of sleep you have a perfectly
balanced meals because you couldn't eat
anything else anyway so yeah you're
reading books you know you might not
want to be in jail I assume I haven't
been in jail I don't think they're happy
about it but you know the the
unhappiness seems to be primarily mental
so they might be super healthy they got
nothing to do but exercise Annie perfect
food supplemented with vitamin D so you
could just compare that group to a group
that's not that's not somehow comparable
let's say you picked the same
ethnicities same age same gender and
just say all right you're not being
supplemented with perfect food and
you're not walking outside the in the
in the prison yard for 15 minutes a day
how are you doing you know we probably
have all the data we need we just have
to you know find it all right if you are
now subscribing on well I've been
following on Twitter just the real just
the real news which is that at head
snipe 0 1 1 you're missing some great
stories because you know when there are
big stories
there can be other big stories that you
just don't even notice so there's one
that's potentially pretty big story that
doesn't have the zip so you wouldn't
know about it except for just the real
news which picks up a lot of the
government personally stuff so
apparently this guy Randy Weber the
House Science Space Technology Committee
energy subcommittee blah blah blah he's
introducing legislation that's gonna
really boost the nuclear energy business
so it's building a what is it the this
little buzzword that you should know
they're building the the versatile test
reactor that's what it is
so the versatile versatile means that
it's a test reactor that they can they
can test a whole variety of fuels until
they find the one that's the great one
because I guess there are lots of things
that can be tested and need to be but
the ability to iterate is the main thing
that holds back the nuclear energy
business this is something that navall
sent when he was on my periscope a while
ago that unlike something like an iPhone
where you can just sort of crank one out
every year it takes so long to get
approval and build a nuclear plant that
you can't just say well oh that was
almost right let's build us another one
you can't iterate but this versatile a
tester reactor will let them iterate the
far faster than if they were actually
building nuclear plants to see if it
works
so it's such a it feels like the small
geeky thing but if this bill gets passed
and I think there might be enough
support for it if this bill gets passed
it just sort of unlocks the future I
mean it might be enormous you know it's
the fixed climate change if if you're
worried about it if you're not worried
about it it's what's driving you know
powering your electric car in taking
care of your pollution I mean the the
potential is just so enormous that this
little technical change in the system so
this is system versus goal that I always
talk about a goal is to build a better
nuclear power plant but it's hard right
that's why we don't do it so much it's
hard you know in every way politically
funding it you know the technology so
the solution is to build a system
instead so instead of saying let's build
a nuclear power plant which was too hard
not many got built relative to what we
need they build the system instead so
this is what I'm so geeking out about it
because it looks like the thinking about
how to do it is exactly right
and we've never had that before yeah
just in time for oil to become cheap
right somebody says so Ted Cruz
continues to impress me with that I feel
like his political skills are getting
better all the time and they correct me
if I'm wrong he is totally stealing
technique from Trump to put on the show
right because he wasn't always this good
and when I say this good I mean this
entertaining meaning this much of a
showman and it seems to be Ted Cruz is
one of these guys you could you could
easily underestimate I mean came pretty
close to getting you know nominated for
the presidency so maybe you wouldn't
underestimate him
but he just impresses me sometimes in
the way that not too many politicians do
and I always talk about being smart
enough to pick up free money and have a
Trump that's his like his trademark
he'll simply do the thing that nobody
even knew was available he'll just say
I'll take it like for example starting
the space force somebody was going to do
it might as well be him then he'll be
famous for Everest the guy who started
space forces free money so Ted Cruz goes
and gets a haircut from the woman who
was just released by the governor from
jail for opening up illegally at her
little hair rehearsal hunt so Ted Cruz
puts on his mask the cameras are rolling
and he goes out it gets a haircut and
then it comes out and you know with his
mask on gives a gives a speech about
freedom and stuff and I'm not even
invested one bit in the story itself you
know I like you I don't worry but here
to go to jail for something like that
it's ridiculous I'm glad that Texas
corrected took way too long I mean I'm
not sure I can give Texas that much
credit because you know releasing her
and you know fixing it was nice but it
shouldn't have happened in the first
place right so that you can't take that
away so Ted Cruz sees free money now not
everybody had the opportunity because
you sorta have to you know be close
enough that you didn't have to take a
plane or something so Ted Cruz picks up
to free money he gets this great press
you know you have a laugh about it
because it's funny the here's the the
Trump technique Trump has layered out
his skill stack you know there's
knowledge of politics and business and
then he puts on top of it his
showmanship you know the reality TV
thing and his you know showmanship over
his entire career because he's always
been in the public eye and so he makes
it work and it's completely shameless
when Trump does it you know he's putting
on a show
because he tells he's putting on a show
why is that something your finger now
like he is there to entertain you when
he puts on a rally its stand-up comedy
everybody knows it
he it's not it's not accidentally funny
he's there to entertain because he's
he's figured out as Ronald Reagan
figured out that a really good
combination of skills is entertainment
plus politics it's a really good combo
you know president of the Ukraine would
would tell you the same quite a few
people with theatrical backgrounds have
sort of made that work so Ted Cruz
picking up the theatrical chops
impressive
nice move all right so again let me give
you a movie review of the two movies
that are playing then flipping back and
forth between CNN and and Fox News
am I wrong that it's more trippy right
now than it ever has been have you ever
seen it this trippy this matte Gates's
birthday
well happy birthday to magnets so here
are the two movies over on Fox News is
the continuing story of how Flynn was
entrapped by crooked cops who probably
committed treason not cops but you know
say FBI and justice people and that's
the story it was a dirty operation by
crooked people against this poor
innocent guy but justice prevailed
president didn't even need to pardon
pardon him because there was so nothing
there and just like there was nothing in
the Russia occlusion and now it's all
revealed as a hoax maybe some of these
are people are going to jail they're
gonna pay a big price that's movie one
I'd say movie one would be sort of a
drama crime drama wouldn't you say crime
drama yeah
and it looks like the third act is over
because Flynn has you know he's escaped
certain problems I gotta tell you I
didn't think Flynn was gonna get this
exonerated honestly you know I didn't
think what he did was so bad but I
didn't think he'd get completely
exonerated he was a little more
exonerated than I expected
I do however think it was completely
legitimate because the thing he did
wrong he was entrapped in so if you're
entrapped should you do any any penalty
for being entrapped I'd say no in most
cases I don't know maybe there's an
exception not this one so in movie 2
it's it's more like a well some kind of
fantasy science fiction thing or at
least this is how it reads to me so
remember that the whole point of the two
movies is that they're playing on the
same screen at the same time we're
looking at the same facts but getting a
different movie and and the other the
other thing is that you can't tell which
one's a real one the only thing that
matters is which one predicts so see if
there's a difference in predictive power
here so movie two this is one you can
see if you go to see you then
Flynn lied and broke the law and it's
some kind of and this would be MSNBC
would say this - so Flynn was a criminal
yeah clearly broke a law lied to the FBI
that's not a serious crime people gonna
go to jail for that
it's a miscarriage of justice that he's
freed after these crimes he committed
crimes after all a criminal and and he's
freed why you just let a criminal go
well why would you let a criminal go
obviously because the Trump
administration is corrupt from Trump to
bar and bar is just a toady doesn't
think for himself he's just doing what
the president wants it's a miscarriage
of justice I tell you not present in
movie - is they blackmailed him by
saying they were going to put his son in
jail
but movie 2 is silent on the
blackmailing the guy and the threatening
to put his kid in jail in movie 2
he's obviously a criminal he admitted it
he admitted he was a criminal so did the
Central Park five people admit they're
criminals sometimes they are sometimes
they're not sometimes I can't tell the
difference but we all know that people
admit to crimes that they didn't commit
why would Flynn admit to a crime he
didn't commit
could it be the threatening to put his
son in jail the dwindling fortune as he
his entire life is drained out through
through his lawyers could be one of
those things maybe so and then just
before I got out I was like the this is
what CNN is interpreting Trump to have
meant when Trump was talking about the
members of the who was at the pence
assistant and also his valet so they
thought they've tested positive for
coronavirus and so the president was
saying how often they're tested they're
tested every day and he made the point
that you know that one of them was
tested negative one day and then the
very next day they tested positive and
the president was you know saying you
know like that's why doesn't help to
test basically you're saying something
like it doesn't help to test because you
know the very next day could be the day
you're positive now
CNN's interpretation of that is that he
actually means that testing is worthless
and he's crazy it's like tell him it's
the follow-up to he advised drinking
bleach so they're interpreting the fact
that he donated there's a flaw that you
could get it the day after you had
test that's just a statement of fact
it's an actual flaw there to extend that
to say that he thinks that testing is a
bad idea and care work is a pretty big
it's a pretty big stretch
somebody says Bill Gates agrees yes let
me let me connect those dots bill great
Bill Gates does agree that if you're not
doing massive testing like really
available to everybody and they can get
a lot of them you can't test your way
out and we're nowhere near the number
that we would be able to do that so the
president hasn't said that but it's a
big stretch to go from yeah you could
get it the day after the test which
everybody knew was a was it new news was
anybody surprised that you could get it
the day after you got a test I mean you
have to get a Sunday why couldn't that
be true it's like nothing really
happened we always knew you could get it
the day after you get a test so anyway
that's the CNN interpretation did you
see the video of the creepy little
four-legged robot that's patrolling a
park in is it Hong Kong it's a little
robot a four-legged robot that walks
like that crazy dog I don't know there's
a General Dynamics robot and it's really
creepy because it it's got these little
stick paws sex stick stick stick and it
looks like it you know the worst scary
sigh is a sci-fi movie and it's gonna
chase you down and kill you with the
other robot dogs and it's just walking
through the park saying keep your
distance social distance if somebody
says it's Singapore it's not right
is that what the are my notes incorrect
that seems so impossible yes Singapore
it is fact-check correct it is Singapore
so Nate Silver who is really really
interesting in on the coronavirus stuff
now you know I know that
if it were purely political yeah you
would think oh you probably think he's
leaning left whatever well I don't know
I'm not so sure that's true meaning that
he's certainly not he's certainly not
nailed up on the left meaning that if
the numbers go a different direction
these follows the numbers so he does
have it quite independent I would say
largely unbiased of you and we he's
talking about the coronavirus there's
not much bias to be had everybody just
wants it to be better so he says he's
bothered because a lot of stories in the
media that they say the the number of
infections is going up and they say they
don't mention but the number of testing
is going up which of course means the
number that you queue numbers that you
detect is going up because you're
testing or now and and he's just sort of
calling out the various the various
publications and I guess the New York
Times and Monday published the the story
titled s as Trump pushes to reopen
government sees virus toll nearly
doubling any like that headline they
don't mention that the reason is nearly
doubling or at least some part of the
reason is that the amount of testing
probably doubled don't you think that
was court sort of important context well
may silver does so he's been calling
them out for that all right let me give
you a review of the new press secretary
Kelly mcenany you have all of you seen
some of her some of her recent
performances how many has she done now
two or three I've seen bits of some and
I saw a lot of this last one and here is
my review of her performance as press
secretary maybe the best ever maybe the
best ever
and here's why I say that because the
best ever really depends on the the fit
right it's not like there's no such
thing as the best the best press
secretary what what there is is the best
fit for their boss you know the one who
represents their boss to us and while
there there have been plenty of capable
press secretaries I can't imagine a
better fit for Trump than that what
we're witnessing and here's why
same point I made with Ted Cruz Ted Cruz
has upped his game tremendously by
learning from the president to put on
some Shou apparently caitli mcenany now
sort of freed from the confines or four
mirror pondichery that she's famous for
in political seasons she seems to be
free to put on the show and I would love
to know to what extent she actually
talked with the president about it like
I wonder if they had an explicit
conversation where either he suggested
like go big you know just go big maybe
he might have you know put on a show or
did she say do you mind
you know would you mind if I make this
fun or is it just understood cuz you
know she knows who he is he hired her
for a reason you know maybe they just
understand it so I'd love to know what
the conversation was like but if he
didn't catch the some of her performance
apparently what she's her act is going
to date and I think I could watch this
forever by the way so I think she's done
it three times and what it is is she has
some kind of a little press book with
Oliver zingers lined up in anticipation
of exactly what questions are going to
be asked and then she just and that she
waits for the question and she then she
goes to the zinger and they're really
good best singers yet so here are some
of them so one was you know the
president was blamed for underplaying
the virus
at one point early on so you know and
should he apologize for just look like
that and without missing a beat she
flips open a page and she starts reading
off the headlines should the Washington
Post apologize for this headline and
then she reads all these different
anti-trump publication headlines that
totally were said the same thing he said
then it wasn't a big deal was just the
flu blah blah and it's like then she
just smiles and walks off thank you very
much it was like the best ending for a
press conference because it was so
prepared now I think so people tried to
criticize her because it was a prepared
response to which I say a prepared
response that works really well and
becomes the you know one of the main
clips shown on television completely
transmits her point that it was
generally people were generally on the
same page about that same time be they
Trump or be they Trump's critics they
were sort of all on the same page
because we had all had the bad
information from China so it did
everything you'd want to do it it put on
a show
it became the clip that was circulated
it it she executed it perfectly because
she has all this experience from you
know her punditry
etc but you thought you thought she was
done it looks like she had another
prepared one that she landed that I
think was even better so one of the anti
choppers asked the basically wife he had
said bad things about Trump in 2015 when
she was actually I think she was working
on somebody else's campaign and she said
bad things about Trump because he was
just one of the people running and and
they asked her you know why she said
that and now now she's working for him
and if she said that back in 2015 for a
few months you made the mistake of
watching CNN and naively believing it
she says she so she accepted this what
she said that the past was stupid and
wrong but it's because she watched CNN
and believed there is so funny it's
because it's completely compatible with
what CNN was reporting what they what
they what they blamed her for saying was
exactly what CNN was and still does
report so she goes well I just naively
believe CNN and it's so disarming
because this feels like a like a trump
move I swear she studied him or
something because even referring to
herself as being naive for a book yeah
that's that's the disarming part because
you can't say you were Knight oh you
said you were naive okay
you can't even blame her for being naive
because you just yeah what do you got
left like well you shouldn't have
believed CNN no I can't go with you
shouldn't have believed CNN I'll go with
they weren't saying no they were saying
exactly that but I'll go with well you
shouldn't have believed well we kind of
think you should believe whoa
so just took everything off the table it
looked like it was prepared as well and
then she was prepared with this thing
about the no talking I think she just
went after CNN for running with the
Russia collusion narrative and this was
the best I think this is the best little
closer on this so she's going after the
CNN because all of these people said
these horrible lies that we now know her
lies and she was you're talking about
clapper and Loretta Lynch and she
rattles off all these sort of bad people
who were CNN staple guests and and she
says CNN view CNN viewers might be
confused about all this
because I don't get this eat the dues I
mean that's paraphrasing but she said
let's see if that of yours might be
confused i hearing these names cuz it
because they have no idea what's going
on and she's so right CNN view viewers
literally but literally they don't know
what's going on they don't know the
trees happened they actually don't know
it it's not like they've looked at you
know both sides of the argument and
decided they like this one they actually
don't know it what kind of a world do we
live in where an attempted overthrow of
the government that was the biggest
story for three years when we finally
get to the truth the network that's been
promoting it just shuts down the truth
and they hide the facts they still have
to report the basic facts but the way
they're doing it is they're burying it
in other context so you can barely you
can barely pick out the narrative that
they're trying to hide if they do it
really well no almost I'll give them
that
all right that is just about all I
wanted to say Joe Biden so could you be
more amused I don't know how many times
I've laughed at this that the the
Democrats are are so mad about Trump
they hate him so much that they're
willing to back Biden who clearly is you
know I've referred to him as a burlap
bag full of twigs and and hair there's
just nothing in there and the fact that
they would prefer him and they would
even take him and they explain more and
more people are explicitly saying he
might have been a little rapey but we
still prefer him over orange man bad
and to watch them have to throw away all
of their alleged principles to throw
away everything they've ever said about
following the facts using reason picking
somebody whose personality is stable and
you could you know depend on them and an
emergency getting somebody who's finally
smart somebody who's got control of his
faculties they didn't get any of that
yeah I feel as if you could have packed
a room with you know Democrats just say
randomly selected Democrats and you know
throw out I don't want to say throw a
dart because I don't want to make this
violence so throw a ping-pong ball
you know into a roomful of Democrats and
whichever one it hit first Bing just say
you you I don't know who you are but the
ping-pong ball he and they had come up
here here the next candidate for the
president United States tell me the
truth could you pick a better candidate
than Joe Biden that would represent the
Democratic Party better in every way
with a ping-pong ball thrown into a
darkened room packed full of Democrats
who didn't get the memo of God bow to
social distancing right literally every
single person in the Democratic Party
except Hillary baby would be a better
choice I challenge you who Adam Schiff
would be a worse choice maybe well least
he can think he might be corrupt but you
can think all right so I I get endless
entertainment for that there is still
some kind of belief that he can win and
a stranger things have happened right so
much could happen over the summer who
knows but did you see the stock market
today the stock market so by
you know I have a retirement account for
being a small business so my SAP is
actually back to the highest point it's
ever met did you see that comment now my
regular you know other other assets are
nowhere near that but they're not that
far off they're probably ten or fifteen
percent away so they're kind of where
they were out of year or so ago so
basically the stock market is already
backed Trump don't tell me I'm wrong the
stock market has already backed to Trump
because that it wouldn't be high without
this the his his optimism about 2021 and
I keep telling you that the economy is a
psychology machine as long as you don't
have shortages and we're coming into a
situation where we have it extra of
everything extra employees extra space
to rent unfortunately the only thing we
don't have is a lot of credit it will
probably fix that as well so Trump in a
in a world that doesn't have a shortage
because you can't always fix the
shortage easily that's the hardest thing
but if you have all the parts
it's a psychology engine Trump has
already convinced you that 2021
this can be frickin great ask yourself
this is there any chance the stock
market would be as high as it is right
now and it's been pretty solid last few
days is there any chance that would be
happening if the entire financial
community and everybody buy stock had
not decided that when President Trump
said Twenty twenty one is gonna be
frickin amazing they believe it they
believe it right I think they believe it
and and the story is actually quite
believable I actually believe it myself
but here's the cool part you can
actually believe this into reality
the economy is the one thing you can
actually manifest with your thoughts
maybe not you personally but
collectively as long as you're sort of
following the leader in this case the
the president's estimation of what 2020
will look like as long as we're
collectively buying into that it has to
happen because it's the believing it
will happen that allows you to get a
loan you can't get a loan if somebody
believes things are going in the wrong
direction so you can manifest the
recovery with your minds literally with
your minds that's what makes the the
physical stuff happen and the president
has already pulled off a miracle
completely unreported tell me if I'm
exaggerating the president has just
taking the worst economic disaster of my
lifetime and I've been around a while
it's the worst one in my lifetime and he
has convinced you that in a mirror let's
say nine months we're going to be
hitting really good times and people
have believed it it's really really
amazing and I don't think you know I
think people will imagine that they came
to it on their own right people are
gonna say well we you know we've kind of
figured that out on our own that's not
what happened no the president convinced
everybody who has a dollar that they can
invest he convinced them this would be a
good time to do it because if you wait
to next year you've already been missed
the run-up it worked so I've said this
before I was you know a fairly brutal on
the president for some of his early task
force performance you know too much
politics too much about him you know
that law duty list it just it just
wasn't a strong performance some of that
stuff but I've said from the start if
you could pick one person in the
universe to be your president when
you're coming back online and the thing
you need more than and
thing is somebody to tell you 20:21 Wow
it's gonna be amazing and he provided
that he was the right guy in the right
place uh-huh you would not why anyone
else in the universe to be in that job
right now jus alright somebody says I
don't think it's retail investors behind
the recovery I don't know I think it's
everybody I haven't seen a statistics
but I would imagine is fairly broad just
the gas don't know please do sleep
meditation yes I will
it's time for all of you to start
winding down I thought I would end with
that a little bit of feel good news I
think that there's some really good news
ahead of us you can kind of feel it and
tomorrow maybe even tonight you give a
start thinking to yourself is there any
way I could change the world even if
it's unlikely what would you have to do
in a very small way tomorrow could be
just the smallest little step maybe you
look something up maybe you talked to
somebody maybe you just think about it
but what could you do to feel like
you've started something that might
maybe it won't but it might change the
world for the better and then see how it
feels
it'll make you feel like you have
meaning even though it's somewhat
fantasy or is it because you've heard
this said before by somebody smart
somebody somebody will say well one
person can't change the world and then I
forget who said it but somebody smart
said it's always one person it's always
one person who changes the world
because everything starts with one
person and if you think you can't change
the world look at the people who have do
they have something you don't have well
they're different but maybe not maybe
you can be part of changing the world at
the very least we'll need a lot of help
pulling out of this little economic
downturn so I know I can count on all of
you and right now I want you to take a
deep breath from your diaphragm and then
exhale one more breathe through your
nose
deep breath
now exhale feel your body relaxing the
stress leaving you remember your
exercise squeeze your fist as far as you
can until your muscles are exhausted and
then just release it feel how good it
feels then pick another muscle could be
your other hand it could be your arm
whatever order you want to do it squeeze
that muscle then relax it think about
your breathing breathe deeply and slowly
and feel yourself drifting off thinking
about how you just maybe could change
the world and watch how good it feels
you're gonna have a great night's sleep
tonight and when you wake up tomorrow
most of you not everyone of you but most
of you are gonna wake up thinking well I
feel really good today and I will see
you in the morning