[Music]
bum-bum-bum hello Tyler come on in here
everybody get in here while the lights
are still on cuz I'm I'm in a
third-world country right now it's
called California and in California we
don't have electricity all day long no
we have electricity sometimes sometimes
we don't sometimes you can walk down the
street and not step in human feces but
not every time we're not some first
world country here in California but
I've got electricity now for I'm told
another few hours so my electricity is
scheduled to go off sometime around noon
my time and here's the catch there's no
estimate of when they plan to turn it
back on
could be hours could be days are you
freaking kidding me
well I'm gonna drink coffee and enjoy it
anyway and if you'd like to join me it
doesn't take much all you need is a cup
or mug last time Magellan tanker thermos
life's canteen Grail goblet a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the simultaneous hmm
oh yeah do you feel the dopamine can you
feel it that's pretty good it's pretty
good so we got lots of things to talk
about today let's jump right in but
before we do I would like you to join me
for a special moment I've been sort of
bringing you along on this journey in
which I've been been telling you about
my whole book writing experience and I
wanted to share this moment with you the
moment is this so I got this box from my
publisher which I understand to have in
it the first printed copies of my new
book now
if you've never been an author you don't
know how exciting it is no matter how
many books you write it is very exciting
to see for the first time and hold it in
your hand the actual printed final book
and so I thought I would open up my
package and share with you my special
moment got a bubble wrap it comes with a
little note from my publisher it says
Scott congratulations in your finish
book
ba-ba-boom here it is available for
pre-order now on Amazon and everywhere
else that you can pre-order a book get
yours now um it'll actually be on
shelves on November 5th but if you
preorder it now it's good for me now
it's good for me because it boosts it up
the bestseller list and it's good to get
there early now compare the final in all
its beauty to the what we call the
uncorrected proof so this first version
is what gets sent out to writers and
reviewers and people who might say good
things about it so this one comes out
early it's like 98% accurate and then
this one follows look how much better
the final is it's shiny it just looks so
much better anyway
I hope you all do your pre-orders of
that let's talk about let's talk about
the news number one piece of news is
Turkey and the Kurds here's what you
need to know we have no idea what's
going on over there
if you have a strong opinion about
Turkey and the Kurds in Syria
you probably shouldn't because we really
don't know what's happening
it seems to me that the biggest problem
over there is that there's no such thing
as just curds it if they were just one
thing that were the curds that we might
all have the same opinion where at least
we'd have wise opinions but it turns out
you got your bad curds and your good
curds did you know that you got your bad
ones who are terrorists or trained
terrorists you got your good ones who
fight terrorists well we love the good
ones
we don't feel so strongly about the bad
ones because they were sort of training
terrorists or they are terrorists and
apparently there's no there's no dispute
about the fact that there are some good
Kurds and some bad Kurds
so let's agree on that now if we could
support all the good Kurds the ones that
fought with us I'm sure we would do that
here's but we don't know exactly what's
going on or what Turkey is exactly doing
or why they're doing it or exactly what
we're doing and what Assad is doing and
exactly what the Russians are gonna do
because apparently the Syrians have
announced that they're there in the
fight basically the Syrians are going to
oppose Turkey and what we did was get
our fifty-fifty military people out of
the way now the part that people don't
seem to be grokking which we're just
learning is that Turkey was gonna go
anyway
apparently Turkey was gonna do what
Turkey was gonna do on the border
whether our 50 people who were not
terribly important to their plans were
there or not so what the president did
is not give them the green light rather
they were gonna do it anyway and he got
out of the way so in other words there
was no reason for our troops to be there
because they weren't gonna stop what was
going to happen but they could get hurt
so there just wasn't any purpose for
them to be there if you understand it in
those terms
and by the way that could turn
to be wrong it could easily turn out
that what I just said has no factual
basis because everything is sort of
still fog of war and and you know it's
all moving parts right now so there's
one there's one future where Turkey
simply creates a safe zone and that the
Kurds who are already in that area are
not too happy about it but we might be
happy that there's a safe zone created
apparently Turkey was tired of waiting
for the United States to be productive
in creating this safe zone so they just
said well there's gonna be a safe zone
you're either part of the problem or
you're part of the solution America so
maybe you know get out of the way so we
don't know if turkey is version of the
safe zone is really just a kill zone for
Kurds or are they really just trying to
protect their own border and they don't
have ambitions of wiping out large
populations certainly people are gonna
get killed because it's a military
action but I'm very confused about who's
doing what and what will happen will
this Pitt Russia against Turkey if it
does kind of glad we got another way
will Turkey will Turkey cross the line
and risk their entire economy to kill X
number of Kurds that they can get their
hands on maybe I did a little
unscientific poll on Twitter and asked
people do you think Turkey will
essentially sacrifice their entire
economy to get some advantage in in
wiping out the Kurds just in that one
area it wouldn't serve it wouldn't solve
their current problem it would just be a
certain group of them would they trade
their entire economy for a certain group
of Kurds or are they smart enough not to
do that and they might get close to the
lie and they might kill more people than
then you know we think should
be killed or we would want to be killed
it might get more bad guys than good
guys we don't know what that's gonna
look like or are they just calling
Trump's Bluff do they think it's a bluff
maybe they say to themselves you know
we're never gonna get a chance like this
to kill so many Kurds so maybe it's
worth the risk of taking taking a you
know calling his bluff oh let me pause
right here for for a conflict of
interest statement I have a large
investment in Turkey now it's just a
stock investment and it's specifically
stock in the Turkish mobile phone
company Turk cell yesterday when all the
American stocks were down Turkcell was
up of all things you know what the
President Trump was was threatening to
obliterate their economy like he's done
before and the Turkish mobile phone
company stock went up today it's down a
little bit yeah it's just a percent
you're there so it's no big deal
so anyway the my conflict of interest
statement is that I have an investment
there which if the president goes
through with his threat to whack their
economy is gonna be very bad for me not
change my life bad but for that
particular investment really bad it's an
investment I've had for years that I got
simply because mobile phone companies
always succeed in the long run if they
have kind of a monopoly and Turkey is an
educated growing economy but they've had
problems you know obviously government
problems and now this so there's a big I
certainly would not recommend that you
own that stock nor would I recommend
that you sell it because you should not
take any financial advice whatsoever
from cartoonists so having said that my
interests financially are opposite of
what I'm going to say right now
even though I have a sizable investment
in a Turkish company that would be just
really hit hard
you have Trump moved against the Turkish
economy I'm in favor of it you know if
we make a threat like that the United
States does you have to go through with
it
you have to do you have to pay that debt
so the the the challenge has been made
if turkey crosses the line we will break
their economy that's gonna hurt me I'm
not gonna like that I'm gonna keep I'm
gonna hold the investment anyway because
it's a very long-term investment
you know it's sort of that 20 30 year
investment but I don't like it but I
still think we have to make good on the
threat and I would bet if I had to be a
betting person that they will cross
alone and then we will have to crash
their economy so that you know I'm not
gonna say that's a hundred percent but
I'd say we're looking at probably a
seventy percent chance that the Turkish
economy will be obliterated probably a
70% chance because I don't see them
holding themselves back and I don't see
Trump not making good on the threat so I
think I think the die is cast in the
sense that they will go too far and we
will crash their whole fricking economy
that's what I think 70% chance that 30%
chance is in the god anything could
happen because once you've got the
Russians and the Syrians in there and
Iran will be in there who knows you know
a couple of different Kurd groups Turkey
anything could happen all right let's
talk about impeachment there's a new
story today about apparently john
sullivan has the scoop that the the US
government new ukraine was planning to
look again into verismo holdings in
other words somebody in the US
government
don't know exactly who knew that
somebody over in Ukraine in the
prosecutor's office was planning to look
into Purisima long many months before
president Trump brought it up at the
phone call brought it up so that would
sort of change how you look at the
situation but probably won't change it
that much and here's why when you say
that the US government knew what does
that mean
doesn't mean Trump knew that Ukraine was
gonna look into Bruce Lee is that what
it means hmm
no it means some at least one person at
least one person in the whole world was
aware that Ukraine was taking a second
look at barista so it doesn't really
change what the president knew were sad
unless there's additional reporting this
says even Trump knew or even his
advisors no one should have told them
but that's not an evidence all we know
is that somebody knew so we've got some
dots that aren't quite connecting here
but might yeah maybe later they will
connect so and what does it mean that
they were thinking about looking into it
or they were looking into barista is
that the same as saying that they were
looking into the Biden participation in
Purisima it's not it's not and it's
probably not that unusual for a major
company to be in the target sites of the
prosecutor especially in Ukraine where
there's so much rampant you know bad
behavior so on the surface it feels like
it's important to know that when the
president asked Ukraine to look into
burries m'a you should be important to
know that months ago they had already
decided to do it but does it really
matter if the president didn't know it
or if they were what they were gonna
look into wasn't exactly about the
Biden's which was our primary interest
meaning the countries as well surpressed
or that they weren't actually acting on
their preference to look into it it's
possible they said yeah we're gonna look
into it and just input a resources on it
so I would say that this new reporting
is important it's it's part of the
puzzle good to know and good work by
John Solomon getting that scoop but I
wouldn't over interpret it as being some
kind of a kill shot for one side of the
other I think it's more of a mmm that's
interesting let's find out more about
that until we do it's hard to have an
opinion on it apparently we're pulling
out of the Open Skies treaty which I
didn't even know existed until yesterday
and you're probably saying to yourself
what exactly is the Open Skies treaty
and why are we pulling out of it well it
has something to do with sending
surveillance aircraft over other
people's territory and the idea is that
we're all safer if we can all keep an
eye on each other so even Russia for
example would allow that we would have
some kind of high-level surveillance
flights spying on their country they
might be doing the same thing with us
everybody's looking at each other
probably keeps you safer yeah you know a
watched situation is gonna be a little
bit safer than if there was something
you can't keep an eye on that was the
thinking and apparently we're pulling
out why are we pulling out I don't know
beats me
was something going wrong I looked at
the reporting this morning I didn't see
any reason now that doesn't mean there's
no reason one assumes that there is a
reason but I don't know what it is so if
you have a strong opinion about whether
we should pull out of the Open Skies
treaty you might be reading different
news than I am because because I don't
see the reason yet and of course there's
always accusations that Russia is
cheating because they wouldn't let us
fly over some zone but I don't know how
having new treaties going to make that
better so I don't quite know how that
all fits together all right
the Trump announced that the u.s. is
putting visa restrictions on Chinese
officials who were responsible for quote
brutal suppression of Muslims so those
sanctions are on individuals in China
who summit somehow are complicit and
detaining the weaker Muslim minority
over there now could there be any better
thing that the president could do for
reelection is is the president using
this issue just to get reelected because
what could be better for the president
than to be vocally and visibly
supporting a Muslim minority yeah that's
pretty good right it's pretty good
because it works against the whole idea
that he's anti-muslim yeah he's putting
US interests on the line to protect a
Muslim minority in another country I
mean that's how do you explain that if
he's anti-muslim it's hard to explain
because remember he's he's a good
buddies with President Xi it would seem
easy for Trump to agree with his good
buddy I'd better get rid of that problem
but instead use decided to back the
Muslim minority how do how do the none
of the Democrats process that how does
that make sense in their movie now in my
movie it makes perfect sense because in
my movie he was never an anti Muslim at
any at any time and sure enough he's
acting in a way today on this Weger
situation which would suggest he's not
anti Muslim so my movie is completely
consistent but how does how does the
other movie doing where he hates Muslims
but he's putting America
American interests on the line to
protect them in another country it has
no strategic value to us whatsoever and
he's putting America America's interests
on the line you know to support them so
politically it's brilliant it might also
be good in terms of our trade
negotiations but I'll tell you what is
really good for you know what is really
good for it's really good for cats on
the roof now if you got none of the cats
on the roof I'm gonna use this this I
guess you'd call it a eight it's based
on a joke but it's an interesting
concept that the joke represents and the
the joke is that you know the brother
says the cats on the roof and well
though I'm not gonna tell the joke but
there is a joke it's based on and the
reference to cats on the roof is a way
to tell somebody without telling them
the bad news right away
you're softening somebody up for the bad
news later which is the cat died but you
don't want to say the cat died so you
say oh the cats on the roof we're trying
to get it down oh the cat fell it's not
the vets the vets working on it and then
you know the third day say the cat
didn't pull through it didn't make it
and then the punch line of the joke is
that you know your mother's on the roof
so softening you up to tell you that
your mother is gonna die I feel as
though when the president goes hard at
China for the we Gers it has you know
political benefits as you know just
moral benefits because it's supporting a
a beleaguered group but it's also a
little bit the cats on the roof meaning
that the president is softening up in
this country the United States for
decoupling decoupling is happening
I mean we're watching it so you don't
have to ask yourself will we decouple
from China
it's happening we're doing it right now
you're seeing companies move away from
China you're seeing companies that
unless they're crazy they're not going
to move into China
what what what American company that
depends on stockholders who could move
into China now it would just be the
worst play ever
so decoupling is happening it may not be
you know cut the cut the cord on day one
but it's gonna deep you know we are
decreasing our reliance on China over
time and that's decoupling so when the
president throws this Uighur thing in
there it's good on lots of levels you
know morally politically but it also
softens up the the local people you know
the United States and citizens it tells
us that we're leaving you know it's sort
of like better find your phones because
we might be leaving soon so cats on the
roof similarly I made that joke because
Bernie Sanders came out and he gave a
little press conference where he was he
was not looking too too healthy but he
was you know he was standing and walking
and talking and he said he was of course
going to pull back on some of the rigors
of his campaigning schedule now how do
you interpret that I don't see any
future in which Bernie works hard and
goes all the way and gets the nomination
I can't believe that birdie necessarily
sees it but he also just doesn't have
the kind of personality worth quitting
even for a reason that other people
would say is a good reason he doesn't
really have that quitter personality
which is partly why you like him right
I have a very positive opinion of Bernie
for his hard work his consistency he
doesn't seem to have done you know hit
by too much in the way of scandal
and I believe that he is passionate and
believes that what he's promoting
policy-wise would be good for people so
I have a very high opinion of Bernie on
a lot of levels which is different from
saying I think that his plans will work
but he's moved the entire Democratic
Party in his direction it's an amazing
accomplishment amazing and I think that
someday everybody will have health care
and education will be free one way or
another maybe just through normal
capitalist ways but someday somebody's
gonna say you know Bernie pushed us
there a little bit faster made it a
higher priority but I mean I tweeted it
and I said the cat's on the roof and
people unfortunately interpreted that as
me being that you know Bernie wasn't
gonna live that long and that's not what
I meant
in that context the cat's in the roof
meant that when Bernie says I'm gonna
pull back on my campaign schedule a
little bit of course he's sort of
softening us up for understanding that
he's gonna put you know a maximum fight
into it as much as you can but you
should sort of expect him to you know to
look at the poll numbers fairly soon
it's gonna take a few more poll results
they'll probably wait until there are a
few more poll results and then you'll
say you know I'm not pulling well and I
don't have the energy to change it so
this is a good time for me to drop out I
just think he's looking all I think
Bernie wants to do is to go out on his
own terms now has burning earned it as
bernie earned the right to go out on his
own terms
yeah yeah yes he put him to work Bernie
earns the right to go out on his own
terms so if he was staying for a while
and have sort of a graceful graceful
exit that's determined by the poll
numbers I think I feel flexible about
that I would not I would not criticize
him for that I think he earned that
right
all right when one more thing about
Turkey a lot of people have what I would
call a half pinion about Turkey and the
Kurds a half pinion is where you're only
looking at either all the costs of
something were all the benefits of
something and you're just ignoring the
other half of the equation and so the
people who say we should we should not
be pulling those 50 people out what are
they suggesting instead because remember
there's a 400 year history of the Turks
and the Kurds being at each other's
throats are we gonna stay there for
hundreds of years is that the
alternative because if it is then we
should be able to say that so if
somebody says I think it's good that we
pulled out they could say the cost is
there's a risk to the Kurds that's a
pretty big cost to the United States as
well because that if if the Kurds get
wiped out it's gonna look like we're
unreliable as allies and that could hurt
us later that's a big deal
but the people who say we should stay
that make first of all the mistake of
thinking would stop the Turks I don't
think you will that was the whole point
our military has sort of announced
essentially the official word from the
government is Turkey was going to do
their thing either way and our 50 people
were just not going to be the factor
that stopped them so better to get them
out of the way but for those who think
it would have made a difference to keep
them there or think that we should put
more people there so the turkey really
is stopped what is your full opinion
because you can't say let's keep them
there until Tuesday you kind of have to
say for hundreds of years because
whenever we leave it just goes back to
Turkey attacks the Kurds and vice versa
so I don't know that there's a valid
opinion that says stay unless you finish
the thought and say stay probably for
hundreds of years
if you can say that with a straight face
well that's a full opinion now there's
sort of a mid-range there where you say
we should stay until the situation
changes in some way that we can get out
but if it doesn't change we will stay
there for hundreds of years is that is
that what we want to do if it is people
should be able to say that and just say
this is my full opinion we should stay
and if we have to for hundreds of years
that's the other opinion that's the
opposite of we should we should get out
of there all right let's talk about
let's talk about interfering in China's
domestic affairs are we interfering in
China's domestic affairs when we
sanction people for their treatment of
the wiegert's now I'm in favor of that
I'm all in favor of the sanctions and
whatever else we do to China but are we
interfering with their domestic politics
oh yeah at what point do you say that's
not legitimate is it is this such a bad
situation there's an exception is it an
exception I don't know it certainly
seems like it's gonna make a difference
it certainly seems like it's designed to
manipulate their political process how
is that not meddling it's like the most
meddling thing you've ever seen in your
life and why is it that when we do it we
don't even notice that is meddling it's
like it's like we don't even notice
we're meddling the piss out of everybody
and guess what their meddling right back
I don't know it we're we're a meddling
world I don't think there's any such
thing as no meddling all right I'd like
to tell you how Bill Gates is fixing the
world
and I think I'm completely serious about
this
but you'll decide you should watch the
special on that netscape called inside
bills brain so it's called inside bills
brain and says three or four part
documentary about Bill Gates and it's a
very positive presentation of Bill Gates
and I was wondering why Bill Gates gave
so much of his personal time to this
project because he it's obviously spent
a lot of time with the interviewer and
did lots of lots of interviews and you
walk around with him and spend all kinds
of time with him and that seemed
opposite of what I imagined
Bill Gates was all about now obviously
he does lots of public events but it
seemed unusual that he would do one
that's sort of about him that seemed
completely off-brand didn't it and did
you wonder about that's like why would
Bill Gates be such a big part of this
project on the thing that's just sort of
about him just the opposite of how you
imagined him he just is more about
business and getting things done not
about self aggrandizement
and then I watched it and then I
understood it and so on its surface yet
there's a way more going on than you
think
so here's here's the deal so most of its
focused on his current and his current
life as a philanthropist and the Gates
Foundation there's there's not so much
about to use Microsoft past if you want
that stuff that would be some other
content so they talked about his
spending billions to try to build you
know toilets that don't need running
water for the third world and and in
sewage processing it's it's hard to
watch that part of the documentary
because they show you a lot of sewage
and it's more than I wanted to look at
but it's important to make the point of
how important it is apparently there
were just lots of people dying in Africa
from diarrhea the diarrhea was caused by
the fact
that their water source and their toilet
source were the same place as awful as
that sounds right there their sources of
water and their sources of bathroom was
literally the same place so they were
picking up all these bugs because of
that unhealthy situation and because
they don't have access to good medicine
just people were dying from diarrhea so
Bill Gates took on probably the hardest
problem in the world the most disgusting
unpleasant the thankless problem anybody
could ever work on and he's made some
progress but it's a big problem he did
develop a toilet that met those
specifications they did develop they
built a waste processing plant that
doesn't require electricity or running
water amazing and they've actually
installed it in one one city in Africa
and apparently it works
so what it does is it creates its own
electricity from the waste
let's put into it it uses that
electricity to process it and and the
only output is drinkable clean water
amazing but and then the other thing
he's working on Bill Gates is Radek
ating polio which turned out to be a
much harder problem for a variety of
reasons and but he's you know putting
billions into it he's dead set on
getting rid of polio it just is way more
work than it looked like and he's gonna
put in work but that's not what I'm
talking about
those two efforts are amazing and if and
if that's all he ever did you you know
he's a he's just a treasure to the world
Bill Gates is if all he did all he did
like like you and I are doing that if
all he did was eradicate polio if all he
did was bring you know clean water to
these places in Africa that otherwise
wouldn't because of the waste those are
gigantic but there's something bigger
he's doing something much bigger and I
didn't understand the Netflix special
until I put all the pieces together and
it looks like this
Bill Gates also has been working on
developing through
his company terraPower a generation four
nuclear plant that would fix all of the
problems of traditional nuclear power
those problems are it could melt down so
they they made a design the camp if it
loses power it just turns off it can't
melt down by its design it doesn't have
the ability to MIT to melt down secondly
it uses for fuel spent waste from other
nuclear reactors and it could use it for
hundreds of years just the stuff that's
already waste so it reduces nuclear
waste it doesn't have the risk of
meltdown by design and you're ready it's
economical that's the trifecta now you
save yourself great
let's start building them remember this
is completely designed so it's been
designed on supercomputers and stuff
they have to actually build it but it's
completely designed there are there's no
stuff left to design so Bill Gates was
planning to build the first one in China
because China is very Pro nuclear
they're building a lot of their own and
he got approval to do it in China and
then trade war then President Trump
declared a trade war which I know and
that nuclear project got killed because
it just isn't possible to do it in China
right now it's the most important thing
in the world if you believe in climate
change if you don't believe in climate
change as being a problem it's still the
most important thing in the world here's
why if you could bring down the cost of
electricity and provide it to all the
people who don't have it especially the
poor then what you do for poor people
and for the economy in general is huge
and what it does for reducing pollution
because you could get rid of your coal
plants and the ones that are really
killing people is gigantic we're talking
about saving millions of lives you
if there's no climate change because if
you get rid of the polluting sources I
think there were a hundred thousand
people a year or something or killed by
coal if you just sort of generally
calculate how much extra pollution it is
and how many extra people died there are
just millions of people dying from
pollution and more millions of people
dying that didn't need to from poverty
and having low-cost energy would go a
long long way toward reducing poverty so
here's our situation and you're probably
starting to put some some you're
starting to connect the dots a little
bit but let me finish the picture so
Bill Gates does a special that's
unusually personal and completely out of
character why okay so connect the puzzle
why does he do this special and then you
find out that his plan to save the world
yeah I'm exaggerating but maybe not much
by having clean safe economical nuclear
power has been thwarted by politics what
is the one thing that Bill Gates is
really good at it's not politics
that's not his strength what he did is
what he's good at
he put a ton of money into a risky thing
that was entrepreneurial it required
innovation and technology and damn it he
made it work he actually made it work
Bill Gates invented clean economical
safe nuclear power and he can't get a
test site running now just to be clear
we don't know that if he built it it
would work just the way it was designed
it might take an iteration or two to get
it right but they're pretty confident
they got it right or close enough that a
few tweaks will get you there
so now do you understand why Bill Gates
allowed a very personal that Netflix
special about him he used this to solve
the politics so here's what happened he
puts out this special and he simply
makes it entertaining and he puts a lot
of personal stuff in and so we'll watch
so then I turn it on and I watch and I
say are you freaking kidding me that the
only thing stopping us from having
economical safe nuclear power is that he
can't get through the licensing process
in this country and then I said to
myself well how could I help and so I
sent a message to Mark Snyder our
resident nuclear experts slash advocate
and they said do you know anybody at
Terra power I could talk to you maybe I
could help because if all we need to do
is convince people to do something
differently well I'm good at that maybe
I could help and so mark contacted
somebody on LinkedIn who was an
executive at Terra power and with the
intention of asking him to connect with
me now I haven't made that connection I
don't know if I will but look at all
that all the dots lined up Bill Gates
solved the engineering and the economics
of safe nuclear power and he can't get
the licensing and in his own country he
had to go to China to even get approval
now do we have a president who could
solve that problem yup now you say to
yourself close Scott Scott Scott nobody
can solve that problem even a president
couldn't solve that problem because the
problem is just problem with red tape
and this the states and it's not really
a federal problem anyway it's about the
states and it's the bureaucracy and
there are reasons and variables and and
even the president couldn't solve it
it's that hard to solve well we don't
have an or
president we are blessed or cursed
depending on your point of view with the
most unique president in the history of
presence and there's one thing that this
president can do that other presidents
can't do what he can do is the stuff you
can't do who was it who could move her
our embassy to Jerusalem nobody
and then Trump did it who could get
elected president with no experience in
politics
nobody well but then Trump did it who
could remove us remove our troops from
Syria nobody it's impossible well Trump
just did it
who could start a major trade war with
China and convince to this country that
maybe we should stop doing trade with
them at all nobody except Trump just did
it how many times you have to see
something they can't be done and then
watch the Trump do it right in front of
you he's the president who can do it so
here's what it comes down to you and I
because you're you're part of my my
system right now you and I are gonna try
to find somebody a terraPower to talk to
you maybe you find somebody maybe I find
somebody and we're gonna find out if we
understand the problem right because
that's the first thing you know I want
to understand if the real problem is
that there's an entity or groups that
are dragging their feet if we can find a
person whose job it is to make this
happen and they're not getting it done
that person probably needs some help
maybe they need a bigger staff maybe
they need more freedom from mistakes
maybe they need somebody to you know do
some kind of an executive order or to
clear out some paperwork we're gonna
find the person and it might be just one
person maybe a few but maybe just one
we're gonna find the people or person
who is stopping Bill Gates from solving
the biggest problem in the world
if you think it's climate change or even
if you don't we all we just still need
clean power so Bill Gates found a way to
weaponize the topic just right because
it's hard to imagine how hard it is to
change people's minds about nuclear
power imagine how hard it would be to
break that red tape the way to do it is
to focus an immense amount of energy at
exactly the right point like a laser you
know you got a lot of energy but it's no
good unless it's focused and what Bill
Gates did was he just by doing the Neph
like netflix thing I'm pretty sure that
his real intention was not the self
aggrandizement in other words I don't
believe that Trump that Gates did it
Bill Gates so that we would have a
better impression with Bill Gates now it
did have that effect I mean you watch
that special and you come away thinking
he might be the greatest person who ever
lived he might be the smartest - you
actually will think that when you walk
away you think I don't know you might be
the greatest human of all time I
actually went away from the special
thinking that's like well you know it's
kind of hard to rank all humans but he
might be the best of us he might be and
he just created a situation where if we
helped in the right way we can solve his
last remaining problem which is he can't
get it approved in the United States I
think we can do that for him he set it
up I mean he set it up all we have to do
is execute so let's find a terraPower
executive who will talk to us confirm
exactly where the problem is and then
we'll do what we can to put the energy
from the government if President Trump
could be helpful I know that you would
at least listen to the listen to the
story now here's the fast way to do it
put Bill Gates and Trump
in a room together with nobody else just
you know there could be other people but
you know the point is those two people
had room to talk a nuclear power don't
you think that Bill Gates sitting room
with President Trump could get a nuclear
plan approved I mean maybe they have to
put it in someplace remote you know
maybe it's not the ideal location or
something but don't you think they could
get that done I think they could so
that's positive if those of you who are
following me on Twitter might know that
I keep trigging triggering this
cognitive dissonance trap and then
watching people fall into it and the
trap goes like this Piers Morgan was
saying something at Twitter that I
responded to about transgender athletes
and I keep saying this I say wouldn't it
be better if instead of having leagues
for women and leaks for men and then the
transgenders are you know are something
we have to fight over wouldn't it be
better to just say anybody can play at
whatever level their abilities allow so
that would mean that the only people who
play in the NBA are very tall best of
the best men and all the rest of the men
in the world don't get to play in the
NBA so a hundred percent of woman women
would not play in the NBA under that
model and 99.999 percent of men would
also not play in the NBA now there would
be no women's league under this model it
would just be leagues and if you were
lower down in the leagues and some of
them might have men and women and
transgender athletes etc and it would be
fine because whatever league they're
playing in would be competitive with the
people on that team now what is the
biggest complaint that people say when I
say what I just said which is get rid of
men's sports and get rid of women's
sports and just have as many leagues as
you need
so everybody can find a slot where they
work what's the biggest complaint people
say Scott you idiot I got called an
idiot about 20 times this morning alone
you idiot you idiot
Scott well I have to I have to go full
day like this this is what they say to
me when I say don't have men's and
women's teams just have you know as many
leagues as you need so everybody can
find one that they fit into they say to
me don't you know Scott that men are
biologically larger that women Scott if
they're playing on the same team the men
will just hurt them and it won't be fair
to which I say that has nothing to do
with my idea because in my idea you
don't join the team except the one that
you won't get hurt and the people are
roughly as good as you are they might be
men might be women could be anything
they're just the same level so what do
people say when I say no no there
wouldn't be any women's team that has a
transgender athlete on it there would
just be teams what do they say
Scott Scott don't you understand that
men are bigger than women I don't know
what to do with that I can say a
thousand times yes my preferred solution
is that everybody plays with people who
are their same level in all cases and
somebody will still say I'm an idiot
because then a 200-pound man will be
playing against a hundred pound woman to
which I say no never that will never
happen because they wouldn't play on the
same team so the reason that I enjoy
this topic is because it triggers people
like crazy and the triggering I find
amusing and educational because you
watch where their blind spot is and they
can't see it but it's easier to see from
the outside and here's the blind spot
that triggers people there has never
been any good reason for male and female
separated leagues so that's that's the
reason that people can't see what's so
obvious in front of them so they're not
disagreeing or agreeing with my opinion
they actually can't see it because
they're starting from a place that there
must be male sports and female sports
and somebody said you know the whole
reason for that so that you know women
don't get hurt they're not you know
competing in these male sports and
getting hurts and I said that's not the
reason in the comments tell me the
reason for male and female sports what's
the reason why is the reason we have it
now because I said we just get rid of it
the reason is just politics
the reason is power and politics women
as a group wanted it so they there were
enough women to get what they wanted
what if all the men who were under five
feet tall
decided to organize and say no every
school and every professional sport
should also include people who are under
five feet tall and we want our own leak
because we can't compete with large land
and we can't even compete with large
women were under five feet tall so
shouldn't we have our own league to
which I say well it makes as much sense
as anybody else having their own league
but you don't have the power the only
reason that short men don't have their
own sports leagues is because they don't
have any power they're not organized
nobody cares at all so once you dispense
with the fact that there should be male
sports and female sports there was never
a reason for that and now people said to
me put Scott that means that a woman can
never win first place how is that fair
that the only person getting first place
like the best of the sport is gonna be a
guy how is that fair to which I say how
was it fair now I'm not in first place
if I become a professional boxer do I
have a chance of being first place if I
join the NFL do I have do I have a first
chance at being the on the team 99.999%
of all men can't make the team if we're
talking about the high level teams and
the hundred percent of women can't is
there really a problem if men and women
are so similar that 99.999% of men are
in this situation that's the same as a
hundred percent of women is that it's
different I mean it's different by point
zero zero one but still there are only a
few special people who get to be number
one at all does it really need to be a
number one man and a number one woman
and secondly the market would adjust and
you would still have the best woman in
the world people I used the Serena
Williams example so I'll use that let's
say we got rid of men's diss and women's
tennis and it was just one ranking that
would put serene that let's say let's
say she's number 400 in the world maybe
it's a thousand whatever it is do you
think there would be no interest and
watching Serena play if she was exactly
the same person she is now but instead
of being number one in the women's
league she's number 600 in the league I
think there's still a market because
that whatever reason you wanted to watch
her play before why is that change I I
would think it would be exciting to
watch a woman compete whether she's
competing against a man or a woman if
you if you're handicapping it in your
mind for the fact that you know you know
that if it were Nadal or a man that they
would be even better now let me give you
this analogy when my stepdaughter used
to play soccer in high school I would go
and watch those games and they were
super entertaining more entertaining
than professional
sports I loved watching high school and
junior high girls compete it was great
it was every bit as fun and entertaining
as watching a professional man's team
play so why would that change like I
would still enjoy watching them play at
any level so yes it would be it would be
worse for a very small number of women
the ones who could be the best in their
sports it would be worse for them too
instead of being number one to be number
600 but do you care
I mean if it's let's say better for some
transgender folks but worse for Serena
Williams it's about a push I know seems
about the same fairness wise anyway I
haven't seen it yet in the comments but
I guarantee you there's somebody in the
comments who's gonna say to me Scott
you're so stupid because that means
large men would be playing with small
women and hurting them no no not saying
that alright somebody says it would be
worse for all women how tell me one way
that it would be worse for all women
again I'll use my stepdaughter as an
example she did not play it on this
school team she played in a recreational
league and so instead of sitting on the
bench on the school team she got to play
every game and and do well against
people her level in a recreational
league was that bad for my stepdaughter
that she didn't get to be on the
school's team sitting on the bench no
she made friends she had discipline she
learned sports she had teamwork she got
every benefit you could get at the level
she was playing
it was a competitive fun to watch it was
everything there was nothing missing
sure there are a few few people who
would not get to be the star of high
school on the team who cares just the
one person who didn't get that right so
yeah I won't say it's unfair I will say
it'll be different and some other people
would get advantages and some others
would not so we we sort of fetishize
sports like they're far more special
than they are they're not that special
you can have a recreational league that
you played just for fun
and you get all the benefits all of them
in fact better benefits because you're
more likely to play the entire game and
if you try to get in the competitive the
sport only a few people get to be
starters all right somebody says which
is better for self esteem by far the
recreational leagues there are some
people who would have better self-esteem
by competing at the highest level on a
woman only team all the rest are better
off playing on a team with people that
are friends and the same level so the
only reason I like this topic is because
it triggers people into a hallucination
of what I'm saying
so that they can maintain their
disagreement but the thing that causes
the blind spot is that they can't see
there was never anything but a political
reason that there were ever two
different leagues one for men and one
for women it never made sense from the
beginning it was simply something that
people wanted so they got it they had
the power they wanted it they got it and
I'm not even saying there's anything
wrong with that I'm just saying that you
know well let me be more clear about
that there are things that make sense at
a certain time and place I think it was
good and beneficial the women got their
own leagues and then got to compete and
it got to be athletes and and all that
so I think the way it is and the way was
designed to be totally positive
I also think you need to rethink things
now and then and we've reached a point
where there's everybody understands that
women can be athletes right it wasn't
long ago that the idea of a woman
playing a sport would just seem like at
a place but we're not in that place we
were way beyond it now everybody
understands there are male athletes
female athletes transgender athletes
they're just athletes so once you're
once your society has moved past the
question of hey can a woman play a sport
whoa I didn't know women could play
sport whoa once you've moved past that
into everybody play sports then you can
design a system that doesn't have to
solve a social problem having female
only sports
solved a social problem that is solved
so you don't need to solve the problem
that is already solved we already
understand women can play sports duh all
right once you get that it's all easy
okay that's all I got for now I've got
to go to a lot of work because my
electricity's can go off at noon
apparently literally I live in this
stupid third-world country called
California and I'll tell you we don't
know for sure if the electricity will go
off it has to do with it has to do with
how much wind there is some other places
the state but if it does we have to get
rid of our governor we have to change
our government if if my if my power goes
out I'm suddenly going to be very active
in California politics which I've never
cared about never cared about it but if
my power goes out today from bad
management I'm gonna get real interested
in the governorship not running but
getting somebody in there who can do the
work so that's we're on that and I will
talk to you all later