bumbum bumbum bumbum
[Applause]
everybody come on in here it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams and although the
world is a strange and confusing place
at the moment we can still enjoy the
best part of the day it's called the
simultaneous hip and you don't need much
to participate no you don't need
coronavirus completely optional but if
you have it your coffees couldn't taste
extra good all you need is a coffee let
me try that again all you need is a cup
or a mug or a glass of tanker chalice or
Stein a canteen jerker flask FSO of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine tune
of the day the thing that makes
everything better
it's the simultaneous up go mmm that's a
crisis quality there everything tastes
better wouldn't you know when you're
worried about stuff alright let's talk
about this there's nothing else going on
right is it my imagination or did all of
the other news either completely stop or
or we don't care about it so there's
there's a lot of stuff that's happening
that I couldn't care less about but
let's talk about what's interesting
about this flu stuff here's the good
news there are three different
treatments as opposed to a vaccine
vaccine apparently a vaccine is already
going into rapid testing maybe we'll see
that maybe we'll see that soon anyway
well I'm gonna switch topics I think of
the switch topics because it just
occurred to me at the moment
Trump has now said two things that are
unambiguously untrue
this seemed to be coming true so the
first thing that Trump said was that we
developed this vaccine and it would be
in record time and then the expert
doctor foul she said well you know
probably 18 months so not really you
right away and then the president would
get up and he'd say yep we're gonna have
it in record time and then how she would
get up again it's like well 18 months
and then the president would say we're
gonna get that vaccine in record time
and then he read the news and I think it
was Gilead put their vaccine into rapid
testing and they said hey we've got an
idea and I think I had this right I
might have this wrong but and Gilead was
saying why don't we do something we
never did before which is start
developing it because we're optimistic
developing meaning you know making it
manufacturing it at the same time we're
testing it because in the unlikely event
that you know we hit it and then I guess
they're pretty confident that they're at
least in the neighborhood of the right
vaccine they're saying we could be done
with it and distribute it the same day
and I said to myself was that included
in the 18 months somebody says not
really but you know it does the 18
months assume that we do this the way we
normally do it because we're not doing
things in a normal way at all so here's
what I think I think we're going to be
surprised in in the good direction about
how quickly the the vaccine is developed
so that so let me give you that
prediction we will be surprised in the
positive way it will be done before we
think it should be done I don't think if
I were to bet you know who is closer you
know Trump saying it's AIDS you know any
minute now or xiaochi who's saying it's
going to be 18 months probably somewhere
in the middle
maybe because what happens if the here's
the here's the wild card what happens if
the problem starts getting you know 10
times worse and only three months of
going by and they vaccinated people and
it's it apparently works but they can't
tell if there's a side effect yet
because you you need to wait longer to
figure that out but they could kinda
tell it works just they don't know if
it's safe we're gonna have we're gonna
have a decision like we've never seen
before which is will you take this extra
risk of semi tested vaccine that's
similar enough to things we've done
before or that we think it's safe you
know the computer models the you know
the simulations they run I'm sure they
do that they say it's safe but you can't
ever really know until you do the long
the long studies will we reach a point
where the president will have the
following decision mr. president we can
get you a vaccine in five months the
risk will be very high but the risk of
not using it could be higher we need a
decision I think we're good to see that
second story is the president quite
famously went out and said that Google
was building some kind of a nationally
available website - I think figure out
if they should get to coronavirus
medical care and then Google said no
we're not we're not doing that nope and
then he came out that it was a
subsidiary of alphabet that really had
been called Google until I don't know
2015 or something so it was sort of a a
Google like company and then people said
oh okay okay so it wasn't like a hundred
percent wrong it was a Google like
company within the Google universe and
you could call that a Google company but
technically it's as another name even
though a Google company
and then I came out that but but then
people said yeah but it's not gonna be
done soon and then the company says well
you know we're gonna test it pretty soon
and obviously if it worked out we could
make it big pretty quickly it's a
website how hard is it to take a website
from small to big that's something we
know how to do so but here's the funny
part
by by the end of I think the end of
yesterday Google announced that they'd
goggle we're going to build a national
website that the president said they
were building so I think in two
occasions you just watched the president
bend reality in a way that only he can
and that's where - god there's nobody
else who could have done this and I'm
not even saying it's a it's a bug or a
feature I'm just saying it is yeah you
can decide whether you like it whether
it's an accident whether it's lock
whether it's randomness you I don't even
know what to call this I mean seriously
what do you call this the guy who reads
who who tells us
I mean he's told us this many times they
uses the power of positive thinking to
bend reality and you hear that sort of
thing you go yeah yeah New Age crap you
can't bend reality you know you can't
you can't bend reality that's not a
thing so go read your power of positive
thinking books because reality isn't
something you just bend by your positive
thinking and then then the president
gets up there and says two ridiculously
false the things about this about this
crisis and I think both of them are
gonna happen weirdly I mean one of them
already happened so I'm 50% right
already
because somebody says I'll a Steve Jobs
right the reality distortion field I
think this president makes things happen
happen by wanting them you know
obviously the the country is primed to
respond and and you know every citizen
is doing their thing to make things
better it's kind of remarkable I don't
know what to make of that but here's
some other good news there are three
treatments for people who have already
gotten the corona virus so not a vaccine
that seemed promising and I'm hearing
lots of chatter about them being
promising meaning that they're using
them and they're working so some number
of you know this is just anecdotal they
haven't done controlled studies but
anecdotally we're getting a lot of
reports that this drug called REM des
aveer helps people recover faster and
here's the better one yet I think
there's some complication with Ramdev
severe being widely available I don't
know the details of that there's that
there's some red tape or something else
about that that may limit the
availability but the other one is a
cheap malaria drug so a drug that
already exists and is widely available
called clora chloroquine chlorine I
don't know
C HL o r o qu ine chloroquine
chloroquine something like that and also
a steroid called methyl pret
methyl prednisone that sounds good
I think that's what I was on I was on
prednisone recently so through trial and
error and massive APD testing the
medical community is getting faster
smarter so um I I hate to watch this
like it's a speculator sport but
consider this the the presumed path of
this virus is that it will be
exponential so it's going to be like bad
bad bad bad bad
and then if it's allowed to that we're
doing everything to prevent this but if
it's allowed to that curve is just going
to go you know sharply up and and we
will be overwhelmed in our health care
but that's not the only thing that's
that is exponential there's something
else happening right now that we take
for granted that is also exponential
which is that our ability to learn so we
have you know literally thousands if not
millions of a be test going on there are
doctors all over the world saying well
try this try this try that try this and
then the reports are starting to come
back
now once enough stuff has been tried and
then probably retried because you know
one one experience would be enough the
the rate at which the humanity is going
to get smarter is going to be
exponential we are gonna get smarter
really fast and we're not quite at the
inflection point but if the the
best-case scenario is that now that we
have the smartest you know most capable
people in the world the whole the whole
planet this has never been the case
because we're so well connected by the
internet that the entire world can be
involved and at least there's some
chance that they can all have the same
information or eventually have it I
would the best-case scenario is that
human ingenuity is cranking along like a
mofo and you know that's happening right
you could be confident that the smartest
people are putting all of their smarts
into this there's a lot of smart a--to
going on and as they learn in the
experiment there's going to be an
inflection point where we suddenly seem
really smart so I wouldn't straight-line
human ability any more than I would
straight line the virus because we have
a way of being dumb until we need to be
smart and then we get smarter really
fast and we're not there yet but we're
heading that way
I'm hearing reports today that are
completely not credible so there are
things that people are saying on the
Internet anecdotal reports coming in
from various places I'm going to say
that this is not credible at this point
but the reports are that there are lots
of younger people who are having serious
problems and dying from the from the
virus now that's different than
everything we've heard up to this point
which is that the younger you are the
better and there's just no exception to
that but anecdotally we're hearing
stories of younger people we're having a
real tough time with it maybe some dying
and I don't know what to make of that
some of it could be they have underlying
conditions they didn't know about that's
possible and if if you know hundreds of
thousands of people are involved
somebody's going to have a weak immune
system at any given time and maybe not
know about it so yeah and there's the
mutation question we're watching that
but yeah has it mutated to be more
deadly because that's usually the
opposite direction my understanding is
that viruses typically if not always
become weaker over time
partly because humans get used to them
maybe that's the only reason I don't
know so the British government has this
strategy of letting the virus spread to
60% of Brits so they can reach some kind
of herd immunity but on the internet
people keep telling me he's got some
expert or another says that you can get
it more than once so there's no such
thing as herd immunity because you could
get it more than once to which I say
those are not necessarily incompatible
facts it could be the getting that gives
you immunity at the same time that some
people could get it again
so those could both be true and there
still could be good enough to eventually
slow down the virus if enough people
have been exposed
what I don't think is true and I haven't
seen any experts say is that in general
people could get it twice as in other
words if the same virus popped up in
three years would it would it be just as
bad as every other as the first time and
I don't think anybody thinks that I feel
as though the experts are cautiously
cautiously certain that there would be
sufficient immunity built up by exposure
that even if some people did get it
twice you'd still have enough immunity
if you do the math on the British plan
of letting people get it that would lead
to two hundred and seventy seven
thousand deaths from the virus but you
know it should be noted that all 277
thousand of those people who could
potentially die then we're gonna die
anyway and if it's if it affects mostly
people over 80 it probably wasn't going
to be that long so well there's nothing
there's no good news and saying that
somebody who might have lived to 85
might only live to 82 its context yeah
it's part of the story so you could make
your own judgments about how much of a
holocaust that is or is not that's the
wrong word I'm just using it
figuratively so but but here's the
problem the British model guarantees
that the rest of the world gets infected
right because if the Brits all get a
good dose of it there's not really any
chance that you know no Brits take it
somewhere else later I mean if you're
gonna let 60% of your population get
this thing it's going to travel there's
no way around it so it seems like the
Brits are gonna get a lot of pressure
from other countries to do what they're
doing and I don't exactly understand
what they're doing it they're they're
acting like they're trying to stop it
versus build up some herd immunity but
I'm that was a little uncertain at this
point I would recommend for your mental
health that you block the people on the
internet who are screaming it's just the
flu and any variant on that now could
they be right is there any scenario in
which the people are saying who are
saying we're overreacting
and I would be in that category of an
overreactor according to other people is
there anything to that yeah what's the
best argument you can make on the stop
worrying about its side now part of what
this stop worrying about it people are
trying to do is not crash the economy
that's that's a word of the goal but
here's what they need to answer which is
why other hospitals are being overrun if
you can answer that then maybe you have
a point because the regular flu does not
overrun hospitals the hospitals are
built to handle annual flu they do it
every year and you never even hear about
it apparently they do it well but the
Italian hospitals are overrun that's a
you know a huge tragedy going on there
I'm pretty sure the Chinese hospitals
were over on they had to build temporary
hospitals in two weeks why would it be
different here what would be the
argument that our health care system
would not be similarly overrun I don't
think there's an argument for that right
and now we have better resources we have
more time to prepare so we have some
advantages that there may be Italy
didn't have but and maybe China because
they got you know caught off guard there
maybe they didn't have so we have
advantages there is a nonzero chance we
can get through this without crashing
our hospitals well I think it's a low
chance the most likely scenario is that
that at least some hospitals are going
to be turning away people who are dying
I would say that's likely
I don't think all hospitals are gonna be
turning away people were dying but
you're not you're not going to be able
to you know move to the the empty bed
and three states away too easily so I
think in some hospitals they're gonna
get over on maybe in the metropolitan
areas but we'll we'll certainly do I
think a heroic job of doing what we can
in a makeshift way because we've had
enough time fortunately we've bought
enough time with the airport closings
that we might be able to scramble and
minimize the problem but it's going to
get ugly
and so I I recommend just blocking and
just not listening to the people who're
arguing uh it's just like the flu few
people die why do you care it's like
like normal just take them out of your
life get rid of them
President Trump took took a test to see
if he had the coronavirus that he's
negative he says now of course all the
skeptics say would he tell us if he
worked and the answer is he'd have to
he'd have to I don't think there's any
question that if the President had been
had been infected that you I don't think
there's any chance you would lie about
it because it would be obvious because
the the medical community would not
allow him to interact with the rest of
the government right if you see if you
see Trump and pence standing together as
in yesterday it's because neither of
them think they have it and I think
Pence is getting tested and the
president was tested so if you don't see
the president being removed from other
officials and the government he doesn't
have it all right he doesn't have it
there's no way the medical community
would let this president get away with
that and by the way if the
you know in the unlikely event that the
White House doctor got co-opted to give
I don't know just a reckless stupid lie
and say oh he doesn't have it when he
does do we do we appoint White House
doctors that week I don't think so do we
be can you imagine a White House doctor
presumably should be a pretty serious
qualified person I can't imagine that
person saying yeah just I'll just lie
and say the president doesn't have it
let him infect the entire government by
going a little it just there's just no
way so I would say you should completely
discount any chance that he took a test
and it was anything but what he said
which is negative that's good news and
we're watching here
a president who is responding to the
public it was the public you know led by
the media of course but it was the
public who needed him to get tested you
know I treated that the other day and I
said that essentially that he said you
know mr. president the public needs you
to get tested because I wanted to put it
in that terms I didn't want to say
usually get tested You Know Who am I I
didn't want to say doctors say you
should get tested because again it's up
to the doctors to tell him not me but it
was unambiguously true that the country
needed it we needed to check that box
and say okay that's one thing we don't
worry about because we got plenty to
worry about
there's plenty so the country needed it
and I tweeted that out and man did I get
pushback the the sort of automatic Trump
supporters who will just you know back
him nobody what he said
poured in and said you know it looking a
test if he needs to
his doctor said he didn't need it you
know what are you trying to start here
Scott
and of course he he decided to get the
test so I think his good news when the
public cries out for something and then
the president does it and it makes sense
there's nothing broken there that's good
news all right so I here are some tips
for managing your coronavirus anxiety in
my opinion the odds of the United States
losing its basic services such as you
know water and electricity and food
transportation I don't think we're gonna
lose our basics I think it is funny that
we'll probably will have shortages of
you know prepper stuff all the emergency
sized canisters and stuff will probably
have some shortages of those but only
because people are stocking up it's not
as if the factories stopped making that
stuff so the one thing I think that is
safest to assume is that you'll have
regular food you know even if the stock
market is in the toilet
farmers are still gonna grow food even
if some of the people making it have the
virus it's pretty low chance that it
gets into your food I mean it's possible
but it could it's a low chance I think
the the food agricultural system and
delivery are going to work well enough
so I wouldn't worry about that if your
company you know is at risk and there's
a financial problem I wouldn't worry
about that but you probably want to
starve I would recommend also taking
some serious hours off of social media
I've been trying to do that but it's
really hard so I I'm recommending it
without being able to do it and but I'm
gonna work harder on it because the more
you focus on it you know the more worked
up you're gonna get and the more anxiety
so you really just need to remove
yourself from it every now and then
don't don't ignore it because it's
important but remove yourself from it a
little bit every day
I've been trying trying to occupy myself
with you know other entertainments and
some kind of locked in the house and my
other recommendation is do not watch
stressful media do not watch movies or
TV shows where people are dying and
there's tension and stress just don't do
it because you're real your real life
has all that all that you need watch
comedies watch you know YouTube or a
content that just doesn't have any scary
you stressful stuff so and watching me
of course watching these is excellent
and and I would say again that I've
never felt healthier than I do right now
like literally just everything
everything about me is working pretty
well at the moment and it feels really
good I got to say that you know I got I
got my health to the point where I can
just sit in a chair quietly and just
feel good I mentally I'd feel good
because my body feels so it's operating
at such a an efficient level right now
so as others have said it's good to do
something so even though I feel
confident we won't run out of food you
can't be confident that that will be
true on every town everywhere so you
know do it do a little reasonable
planning and pull your stuff together
and you know have a few weeks of extra
well you know I think the odds of being
a super big problem
a really really really really really
small how many of you have had this
problem you say to you the teenager
living into your house a teenager I
don't know if you've been following the
news but schools are closed and you're
just gonna have to stay in the house for
a month or maybe three months and not
not see your friends do you know any
teenager or child who is going to accept
the following proposition
hey Kevin I would like you to have a
horrible time for the next three months
I'm just socially it's going to be a
desert you're just you're just not going
to see your friends you're not gonna
have any fun your your brain is gonna
want to explode but you will save the
lives potentially not necessarily you
particularly but if everybody does this
you will save the lives of 80 year-old
strangers
good luck good luck you're gonna have a
lot of fights so here's what I had but I
would advise make sure the kids in your
house know that this one isn't a
conversation if you're like most
families you know there there's some
parents who have really you know got the
parental thing down and kids won't
question them because they know that's a
problem but for most of you your
knitting with kids well I can't do that
can I do this but suppose I only did it
for a little while
what if we went outside and played but
we were together so the kids are gonna
start negotiating with you and I would
recommend the following persuasion and
and I've already done this and it goes
like this
in the context of a crisis which we're
in kids opinions don't matter they will
be ignored I'll listen to them if you
have some information that'd be great
I'll incorporate it but your opinions
will be 100% ignored until this crisis
is over
this is adults only there's no
negotiating adults only kids don't get
to participate in any decision-making
during a crisis period period now of
course that's the way it should always
be right but in the real world you know
there is negotiation and I'm I would say
that you should shut down anything that
looks like negotiation just say up up
oh don't only now
the the fake because we'll work in
almost every situation and that is give
a reason even if it's a bad one
and the reason could be the government
said got to do this you know you could
argue against anything but it sounds
like a reason and say adults are capable
of making these decisions children or
not you're not part of it do what I tell
you that's it and that and that sounds
like a reason to because adults are
smarter than kids so so say that
directly yeah that the the adults are in
charge during the crisis that's the end
of the story yeah how do you tell a
five-year-old well with a five-year-old
you just tell them that's the way it is
and they cry and they they scream and
then they just cry and scream but you
know you might have to it's not like the
kid is gonna go steal your car keys and
take your car or something if you tell
them now I mean unless you drive them
someplace they're not going to get too
far so let them cry that's that's all
you got
how about the senile well you know
that's every case will be its own case I
guess my understanding is that this
weekend the bars were full with young
people who believe that they're not
personally at great risk and apparently
don't care if they kill you know a
million old people by going to a bar and
I think it's because it's there's there
are too many levels of abstraction
between a young person who goes to a bar
and you know your grandmother on the
other side of the country who might end
up dying because of it and you know
statistically people are gonna say well
but it's not because I went to the bar
it's because people went to the bar and
I'm not people I'm just me I didn't kill
your grandmother I just went out a drink
and by the way I didn't even get
infected so don't blame me so I think
the Millennials have
they you know a mental dodge to say well
you know it's somebody else's problem
and by the way they did rape the planet
and leave nothing for us and the cost of
living is way higher than when when
these old people were young and well
maybe it's our turn we could use a few a
few fewer old people so the weird thing
about this one is I was thinking hey
we're all in this together you know all
the country is all the government's be
they Democrats be they Republicans this
will be the one time that we can all
join together because there's a common
problem and I thought and that even said
this that it was kind of beautiful
because you don't see everybody on the
same page for ever really I've never
seen it it's the first time and then I
realized that it doesn't apply to the
young we're very much not in the same
page people over 40 just picking a
random number here people over 40 are
trying to stay alive the people under 40
are trying to have fun and based on this
weekend they don't care if you live or
die if you're over if you're over a
certain age so we have unintentionally
caused a war between the old and the
young in order for the old to survive at
the at the rate they would like to
survive percentage-wise
we're gonna have to crush the young I
[Laughter]
don't see your way around the young and
I mean 20s and 30s are gonna have to get
crushed and by crushed I mean we'll
probably have to send the police out to
send them home probably have to close
the bars and probably have to you know
you know mace anybody who gathers was
more than four people in a in public so
what I say crush I don't mean hurt them
I mean there there's some serious pain
coming that the people who went to a bar
this weekend don't know is coming or
maybe they do and they figured well one
more weekend I'll go to the bar oh yeah
I didn't hear about the hash tag boomer
that's what they're calling the virus
the young people who would just be
delighted if the old people died by
liberal sister blames Trump no matter
what of course all right so I'll just
look at some of your comments here I
would normally I would just end this but
I'm thinking about adding a second
periscope in the afternoon or early
evening or something what would you
think of if I were to add a second
periscope just for the period of the
crisis because you know one of the
benefits of of what I do is it doesn't
have commercials yet if you watch the
replay here on periscope and or if you
watch in life and wouldn't the world be
a little bit better with more content to
consume because you need to run through
your Netflix list pretty quickly
also somebody's saying in the comments
that the the no la Louisiana police
cleared Bourbon Street that's
interesting you hope I don't lose too
much credibility hmm somebody says why
no seatback outbreak that was 16 days
ago
has there been none I don't know the
details there but you're right now it
could be that the the one known infected
person just wasn't shedding that much
that's possible now it could be that the
one known infected person as he pack
washed his or her hands a lot because I
think we're still pretending we don't
know who it is right how many of you
know who it is I'm just curious how many
in the comments how many of you have
seen the name and add photo of the
person who is accused of being the
accused is wrong
but the person we believe it was the
infected person there okay I'm seeing
less people they the comments are a
little delayed but it looks like people
are willing to see the second periscope
now it probably wouldn't be like the
first one so I don't know exactly what
that content would be but I'm sure I can
find some take some questions or
something so here are the things I'm
doing lots of exercise lots of fresh air
take a walk you would be amazed how much
better you feel if you take a walk for
an hour just uh just a nice walk
outdoors and you know if the weather's
bad bundle up if it's raining bring an
umbrella but get your walk in don't tell
yourself tomorrow because you need to do
something and it makes a difference you
can build up your immunity I would guess
that my immunity is really humming along
right now because I've been getting the
sleep eating the food doing all the
right stuff all right
it's very difficult to know if there was
a spread at CPAC that's true why did we
have the freedom of assembly again you
know somebody says they'd like to hear
me and dr. drew on the air will probably
do that dr. drew if you're if you're
watching this we should probably do that
your place or mine is less important but
we should probably do that more Duvall
yeah you know there's there's a really
interesting thing happening it's
happening on social media but you're
seeing you're seeing a lot of people who
very quickly you know entered the breach
and you're seeing people we're trying
very hard to be positive influences I'm
trying as hard as I can
I had to do something productive doing
this
and evolves another one one maybe the
most productive thinker of our time so
having him fully engaged makes me feel a
lot better if you're not watching
following the Balaji suite of Awesome
you should by far he has the most
insightful comments about this whole
this whole situation from the from the
social the economic the the medical so a
Balaji is one of these full stack people
who I don't know if there's a category
of knowledge he doesn't know about but
he he seems to know every category of
knowledge so if you listen to his stuff
you'll get smarter Scott do you disagree
with dr. Shiva I don't know so I don't I
assume you're asking about the you're
referring to this situation but I don't
know what he says and why I would
disagree oh good somebody says they
started walking after reading one of my
books had a fail I'm gonna get rid of
that obnoxious comment dr. drew will
tell you to stop spreading panic well
it's a it's a fine balance and let me
say this I think reasonable people can
disagree about the exact right amount of
preparation worried concerned slash
panic that is productive and how much is
unproductive and I would say that if
you're in a situation where 10% of the
public is panicking but you had to do
that to get 60% of the public to do what
they need to do in other words you know
if you if you get the middle of the
country let's say the the most typical
people in the country deeply concerned
which is what you want so they'll act
differently and they have to to get
through this
if 60% of them are deeply concerned
there's still going to be just go throw
a number at it you know ten percent who
are over concerned and panicking I don't
think you can avoid that I don't think
there's any such thing as getting all
the people to respond the same to the
same message because we all respond
differently the same message so there's
plenty of room for dr. Joe and I to be
you know off by a off by a degree on
what's the ultimate most productive
level of panic but we would both agree
that you could go too far and we both
agree that the panic could be worse than
the worse than the disease so I think
we're on the same page if there's a
difference it's maybe in a little bit of
language one degree of difference but
both of us would be guessing frankly
because nobody knows the exact amount of
ideally productive worry but you need
some worry you know you don't want to
get rid of it because it's the worry
that's causing anybody to do the right
thing looking at your comments dr. Shiva
says we're overreacting well how do you
measure such a thing you know I still
see people saying that people are
panicking but I've not detected anything
that I would call panic even the people
buying toilet paper I don't know that
they're panicking are they it just feels
like you know you see the people with I
saw pictures of people with carts piled
high with massive toilet paper I thought
to myself well you don't know what the
story is there are those people
panicking or are they buying for the
nursing home right because if you're the
if you're the you know if you work at
the nursing home maybe you need a lot of
toilet paper and you're stocking up so
you might be stocking up for the whole
nursing home so if I can I just look at
somebody and say well you got a lot of
toilet paper there therefore you're
panicking
you know you saw the story of somebody
who bought up all the hand sanitizers in
his area and then tried to sell them at
at you know horribly high prices and
both eBay and Amazon shut him down
and said yeah we can't even be on our
platform which pretty much put him out
of business even that guy wasn't
panicking he was buying up all the and
sanitizer just to make it money he was
doing the opposite of the panicking so
I've not seen anything in the public
let's say I've not seen any of our
professionals do anything even remotely
like panic have you is there anybody you
would say oh I watched I know the view
and saw somebody panicking not really
not really I'd have to say that I'd be
pretty proud of you know the United
States for the way its handling it
attitude wise I think we're we're doing
a good job really now I think some
people are using the word panic to
describe a set of decisions that the
government and maybe individuals are
making about what business is to stay
open and how far away we should stay
from each other and you know the selling
your stocks and stuff like that but I
don't know that that's panic either it
feels like people doing the best job
they can of trying to anticipate the
odds you know what are the odds and you
know what kind of a country do we want
to be you know how protective should we
be of our seniors I think people are
just making decisions I just don't see
panic but correct me if I'm wrong all it
would take is one example and I'd say
okay that's there's a panic but anissina
take the stock markets I read an article
that like 5 trillion dollars or whatever
it was was removed from the stock market
maybe it was bigger it was a big number
and I said to myself and there's
actually not even any point to that yeah
5 trillion of imaginary money
disappeared do you know what happens
when we get on the other side of this
this thing we're all primed every asset
is already in place no decisions no
risks we just go back to work and the
stock market says thank you and adds
five trillion dollars back magic
so should you panic that we lost five
trillion dollars no no
because the nature of the market is it
goes up and down it's not really a loss
unless you were dumb enough to sell all
your stocks and you know when it hit the
low that probably was a bad idea but
don't be that I don't give financial
advice I got rid of two assets before
this happened so right around the time
that China was saying hey we got
something going on over here with the
flu well before I thought I needed to
care about it you know because in the
early days I was like you know that's
interesting
I'll worry about that if they tell me to
later but there are only two assets I
sold one was my oil stocks I got rid of
all those luckiest thing I ever did and
and and by the way I didn't even sell it
because I was smart I actually sold it
to free up some cash for something else
I was doing it wasn't even because I was
smart it was just the one that didn't
look like it was doing much lately so
that's good I'll get rid of my oil
stocks man that worked out and the only
other thing I got rid of was my Bitcoin
so I got rid of all of my Bitcoin
holdings now I'm not recommending that
you do it there are plenty of reasons to
have Bitcoin plenty of reasons to think
it'll be around for a while
but I did not buy the argument that
Bitcoin would be a a gold like store
that would go up when everything else
went down I didn't think it was
impossible in other words I didn't I
didn't rule it out I thought well it
could happen you know everything goes
bad maybe maybe Bitcoin goes up it'd be
good to have some but I wasn't buying it
I wasn't buying it and so I sold all my
Bitcoin and it dropped by 50% I think
since then now I'm not bragging
both of those were total Locke total
luck you shouldn't try to time the
market you shouldn't be buying
individual stocks you shouldn't be
listening to me for any advice but I got
lucky as hell on those two yeah you know
you have to balance that against all the
times I've been unlucky the plenty of
those so I think Bitcoin will be around
awhile I'm sure it will recover
eventually but I get out I you know I
haven't checked the when recently but
it's it's in tiny territory like most of
the non Bitcoin stuff is do you get
financial advice or act on my own good
question
when I was first making some serious
money with this old Dilbert thing I do I
I was offered by bankers at Wells Fargo
they had a special rich person division
that does some investing for rich people
they said hey we could put you in our or
special or rich person department and
we'll do investing for you in the stock
market and I felt I was you know
reasonably qualified to do that I mean I
have an MBA that degree in economics and
you know I pay attention but I was busy
and I thought you know I need somebody
who's really paying attention because
I'm not gonna be watching I just so I
was working 18 hours a day then and I
thought I'm not gonna be able to watch
my investments it's better just have
somebody else do it and hopefully
they'll do so well it'll pay for itself
they bought on my behalf stock in Enron
have you heard of Enron that's right
the smartest people I could hire to
invest my money for me put my money in
Enron not all of it you know a portion
of it other money they put in world come
you have heard a world come that used to
be a company now
if you tried really hard to invest in
someone else's money in individual
stocks and you're buying big companies
do you think you would even be able to
find two big companies that wouldn't
exist in a year could you I mean we're
in a weird economic time right now but
in ordinary times if you're going to say
oh I'll buy I'll buy 20 different stocks
for your portfolio and then you know
you'll have some diversification do you
think if you picked 20 fortune 500
stocks do you think you could find two
of them that would be an a business in a
year it's kind of rare
well my professionals did it and what
they sold to me was that they had extra
insight because they talked to
management do you know what would happen
if you talked to the management at Red
Rock to get some insight well here's
what the management of Enron would not
tell my professional investors investing
professionals they would not say oh you
know I have to be honest with you and
runs just a whole pyramid scheme scam
and none of it's real it's all going to
fall apart
do you think do you think that's the
insight that my professionals got when
they talk to the management because that
was that's what they sold me they sold
me we know them personally we're
actually going to be in the room with
them talking to him so you know we have
much better you know vision than you do
because we're in the room what the hell
did that help them it didn't help them
at all all right now the good news is I
was just smart enough to only give them
half of my money that was available for
investing at the time because they were
also charging a fee I forget what it was
both but let's say the fee was one and a
half percent and I didn't want to you
know give away one and a half percent so
I give them half of my money that was
available and I took the other half and
I just stuck it in a fortune 500 index
fund how do you think I did with my half
that I didn't manage
I just threw it in an index fund of you
know a bunch of American companies and
they were picking stocks and talking to
management who do you think one wasn't
even close they lost a third of the
money that I gave them to invest after I
know several years they were down a
third and mine I think you know
fluttered around a little bit but and
then took off and we're fine yeah so
effectively I cut their fee in half but
also I diversified because the risk I
knew at the time that I had to diversify
also against Wells Fargo
so you don't diversify just among stocks
you should also diversify who's you know
who's in the mix if you've only got one
person who's responsible for all of your
investments you got a problem because if
that one person goes bad you know your
whole portfolio is at risk
so I spread the risk of human beings
that they have any influence over my
money and make sure that none of them
have too much influence that's my that's
my advice all right
just looking at your comments here did I
invest in fairness I did not yeah the
index funds will be 90 percent of
financial managers that is correct
always have always will in my in my
opinion what year this was a long time
ago this was 90s a Scott actively got it
in turmoil
which is an anti index decision so I
still have oil stocks within my larger
index fund because you can't you can't
pick and choose you just take the whole
the whole box but separately I don't
know 20 years ago or something
I had bought an index fund of oil stocks
so the only exception to having a broad
index that makes sense is if you have a
sub index of some industry you think is
going to do extra well so at the time I
thought okay two industries that I think
will always do well as energy wrong and
biotech so I have an index of biotech
the stocks and had an index of oil
stocks oil stocks I basically I got out
and about the same place I put it in but
it was after years so it was effectively
a loss but the the BIOS next so the
stock is up 400% at the same time now I
only put smaller amounts in the sub
indexes so I still have eighty percent
in the broad index but I add a few
kickers a few kicker funds that you know
in just in case oil or or bio stocks did
well I could get the upside alright oil
will come back Mark Cuban just invested
in Twitter stock smart bastard Mark
Cuban if you're listening to this that
was a smart move because there's no way
in hell Twitter is gonna stay at the the
price it is if I had not already put all
of my you know the cash that was on the
sidelines into the market I'm fully
invested in financial assets so I only
have real estate and stocks
that's all I own right now a little a
little bit of some notes but and some
investments in companies but I was
looking at the at the stocks they got
whacked the hardest and I thought some
of these are just a no-brainer who is
going to use less Twitter during the you
know any economic downturn there nah
they're gonna use more Twitter and
Twitter was one of the few stocks that I
was also looking at to to make a major
shift into that was looking at some
other things but don't take any
financial advice for me but if you see
Mark Cuban making a big move on a
company like that maybe you can take his
advice
I already own some Twitter stock what if
Trump loses well I think that's now an
option I think Trump losing the election
went from unfathomable before
coronavirus to closer to a 50/50 so I'm
going to readjust the slaughter meter
down to more like a 50/50 proposition
right now now the the biggest thing do
you know who gets the blame how bad how
bad is it
it takes away Trump's ability to brag
about the economy even if it's only
temporarily in a lull it's just the
wrong timing so his biggest assets have
been taken from him and even even
Trump's biggest supporters would say
that he's had missed steps with his
crony virus stuff you know they're not
getting tested you know the the wrong
information etc but it's harder to argue
that the United States is making the
wrong decisions the communication part
was really shaky and I criticized it
like crazy but the decisions you know
when to close these airports what to do
look pretty solid so I don't know if
he'll get credit for the solid decisions
as much as he'll be criticized for the
some of the words and the communication
were were faulty at best but he does
seem to be learning on the job if he
will in other words Trump's capability
to do this stuff if you look at it today
versus even two weeks ago I don't think
it's the same you know he's not he's now
brain dead he's figuring out what works
and adjusting so you see him adjusting
in real time as long as he can adjust as
long as the feedback is getting to him
and I know it is you know he is
listening to social media he's listening
to the public he's listening to the
media and it's probably one of his
greatest assets I would say is that he
does respond to the public in real-time
I mean he he changes in real-time
so I don't think you'll see him perform
as poorly as he did I I would expect you
know big improvements actually but it's
fair to say that you need a different
personality for different challenges and
I don't think is perfectly fit this
didn't perfectly fit in the way of
perfectly fits all the things like
running for president he was kind of
perfect for that that's why he's doing a
massive stimulus you know all of these
stimulus stuff you know tax cuts etc I
think those are mostly psychological but
that's good because the economy is a
psychology engine so the president might
be the very poor well let me put this
way as as ill-suited as I think the
president's personality is for this
specific kind of disaster but not as
decision-making
I think his decision-making this been
good but his personality it doesn't fit
this at all when we get over it and it's
time to crank the knob and get back to
work that's the personality he has you
know once it's time to you know what's
his go time
and it's time to crank up the economy
again and get past this show the world
show the world who America is basically
that's what he's good at so you're gonna
see the fastest I think that I think
this disaster if you can call it that
the crisis it's plenty bad probably will
get worse before it gets better but the
recovery whenever that starts is going
to be amazing I think it's gonna be
amazing and that's what Trump is just
perfect for all right somebody says
they're giving themselves a massive
stimulus right now good for you I hear
it's good for your immune system andrew
yang ubi meant under Biden's influence I
don't know that he actually said that
[Music]
all right that's all I got for now I
will maybe you talk to you again this
afternoon we'll see bye for now