there you are you know I just realized
this moment that I'm wearing a green
t-shirt like
zalinsky um I've been in the in the dark
all morning because I prefer working in
the dark and I didn't know this was a
green shirt but we can deal with it
looks like stocks are up a little bit
Tesla is
up uh
7% S&P 500 up a little over half a
percent well I think everything's
getting
better let's uh open my comments here
and make sure I can see the amazing
people at locals
comments come on come on there we
[Music]
go good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffeee with Scott Adams and I'm
pretty sure you never had a better time
but if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny shiny
human brains well all you need for that
is a cover mugger glass a tanker chal a
sign a canteen Jugger flask of a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dopamine of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous SI
and it happens now
go so
good well if you haven't heard Rosie
O'Donnell has moved to Ireland yeah she
moved to Ireland because uh Trump got
elected so that'll serve him
right I guess she showed us moved to our
irel land speaking of Ireland uh uh
Ireland was wondering if Trump is going
to put any tariffs on Ireland and Trump
said tariffs on
Ireland only on Rosie
O'Donnell yeah that's called a callback
it's called the call
back well if you didn't see the news yet
on social media uh one of uh the
Infowars host Chase geyser got swatted a
couple of times just yesterday so the
the SWAT got called by bad people who
were pretending to be him and they
showed up and the most recent time was 2
am. this
morning and the police pull up to his
place and they put on the bullhorns and
they say get out here with your hands up
with his wife and children in the house
second time in one day now I believe
this is domestic
terrorism and we're seeing more of it
all the the Tesla stuff is domestic
terrorism and you know you could argue
even some of the news coverage is
domestic terrorism it's so bad uh but
this is really
bad and I'm going to say if this were my
own Police Department locally I would
say things like well I guess they have
to follow their
procedures and I I guess they can't know
for sure so they have to deploy that's
what I would say if it were my local
police department so I didn't make them
mad but this is not my local police
department so I'm going to ask the
obvious question what the hell is wrong
with you how how do you not figure out
that these SWAT calls are fake after the
first one the same day and you can't
figure out that the second one's fake
and maybe figure out a different way to
handle it now I've heard people say well
the you know the law says they have to
deploy well what is deploy meaning how
about maybe you call them on the phone
and say can you turn on your FaceTime
you know just show me the room
everybody's good it doesn't feel like
this should be the hardest thing in the
world so I'm going to blame the police
if you do it once the police need to
respond I'm totally on board with
responding once even though that's
domestic terrorism on the on behalf of
the person who put in the fake Call but
by the second time the same day and you
can't figure that out I'm I'm pretty
disappointed pretty
disappointed so uh yeah they need to
figure that out but this is this
bad this is just one of the worst things
because I feel like do you remember when
uh under the Biden Administration the
Democrats were saying that the biggest
problem in the country was right-wing
white supremacist
um I don't know terrorists or
something there's never been anything
like this I mean we're seeing full out
you know color Revolution terrorism it's
domestic terrorism and it really needs
to stop so some people need to be
arrested and I have a real question
about people who make anonymous calls uh
or or they make calls pretending to be
the the the person who's going to get
swatted how in the world is does that
work how how do you pretend to be the
person being swatted where you're
calling from a telephone number that's
clearly not from that person wouldn't
the first thing they do is look at their
own logs and maybe call back on the
number that they have for that person
because you know the police always have
don't they can't the police always get a
phone number for you if they have your
address I think they
can so I have lots of questions about
this if you want to inform me where I'm
wrong and the police are acting
responsibly I'll listen to that argument
but I don't understand it at this point
so they got some explaining to
do well speaking of that Trump has
decided that he will label the violence
against Tesla dealerships and perhaps
Tesla owners as well because they're
examples of just people who own a Tesla
getting attacked their car getting
attacked anyway while they're in it and
what does that mean if he says that he's
going to label them
does that make it official or does he
have to sign an executive order or
something because it's time to make
this domestic terrorism like we we we
have to get this fast and it has to be
extreme and it seems to me that just
about all of the people who didn't have
a mask and did anything around a
Tesla aren't they all caught on camera
the Teslas have cameras all over them
how in the world do we not have their
faces and today the police have facial
recognition so it should be as easy as
looking at the video running it through
facial recognition and then you go
arrest them and you put them in jail for
a long time because we can't really put
up with
this this has to be an a very hard
response anyway um but what about the
funding sources
for this protest if you're if you're
involved in organizing the protest
against the Tesla dealership and let's
say the first time it gets out of hand
and there's a little vandalism and I'm
going to call it domestic
terrorism maybe the first time you could
say oh okay the organizer didn't know
that was going to happen but what
happens if you do it multiple times and
every time it gets out of
hand does that mean that the organizer
is domestic terrorist shouldn't they be
hauled in as some kind of an accessory
to domestic terrorism if they know it's
going to happen you know if if they were
surprised by it then of course no but
once you're not surprised and you know
it's going to happen and you organize it
anyway at what point are you a domestic
terrorist so I think we need to be way
harder on
this meanwhile uh Politico and MSNBC and
others are reporting that the
usaid offices are are madly uh shredding
their
documents because USA Aid is being
defunded and shut down and absorbed what
left absorbed into the state department
but my question is is this as bad as it
looks because it looks really bad or is
it closer to a baseline
normal um let's say at the the end of
every
Administration do people read a lot of
things that weren't that important just
you know maybe it was too important to
let people see it but it wasn't you know
super dangerous or illegal or anything
so I guess before I have a strong
opinion about the shredding of course it
raises lots of questions of course it
looks sketchy when you read about it out
a context but I do wonder how much is
normal you know if this were a
Republican organization would they be
shredding like crazy I don't know so I'm
going to say that I have serious
questions about it and uh it
probably if you know if I had to bet on
it it it's probably covering their asses
because as far as I can tell the whole
usaid situation was just so sketchy that
uh there just probably tons of crimes
that they're covering up that's what it
seems like
meanwhile
meta the company uh is designing they've
got their own in-house uh chip microchip
and supposed to cut their cost for AI
training Rowan Chung is writing about it
so I guess it' be manufactured by tsmc
the big chip company but it would be
their own design and somehow it would
help them cut Reliance on Nvidia for
their expensive gpus I wonder if this
ship's going to be so good that they can
really get away with not using
Nvidia and and it does make me wonder
what the future of Nvidia is because
given the you know insane amount of
profitability Nvidia has for the AI
chips wouldn't that guarantee that a
whole bunch of other Rich companies are
trying as hard as possible to match it
or beat it so you know infinia is kind
of a kind of a tough one to invest in
because you don't know what the
competition can do or how quickly they
can do it meanwhile uh Trump wanting to
show some support for Tesla did an event
in front of the White House in which he
bought a Tesla so he just picked that a
nice red one I think it was a plaid that
would be the high-end one uh but but
Trump joked about how much he likes to
drive but they don't let him drive
anymore he hasn't driven in a long time
and um and then somebody asked you since
he's the great
negotiator they said uh you can ask for
a
discount or I think they asked may have
asked musk if he was going to offer a
discount and before he could answer
Trump being Trump and being you know
quick on his feet he said nope nope I'm
not going to I'm paying full price I'm
not going to negotiate this and and
basically he said I'm the president of
the United States I'm paying full
price which was the exact right answer
cuz he was there to
support to support Tesla he wasn't there
to save a
buck so I love that it was a good event
uh Tesla stocks up about 7% when I
checked this
morning and what else is good did you
know that gas prices are lower now than
they were when Trump was uh inaugurated
did you know that so gas prices are down
did you know that egg prices are down
since uh March so at the beginning of
March this is according to perplexity
they're around $8 a dozen now they're
down to
551 SO gas is
down um eggs are
down
and mortgage rates are
down so interest rates are down eggs are
down gas is down and we got new numbers
for inflation infl
down so the February
CPI um went to 2.8 and that was uh less
than we expected so people were thinking
2.9 but the core inflation because they
measure it two different ways um Falls
to 31 and that was better than what they
were expecting which was
32 and according to the kobay
letter uh this is the first decline in
both the headline and the core CPI so
those are the two measures of inflation
since July of
2024
so how does this make
sense now part of the reason is that the
roiling of the stock market and all the
Tariff stuff and the uncertainty is
causing people to say whoa there's going
to be less demand for everything because
people won't be doing so well if there's
less demand prices go down so we might
be seeing just a response to uhoh
everybody's going to have to TI tighten
their belts and we're just assuming
prices will G or it could be that
nothing that's happening with the
tariffs is really affecting any real
prices yet maybe it will later I don't
know but uh we'll talk about that a
little bit
more meanwhile Greenland had an election
and one of the things I didn't know is
that Greenland four and of five of their
major parties are in favor of
Independents not joining the United
States but being independent from
Denmark four and a five so the two
biggest vot getting parties were both
hey we want to be
independent so we'll see if that makes
any difference but um certainly there's
no problem with the greenlanders wanting
to be not captive by Denmark so the
question would be is there some way that
we can have some kind of a tight
association with Greenland that would
give them freedom from uh
Denmark uh while also getting the
subsidies or whatever economic benefit
they were getting from Denmark would it
be good for us do we need to own them
like a state or would it be good enough
to just have um no tariffs and some kind
of a security Arrangement and maybe some
kind of a mining arrangement in case
they have some minerals or something we
want so there might be some place to
work on
that anyway uh
MSNBC which we talk about as more of a a
joke than a new
source I was noticing that they always
have at least one big lie going have you
ever noticed that that there's always
like a central big lie that clearly
organized from the top uh or or maybe
it's organized accidentally and they
just all gather around it but do you
remember when one of the big lies was
that the 2020 election was definitely
fair because no court found it wasn't
that's a big lie now I'm not saying it
wasn't fair and I'm not saying it was
I'm saying that the LIE is that the
courts could know the courts only know
what was handed to them them they don't
know if something was fair overall it's
just not knowable so that's one of the
biggest lies MSNBC was like just you
know they were just living off that lie
for a long time then there was the the
January 6 was an Insurrection as opposed
to an attempt to stop one that's a
really big lie and then there was the
Biden's brain is fine oh Biden's brain
is fine I don't know what you're talking
about he's the best Biden we've ever
seen warning Joe said
but now the uh the new big lie is that
Biden left a strong
economy and they they even had some
economists come on and say quote uh
somebody named uh Edward G loose I guess
he said quote Trump inherited pretty
much the perfect economy from a macro
economic point of view this is this is
something that a real person said out
loud can you imagine saying that out
loud that it was a perfect economy under
Biden he said there had been a soft
Landing inflation was under control The
Magnificent Seven stocks were booming
for a good reason and that Biden showed
us he can create a perfect economy
um but do you do you think he left
anything out do you know how else you
can create a perfect
economy by
borrowing we we had this crushing debt
with no way around it basically without
Doge we would all be dead and how do you
ignore that if you're an
economist so this is their new big lie
the new big lie is that economy was
great under Biden Trump's just ruined in
that great economy that he was left no
he was left a crushing level of debt
that was nearly impossible to solve and
we still don't know if it's solvable
because we haven't really taken a big
bite out of yet even though doge is
doing
great um and then the other big lie is
that Elon Musk wants to cut
entitlements and of course every time
that it's been talked about at least
from musk and Doge and Trump they're
talking about waste Fraud and Abuse and
then Ms msnbc's hosts and pundits and
CNN will say oh he wants to cut the
entitlements
no uh maybe they do want to but that's
not even being discussed they're only
talking about the waste forro and abuse
so again these are not news programs
these are just pure propaganda entities
and once you learn that they're
propaganda you can just sort of study
them for the propaganda to see how they
do it that's sort of why I'm interested
I kind of I kind of love to see how big
a lie they can tell Their audience that
Their audience won't know the difference
there doesn't seem to be any limit
because because you know I just
mentioned some
Whoppers can you imagine that MSNBC
still has any audience at all after
telling you that Biden's brain was fine
for years how do they have any audience
I mean it's so obvious that they're not
in the the news
business but I don't think Their
audience knows it I think the audience
thinks it's some kind of legitimate news
source weird
speaking of illegitimate news the
guardian lost a defamation suit uh was
ruled against him uh Douglas Murray was
the victim in this case so he sued him I
guess the guardian made some outrageous
Claim about him I'm not even going to
repeat the claim so because given that
it was a fake claim I don't even want to
associate it with his name so I'll just
tell you that there was an
outrageous fake claim and
um Douglas Murray took him to court and
apparently won so good for him um so
they apologized and had to retract
it uh and then uh but as Douglas Murray
was pointing out on X he he said uh he
wanted to remind you that the guardian
left uh a so it wasn't doing anything on
X anymore and the reason was because of
alleged disinformation on
X so the Guardian which was too good to
be on X literally the only source of
free speech that we have in this country
uh and then immediately they got sued
and lost for fake news fake
news speaking of fake news this is real
news but it's going to lead to nothing
um apparently the Saudi Arabia
meeting to talk about a ceasefire for
Ukraine involved only Ukraine and the US
I guess but Ukraine and the us and
zilinski is now specifically agreed to a
ceasefire 30-day
ceasefire um with not many conditions it
looks
like but that's just what uh zilinsky
wants we don't think that Putin wants
that so easily because apparently Putin
has lots of Demands you know
like no uh NATO no boots on the ground
from Europe uh a bunch of things
and so I don't think there's really much
chance that Putin will say yes to a
ceasefire because what would that buy
him because at the moment every day that
he keeps fighting looks like a day that
he's getting closer to winning just
because he could take more losses for a
longer period of time so he doesn't have
to gain any
territory he just needs to act like he
wants the
war
and it's just going to you know put him
in a better negotiating position so it
feels like that was a waste of
time um but I could be surprised you
know it could be that there's that Putin
has a much bigger set of interests
outside of Ukraine it could be that
Trump said here's the deal we're open to
talking about all the other interests
you know we'll make this a wider
discussion which is exactly what Russia
wants but we want that too um but we're
not going to do it unless you give us
the ceas
because we need to feel like there's
progress and a ceasefire would feel like
to everybody like some kind of progress
it would make it look like you change
the frame from fighting to talking and
that's something so this will be a good
test of Putin's persuasion
ability because if Trump pushes hard you
know supporting this idea of the 30-day
ceasefire
and and it's basically 30 days where you
would be negotiating other stuff and if
Putin said no to this it's going to look
like it would piss off
Trump because Trump would be putting his
reputation behind it assuming he backs
it so would Putin
be um let's say dumb enough to piss off
Trump on something that's not that
important I I feel like if he's going to
make Trump mad it better be on something
big but a 30-day ceasefire that's kind
of small potatoes so would Putin say no
to something so small knowing that it
could derail everything else this will
be a good test so let me make a
prediction I I I think I'm going to
reverse my opinion my first thought was
why would Putin say yes it will just put
him in a worse negotiating position than
he's in because he doesn't care he
doesn't care too much about his losses
he can sustain him for
longer but I'm going to say that if he's
as good a negotiator as I
think and Trump says to him look nothing
else is going to happen until you do
this this this has got to be step one
because we show at least this will show
that we're more interested in
negotiating than not
negotiating I think Putin might say
yes so it depends
entirely upon whether Putin thinks he
needs to manage
Trump vers is you know trying to get the
best Advantage he can on a minor
point so I'm going to say yes that'll be
my prediction and it would be almost
entirely because of Trump's personality
and the way he approaches things so
something that maybe another president
couldn't get done but
uh I think I think Putin would know that
you don't want to waste your your
Goodwill that he's developed with Trump
you don't want to waste that on
something not Terri terbly important so
I think Trump's going to get that if he
pushes it here's a little clarification
on Thomas Massie apparently the house
passed that continuing resolution now
background A continuing resolution is
when the Congress gives up on trying to
do a proper budget because they know
they can't get it done or they're not
interested or they wait until it's too
close to a holiday or something and then
they just say okay uh we'll just keep
the budget where it was for another six
months
and that's not good because the budget
is way too big and it's driving up debt
but this particular situation is a
little different because my
understanding is even though they're
saying the budget would stay the
same um inflation would suggest that
it's really a cut because if inflation
is going up but the budget is not well
it's sort of like a 3% cut
um if you have 3% inflation so I get
that argument but that's not much and it
doesn't address the Doge stuff but what
I think is going to happen is that even
if the budget says you have this much to
spend for the next six months if the
Departments that were going to spend it
have been suspended the people are fired
and it's been closed down or absorbed by
the state department or whatever else
what we should see is that the budget
stays the same because Congress just
failed to give us a proper budget and
incorporate all the Doge stuff but that
the actual
spending should be substantially below
the budget for the first time normally
normally you expect other uh the
government to spend everything it has so
they can ask for more next time well we
Ed every pen we had this time we better
you know we need 3% more next year so it
could
be that uh this will work out
fine but uh you know that Trump
threatened to primary Thomas Massie for
saying that he would be a hard now on
this and there was quite a bit of push
back so I was one of the ones that push
back and my problem with with it is not
that they
disagreed and my problem with it is not
that it was a good or bad idea to to do
the continuing resolution this time
because this one's not like every other
time because the Doge
stuff I do have reason to believe the
Doge stuff would be incorporated in the
spending part which is the important
part the budget is not as important as
the spending so maybe it was closer to
getting it right and maybe they just
need a little breathing room before they
can you know do a proper
budget maybe you know I'll give them a
little bit of benefit of the doubt but
um threatening to primary Mary the only
person who is more Maga than Maga and
the person who is wildly popular for
being a hardn UNS spending the guy who
wears a debt clock around his lapel and
gives them to everybody else so they can
be reminded that they're not doing their
job you need to get this budget under
control that's the last guy you should
be threatening you should figure out
some way to get it done despite him and
and I get I get that you know Trump just
goes hard at anybody who's on the wrong
side of any issue and he's you know
loves them if he if they on the right
side of the issue so I get that he's
been consistent but I feel like that was
just a
mistake um if he if he had simply tried
to slap him down with a a mean post on
Truth I'd say okay that's just normal
they disagree he said what he said
Massie said what he said but but
threatening to primary him that just
felt too far like I just can't get
behind that at all um now and it's not
like it's not like Thomas Massie was a
little bit the
enemy the things he wants are what Trump
wants and he wants it even more which is
to get the debt under control so if
somebody agrees with you harder than you
agree with
yourself that's not who you threaten the
primary so that just seemed like a
mistake to me and I saw a lot of other
smart people say the same but one of the
criticisms that people levied on Massie
was they said you're being hypocritical
and inconsistent because in the past you
have signed continuing
resolutions but Massie uh clarified he's
never voted for a continued resolution
that became law he said he did vote for
one under McCarthy that included an 8%
cut to all discretionary spend but it
didn't become a law now that's a good
answer because a continuing resolution
in its normal form means you spend the
same amount as you were
spending if if in any way they could
have gotten an 8% across the board cut
in all the spending and call it a CR
well yeah yeah I would expect Thomas
Massie to totally vote for that because
it's exactly what he's always asking for
let's let's be serious ious about
cutting and then figure it
out so I'm going to say that Massie has
acquitted himself well I like him
standing on principle I think I would be
s seriously disappointed if we didn't
have anybody in congress who said nope
you you're all wrong we cannot keep
spending at this level period
so I I like me some th as Massie in the
world um and I think this will all work
out now uh let me give you a
correction I'm not sure that's the right
word maybe it's a
clarification um I talked about Tucker
Carlson had this claim that Senator Tom
Cotton was in favor of blocking the
release of the JFK files and allegedly
according to Tucker had uh been not in
favor of some nomination don't know
which one because that person might have
wanted to release the JFK files
so what did Tom Cotton say about those
accusations he said on X this is false I
have no problem releasing the JFK files
had Tucker Carlson asked me I would have
told him and he said uh he meaning
Tucker has texted me multiple times in
recent weeks so he knows how to reach me
and then in a followup Tom Cotton said I
would have explained that I've never
spoken to president Trump or his
associates or Administration officials
about the file
never objected to the appointment of any
person because of the files and have
complete faith that tulsy gabber John
rockliffe pan Bondi cash Patel and other
officials will release the files as
appropriate in accordance with President
Trump's
directive now isn't this
interesting because you've got Tucker
Carlson saying a thing happened and he
was very adamant that he knew the thing
happened and then you've got the person
who was allegedly the person who did the
thing who was saying in the clearest
possible tone I mean this is really
clear that nothing like that
happened so here's my take I don't think
tker Carlson is a
liar I also don't think Tom Cotton's a
liar as far as I
know so but they can't both be right
because they're saying literally
opposites but I'm a little unclear about
Tucker Carlson's
Source did somebody that Tucker trusted
tell them tell him that something
happened and was that communicated
properly was it possible that the wrong
name was in the
story um so if I had to pick a winner
I'm going to pick Tom Cotton and the
reason is that I consider
myself um quite good at detecting BS
and the way Tom Cotton explained his
complete lack of involvement in this and
having done nothing even close to it is
the way that honest people
talk if he were
lying what you'd look for is stuff like
a very specific answer I I'll make this
up this would not be a good example but
it would be something like I did not
talk to Tucker on
Tuesday or I've never had a conversation
with Tucker about this CU that would
still leave open that maybe he talk to
somebody else right so there's a whole
bunch of
tells that Liars leave Tom Cotton left
no
tells that he he's speaking like
somebody who is absolutely telling the
truth now do I know that no no but if I
had to call it winner I would say that
Tucker's source is probably less
reliable and maybe it was just a
miscommunication maybe nobody had any
bad intentions could be just
miscommunication but uh this is one of
the cleanest denials you'll ever see and
if you see a denial this clean and this
comprehensive and he it looked like he
tried to cover every base so that you
couldn't say but did you say it to cash
Patel okay but did you say it to Pam
Bondi but but did you say it to some
else in the administration he just he
just
completely you know ruled out all of
that it looks honest to me so I'm I'm
going to rule Tom Cotton the correct one
on
facts well meanwhile uh RFK Jr has
called for the top Executives of some of
the big food companies like rafin and
General Mills and some others uh um to
remove artificial dyes before the end of
his term makes makes me wonder why that
would take so long why would it take so
long to remove artificial dyes you can't
do that in a
year it takes four years to do
that because if Europe has been removing
these artificial dyes
forever can't you just say Ring Ring Hey
Europe what are you doing right that
we're doing wrong
oh you just don't put them in there got
it isn't there some easy way to do this
like just don't do
it I don't know but maybe there's a uh
food
replacement that acts as a a Dye that's
more organic and maybe there's a supply
there might be a supply limitation on
whatever it is that Europe uses that we
don't so maybe there's a reason I mean
it it'd be weird to say that he wants it
before the end of his term if it were
easier to do so I'm going to trust that
RFK Jr knows what he's talking about
there but also um Daily Mail is
reporting that five big uh restaurant
chains in the US have decided to follow
um RFK Jr's
lead on getting rid of uh seed
oils and uh instead of cooking with seed
oil they're going to be cooking with
probably uh beef Tallow so I guess this
has already happened uh at one of the
chains Steak and Shake you probably saw
the news so the Steak and Shake
restaurant chain uh already moved to
beef
Tallow and uh looks like puy pop Popeyes
Outback Steakhouse sweet greens and
buffalo wild Rings um have either
already stopped or they're planning to
stop using the seed
oils now how many of you are convinced
that the seed oils are the devil and the
beef Tallow is the healthy
answer you know I'm uh I'm willing to
believe it but I don't trust any science
anymore I just don't trust science
anymore so I don't doubt that there are
studies that say that seed oil bad
beefed hell
good but this is the kind of science
that usually a coin flip meaning that if
you took any of these studies and you
tried to reproduce it there's only a 40
or 50% chance you could and and I'm not
and I'm not criticizing just this domain
of science I'm criticizing all domains
of science because generally speaking
this kind of um study is sort of a coin
flip you know I guarantee you that there
are studies that say that the seed oil
are fine even if they're not and I
guarantee that there are studies that
say that seed oils are the
devil even if they're
not
so um I
hope I hope the science is solid on this
but it does uh make me worry about
cooking at
home because you know what I don't cook
at you know what I don't do at home I
don't use any beef Tallow I never heard
of beef T until like a month ago what
the hell is beef
Tallow I I know it's something I'm not
going to put in my body because I just
don't
eat never
mind you don't need to know um but I
don't know see it seems like is olive
oil suddenly did olive oil suddenly go
from the healthiest thing you can cook
with to the
devil did it really so this is the sort
of thing where I feel like if you backed
up 20 years and waited to see how it All
Shook Up I just don't know if the
science holds up I just really don't
trust it I'm not saying it's
wrong I'm just saying I don't know why
you'd believe it was right given what
we've seen about every other bit of
science meanwhile Linda McMahon the
Secretary of Education according to
Newsmax says that Trump told her that
her job is to
uh essentially eliminate the Department
of Education so that's the thing she's
in charge of and uh according to her
Trump said that uh to be successful in
her job would be to put herself out of
the job now this is one of those perfect
situations where I think the the person
in charge is just ideally suited for the
job because there's no way that Linda
McMahon wants to be the Secretary of
Education forever and I don't think
she's looking for to run for higher
office it doesn't look like it's a like
a step to a higher office or anything so
probably she's just a patriot and she's
a high capability high functioning
executive type person and putting
somebody like that in that
job Kind of Perfect somebody who would
view success as getting rid of her own
job that's a rare thing if you if you
can get that right person in that job if
assuming you wanted to get rid of this
um so that's looking
good let's talk about Canada so Kevin o
as you know he's got a connection with
Canada and the US um I believe he was he
Canadian is he both Canadian and
American I don't know how that works but
he invests in both places he was on
Jesse water
show and he said something I hadn't
heard before but it's worth uh worth
talking about um he's suggesting that we
don't necessarily need Canada to be a
state all we have to do is remove the
economic
barriers so we could treat it like it's
this big economic
zone um without any friction caused by
artificial barriers anywhere so he says
uh that Trump's Vision but I don't know
that this is Trump's Vision so this is
this is uh Kevin o talking but he says a
US Canada economic Union so it would be
the largest economy on Earth and that
China would never catch up and the idea
is that Canada has just is just wildly
full of Natural Resources you know the
exact kind that the United States needs
and the United States is the biggest
market so if you combine the biggest
resource with the biggest market and you
get rid of the friction
um you know get rid of tariffs
Etc you might have the greatest economic
zone of all time it might be exactly
what we need to bring back manufacturing
and you know have access to all the raw
materials and everything now this would
not settle uh Trump's concern that we
the ones paying for the defense of
Canada so I don't know how that works
and then there would be all the wokeness
up there that would be hard to deal with
so I mean Canada would have to get rid
of its you know crazy Dei stuff if we
wanted to have a big economic zone
because you could almost imagine it it's
like okay we got rid of all the tariffs
and then we try to do a deal and then
the Canadians say all right we'll be
happy to sell you our lumber so uh just
as long as the board of directors of
your company has lots of Dei and then
we'd be like uh you can't just sell us
the
lumber you know so I think think I think
there would be more friction than it
seems like um just making any two
systems compatible is always going to be
a
challenge but I like what uh I like what
Kevin oir is adding to the
conversation which is that there there
might be this entirely reasonable Middle
Ground where both Canada and the US
would take a hit with some specific
Industries but in the long run it would
be wildly good for both maybe I I I like
that I like that new Option or that new
way of looking at it that it doesn't
have to be a state and that would be
just a pain in the ass turning it into a
state and that would be a lot of work
for maybe not a lot of
gain and then uh lutnick was uh talking
about Trump's
tariffs and he said the the markets will
learn let the deal makers make his deal
so he's not worried about the stock
market he thinks the stock market will
catch up with what's happening and uh he
said that that Trump's policy is going
to produce revenue and and according to
letnik who's a smart
guy letnik thinks that uh the the
tariffs are not
chaotic um it only looks chaotic if you
don't understand what's
happening H and then lck says that Trump
is making sure our trade Partners know
this is not going away and can't be
ignored and it's top
priority um I would add that it might be
the only way to get manufacturing back
to the country to our country um quickly
which is you have to make it wildly you
know expensive to not do it in the
United States that's what a tariff can
do but here's my uh current take on the
tariffs and this is very much informed
by lck's opinion so I'm going to adopt
this I saw I saw some other smart
opinions better too but here's what I
think on day one if Trump says I'm going
to ter you it looks like a bad idea just
a pain in the ass so then the other the
other country whoever it is says um all
right well I guess we get a tarff a few
things back with you then Trump says
great I'll give you another 25% tariff
for doing that and then the other
country says uh but wait that's crazy
well well we're going to stop giving you
electricity okay here's another 50%
tariff wait
what so here's what I think Trump's
actually
doing um and I realize I'm the you know
some call me the Trump Whisperer because
I'm always talking about his persuasion
skills you know his his four-dimensional
chess there is some four-dimensional
chess happening here that I had
completely missed and I was I was in a
wait and see mode like well I'm not sure
I fully understand this whole tariff
business and the way it's being handled
but maybe Trump does maybe his advisers
are really smart maybe they they're
operating on a different level let's
just see what happens here's my current
opinion you have to get their attention
first Trump is making the uh the trade
inequities as he would call them the
biggest priority for other
countries so nothing happens until you
can break through the noise so any any
country has a million things to worry
about domestically and foreign and if
you say hey something about a tariff has
something about a trade you can barely
get their
attention if you say we're going to
complete completely turn off your whole
industry suddenly you have their
attention so what Trump is doing with
the tariffs even with the chaos even
with the you know what looks like just
completely almost suicidal economic
policies that are so reckless some would
say so chaotic some would say that it
doesn't even look
rational
but is he successful F making those
other countries say to themselves uh
we're going to need to clear our
calendar because we need to handle this
right away because we can't really go a
month with a 50% tariff and if we
retaliate well we can hurt the United
States but we're going to get our ass
kicked for doing it so how about we
treat this like our highest
priority and that is what Trump wants
he wants them to treat it like their
highest priority has he
succeeded
yes yes I'll bet Mexico doesn't wake up
or Canada I'll bet they don't wake up
one day without saying oh God what am I
going to do about all these
tariffs now in the end one hopes that
you end up with a negotiated set of
agreements in which both sides feel like
you know it's not the perfect agreement
but that's how agreements work but it's
better than what it was at least for the
United States
so I
think that the I'm going to call it the
genius of what Trump is doing is he's
making it everybody's top priority
because you wouldn't get anything done
until you do that if they knew they
could kick the can down the road it's
like ah by the time some new president
gets in here you know we'll just stall
well a 50% tariff today there goes your
stalling good luck stalling good good
luck making it your second priority
 how about it's your top
priority now how about you stop worrying
about Dei a little bit and you look at
the fact that we just sto your whole
 industry from operating and
we're not going to stop doing it it's
got to be your top
priority Trump did that he just made it
everybody's top priority
now if nothing else came of it except he
made it everybody's top priority that
should allow him to negotiate
productively to get some kind of
agreement that isn't crushing anybody's
industry um Al although some would do
worse than others but that uh we'd end
up with a happy
situation suppose the thing that
happened with
Canada um because you saw that Canada
was going to cut off for electricity in
the Northeast but um then they said whoa
okay we we'll talk about it so we'll
pull back on
that we got their attention we got all
their attention the whatever they were
doing before the tariffs doesn't even
seem
important they're all in I'm trying to
figure out how to make this tariff thing
work and it's Trump's frame he he
created a world that didn't exist which
is tariffs are your top priority so he
creates that world and then he creates
so much uh I'm going to say energy but
his critics will say chaos it's the same
he creates so much energy that everybody
has to flow into his
frame once they're in his
frame that's when the fund begins that's
when the negotiating begins and he did
that nobody's ever done
that nobody's ever done that and I would
argue you I don't think anybody could I
don't think anybody could do what he's
done already just already now will it
all work out I don't know I don't know
will it allow um more manufacturing to
flow back to this country faster than it
would have I don't know but it's a hell
of a good
bet I'm going to do something that I
normally don't
do I'm going to give some investment
advice
but you got to be really careful with
this one because this this one's risky
all right and it's also not advice I'm
going to take because I'm a certain age
so I'm not I'm not gambling too much
with my money at the moment but if I
were
younger and I saw that the stock market
had just T taken a gigantic because
it didn't understand what was happening
I'd be buying
hard and and here's the philosophy
behind it the philosophy behind it is
uh invest in once ever
situations the things that will never
happen again so one of the reasons don't
Tesla stock and again these are not
stock recommendations I'm simply
describing a manner of investing so
don't take it as a recommendation please
but if you said to yourself wait a
minute there's only one time in history
that Tesla will introduce robots it's
only going to happen once there's only
one time in history that Tesla will
introduce self-driving
cars only
once there's a and you can make an
argument for other things like Nvidia
there's only one time that AI will be
brand new just once so if you can find
those situations like such as the
introduction of the smartphone when
Apple did it that's only going to happen
once the introduction if you had
invested in apple when they introduced
the smartphone well you'd be pretty
happy right now wouldn't you so I can't
recommend Tesla especially because
there's a lot of political risk
overhanging it so if you buy it and it
doesn't go well uh don't blame me but
what I'm saying is this tariff
situation is a once ever change it's a
gigantic SE change if Trump pulls it off
and the re the reshoring of the of
manufacturing one
it's only going to happen once so
whenever you see one of these gigantic
changes that could only happen once by
their very nature that's when you should
get serious about looking at your
Investments because because those are
the changes that give you the big hits
that are different from oh this company
makes 14% profit per year I guess I'll
get some of that I mean that could be a
great idea too as long as you diversify
so the only advice I'm going to give you
is
diversification diversification make
sure that you don't put all too much
money in any one thing and it'd be good
to spread it around but we might be
looking at one of the greatest economic
revivals in all of
history it might not
work but here's the other part of the
advice if it doesn't
work we're all dead because if if we
don't Doge the national debt
away we cannot survive that so when you
have a situation where if things don't
go well none of your money is going to
be worth anything literally your money
won't be worth anything the whole thing
falls apart if we can't get the 40
trillion of debt under control if we
can which would be a tremendous
accomplishment by musk and Trump and the
Doge people a tremendous accomplishment
and I and by no means by no means do I
think that's
guaranteed but you have one situation
where if it doesn't work out you're
going to be dead if they never tried
anything if they never tried to Doge and
they never tried to do tariffs you would
be dead because the the debt will
actually end the United
States we're we're talking about
actually starving to death that it's
it's a existential threat so on one hand
if you bet against
it and it doesn't work well nobody's
money is going to be worth anything it
wouldn't matter if you owned stock it
wouldn't matter if you had cash it's all
going to be worth
nothing but if it does
work if it does work stocks are really
cheap so the upside is maybe
amazing Maybe just pretty
good and the downside is if we don't do
this stuff you're
dead so this is a very rare investment
situation and um just just be aware of
it so again I I don't give Financial
recommendations don't buy any stock
don't buy Tesla because I said so
because I'm not saying so I'm just
saying when you see a once ever that's
that's your eyes should
widen this is a once ever it's it's like
the greatest once ever you'll ever see
probably so we'll
see meanwhile uh Trump sent a memo to
all the agency heads with this clever
little legal advice it tells them that
Court filing injunctions against them so
you know when the when the agencies try
to cut costs there's always somebody
going to do a lawsuit and then they'll
some judge that can say oh yeah you
better stop doing that um so that would
be the injunctions but apparently uh the
law says that uh that if there's an
injunction against one of the agencies
the plaintiffs which would be the
agencies uh can post um no I'm sorry the
plaintiffs would be the people
complaining and the ones who want to
stop the agency from cutting or firing
people so the plaintiffs would have to
post a security equal to the potential
cost of the injunction to the federal
government so in other words you can't
just shop for a friendly judge and get
the judge to wave his arms and sign a
piece of paper and then all progress
stops that's the current situation
they're going to have to find out how to
put up
money to to cover it in case the uh you
know in case things go the other
direction so that's really clever unless
there's some you know some kind of legal
Judo that can defeat this uh this might
make a big difference on the number of
injunctions that are stopping Doge from
doing what it wants to
do meanwhile over at the uh New York
Times according to semaphor in their
media newsletter they said that the New
York Times is uh shaking up its
editorial board and they're they're
moving some writers and they're firing
some writers and they'll have I think
fewer
opinion
people um but they're trying to get
better
opinions so they're trying to figure out
how to do that um you know what it
sounds like it sounds like the Democrats
in
general so it sounds like the New York
Times is saying our opinions are good
but sometimes the people explaining them
and the messaging isn't isn't right
that's what it reminds me of I feel like
the democ rats just have this one thing
which is if we can fool people into
thinking the way we want them to think
we win you know independent of any
reality that they seem to be just
completely message and persuasion
related without being connected to
anything real but the funny thing was as
part of the the story was I was reminded
that uh remember Krugman their Economist
who was sort of famous for having some
famous ly bad opinions about things but
he was also a Nobel Prize Nobel
economics
winner um he quit because he was so
heavily edited by the editors on his
opinion pieces so he said it was like
torture uh he'd wake up to see his
opinion piece in the New York Times and
then see it was Rewritten or that
important things have been removed or
changed and he'd be like my God that's
not even my opinion this is like
somebody else's opinion
so apparently at the New York Times your
opinion was not even your own opinion so
it was always some some weird mashup of
what the editors edited after you
submitted it can you believe that
professional writers at the highest
level Krugman being one would have their
their stuff edited not just for not just
for clarity and not just for you know
grammar or something like that but
rather
the
opinion the the opinions are not even
real there's some combination of an
editor's opinion plus the writer's
opinion and you as a writer or as a
reader you wouldn't even know what it
was you'd be thinking all right is this
one person's opinion or is this a mashup
of more than one person's
opinion anyway so it feels like uh New
York Times realizes that they produce
propaganda but they want to do it better
um that's what it feels
like now here's my other first
impression locally whenever I see a
restaurant that used to offer lunch and
dinner but not breakfast and then
suddenly they offer breakfast
too that restaurant's going out of
business because nobody wants to offer
breakfast lunch and dinner if you're own
a restaurant a small restaurant you
don't want to do all three it it's it's
would be a crushing workload it's you
almost can't make money on
brunch um you know lun lunch you can
barely make money on it pretty much you
do that because the landlord says you
have to be open for lunch and dinner is
kind of where you make your money we're
talking about small private restaurants
so whenever I see one say uh we're going
to try offering breakfast too that's the
last gasp that they're going out of
business pretty soon it means they can't
make money on lunch and dinner because
nobody who owns a small business would
add every morning to their to their
current workload that that would just be
crushing so when I see the New York
Times radically changing their
opinion piece I think H that's a that's
a dangerous sign for their
business meanwhile according to the post
millennial uh a Washington Post opinion
writer quit because the opinion writer
wrote a opinion that was uh negative to
their owner Jeff bezos's New Direction
that their uh their opinion pieces
should be limited to what uh freedom and
free markets I guess personal freedom
and free markets and so the columnist
wrote a opinion piece um disagreeing
with that as a direction and then the I
guess it was the editor uh killed that
piece and said uh no we're not going to
run we're not going to run an opinion
piece that says our owner got everything
wrong and so she
resigned after 40
years
um and this is what she said it was a
edit um she was a columnist named Ruth
Marcus and she said quote Jeff's
announcement that the opinion section
will henceforth not publish views that
deviate from the pillars of individual
liberties and free markets threatens to
break the trust of readers that
colonists are writing what they believe
not what the owner deems
acceptable do you see anything wrong
with
that do you think there's ever been a
time when the Washington
Post uh allowed their columnists to
write whatever they
want no do you think if Phil bump
decided that he was going to become Pro
Trump and then decided to write a bunch
of uh articles
in the Washington Post being just
unabashedly prot Trump you think you
think he would have kept his job I don't
I don't think that for a second so no
there's never been a situation where you
could write for a major publication any
opinion you wanted that's never been
true you always know what the boss wants
and you make damn sure that you're
within that umbrella or you get fired
this is or or you don't get published so
no this is totally fake it's always it's
always been the case that opinions had
to be within a narrow band and you knew
exactly what that band was based on who
your boss was so that doesn't look
real meanwhile in California two uh
Republican lawmakers who were in The
Minority of course in California they're
introducing a ballot measure to mandate
voter identification
and I guess uh Trump has said that he
might want to uh have that the law in
California in return for helping with
the fire relief now I don't know that
that's exactly what's happening um did
Trump really say that he wouldn't do
Fire Relief unless they had voter ID
laws I don't know but here's here's the
amazing thing
apparently a majority of Democrats
independent
and Republicans all want voter ID in
California it polls really well it's
another one of these 8020 things now
with Democrats it's a you know it's a
smaller majority but it's over
50% there's not one
group Democrat Republican or
independent that doesn't have a pretty
solid majority that want to voter ID now
apparently leaves the Democrat
leadership in California that doesn't
want
it doesn't that feel like a
confession because obviously it's a
practical thing to do because it's done
in other states and other countries
obviously it makes your elections more
secure and obviously the public wants it
and obviously the public would feel like
the election was more
valid if they had it and this is every
Everybody by
majority and yet the Democratic
Leadership has been completely against
it why would you do that unless you
thought it allowed cheating that kept
you in office it feels like just you
might as well just confess to a crime at
this point because I don't think there's
any chance that the Democratic
Leadership are in favor of this no
ID unless they are planning to use it to
cheat or they think it works in their
favor cheating wise so this is so
icky and to imagine that you know I live
in a state where the Democrat leadership
can just ignore the will of the people
and do something that looks so
corrupt that even even if you weren't
being corrupt wouldn't you be smart
enough to know that it looks
corrupt it doesn't look like anything
but corrupt if you said bcot there's
this other reason no there's not there's
no other reason it's purely in the hope
of corruption or in support of
corruption there is no other reason the
Democrat leadership would be in favor of
no voter ID let's let's be real about
that so we'll see where that goes
probably no place because the Democrats
are in charge in this
state according to
Gizmodo there are a bunch of tech execs
and rich people people want to build
Freedom cities in the US you know Trump
had said he wants to make some
government land federal land available
for building Freedom
cities um but there's this group that
has been um pushing for these
libertarian enclaves in Central America
and I think they've made some progress
they're the freedom Cities
Coalition so what they're trying to do
is build um communities where they're
just
well-designed and they've got uh big
corporate kind of
uh corporate let's say presence so that
you got jobs and you got housing and um
you have more of a Libertarian keep the
government out of my business kind of a
world so the idea behind them is to be
free of government interference
basically so you'd have the people who
organize these Freedom cities be in
charge of what the rules and local
regulations are and then you could see
if uh wise Rich successful people who
have a lot in common meaning they want
to build a place that that just works
just works really well um let's see if
they can may maybe it'd work maybe it
wouldn't but it doesn't look like the
government would be spending any money
um so as an
experiment I like it and apparently the
Trump Administration is showing some you
know positive Vibes toward the idea so
this is a an existing organization
they've they've got good history at this
point I've heard of them
before and they have very specific ideas
of how to build a freedom City that
would be free of all the red tape and
government crap and so that you know
maybe maybe you can build a nice little
manufacturing Zone with the right kind
of
workers so I love
I love the idea of it and I would say
you can't know if it's going to work
until you try and if you get a bunch of
billionaires who are willing to put
their own money into it I hope they're
not asking for government money that
would seem the opposite of what they're
up to but uh yeah let's try
it meanwhile according to Breitbart News
Lee zelden over at the uh the
environmental production agency he's
canceled $2 billion worth of diversity
Equity inclusion environmental justice
grants how in the
world was that ever a
thing over $2 billion doll of
Dei oh my God and uh so he's canceling
over 400 Dei and environmental grants
400 my God across nine Grant
programs uh actually totaling 1.on 1.7
billion
bringing their total savings to 2
billion and and here's the funny part
apparently the Biden
Administration
spent they spent millions of dollars on
a museum to praise their environmental
justice work and
their their little their little
douchebag Museum was the size of a
one-bedroom of apartment just blocks
from the White House it was costing
hundreds of thousands of dollars PR
year what kind of is
that an
environmental environmental justice
[Laughter]
Museum doesn't it feel like the
Democrats were literally just making up
stuff uh how about I do the
environmental di Justice
Museum and I'll be the I'll be the
director and uh you'll only have to pay
me half a million dollars a year and uh
we'll build a we'll bu we'll build a
tiny little
Museum and what exactly would you see in
that
museum did you ever say to yourself you
know I'm going to go to Washington DC so
we'll you know we'll visit the Lincoln
Memorial and we'll see the capital and
take a tour of the White House but boy
we really we're really excited about the
environmental justice
Museum and the what what did Stacy
Abrams Get $2 billion to buy appliances
you good appliances for people none of
this seems real it it just seems so
insanely criminal and corrupt that um
you know there was a time when I thought
there's no way we're going to balance
the budget just by getting rid of waste
fraud and ab use and it's going to have
to cut deeper into the bone but now I
think we could because it seems to me
that Democrats are just a criminal
organization and I mean that literally
it seems like Democrats with all the Nos
and the the weird suspicious funding
especially for Dei and especially for
environmental stuff it looks like it's
just a criminal organization and it's
being unwounded by the Trump
Administration if we don't get killed by
domestic
terrorists um did I see that Steve
Bannon had agreed to go on Gavin
Newsome's podcast is that really going
to
happen I saw just a mention on social
media so I'll need a fact check on that
but that would be interesting I'm pretty
sure i' would watch that now I have to I
have to give Gavin Nome some
credit the the whole I'm going to do a
podcast thing it's look looking smarter
every day just looking smarter and if he
keeps having Republicans on especially
the ones you know who have the most to
say um he might be able to pull this
off because I think he's correctly
identified that it's just a great way to
communicate and if he gets the right
guests people will definitely watch
it I don't know I I would be concerned
that if he didn't want him to be in a
higher office he's uh he's executing
pretty well on at least this part of his
plan so I'd worry about that but uh Joel
poock was writing in Breitbart News
there's this new book that's uh talking
about all the bad things in California
it's called uh let's see the book is
called Fool's
Gold that was called yeah Fool's Gold
the radicals Conor the subtitle is too
long it's called Fool's Gold but anyway
it's about all the bad things happening
in California and one of the stories is
that
Nome um used some government funding to
arrange for a bronze bust of himself to
be sculpted and put inside City Hall to
commemorate his term as
mayor now uh and apparently when he was
asked about it he'd fainted ignorance uh
of the identity of the private donors
who funded it but apparently it may may
have been some funds that he had some
control over
so let me be fair if this book were
written to be the real secret bad story
of
trump I would
say I don't believe it because because
books that are about all the bad things
that one side does I don't think they're
the most credible things in the world
just by their
nature um so I don't know if this story
is real and if you don't hear news
version of it you haven't heard the
whole story so I don't know if it's true
but it's a fun story and it it it's a
little too on the nose because you think
of uh Nome as you know sort of a
arrogant self-promoting kind of a guy so
when you hear that he was behind funding
his own
bust it sounds kind of perfect but I'm
sure the the book is well researched so
um I guess the story is that it's in the
book so what what is true would be maybe
separate from
that anyway uh Chinese scientist figured
out how to use a new kind of amino acids
well not a new kind but a weaker kind of
acid to extract Almost 100% of the
lithium from old batteries according to
interesting engineering air colum is
writing now that's a pretty big deal
imagine if you could extract without
much effort
uh
99.99% of all the lithium in a used
battery that's a pretty big deal and you
know every day there are new
breakthroughs that uh will increase your
heating efficiency your battery battery
efficiency by 30% there's a lot going on
in this whole battery situation so
that's pretty exciting I guess this
would work on not just car batteries but
even like little batteries
anyway so ladies and
gentlemen that's what I had for today
I'm going to say hi to the locals
subscribers privately but for the rest
of you thanks for joining and I will see
you tomorrow same time same place if
you're on YouTube or rumble or X locals
I'm coming at you privately in
third
e
e
e e