but I'm pumpin boop boop and banna banna
papa pom pom pom yes it's not your
imagination I am up early today I've got
to do some things during my normal
periscoping time and so those few people
who are also awake get first first take
on the simultaneous em we're going early
this morning probably have a small crowd
but it's going to be worth it raise your
glass your chalice your mug your vessel
full of beverage and enjoy this
simultaneous it oh that's good stuff
uh-huh for those of you who are keeping
track Cristina and I are back together
well I want to say any more about that
but let's just say misunderstanding
solved so that's the good news but I
want to talk about some other stuff
let's talk about was Saturday Arabia and
what I call the half pinions so this is
a term that I coined myself a half
pinion is half of an opinion and we see
this in a lot of different areas where
somebody will say hey we have to
consider just the costs or we have to
consider just the benefits when in any
reasonable world you would you would
consider both the costs and the benefits
and you would see which one is greater a
half pinion says I'll just look at one
side of that and you're seeing that with
Saudi Arabia and it looks like this in
order to demonstrate a half pinion I'd
like to introduce my co-host Dale Dale
Dale could he come over here I'd like to
talk to you about the situation in Saudi
Arabia okay fine
what is your question so Dale it seems
more and more obvious the Saudi Arabia
was involved in the brutal murder and
dismemberment of a writer for The
Washington Post
what what should we do about that
there must be consequences there must be
consequences we cannot allow that moral
situation to go on there must be
consequences well Dale there would also
be costs to applying those consequences
so give me an idea of what exactly the
kind of consequences you're talking
about because then I could I could look
at the costs and the benefits because
then I would know oh you're talking
about not selling arms to Saudi Arabia
for example and then I could look at the
ramifications and how that would affect
our economy and our ongoing interests in
the Middle East so is that what you're
saying Dale I'm saying there should be
consequences there should be
consequences I do not think the brutal
Saudi dictatorship should get away with
us well I'm not disagreeing with you
Dale I'm just trying to understand your
full opinion
all right so yes we don't like this and
it should be discouraged but what
exactly are you suggesting that we do
about it should we attack Saudi Arabia
should we give them an economic
sanctions I have someplace else to be
seem so correct me if I'm wrong hasn't
the entire conversation look like that
the only person who is talking about the
costs and the benefits this president
Trump the crazy guy so the the guy who
is supposed to be the crazy one in the
conversation the one who's you know he's
biased he's got you know all kinds of
issues according to his critics he's the
only one who said yeah it's you know we
really need to get to the bottom of this
but keep in mind we have these huge
investments they're important ally for
the Middle East he's the only one saying
there are costs and there are benefits
so I think the members of the media need
to be a little more vigilant
about nailing people down who are
getting away too easily we're saying I
think there should be consequences if
you can't if you can't say what you
think those consequences should be and
also kind of visualize what would happen
if we applied them you don't really have
an opinion now let's talk about how
guilty we think MBS is is that the right
MBS so I'm talking about the Crown
Prince now we're learning that at least
a few members of the the alleged kill
team were close members of the princes
entourage you know they were part of his
security detail and so the thinking is
well it would be impossible for the
Crown Prince not to have been aware and
not to have authorized this operation to
which I say it's possible you cannot
rule out the fact that ya Muhammed bin
Salman MBS you can't rule out the
possibility that he did know every part
of it and he authorized it definitely
possible but let's put some context on
it if you look at some of the biggest
stories about our government the
government of the United States some of
the biggest stories have been underlings
doing things that the leader didn't want
him to do
there were leakers there were people who
talked to the press yeah you know for
fire and fury there were people who
started rumors that were not true there
were allegedly people in the deep state
who were working against an elected
president it seems to me that in the
United States it is more the rule than
the than the exception that the members
of the government are doing things that
the president doesn't know about and
really really wouldn't like because he's
there acting against the president in a
big company is very typical for a CEO to
be blindsided by something the staff
does it's not everyday but it's a normal
situation let me give you an example
when I was working for the phone company
when I also was doing Dilbert and
Dilbert had become a you know a big a
big deal by that it was already a famous
property and I was into all kinds of
news stories and part of the story was
he works for Pacific Bell and during the
day but at night he draws a comic about
the workplace so that was sort of the
hook and I knew the thing was the CEO
not president CEO of Pac Bell he had
contacted me because he was just a
Dilbert fan so ordinarily I was too many
levels down and management to ever talk
to the CEO but I had contact with him
I'd met him we'd had some some
conversations because he was just a
Dilber fan well one day my boss decided
to ask me to leave you know it was a
friendly conversation but and I had I
had offered that I would leave whenever
they needed me to so soon after my boss
essentially fired me but it was a
friendly firing I get a call from the
CEO who is just talking about some
Dilbert stuff you wanted I guess he saw
a comic he liked I forget what it was
and I said that I had just been fired
and here's the CEO who was a fan of mine
and he's just finding out that his
underling fired me
now was that unusual not really because
it's typical in a big company that the
CEO knows a little bit of what's going
on the big stuff and then there's this
just whole universe of stuff that's been
delegated but you ask yourself that
doesn't really apply to the big stuff
the CEO clearly knows the big stuff
well does he let me let me say this if
hypothetically MBS the Crown Prince had
said to his security staff we've got to
silence this period
figure it out I don't need to know the
details but just make sure this critic
is silenced obviously the first choice
is to buy him off or or to bring him
into the kingdom to co-opt him that's
always the first choice but if you need
to get the second choice figure it out
yeah just mid just make it happen so
there's an entirely good chance that the
president or I'm sorry that the Crown
Prince gave a general order that the
specific guys who murdered this guy and
dismembered him were interpreting you
know in their own way so it could be
both true that the crown prince didn't
know exactly what was that going to
happen
he may have he may have known the
universe of possibilities but there's
probably a good chance he didn't know
the details and that would make sense
also because you would never want to be
in a position that he recording or or
digital communication came up that tied
him to any kind of a crime and it seems
to me that would actually be the more
normal situation would it be more normal
that the security services tell the boss
of all the wet work they're doing or
would it be more normal for them to say
look boss just you know we'll take care
of it just don't ask too many questions
I don't know so we'll we'll have to
grapple with that but let's get end of
the half pinion territory and have full
opinions if we do it now something very
exciting this is very exciting this is
like one of the most exciting things
disguised as something that's not
exciting that you've ever seen is it's
huge so what am I going to tell you is
one of the best things that's ever
happened to civilization you just don't
realize it yet and here it is Bill Gates
has announced that he's part of what he
calls the breakthrough and energy
ventures be evey breakthrough energy
ventures that's putting more than a
billion dollars into promising companies
that can work on various elements of
climate change wait wait wait
I know what you're saying you're saying
climate change
hoax this so this is all nonsense right
well we're talking Bill Gates here all
right so when Bill Gates says climate
change is something that's dangerous and
we have to work on it the first thing I
do is I say okay here's my IQ here's
Bill Gates and we disagree okay if that
doesn't make you stop and say what's
wrong with my thinking I just don't
think you're a rational player if you
can see Bill Gates disagreeing with you
on something that involves science and
business and technology and he's got a
firm opinion and it's different from
yours
you should freaking listen to it it
doesn't mean he's right but if you're
just missing Bill Gates who has really
looked into it with his IQ with his
resources and he has a different opinion
than you do take that seriously doesn't
mean he's right every time but here's
the thing his approach appears to be
independent of whether there's really
carbon going into the atmosphere from
humans whether it really makes a
difference so his approach is mostly to
improve the technology of things that we
would want to do anyway so I'm pretty
sure that his approach and I'm going to
describe it in a moment and this is the
innovative part I believe his approach
would be compatible with a Trump
approach compatible with everybody
else's approach because it's really just
making transportation and industry more
efficient okay so even if Bill Gates is
completely wrong about climate change
about the risk about the role of man
even if he's wrong about all of that
everything I'm going to describe is
still a really really good idea that's
frickin Bill Gates right Bill Gates
finds a way to win no matter what
so if climate change is real this is a
good idea I'll describe it in detail the
minute and if climate change is not real
we still want to do all of this stuff
because you want your energy costs to go
down you want to be more efficient you
want to pollute less right so all those
things we want indepen
of whether climate change is as the
scientists have described so let's get
that straight here's the approach and I
want to see if you can recognize this
approach those of you who watch my
periscopes tell me if you recognize what
he's done so he's created a fund of
private investors and they are they're
looking at companies that are
specifically in the business of
addressing things that would be
important to climate change but would
also be important if climate change
wasn't a problem because we'd still want
to have a lower cost transportation we'd
still want to pollute less etc so the
first thing he's done and see how
familiar this sounds is he broke the
problem down so you can see which
portions of you know activities are
causing the most problems and here's his
breakdown he says that 25% of now he's
talking about climate change and carbon
but it'll translate into the other
things I was talking about 25% of the
problem is electricity and renewables
24% of what's happening with climate
change is cattle and our agriculture 21%
manufacturing 14% transportation 6%
buildings just the technology used into
making building materials is bad then
there's a final 10% that's miscellaneous
so the the first thing Bill Gates has
done is he said he said these are the
biggest causes these are the biggest
problems here's 25% in it
here's 21% of it etc now he's identified
here's the fun part
he's identified startups and
technologies that address each of those
categories so you could tell oh if this
if this company works out and does what
it says it's going to do it could affect
the 25 percent or it could affect the 16
percent you would know exactly what part
of the equation you're working on
there's no government involved in this
there's no government funding at least
that's not part of the system there
might be some government funding but
it's not important
to this so he's created a portfolio he's
drawn attention to it with his Bill
Gates magic as whatever Bill Gates does
people pay attention to and then he's
funneled all of this you know
billionaire money into the companies
that could most quickly make a
difference to the climate and if climate
isn't really the issue they would most
quickly make a difference to more
efficient transportation less pollution
and all those things that are good
so think about think about how good this
system is he's identified and simplified
the situation he's got a system that
works whether your base assumptions are
right or wrong you could have the wrong
assumptions about climate change and
this is still a genius idea
it's a genius system right now a goal
would be let's do something about
climate change well what do you do a
system is let's go through this system
let's identify the companies let's make
sure they have funding and and sunshine
and and attention and let's do it as
quickly as possible we don't know which
of these companies will will be the ones
that make a difference that's why there
are a lot of them all right it's a
portfolio approach all right now the
reason I was so excited about this is
this is identical it's identical to the
idea that I gave on periscope just a few
days ago my domain was healthcare and I
was suggesting that there'd be something
called the president's portfolio the
president's portfolio is exactly this
idea except branding it with the
president's name instead of you know
having Bill Gates being the lead the
lead voice on it but it's exactly the
same and the idea was that we would look
at health care costs we would break them
into their categories exactly the way
Bill Gates did and say for example this
percent is from hospital care this
percent is from medication this percent
is from you know doctor fees doctor
visits whatever so whatever that is then
you would find all the startups that are
working on reducing costs and those
those areas you would list them you
would put them in a portfolio you'd make
sure that people knew that these
companies are would have the greatest
chance of working on this percentage of
the costs and then you would just shine
a light on them and you'd say hey
billionaires you have plenty of money
and you want to help you just didn't
know how I just told you how okay Bill
Gates just showed us the way he just
showed us the way if I when I was saying
this on periscope I got the feeling that
some people were saying yeah that's an
okay idea but when Bill Gates does it
suddenly takes it to another level level
of credibility right it's not talk he's
already done it you know I was talking
about it he did it but we should take
this model and extend it to other
categories a healthcare is the obvious
next place to do it in fact maybe Bill
Gates will do it but the the idea of the
president's portfolio and this was my
branding for it was that the government
is not investing they're just doing
exactly what Bill Gates did they're
chunking up the problem to make it
convenient to know where the big costs
are and then he's these identifying
companies that work on it all right
I'm probably got way too nerdy on that
but I think you get the idea that we
don't need the government to be
investing and solving the problems and
doing the thinking we might get some
help from the government in identifying
companies where private investment can
flow to save our big problems very very
exciting all right
those were the two things that I wanted
to talk about this morning I will have
to get going later I'll be talking to
Adam Carolla later and tomorrow Ben
Shapiro
so I've got to go down and talk to them
I'm not sure when those things air yet
but I'll let you know I'll tweet about
when they do you just described grants
man not really because grants are really
a government program government funding
so what I what I described is very much
different than grants yes the soft cover
version of when Bigley is coming out at
the end of the month just a few weeks
and so I'm doing another small PR tour
just to talk about that again so by the
way by the way have you noticed how much
of the things that I wrote in when
Bigley for those of you who've read it
have become the common way of looking at
the universe now have you noticed that
the things that I talked about this
seemed radical and just ridiculous just
two years ago are now common knowledge
well one of them is is this two movies
on one screen thing that I talked about
too much but you see that the the normal
press talks about this now all the time
so the regular the mainstream media and
everybody else has come to the
realization that we're not always
disagreeing on even the same topic we're
actually in different movies so so we're
imagining the other side in this
caricature that doesn't exist and
they're imagining you in in a caricature
that doesn't exist with facts that
aren't true so you're both living in
these artificial realities and you can
see that people get that now the other
the other thing that I said back in 2015
that now is just becoming common
understanding is that what the things
the President Trump does are really
really persuasive and the things that
people thought were crazy and you know
just all the bad things they thought
about him are now generally considered
to be smart and effective there's still
disagreement of whether whether he
should be doing this stuff but I think
there's now complete agreement
it works I also told you in wind Bigley
that you can get used to anything and
that you have to really watch that
effect the the getting used to things
you didn't think you could get used to
and then it changes everything over time
and never was it more obvious than with
the latest tweet by Trump about stormy
in which he called stormy Daniel's horse
face just just put your head back four
years ago you know before President
Trump and imagine if you could have
imagined that the President of the
United States would send a tweet talking
about the porn star he allegedly had an
affair with and calling her a horse face
you could not imagine it it would
literally be unimaginable okay but since
we can get used to anything or the by
the time that the horse face tweet came
out I don't know if he had the same
reaction that I did but it was yeah I
laughed because of the audacious I bet
because it was obvious the president was
trying to you know distract attention
and and and he was trying to control the
the news which he did quite effectively
but it didn't seem shocking right four
years later we actually got used to the
fact that we could wake up in the
morning to see a tweet from the
President of the United States calling
calling a poorest porn star horse face
and and everything about that just
seemed like yeah that could happen that
seems pretty normal so I called that
back in 2015
said you're going to get used to it you
also see that Trump's critics are trying
to imitate him but they can't figure out
what the active ingredients are so so
the critics of the Trump the Democrats
let's say are looking at what Trump did
and they're saying all right we've got
to use the good stuff whatever he's
doing this working we're going to have
to copy that but they don't know the
active ingredients
the active
our technique persuasion visualization
you know asking for more than you think
you can get controlling attention you
know branding people with clever little
names that stick for you know they have
a lot of technique built into them so
those are the active ingredients but if
you don't know that world and you don't
understand persuasion and I think that's
true for most of the Democrats what
you're looking at is somebody who just
looks crazy and spontaneous and you
don't understand anything he's doing
nothing that Trump does make sense to
people who don't understand technique
they don't understand branding they
don't understand persuasion and so
they're Democrats have quite a
hilariously tried to imitate the least
active part of what Trump does and in
fact the only part that's bad which is
the be mean of being a bully being being
too aggressive it's the only part of
what Trump does this sort of the I would
call it the unpleasant side effect so as
much as I appreciate the president's
technique I think it's fair to say it's
it's got rough edges so instead of the
Democrats picking the good parts they
picked the rough edges they picked the
only part that you shouldn't copy it's
the only part you should copy all the
other stuff and if you get some rough
edges to well maybe you live with them
because sometimes it just comes with the
rest of the stuff but to only copy the
rough edges and say let's let's be bad
to people in public and yeah and let's
let's go way too far is hilariously
ineffective anyway so I think that
wouldn't Bigley has not only stood the
test of time but has documented it
before it happened so some people write
history books I wrote a book that
described both the history history the
present and what was going to happen
next
now that
I never split the difference I have not
read that book alright just looking at
your they copy you but no credit you
know the other thing that I started
saying early on was that Trump was
playing 3d chess and then the people who
wanted to counter that message because
it was positive for Trump they countered
it with sarcasm how many times if you
had seen a critic say something that
really is addressing me and it says well
I I have to bring you them tail to do
this well I don't think he's playing 27
D chess Dale it's 3d chess 3d chess was
the original the original love thing I
know it's funnier if I increase the
number from 3 to 27 he's not playing 27b
chess so you know you have something if
even the critics can't stop saying it
right if the critics can't stop playing
with your own branding then you have
effective branding so you can see that
everywhere now yeah 45 VHS exactly
somebody says you're just rambling and
defensive two movies one screen am I
going to write another book like gods
debris it might be impossible to write
another book like gods debris it might
be impossible I don't know I I have been
thinking about writing a book in which
people realize they're in a simulation
but I feel like that would look too much
like the matrix it wouldn't be a book
where like real people are plugged into
a matrix it would be that there are no
real people that we are just the matrix
and if you can figure out the matrix you
can hack it
you would have powers with it within the
simulation all right
will there be mobs talk about the time
of King's Story you know that would be
interesting how many people thought that
when I first started talking about this
simulation which was also around 2015
how many of you thought that that would
become common conversation have you
noticed that that talk about the us
being in a computer simulation went from
sort of a fringy strange thing to the
way a lot of smart people talk
coincidence have you ever seen a UFO I
have I have seen a UFO I don't know if
I've seen an alien but I've seen flying
objects that I couldn't identify Trump
said he will close the southern border
well I don't know about that yeah this
caravan could not work out better for a
president Trump the timing of it is
insane some say it's still a fridge is
strange thing to talk about the
simulation you say Tucker Carlson had an
anti weed segment lesson I didn't see it
you know the the anti weed people I
think are well-meaning but they may be
expressing half pinions accidentally
because the the half pinion on marijuana
is wouldn't it be great if it never
existed a number nobody ever had it and
nobody would ever get lazy and nobody
would ever have a problem with it and I
think that's that's certainly half of
the question but the other half is what
are they getting an event I would say
we'd probably saved my life but
I don't think I'm normal so I think that
my personal my personal impression of
weed is that it doesn't have
recreational value in the normal way but
it has a lot of health benefits so I
don't recommend it for recreational use
I don't use it for partying I've never
used mahoma say never but nah since
college have I used marijuana as a party
drug I only use it for for the benefits
all right I'm going to talk to you later
I've got to go off and do some stuff
talk to you later bye