bum-bum-bum-bum-bum hello everybody come
on in here
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
and while you're streaming in here all
hundreds of you hundreds possibly
thousands of you coming in already I see
you April and the rest of you some of
you who don't have names that sound like
names but I see a Jeremy and Orion and
in BD and Linda come on in and if you've
got a cup or a club cup or a glass or a
mug if you've got a tank or just diner
jealous if you have a thermos if you
have a flask if you have a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee because it gives me that
dopamine rush they kiss my morning off
to a good start
join me please for a little thing I call
the simultaneous it if it happens now
good stuff all right my favorite
persuasion error of the day and ready
for this here's the error of the day in
the persuasion world
I remember the the regular world is
where people imagine the facts and
reasons and policies make a difference
to people's decisions they obviously
make a difference in the real world but
maybe not to their political decisions
whereas in the in the real world the one
that I live in the persuasion realm
people associate things irrationally so
if you can associate somebody with some
bad character you win even if there's no
logical association between them you
just have to pair things and then they
take on the qualities of the other this
is important because the anti-trump
press just made one of the biggest
persuasion errors you're going to ever
see which I might have made a little bit
worse for them and it was the story
that ex-president Jimmy Carter now in 95
years old claimed in an interview on
stage and then he was then it became the
news on say then he claimed that
President Trump did not win the election
legitimately
but that Russia through the election to
Trump now here's the problem
independent of the claim itself which I
think we would agree has been debunked
by the Muller report that's not really
the story now that's the story that's
being reported in the two dimensional
realm in the two dimensional realm
there's an important person the next
president he's got an opinion has
something to do with things we've talked
about Russia collusion it's a story
right that's a lady the story it's a
story but here's the problem who is on
your mind right now
well Jimmy Carter's on your mind because
that's the story who else is on your
mind for possibly being too old to be a
president that's right Joe Biden and
completely unintentionally the
anti-trump media digs up this Jimmy
Carter
you know zombie corpse probably famous
as being the worst president we've ever
had at least in you know the modern
memory the worst president we've ever
had who is also clearly too old hey
let's talk about Joe Biden now do you
see the problem hey we're talking about
Jimmy Carter the worst Democrat
president there ever was and he's way
too old and he's saying crazy stuff hey
let's talk about Joe Biden now you get
it it's the worst persuasion mistake
they've ever made maybe there was it's
the worst one I can remember because
they've now paired your memory of Biden
with memories of Jimmy Carter worst
president ever who's too old is
it's really it's devastating now I said
earlier that I magnified their error
well I couldn't help it so I did a
Twitter poll hey you know Twitter polls
are not exactly scientific but
somebody's saying it's on purpose
because they're trying to bury Biden
could be but yeah I won't rule that out
so I won't assume that I know their
intentions I'll just say that was
devastating for Biden so that's a good
correction thank you for that so anyway
it looks like CNN is really running out
of material because they lost a vanetti
that that kind of fell apart and if the
best you can do is a next president
who's not operating on all cylinders
right it's not looking so good for at
least beating president Trump have you
noticed that even even the Democrats are
now saying out loud that they don't have
anybody who can beat who can beat Trump
it feels like even I think Morning Joe
was even saying there yet he doesn't see
anybody who could be Trump and I think
he's right I think he's right Trump at
this point just has to stay out of
trouble now what are the odds that Trump
will stay in the trouble between now and
Election Day well probably zero right I
mean he may not do anything
intentionally but there's always
something he'll get blamed done blamed
for so it could still could be fun all
right let's talk about the president
Trump a little bit Oh before we do that
let's talk about Biden a little bit but
so here's a here's a quote from Biden he
was just addressing a hundred and fifty
supporters in a fundraiser and he said
he was in the 2020 race this is Joe
Biden because USA is at a turning point
is that a good reason he's he's in the
race because the USA is at a turning
point that doesn't even make sense
but he goes on so let's see if the
reason follows quote it doesn't mean I'm
going to win doesn't mean I'm the only
person who can be a good president I
hope I can make a contribution now one
of the things I got to read that again
and I want you to hear it as
capitulation yeah somebody in the
comments is calling it loser speak
that's what it is one of the things that
I learned in hypnosis class which is one
of the most useful things I ever learned
is that people reveal their intentions
by their choice of words now the most
useful way that you can use that rule
that people reveal their secret
intentions or their secret thoughts by
their choice of words is if you're
trying to seduce somebody would you like
some like a tip on seduction here it
comes
people who are willing to be seduced so
we're not talking about convincing
somebody who isn't already there I'm not
talking about manipulation I'm talking
about simply reading people to know if
they're already in the mood because that
would be useful if you want to seduce to
know somebody's already there and the
way that you can tell they're there is
their choice of words and their choice
of words won't be direct yes somebody's
somebody's using my example maybe I've
used it before but if somebody is hungry
and instead of saying I'm famished
if they accidentally say man I'm
ravished if a woman says that if a woman
says man I haven't eaten all day I'm
ravished that's pretty much telling you
green light now that's you know kind of
an on the nose example but you'll see
that in in their choice of words in
general people will also give up their
kinks but through their choice of words
so if somebody likes to be tied up for
example they'll actually use that kind
of language in their normal talk so
they'll talk about well I got roped into
this this project and
I couldn't get away I was all tied up
and stuff like that
so as a hypnotist one of the things you
learned is that people broadcast their
secret thoughts through their specific
choice of words and if you don't think
that works just keep an eye on it that's
all I'll ask I want you to make a claim
because I don't have a scientific study
for this but just watch it see how often
people do broadcast their inner thoughts
by their specific choice of words
so Biden has an arrow signaled complete
capitulation I'm gonna read it again
just so you can hear it now that I've
described what you're looking for so
Biden said it doesn't mean I'm going to
win doesn't mean I'm the only person who
can be a good president I hope I can
make a contribution that last sentence
is capitulation I hope I could make a
contribution people who think they can
be President or at least haven't given
up yet don't talk like that
they say when I'm president and stuff
like that they don't say well I hope I
could make a contribution he in other
words he has already relegated himself
from future president to person who made
a positive effect on the race
yeah that's game over all right so as
Richard Barris who apparently is a
notable pollster a credible guy said in
a tweet today I and Richard bear is's
Twitter is at people's pundit people's
pump it with a underscore between
people's with an S and pundit he said
Joe Biden also returned to push the
dangerous lie about Charlottesville it
was his first speech a day after and not
so good debate performance I don't see
how we could possibly progress when
politicians keep returning to racially
charged lies to rescue their campaigns
and I tweeted that the Democrats had
become the the hoax party think about
the hoaxes so there's the Russia
collusion hoax
there's the fine people hoax the thought
the you know the hoax that the president
called nian
and white nationalists find people he
said the opposite if you watched if you
just look at the full transcript he said
the opposite a lot of people say he said
he did say that but they've only seen
half of the transcript before he
clarifies they specifically not talking
about them and then of course we saw we
saw Kabul Harris effectively use the
praised segregationist hoax the idea
that Biden praised the segregationist
when in fact it was the opposite context
so those are there are three most
prominent hoaxes and they really have
built an entire an entire platform
around it now some of you are ahead of
me and you're saying what about climate
change climate change is the biggest
hoax of all well is it I'm not a
scientist my current take on climate
science just to give you an update
because many of you know I've been
trying to do a deep dive into it
my current view is that I'm sure there's
something to the science but there's
probably a lot less to the prediction
models and they certainly don't include
the fact that that we could ramp up and
get smarter and do things if we got
desperate so where I'm at is I'm not
going to call it a hoax I'm just going
to say it's hard for US citizens to
penetrate the science to know what's
real and what is marketing that's where
we are right now bill Paul tey is
offering money to people on Twitter and
it's really really interesting now of
course he's doing it you know no secret
because it builds it gives attention to
his Twitter account and he'd like more
people to follow and if you're not
following Bill pulled a you should
because what he's doing is really really
good stuff for the country and
especially for the inner cities and what
he's doing is working on removing blight
by getting rich people including him
- to fund and also the government as
well to fund cleaning up areas that are
blighted so that they could be rebuilt
or at least you get rid of the crime and
the problems that are there and so he's
working on one of the most worthy social
causes in the country he's not elected
he's not an elected official he just
decided he had an ability so we went out
there and he's just putting his soul
into it to see if he can make things
better it's one of the one of the most
inspirational things you'll have
received but as part of that he just
offered $10,000 to anybody who can make
a the best case that they made it and I
think he's given away two gifts of a
thousand dollars a piece to some people
who really really needed it if you
haven't seen these thank-you videos it's
really touching I mean you really change
people's lives
for a thousand dollars and so now he's
got one out for $10,000 I don't think
he's awarded to yet but you should be
following him just for social reasons if
you can't do enough on your own you
think the world needs to be a better
place you don't think government is the
answer for everything
and you want to just boost his signal a
little bit he's a good person doing good
stuff and you should follow him at at
pulled a pul te outside pulled a follow
him on Twitter you won't regret it
alright so Trump of course is at the g20
and the big news is that he said that
you weren't he sent out a tweet saying
that if Kim jong-il and it happens to be
in the neighbourhood and you know he's
available maybe they should meet at the
DMZ when the president visits South
Korea tomorrow I think
which might be today because of the time
differences and they should just say
hello and shake hands now what do the
critics say well people like fraud for
Farid Zakaria and he was talking to Don
Lemon saying
he's looking too desperate he's trying
to get up he's trying to get a Nobel
Peace Prize he thinks that North Korea
is the way to do it and so he's doing a
really bad job
this is Farid he's doing a bad job of
negotiating because everybody knows
negotiating 101 is you don't act
desperate and acting like he wants to be
his friend is acting too desperate infra
Reid's opinion therefore it's just sort
of rookie rookie behavior that's my
interpretation of retreat here's what I
think Fareed gets wrong I think what the
president's doing not just with North
Korea but with all of the leaders that
you've got a problem with whether it's
Putin whether it's Saudi Arabia's prints
been solvent B what's it what's his
initials BS em they could never remember
Saudi Arabia's leaders name and initials
but you know I'm talking about so the
president I believe MBS sorry yeah MBS I
believe the president is setting a
standard for presidents by which all
future presidents will be compared and
they will not be compared favorably it's
gonna take a little time to understand
what he's up to
meaning what the president's up to by
being friends with all these people he
seems to be the only person who's been
president who understands how human
beings work he's the only one who
understands how human beings are wired
because if you're a salesperson what is
what is the first sale you have to make
before you sell your product the first
sale you have to make every time is
yourself you have to sell yourself if
you don't sell yourself you're not going
to sell your product basic talk about
salesmanship 101 talk about negotiating
101 you have to sell yourself then
once you've created a a friendly
situation a positive vibe then you can
sell the other thing now the other thing
that the president is getting right is
he knows there are two sales involved
three sales there are three sales that
have to be made one is the the sale of
the deal itself let's say the two
leaders come up with a deal eventually
they have to sell that to each other to
each other they have to sell it in the
negotiating teams but then separately
they have to sell it to their country
and that's two more sales so Kim jong-un
has to be able to sell it and President
Trump needs to be able to sell it
president Trump is preparing for all
three sales because he wants Kim jong-un
to walk a walk away from any deal that
they make you know that they agree to
and to be able to go to his country into
the people that you need support from
and say my friend the president and I
worked something out and I think it's
going to work out because we worked it
out we're friends and that's the most
important thing is that we you can't
make a deal under the understanding that
the person will never break the deal
this is very important a deal is only as
good as the individuals making the deal
the fact that you put something on paper
and even if you put some teeth in the
deal that doesn't stop anything from
happening right the deal is really just
a capturing trust between two entities
all right so the actual piece of paper
the deal even with the penalties built
into it is really just codifying and
writing down on a paper a level of trust
that the negotiators have have attained
with each other but it's the trust with
each other that's the deal that's the
deal
because the details of the contract can
you know they can be off a little bit
maybe you need to renegotiate and stuff
as long as the two parties are solid
with each other then the details are
going to be easy to work out if the two
parties are not solid with each other it
doesn't matter what the details say one
of them is going to cheat right
so the president is doing the deal
before the deal he's doing the important
deal the deal is the relationship that's
the deal the piece of paper they make
how many missiles do this who's pointing
what missiles at what who spends what
what penalties that's not the deal the
deal is the relationship and he's
building the relationship and I hope it
can last you know even when President
Trump becomes an ex-president whenever
that happens after his third or fourth
term I suppose he probably will be the
most important person in the country
because he will have still personal
relationships with a number of leaders
that might come in really handy to the
next president don't you think so yeah
and that's why Iran failed there was no
trust between the leaders I was exactly
correct somebody just said in the
comments so when we watched the
president doing the smartest thing the
president ever did which is which is
which is work on the personal
relationships we see that it's already
working
we see that for example working with
both China productively and Russia
productively and North Korea's leader
productively we're by far it is by far
the most productive thing anybody's ever
done in that part of the world by far
there's nobody even as close to this
this is a whole different level of
intelligent approach to the problem now
the President did when nobody else could
do he was really the perfect person for
the job because the president already
had a brand that he could work with
anybody yeah if you look at his his
personal life forever you can see that
he's he's open to literally everybody
there's almost nobody who who he's not
willing to talk to and form some kind of
relationship with for productive reasons
and that's the sort of his superpower
and you're seeing that I don't think his
superpower will be fully appreciated
his during his term but here's my
prediction for the long term wait for
this one long term prediction president
Trump's style of pre friending
befriending the leaders of these frenemy
countries will be considered the
standard by which all other presidents
are compared forever he's changed it
forever because you can never you can
never be a jerk to another leader if
you're the president of the United
States without a lot of people saying oh
you know there was this other president
who wasn't a jerk to these people and
even though they are evil he got a
better result than you're getting by
treating them like jerks one of my good
friends who was a who's suffering
greatly from TDS wrote me a long and
passion letter and he said that based on
these latest accusations against
President Trump from a gene Carroll was
it the writer and he said to me how can
you be supportive of this president when
you know that that this accusation is
there and of course he believes all the
accusations because he's a Democrat so
he actually thinks all this stuff is
true you actually think that he thought
they'd eaten Carroll sounded credible
now I said well you know there's a lot
going on right we got the economy that
he's doing well
we've got North Korea this looking good
we're negotiating with China for the
first time the way we should have we may
have a chance of having a non nuclear
Iran things were going well and a whole
bunch of ways and so I pointed that out
and my friend said he said well he
couldn't he couldn't possibly support
him because of this allegation this non
credible allegation from this one person
about something that may or may not have
happened 20 years ago that has nothing
to do with politics and I thought what
is wrong with him like that there's
really something wrong with your brain
if if you would reject on principle this
this leader who clearly has a skillset
that is productive like not just
productive but we're talking trillions
of dollars productive we're talking
feeding the poor we're talking lowering
unemployment we're talking prison reform
effective we're talking super super
effective you know in most of the right
ways you know depending on your point of
view and you would you would throw that
away
because you have the bad feeling about
this one thing they that there's no
solid evidence even happened how is that
rational that's not even close to being
rational you know and of course he
throws out the the old I don't believe
that the ends justify the means if you
ever hear anybody say I don't think the
ends justified the means you're talking
to somebody who's got a mental disorder
or they they studied the wrong things in
school because in the real world you
always look at all the costs and all the
benefits before you make a decision you
don't ignore any of them you look at all
the costs and all the benefits and then
you see which is better you know yeah
which direction is better my friend who
by the way has a very good education and
IQ wise would be one of the smartest
people you've ever known and yet he says
I would not do this I would not do this
gigantic basket of goodness because
there's this tiny speck of thing I don't
like that isn't even relevant to current
to the current times it just makes me
feel dirty and he would think that that
was a rational way to see the world and
a rational way to make decisions I don't
think it was yeah so somebody you're
saying ethics ethics are variables I'm
now saying ethics are unimportant they
are important
they're a big part of being human but
ethics are not the only thing that's
important and the example I like to use
is would you lie to a terrorist to save
your child's life yeah you would
is is lying unethical yep but of course
you would because you if it were your
child who is gonna die you would look at
all the costs and all of the benefits
you wouldn't say well it is my child and
I am rather fun than my child but don't
make me a liar I don't want to go
through life knowing I'd lied to a
terrorist how will I live
aiming so people who can't look at all
the costs and all the benefits should
not be taken seriously the Trump
administration as you know has passed
what is what kind it's either a rule or
something I don't know if it's an
executive order or rule but requiring
drug companies to mention their prices
in advertisements this is really
interesting do you think there is any
other president who would have been able
to make a change to require drug
companies to explain their prices so
here's another question for my friend
who thinks Eugene Carroll's accusation
should determine who is president I
don't think any other president could
have done this now one of the raps
against Trump is that Fox News is people
are calling you state-owned media
because they're so friendly to the
president the first thing I would say is
they're not all friendly to the
president so Fox News is not 100% on the
same page you know there are some
anchors there who are not so friendly to
the president but that aside I don't
know that a normal president
could have maintained such a
relationship with Fox News at the same
time there he's absolutely gutting their
advertisements there there
main source of income for Fox News is
advertisements right that's their
business model the advertisements most
of their advertisement as far as I could
tell is pharmaceutical companies who who
reject this idea of transparency in the
prices of course of course they object
now what other president could look at
them and say okay the news networks are
gonna side with you because you're there
you're their source and have come of
course there could aside with them at
least at least they'll be biased in
favor of them and not decide necessarily
but he did it anyway he did it anyway
because he's not gonna lose Fox News
even if he he could take Fox News's
income down 25% and he might I mean this
could make a big difference to the
pharmaceutical companies who knows but
Trump is willing to do that he would
take 25 percent off of Fox News's bottom
line to solve drug drug prices he would
do that
what other president would do that I
don't know I'm not sure there's another
one who's strong enough brave enough
determined enough I mean I think he's
got a special skill set for this sort of
thing and it goes back to the Willie
Brown quote from long ago as my favorite
quote Willie Brown California politician
was asked years ago when there was some
question about cigarette tobacco
companies and there was a bill coming up
preventing smoking or something like
that maybe taxing them I forget but it
was something that the tobacco companies
cared about a lot and somebody said hey
Willie Brown the tobacco companies are
huge contributors to your campaign how
in the world can you be unbiased and
vote against them should you decide to
do that and Willie Brown said the best
thing I've ever heard a politician say
he said if you can't take somebody's
money and then turn around and stab him
in the back you're in the wrong business
[Laughter]
Hey so Willie Brown just said in public
yeah I'm gonna take their money and if I
need to stab him in the back that's
that's the job because if you can't give
somebody and the way he framed it was
just brilliant you know you say yeah you
could get somebody you won't do that but
you don't want them right you could find
the politician who won't take somebody's
money and then turn around and stab him
in the back wall or everybody's watching
you think you could elect that person
but don't it's a bad idea don't do that
so Trump is that person you will take
your money and if he needs to for the
good of the public you'll stab you in
the back I mean that in a good way
Trump also talked about Russia and food
and of course he made that joke about
his offhand comment to Putin when in
four other reporters when they said are
you gonna ask Putin not to meddle in the
election this time and he looked at
Putin with a smirk and said don't meddle
and then he said later that he brought
it up etc we don't know how strongly he
brought it up we will never know what
that conversation looked like but once
again does it matter that does it matter
that Putin and Trump are friendly it
probably does it probably does matter
alright and do you think that Trump
could be friendly to Putin in his face
and then also stab him in the back if
Putin decides to mess with our elections
you know he could you know he could
would you know that about another
president would you be confident with
another president that he could be so
friendly with Putin in public and still
just drive a stake through his heart
while the cameras are running in front
of the world if he needed to you know if
that's what the job required it's hard
to imagine another president that you
would be sure he can do it with Trump
I'm sure he could do that
that best that's so far within his you
know within his capabilities that you
wouldn't even worry about that being a
risk if you understood who he is as a
person he's somebody who knows how to
get it done he's not gonna be you know
artificial things are not gonna hold him
back he's he's gonna you know charge
right through it alright so he also said
this was interesting Trump said that we
do little trade with Russia which he
called ridiculous because Russia has
stuff we you know we'd want to buy so
here again Trump is doing the same play
that he did with North Korea to good
effect
saying that being our enemy is a bad
deal being our friend and trading with
us is an amazing deal and why other
people haven't said it so clearly and so
consistently and so credibly it is
really it's really a bad reflection on
every other president who didn't do this
he's doing the same thing with Iran Iran
can be a great country you know will
help you et cetera just get on the same
page with us and now he's doing it to
Russia talking about the economic
opportunity far more than he's talking
about you know how we can punch each
other in the face and I think his
instincts are right which is if if we
have more trade with a with the
country we have more leverage
productively look at China China we have
lots of issues with how they trade and
intellectual property and and even their
military growth but because we do so
much trade don't you feel safer you do
right because the trade is such a big
element that nobody wants to get no war
I mean nobody's talking about a war with
China right
it's not even who's talking about that
is anybody saying well I think these
trade negotiations are gonna end up in a
shooting war nobody because we have so
much trade that it's not really a
conversation anybody can even introduce
without being laughed at
but with Russia we have very little
trade and so when we think about the
possibility of some kind of a shooting
war which I think is vanishingly small
but
does not what's to stop it
well Putin I guess yeah yes to decide he
doesn't want it and then if we had more
trade he would have more reasons not to
do and so Trump is I think his instincts
are right that we should be at least
teasing them with more trade meanwhile I
and I love this I love the way the
president is approaching the North Korea
situation I'm gonna give you a
persuasion tip about making friends
array for this this is a science tested
so science backs this up there's
actually research to support what I'm
going to say then if you want to turn
somebody from an acquaintance into a
friend one of the ways to do it is to
share a secret but you don't want to
share a secret that's so bad you know
they could blackmail you if it turns out
that they're they're rotten or somebody
who could ruin you by just telling the
story to other people right so one way
to turn somebody into a friend is to
share a secret I have intentionally done
this in cases where I wanted to befriend
people but you have to pick a secret
that wouldn't be so bad if it got out
something like you know I just pretend
that I like X because I don't want
people to know I don't like it well if
that got out it wouldn't be the worst
thing in the world right it wouldn't be
the worst thing in the world to say oh I
just pretend I like going to the Opera
because my I don't because when I me
wife likes it or something but any kind
of a secret that you trust somebody with
makes them think oh I guess we're good
friends because you trusted me with the
secret there's a an uncritical
connection people make then if you give
them a little bit of trust that they
haven't asked for they immediately start
reframing you as a friend
likewise likewise I believe that this
casual invitation to Kim
which is so completely outside the realm
of what you'd expect for a summit or
expect for two leaders the the fact that
he's he's personalized this to the point
where they're writing love letters to
each other which by the way I think
they're both genuine I think they
actually like each other right but I
think the this this latest tweet the
President did where he was basically
saying to Kim hey I'm gonna be in the
neighborhood if you stop by the DMZ and
left to say hi and shake your hand that
is just so powerful I don't think you
can understand how amazingly persuasive
that is in terms of their personal
relationship because he is in front of
the world he is the president has
declared in front of the world that this
is my friend I'm just gonna drop him off
how does Kim Jong gonna take this
gesture there's only one way to take
this that that the president likes you
like actually just likes you and and
that he trusts you because it is a
little bit of trust
imagine if the president did not trust
Kim and he had said hey I'm going to be
in the neighborhood let's get together
and he said it in a tweet in front of
the world
imagine if the president thought there
was some chance that Kim jong-un would
say I am NOT ready you Imperial dog
don't don't be so casual you should go
through the usual channels alright
president Trump is investing trust in
Kim the Kim's response to this casual
invitation will be another casual
friendly response so the president has
played the secret trick I won't call it
a trick because it's just baked into his
personality as who he is I think at this
point I don't think he thinks of it in
terms of strategy so much I think he
just knows it's a good thing to do that
would be my best guess not not reading
his mind but it's very similar to the
sharing a secret because the president
has just put some trust in Kim the Kim
will not slap him back for this casual
invitation if you see Kim respond in
kind even if he can't make it I mean
there might be a reason he can't make it
you just some commitment that's so big
that even he can't he can't change it
but I'd be surprised if he doesn't get a
he already did respond oh I I think did
Kim respond or is I think the the
government of North Korea responded in a
positive way but you have to hear from
Kim before it's real all right next
topic you know I always talk about how
sometimes I'm just talking about the
news then suddenly I am the news because
the news becomes who said what about the
news and then suddenly you're part of
the news well this happened to Ali
Alexander yesterday I think so I don't
quite understand the topic so I'll just
sort of generally tell you what they're
talking about and I I don't even think I
can have an opinion on this I don't
think I'm allowed to have an opinion on
this but had something to do with the
fact that Harris was born of a Jamaican
parent and an Indian parent do I have
that right maybe I haven't that wrong
but the Ali A's editor was comparing
that to the let's say the generic
african-american who has been here since
the days of slavery so Indian and
Jamaican yeah so I guess the point is
that she's not technically an
african-american because she's sort of a
Jamaican Indian American who has a
similar genetic background and and so I
guess that created some kind of a
firestorm of about what is what is a
legitimate yeah you know are you black
enough you know what what does it mean
to be african-american and what does it
mean to be a black American and all
these definitional things
and my only take on this is that I think
it probably does hurt for the black vote
yeah and then there's the story that
that Kamala I'm at least one part of her
family tree that was actually a slave
owner which is that's not not a good
look
so the question is would this
controversy have any impact on the black
vote and because I don't have good
insight into that community or how they
feel I'm gonna put that as a question my
guess is it might have some some impact
yeah like most things do they don't have
a big impact but maybe some so it could
be important but Ali I love the fact
that Ali brought that up because he can
I can't and watch you that's fun
Andrew yang had a interesting tweet most
of his tweets are interesting that's
part of the reason we like him so let me
say even if you hate Andrew Yang's
politics if you hate all of his policies
you don't want him to be president I
hear you but he's still very likable
what do you say he's probably the most
likable person who's running and to both
sides many people on both sides just
gotta like him and one of the things he
said was and his tweet running for
president definitely makes the world
seem more like a simulation now I know
he follows me on Twitter but how many
people are there talking about the
speaker simulation yeah you can think of
a dozen people who say it a lot but it's
a it's a growing number and now a
presidential candidate has a
presidential candidate has at least
floated the idea the reality is a
simulation how much do you love that a
presidential candidate who's in the top
six on the Republican side has floated
the idea in public
there were an actual simulation now he's
now saying we are I don't want to over
claim or over represent that so this is
just a fun tweet he's you know you
wouldn't don't take it a science but I
love the fact that he introduced that
idea and he's very clever because he
knows he knows that that gets attention
and it won't heard of it anyway so very
clever as we've come to expect from his
campaign all right
I'm gonna put I save for the end a
provocative idea and it's provocative
because you're gonna frickin hate this
idea well until you think about it a
little bit are you ready for this this
is why you have to admit this is why you
watch these periscopes you don't watch
my periscope to hear the same ideas
you've been hearing everywhere else
alright so I'm gonna give you an idea I
want you to tell you in advance that
when you first hear the idea that the
first part of it god you're gonna hate
it you're gonna hate this idea with a
passion of a thousand suns but I will
tell you in advance there's a second
part of the idea that until you've heard
it you should withhold judgment on the
first part the first part is going to be
such a bad idea where you saw you'll
think it's gonna hurt you might actually
have a physical discomfort some of you
will never watch this periscope again
but you gotta wait for the second part
all right now the other thing I'm going
to say is that I'm not claiming this is
a good idea what I'm claiming is it's
interesting and that it might get us out
of the box a little bit of thinking
about immigration in particular yeah in
just a few different ways so I want you
simply imagine there could be an
alternative break out way of thinking
that would completely change how we look
at immigration are you ready what if we
gave a free smartphone and three minutes
to every illegal immigrant
I'll let that soak it in for a while
does it hurt it hurts doesn't it can you
feel that like it actually hurts so much
cuz you say to yourself are you freakin
kidding me now why would you give our
money to people who are already stealing
our stuff according to you but there's a
better part this smartphone would come
maybe a little bit limited so it
couldn't do everything but it would have
an app on it an app that the government
put up puts on there and the app would
do the following things so far you hate
it right that's where you should be if
you if you understood it correctly so
far
you should be hating this idea but wait
just wait alright so the app would do a
number of things one thing we do would
help connect immigrants to jobs so there
would be lets say farms for example
could have the app - and the farmer
would say alright I need 50 laborers
here but I'm only going to take the
people who have answered answered on the
app I'm not going to take people who
came here and stood in line you have to
have to apply on the app so first of all
it would make great efficiency in
connecting workers with people who need
them right still hurts right not good
enough whoa not good enough still a
terrible idea right let me go on it
would also do translations so that they
could more easily communicate if they
don't speak English and maybe you could
even teach them English so it had a
translator English instruction sort of
things so they could learn English at
the same time they could communicate
right away some of you are a tepee
you're ahead of me
I'll get to it I'll get to it the other
is a home sharing app so let's say there
are good Democrats who say I like
immigrants and in fact I'll let you stay
in my place you could have no rent or a
free rent or you could just stay here
for a while until you get situated and
you would list yourself on the app and
say
I'll take I'll take your Guatemalan I'll
take a family
in fact I've got extra room in my house
I'll take a Guatemalan family and we
don't have to break up the kids come
live at my house until they get settled
as long as you want there are people
like that some people would say yeah
I'll take care of you for a while
I like that I'd like to help out so it
would help them do it
roommate sharing finding finding places
so that they're not living on the street
next it would collect taxes because you
could say that you're farmers or
whoever's hiring them can only pay them
through the app it's starting to come
together now right you don't see yet you
still hate it but they can only be paid
through the app now of course you can't
stop somebody from giving them cash but
there would be an advantage because if
you're an employer and you pay people
through the app you are legal as an
employer if you're only paying
immigrants through the app you're done
you have you have met all of the legal
requirements hypothetically so as an
employer you like this it's like oh I'll
just pay through the app is easy and I'm
legal you know I'll never get in trouble
with the government for hiring this
person simply because I paid through the
app next how about if the government
took a percentage of that payment just
to process the payment suddenly we have
an income method essentially we're
taxing through the app so as long as the
payment is made through the app the
government takes it takes a taste
whatever that is
maybe a pays for a wall so that we have
more control even though the doors are
open alright next let's say this app is
either a gateway to a simple work visa
or it is the work visa in other words if
you have the app you're being paid
through the app it's a work visa so you
don't have to apply for you don't have
to know what the paperwork is you don't
have to do any of that
you simply have to have the immigrant
phone use it for work so that the
government knows what you're up to knows
where you're working notice you're being
paid and they're taking a taste that's a
work visa no you don't need it it rules
do you have a phone that's a work visa
okay the part that you are ahead of me
on was tracking you want the immigrants
to be so addicted to the phones that
they just won't leave them home because
they wouldn't want to leave the phone
and lose it it's going to be too
important so you want the immigrants to
always have the phones with them then
therefore you can track them somebody
says Jeff GPS tracking is the turnoff is
it if you're coming here just to work
and the government is giving you a phone
giving you free minutes allowing you to
connect to employers allowing you to
find people to take you in make you
legal are you going to leave that home I
don't think so I don't think you are and
it would give us a way to track them and
also here's the key you've been hearing
that it's possible to turn on the phone
and listen to conversations I assume
it's assumed asleep
I assume it's legal if the government
has the right offer is a Shinto do it I
think we could take a gigantic bite and
if illegal activity if you first of all
allow them to more easily find homes and
ways to work and secondly if and
secondly if you're tracking them all
right so if you're giving them an
opportunity for a legal profitable life
where they can learn English don't worry
about being deported well you don't have
as many reasons to commit crimes
obviously some of the crimes of passions
could still happen but you're going to
get caught because even if here's the
good part you assume that immigrants
hang around together right because every
every group hangs around together more
than the hanger
with other people so you would have a
situation where even if the one person
who committed the crime happened to
leave their phone home that day you
would still be able to say okay the
crime happened here and we can see that
all the other immigrants were in the
neighborhood so you know exactly who to
talk to so you go to the other
immigrants and say well your phone was
you know within a hundred feet of the
crime what do you say so you could
probably make crime for immigrants drop
to the lowest crime rate imaginable now
people say immigrants already have lower
crime rate but I think that includes the
ones that are coming in by airplane if
you can buy an airplane ticket you're
probably already in the low crime
demographic if you if you walked across
the border with nothing except the
clothes on your back you're probably in
a lower economic situation you probably
don't have a college education and
there's probably a little more
opportunity for crime and this would
reduce it all right now ad-supported
cellphones maybe so how did I do now
remember I'm not saying that we should
do this I'm not saying this is a good
idea I'm saying it's a different idea
and if you've if you've watched me long
enough you know that I often like to
suggest the bad version of the idea to
make you think about what might be a
better idea
so if you've never thought about this
idea before throw it in the mix I'm not
saying it's a good idea I'm just saying
that the ideas that we have are not good
now what would be the likely outcome
business now some of you are saying to
yourself way you would just incent
incentivize all these people to come
into the country and then everybody's
going to come in if he gives them
benefits everybody comes in right but
you know who would want them not to come
in the other immigrants the other
immigrants would say hey I got this good
deal I got a free phone I've got a job
but if too many of you guys come in I'm
not going to get a job there aren't
enough jobs I've got a good deal here I
don't want more of more of me
so you would actually create a situation
where your best proponents for keeping
additional people from coming in would
be the people who already came in and
yeah maybe there's a facial recognition
element to this somebody's saying all
right so I thought I'd throw that out
there somebody said you're saying to me
that I'm dr. evil but brilliant
I'm just looking at I could read your
comments so it's a great idea excellent
idea bad idea interesting maybe when hub
mm-hmm
a Plus innovation somebody says knock it
off stoner idea it's a thought just not
a complete thought that's correct yeah
whoever whoever said it's an idea but
not a complete idea that's that's how
I'm presenting it it's not supposed to
be a complete idea yes and come to court
notifications so they would also get
notifications they would get
notifications of court appearances
imagine would you go to a court
appearance if if you knew that you had a
job and a phone and the country was
actually trying to take care of you we
probably would write because maybe you
would have the path to citizenship or
something so you probably would go to
your court appearance because you got a
good deal going how would they charge
them maybe they get a battery to who
knows a solid 10% of the viewers didn't
make it to the end of the idea yeah
that's probably true a social rating
system how interesting you got that from
the Black Mirror TV show or someplace
else yeah maybe the immigrants could
self rate rate each other that would be
interesting they could they could police
police their own somebody says you don't
even need to hide its purpose exactly
you do not need to hide the fact that
the phone is meant for tracking etc and
other people wouldn't want to
the phone because it would only be
useful to immigrants because it would be
optimized for that
it says they already have phones let's
just track those well let's make you
know if they already have phones I don't
know how many people walking across the
border have phones all right that's all
I got for now and I will talk to you
later