we're going to print out some
notes we're going to have a show I have
no idea when this feed goes live so I'm
just GNA dance around a little bit until
it goes
live all right let me print out my notes
and then we'll uh we'll be in business
here yes there will be a whiteboard
there will be a
whiteboard
but we don't like this
reflection there we
go much
better
all right good morning everybody and
welcome to coffee with SCS the best
thing that'll ever happened to you today
if you'd like this experience to go up
to levels that oh even Elon Musk rocket
ships can't reach all you need for that
is a Couer Mar glass a tanker chelin
ating Jugger flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
off
enjoy me now for the unparallel pleasure
of the dope of me of the day the thing
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous si in Heavens now
go oh so good
delightful well today's
theme that I'll I'll ease into
is has Adam shift destroyed the
world I'm not sure if I can make that
theme work with Theory stories today but
I'm going to try really hard I'm going
to force it into every
story well Colin rug reports that
there's a Mexican media Outlet rcg media
they were playing a video of the uh well
they're trying to play video of the
eclipse but somehow
accidentally they ran a video uh of a
man's
testicles so they meant to show the
eclipse but they showed a man's
balls now I don't have much information
about this but the
only person who has balls big enough to
confuse with the
sun had to be Trump they didn't say
whose balls it were I think it's trumps
because you know other people maybe they
have balls as big as the moon small
satellite but now if it's the size of
the sun probably trumps
balls do you do you all know who
uh Johnny Ivy is or Joanie IV or Johnny
I he's the uh amazing designer who made
things like iPhones and iPads and um
stuff for apple he doesn't work for
Apple anymore but the news says and
Rowan Chung is reporting this that uh
open AI CEO Sam ultman is going to work
with Joanie I to
to create what they call an AI device a
personal device that will not look like
a
phone a personal
device that does not look like a
phone now I assume it's for
communication probably not a sextoy but
that's just a guess so I've been telling
you for several years now that the
future would be phones that did not have
apps the app ruined the phone in my
opinion you know it made the phone
possible because it graded a market and
you need a market for things to work but
the experience of using the phone is
completely destroyed by
apps the fact that you have to you know
figure out which app to use and
downloaded and updated every time you
want to do something is uh terrible so
imagine if you had some AI driven thing
that could just sort of do whatever you
wanted even if it didn't have an App
instead of apps it should be You' be
using
apis connections to other services so it
can just go do its thing uh and control
the other services so that's what that's
what we're looking
for CNN had a big front news story um
that the the historically black uh
college students um they have a union
and they had some kind of meeting about
how Gaza mirrors black black American
experience that was the CNN Headline
that the situation in Gaza mirrors the
Black American
Experience I didn't read the
article I don't know if it means that
the uh the students at the historically
black colleges are planning to go on a
murderous
Rampage I don't know am I interpreting
this correctly because they're they're
saying that black Americans have the
Gaza EXP experience and there's a
parallel are they planning some kind of
a major attack on motorcycles no they're
not I'm just joking because it's a
ridiculous story because comparing Gaza
to the Black American Experience sounds
like the dumbest thing I've
heard all day speaking of dumb things um
Dei is taking another hit from uh
shamine the god he's talking about it
again and I liked how he framed it he
framed named it as you know there are
real things that could help the black
community but Dei isn't any of
them which is a really good frame yeah
there are lots of things you could do to
help the black community but Dei is just
marketing to cover your ass that's
exactly what it is it's corporate
marketing to cover their asses after
George Floyd and that's probably
the clearest cleanest description of
what's wrong with Dei so charlam the God
for the win communication win of framing
this exactly right Dei is a
marketing thing that corporations do to
cover their ass it's not has nothing
really to do with black
people that's completely true it's not
really it's not even designed to help
black people it's designed entirely for
marketing
entirely
all right axi hos has another funny
headline have you noticed that the news
has gone from uh what you thought was
news and that was a little boring years
ago and then you thought oh this news is
maybe not 100% accurate you remember
when you thought that the first time you
thought I'm not sure about this news
they say it's news but it feels like
they're just making it up can you
remember when you first realized that
the news wasn't
real I think everybody has to go through
that phase if they get old enough
someday you realize wait a minute I
don't think the news has ever been real
so axio says this uh in a post uh on X
says that Latino support for Trump is
rising despite here's the key word
Trump's Latino support is rising despite
what they call his persistently racist
rhetoric about immigrants and he says
the results point to a troubl gap in
support for
Biden now here's what I love about this
how much do you love when the news has
to report that reality is not conforming
to their
narrative because Trump being a racist
is completely just narrative there
there's no factual basis to it yeah the
the the factual basis is that he uses
hyperbole when he says there's a lot of
crime coming across the
border that's it that's racist that he
use hyper uses hyperbole on that topic
like every other
topic so in other words he talks about
the immigrants exactly the way he talks
about windmills do you know how he talks
about
windmills he says if you're watching TV
and the wind stops blowing your TV will
go off is that exactly true is that is
that precisely how the science Works no
no it's not exactly precisely true it's
a thing called the
Hyperbole and when he says that there's
crime coming across the border he really
doesn't mean the
babies he's not saying you know I don't
trust the babies either it's more that
some people and maybe too many for us to
tolerate but axios has decided that
that's his persistently racist rhetoric
and they can't figure out
why the narrative the fake news that
they've been creating is selling to the
public for now years the public isn't
quite buying it and they're and they're
like wow what is there some kind of
troubling troubling discrepancy here
like why are these people thinking for
themselves which is in itself wait for
it wait for the big
drop
racist it's
racist axios can't
understand why Latinos are supporting
Trump they're they're acting like
Latinos aren't can't understand the news
or
something how about maybe Latinos know
you're full of how about they don't
trust the news how about they just look
at what seems to work and what doesn't
seem to work how about if you're
surprised by any of this you've never
met any anybody in the Hispanic or
Latino
Community because I'm surrounded by that
Community literally every day every day
probably yeah literally every day I
interact with somebody from that
Community I can tell you that they don't
that that that they're not buying every
narrative you're selling
them yeah the the most common thing I
hear from any uh immigrant person in the
United States the most common thing I no
matter where I am doesn't even matter if
I'm in my own Hometown the most common
thing is whispered you know I kind of
like Trump be honest I I kind of like
him I hear that all the time from people
not born in this country probably every
week and if you're axios maybe maybe you
don't live in that community so you
wouldn't
know well uh here's some climate change
news from The Spectator index whatever
that is um the world they say the world
had its hottest march on record marking
the 10th straight M of month of broken
Global temperature records according to
the eu's cernus climate change
service now is that a gigantic
problem first of all is it an indication
that humans are warming the
planet I don't know in order to know
that I would would have to trust
science why would you trust science in
2024 there's no reason to they've
removed all of our reasons to trust them
on the big stuff you know so I don't
know my take on climate science is
there's nobody credible to give me any
information if you think that science is
credible in 2024 you're not paying
attention the scientist will Clearly say
whatever is in
their consensus because that's how they
get paid
so science is pretty much about just
getting paid I don't know if it was ever
something else but at the moment it's
just a paycheck and any any uh imaginary
belief that it's all about what's true
and crawling toward the truth and using
the process well ideally ideally but in
the real world people just working for a
boss working for a paycheck so no
there's not any credible science in 2024
some of it might be true but you
wouldn't know there's nobody to ask you
wouldn't have any way to know what's
true so anyway here's my take on that um
I saw just yesterday by coincidence a
list of what somebody claimed were
accurate climate change predictions it
was a long list maybe 20 items on it and
the claim was that every one of these
items was
predicted by climate change scientists
and therefore if they can predict
then their version of
reality has some credibility now first
of all I love
that as an approach to understanding
what's
true I'm so on board with if it can
predict it's probably as true as you can
get you know I've been saying that
forever you don't know what's true but
you can tell what consistently
works that's about all you can tell so I
treat those things as true and if
something doesn't predict well maybe it
wasn't ever
true so the uh climate people have made
a number of predictions um they tended
to be everything from temperature going
up to one of the predictions was the
stuck in my mind apparently climate
change predicts that Winters will warm
faster than Summers have you ever heard
that yeah there there is a cherry
picking problem because of the 20 that
maybe they got right
probably there were a few that they got
wrong and they just leave those out
which means they're not they're not
predicting remember all their
predictions are
binary meaning they happen or they don't
so they're going to say there's less ice
or there's not less ice it's just binary
so if you make a 100 binary
predictions and 20 of them come
true what have you really
predicted maybe nothing
maybe nothing because maybe 20 is just
20 out of 100 is not so good so here's
my take if it's true and I don't I'm not
positive but if it's true that they say
climate change will warm the winters
more than the Summers isn't that a net
positive if you could change the world
in one way to make it a better place for
everybody it would be warming the
winters wouldn't it am I wrong that
warming the winters would be just about
the best thing you could possibly do
because you'd use less energy and the
cold kills way more people than the
warmth
does so I you know it's a matter of
degree right if if the warming of the
Summers goes up 10 degrees you know
maybe people get fried in a lot of
places but if the Summers go up two
degrees I'm I'm sorry if the winter goes
up let's say an average of two
degrees don't you grow more food and
more people survive and you use less
electricity to keep yourself warm and
you don't get trapped in the snow as
much and so I guess what this story
needed was the so
what when they say the uh that March is
the hottest on
record they're talking about the whole
world but some of the world is
experiencing something closer to Winter
and some is experiencing something
closer to Summer wouldn't you like to
know if the Winter's got warmer but the
summer stayed roughly the same and it
changed the average because it's
literally the difference between
something good happened and something
bad happened but the data doesn't tell
you that it tells you what happened but
my brain doesn't know is that good or is
that bad you tell me and if it keeps
going is it
catastrophic I don't
know I don't
know all right um
Chuck Schumer is saying that the mega
Republicans are solely responsible for
Ukraine losing the war yeah yeah that's
that's what it is um if you didn't have
magga Republicans getting in the way by
now Ukraine would have swept its
terrific Army across the uh Russian
landscape and uh Russia would be gone by
now if only the magga Republicans had
done their job their patriotic duty to
ukra
wait a minute I'm confused let me say it
again because I I confused myself
halfway through the
sentence as sh shumu say if only the
magot Republicans would do their
patriotic wait how does that work it's
Ukraine giving our money to
Ukraine okay somehow that's supposed to
be good for us and uh he says the magga
Republicans are the ones are holding up
I have a tip for
you anybody who uses the phrase mag
Republicans don't listen to anything
else they say nothing if if the phrase
Mega Republicans comes out of your
mouth you are allowed to just walk away
you could walk away in the middle of the
conversation you could be talking like
you could be meeting Chuck Schumer for
the first time you know so you're like
whoa can't believe I'm meeting this
important politician and then he says
blah blah blah magga Republicans you
could just turn around and walk away
because that's not a serious person and
that's not that's not a person who's
even selling himself as being serious
that's just a
clown that's just a clown doing a clown
show and if you didn't come for a clown
show you don't need to stick around but
no serious politician is saying Mega
Republican right that that's pure
political narrative and as soon as you
hear that just I don't need to hear
anything else
well meanwhile uh KLA Harris is working
on the plan to buy votes from Young
People by cancelling their student dead
relief and when I say canceled I mean
transferred to
me and they should put it that way no
you're not canceling any debt you're
just moving it to people who didn't take
on the
responsibility so do you see the pattern
yet let's reward the people who are
doing the wrong things and let's punish
the people who are doing the right
things and why would we do that oh I
know it's because Democrats don't know
anything about how human motivation
works and nothing about how a system
works that all the parts have to work
together it it's honestly as if they
don't understand anything about how the
real world works it it's purely a lack
of understanding awareness of Their Own
situation and everybody
else's or it's like Mega Republicans and
it's a cynical attempt to buy votes and
they're completely aware of what they're
doing probably
that um meanwhile there's a I guess
Trump and uh lindsy Graham are having
another lovers bat it's another lovers
bat it's over abortion Lind Graham wants
to keep the baby that he and Trump have
produced and uh
Trump says it's up it's up to Lindsey
Graham whether he has an abortion or not
no I'm just making all this up but it
feels like they're having some kind of a
lover bet have you noticed that Trump
and Lindsey Graham go from best friends
can't wait to golf with you buddy to you
must be
stopped so at the moment that Trump is
anti Lindsey Graham because Lindsey
Graham I don't
know I can't explain or read his
mind but he's pushing the complete
destruction of
civilization literally I don't think
that's even hyperbole now he's not doing
that directly but he's doing it in a way
that in my opinion guarantees it if he
were to succeed so he's pushing instead
of trump who perfectly split the baby so
to speak on abortion by the way did you
know that Trump's current position that
he just announced on abortion is exactly
Joe Biden's position on abortion in
2006 this literally exactly the same
which by the way is a strong thing to
say but Lindsey Graham trying to snatch
defeat from the jaws of Victory where
Trump had just honestly I don't think he
could have done it any better that the
way he handled the fact that a
is it's just something we're never going
to agree on so what do you
do um now you don't have to agree with
them but from a political point of view
I just don't think he could have done it
any better I think he nailed it as hard
as you could have nailed that by being
basically the the reasonable person in
the room who just understood that if you
lose the election you lose everything
you not only lose any hope of
influencing abortion laws you lose
everything you lose the whole country
you become Brazil you don't want to fall
like Brazil did that's now a
dictatorship if you weren't if you
weren't aware of
that so Trump comes up with this
perfectly good idea for framing uh
abortion to make it a state's issue take
it off the federal you know top of brain
situation and lindsy Graham wants to put
it right back there in the top and go
down losing on abortion and losing the
election losing everything including the
country and maybe that would lead to the
complete dissolution of
civilization Trump knowing that this is
the dumbest thing anybody ever did in
politics so since lindsy Graham is
clearly not
dumb what's going
on does anybody have a theory because if
you tell me no he's operating on
principle I would say no he's not he's
not operating on principal he's a
politician they don't do
that that's so unlikely that he's
operating on principle but I don't know
what he's operating on because he's not
operating on the good of the world he's
not operating for his
team I don't know what the hell is he
doing I mean it if you if you put a gun
to my head and said you've got to come
up with a theory of why he's acting this
way I would say blackmail or
bribery probably blackmail cuz he's
probably got you know he's probably
comfortable so I'd say blackmail I can't
even think of another reason I can't
think of a single other reason he would
act this way other than being
blackmailed because the alternative
explanation is that somebody you've seen
acting very smart in public
forever suddenly is an idiot that's not
happening or that suddenly he's
operating on principle that's not
happening come on you know that's not
happening so what is it Anyway Trump's
right lindsy Graham's wrong we'll see
how that
goes uh but here's something that sort
of snuck up on all of us when when I say
it you're going to immediately register
it as true and then you're going to say
why why isn't everybody saying that
because it's so obviously true here it
comes Trump is running the best campaign
I've ever
seen that's it that's not a news story
why isn't it why isn't that the news
story it's the best presidential
campaign anybody's ever run in my
opinion I it's it's close to
Flawless his messaging his timing his
his sense of you know suspense and
mystery um even you know even the way
he's handling the the speculation about
vice president you know the way he plays
with that and puts the names out and
tests it the the way he is listening to
the
public wouldn't you agree that the way
Trump handled the abortion question
almost certainly is a result of people
that he listened
to and absorbing the the the best ideas
and then
executing I mean you're you're seeing
something close to
perfection in the political realm right
you you can still not like his policies
or whatever but but in terms of
execution
he went from you know not knowing how to
do this stuff in 2016 but still managing
to make it work to really knowing how to
work this stuff like his his lack of um
self errors of any substance um is
remarkable given how much he says and
the funny thing is that the uh media
trying to uh keep him off their
airways is totally working for him you
know in 2016 he had to be on every show
to take all the energy out of the room
and that worked but now he has all the
energy he's the candidate he can't get
any more energy than that so he doesn't
need their energy but what he does need
is for them not to have extra reasons to
to take things out of context so he just
doesn't talk you know he just isn't
really on CNN that much and that works
for him he does his rallies and those
work and they get news it draws and and
his policy positions I think have been
either nuanced or cleverly avoiding
things that would be trouble I mean so
far Trump has managed to not get blamed
for anything that's happening in Israel
or Gaza I mean not by the public
anyway but Biden is how' that
happen do you think that Trump's
um policies are going to be any more
favorable in Michigan you know the the
people who who don't like America
supporting Israel they're not going to
like Trump
better he's about as pro-israel as
anybody's ever been maybe the most and
yeah he's getting a free pass and I
think it's because he doesn't bring it
up which is also really good technique
so if you look at the things that Trump
is doing they look largely right
including defying the uh the gag order
just look at any one thing he's doing
defying the gag order
perfect yeah for his situation for the
time for the moment for reading the
room
perfect his ability to read a room is
unparalleled let me say that but when
you read when you add his ability to
read the room with what I believe is the
best advice he's ever gotten and by the
way you you can just feel the
partnership between vake and Trump can't
you just feel it from a
distance it's almost it's
palpable be because when you looked at
um Trump's
statement it just had it just had that
flavor of good advice didn't it and and
even the wording the exact wording of
things it looked like he's really
getting the back
of the political advice at the moment so
the fact that that's not a Topline story
that he's just nailing this thing um is
surprising I was watching former
representative Ken Buck I guess he's
retired Republican um retired and he was
talking about margerie Taylor green and
uh you know wanting to nund Ukraine and
stuff
and so he's talk about margerie tayor
green and says she's getting her talking
points from
Russia so would you would you agree with
me that anybody who says that especially
a republican would you agree that that's
a lie that he knows is a lie probably
don't you think he he would be well
aware that that would be hyperbole at
very least it's
hyperbole so the funny thing is I always
talk about liar face you know the people
get saucered but the saucer eyes Works
in conjunction with the eyebrows going
up and also the wrinkle in the forehead
because they happen at the same time so
sometimes you'll see one without the
other and I think there's a Botox reason
for some of it but I'm not positive you
know like Nancy Pelosi you might see the
eyes but not the forehead but look for
eyes
eyebrows or forehead if any of them go
up that's usually a sign that the person
talking knows they going into the
lie and I'm watching this guy on CNN and
I'm I'm looking for it because now it's
sort of fun it's become like a little
sport I have where I'm looking for the
lie I I actually literally play these
interviews with the sound off and I see
if I can find the LIE first and then I
turn the sound on and see if it actually
identified the point of the
lie but this one is hilarious because
Ken Buck has this thing where a really
deep line forms on his forehead uh at
the the point where he's Ling
and I thought you would be the worst
poker player in the entire world it's
like almost the words form on his
forehead um going into the lying phase
now because you see the you you have to
play it back I it's in my X feed but you
have to see the line form when he's
talking about margerie Taylor green
taking talking points from
Russia it it's hilarious the the only
way it would be funnier is if the
straight line that forms actually for
form the cursive words um beginning to
lie right now you actually spell it out
but uh Al bet he's never won at poker
not even once
anyway um I saw a post by SL kenam
showing that uh China's energy growth is
up 6,000 per over the last 25 years and
the USA's electricity generation is flat
for 25
years and so the etheras we're going to
get dominated by China I guess because
uh they're building all kinds of power
and you need all this power to survive
so therefore if they're up 6,000 per and
we're up nothing they must be gaining on
us well what's wrong with that do you
see any anything wrong with that
analysis China increased their
electricity
6000% compared to nothing just flat for
25 years
which one of us is
winning well first of all all data is
suspicious you know don't believe
something you saw on the internet but
let's say it's true does that
necessarily mean that it's all bad news
for the USA and all good news for China
I'm going to say no all right let me
give you another uh another data
point uh in my lifetime the number of
Mexicans who got telephones for the
first time is way more than the number
of Americans who got a telephone for the
first time so Mexico is going to
dominate the United States because if
you're looking at the growth of phones
and smartphones now well my God I mean
they're growing so much faster than
where it's because they started with
nothing of course they're up 6,000 per.
you know China probably had immense
regions with no electricity we didn't
have
any so between the fact that we figured
out how to be more efficient with our
electricity and the fact that we had
enough and everybody had it we didn't
really need to go up 6,000 per. in fact
we had a luxury that we had done so well
or you know we had uh more electric
conserving utilities and everything
products so everything just used less
power so we were flat so we totally won
that the other side isn't winning
we had all we needed now reliability is
an issue right if if California managed
its energy better we wouldn't sometimes
have to turn off the
lights that's that's the California
thing in the middle of the summer you
get a message it's like you know it'
really help us if you turned off your
lights right now we're we're a little
tight on energy but that's just
management that's just poor management
we have enough even even California has
plenty of of electricity we just manage
it poorly turn off the things we
shouldn't turn
off all right the European Court of
human rights which I didn't even know
existed apparently it's the highest
human rights
Court ruled that
uh its member nations must protect its
citizens from climate
change what so 200 Swiss women sued
their government for not doing enough
about climate change and so now this
European court is ruled so it might
might start a uh I don't know legal
precedent where governments will be sued
for not doing enough about climate
change well let me ask you this question
what would be
enough there's no such thing as enough
it wouldn't matter what you were
doing do do you think Switzerland could
fix the climate problem what exactly was
Switzerland supposed to do
now were you worried about climate
change destroying the world and then you
found that the
Swiss uh had reduced the electricity
they used to make
chocolate and then you said oh finally
all that wasted electricity making
chocolate the inefficient way thank God
thank God the Swiss fixed
that what in the world are the
Swiss going to do about climate
change
what with their little population of 10
million they're they're supposed to get
us out of climate change the
Swiss leave the Swiss alone the the
Swiss should leave the Swiss should
leave themselves alone I mean what's the
point of being uh you know this
non-aligned independent country if your
own your own citizens are attacking
you they didn't have enough external
threat so they had to attack each other
anyway that seemed dumb
well as you know Brazil is a
totalitarian government now pretending
to be a democracy they've got this big
judge who apparently seems more
important than the uh leader of the
country so maybe he is the leader Elon
mus suggest that the judge uh
deore is that his name uh yeah de
mores uh is a big old
dictator now Ian miles Chong did some
research on some public information Time
Magazine
Etc and how this Brazilian judge who now
the judge is the one who uh is trying to
close uh the xplatform in Brazil just to
catch you up so you have all the
background right so the idea is that uh
X was not removing people from the
platform that the current government of
Brazil says these are bad people remove
them from the platform and it really was
just critics people people on the other
side now because Free Speech don't play
that way and uh Elon Musk doesn't play
that way they're at a standoff where the
apparently some of the ex employees in
Brazil are in at risk of going to jail
that's actually a possibility so I think
they're probably uh scrambling to get
them out of there at this point I would
assume but anyway here's the story about
how this judge who seems like a terror
um how did he get power
well I'll summarize the story uh the
person who had the job before him died
in a mysterious plane crash which had no
mechanical
problems then uh and the and the one who
died apparently was a critic or was
investigating a whole bunch of powerful
people in Brazil powerful people in the
government right so the one who is
investigating the powerful people such
as the leader of the country um died in
a susp suspicious crash of an airplane
that didn't have any technical
difficulty that they've
determined and then um this new guy
demares gets promoted up to that job and
immediately does the bidding of the
leaders of the country and arrests
critics and without trials and stuff so
basically as soon as he got in office he
just got rid of the the
problem so if the reporting is correct
then Brazil is just a essentially a
criminal Enterprise and the judge is the
essentially the mafia that's taking
people down to support the criminal
Enterprise that is the government now
that would be one way to look at it so
um so that's happening and uh the
situation is getting more complicated
and deeper but but uh it's Brazil
against X and uh obviously duh uh if a
big American company and an American
Elon Musk are in some kind of a mortal
fight with a country in our hemisphere
the one thing you can depend on is that
the Biden Administration totally backing
mosque against
Brazil right Biden is totally backing
the American right and Free Speech no
nothing like that is happening do you
know
why because as Mike Ben is teaching us
and I hope I'm getting this right um
America uses other countries to attack
its own critics in America Elon M musk
would be a Critic of the Biden
Administration and so using uh Europe
and Brazil to shut down X is part of
Biden's
plan that is is as evil as you could
possibly be totally evil now if you've
seen the picture of the judge you can
tell by his face he's a DED demon and
probably not even
human now he might be human but he has a
demon
face now how many times have I told you
you can tell by looking at the face I'm
sorry you look at judge engoron you look
at Leticia James you look at this guy no
you can tell by the face there's
something very wrong with these
people there's something very wrong now
it might be Mental Illness but it does
look like demons I don't believe in
demons but I'm telling you what it looks
like they actually look possessed by
evil I assume it's Mental Illness but my
God is scary and how in the world can
you ignore it you've all seen a picture
of this judge by now you all had exactly
the same impression
oh my God that guy's pure evil Well
turns out he's pure evil latia James
looks pure evil turns out she's pure
evil fonny Willis looks pure evil turns
out she's pure
evil uh rapper and artist 50 Cent
doesn't look pure evil does he and sure
enough he just seems like a cool
guy I'm just picking him randomly he was
in the news but 50 Cent you just look at
his face and you say well there's a
there's a decent guy I'd like like to
hang out with
him you can tell by looking at the face
you can and to ignore it is I know it's
just crazy at this
point so Michael shellenberger is down
working with some of the Brazilian
resistance if I could call him that but
a member of the Brazilian Congress who's
been trying to battle all this
uh bad stuff happening in Brazil the
corruption um apparently he's going to
partner up with uh Michael shellenberger
who who whose Fame from the Twitter
files is well known to all of you but it
sounds like I don't know if I have this
right but it sounds like there's a a
Brazilian Twitter files situation
meaning that perhaps with musk's help
shellenberger could find some
embarrassing things about the Brazilian
corrupt government
and their attempts to censor um or maybe
maybe more than that in the Twitter
files so it's getting more interesting
people nobody's backing
down well here's a story that I don't
understand let's see if you can help me
understand this story in uh in
Northampton County in Pennsylvania
they're going to test 300 voting
machines because they've had some issues
and they want to make sure that that
their voting machines work and they're
not
confident that they can say that so
they're going to they're going to test
them huh they said there's room for
improvement well now now I'm all
confused if there's no
chance that the 20120 election was
rigged why would you need to test all
these
machines and and what does it mean that
there's room for improvement if the
election was already
perfect you do realize you're getting
both narratives at the same time right
we're going to plug all these holes in
the election that had no
holes they're both in the news
simultaneously we're plugging all the
major holes for that would allow
corruption in the system that didn't
never really had any holes and certainly
it was a perfect system and if there was
any problems you'd know I mean you'd
know duh you'd know but we keep
improving the thing that was perfect I
don't know it's a head scratcher that's
a head
scratcher rasmuson asked uh likely
voters uh what they thought about the
idea that the Democrats are importing
migrants to increase their voting
majorities um 78% of likely us voters
believe it is important to prevent
illegal immigrants from voting 7 8% say
that
um whereas uh let's see what else do
they say but 57% of Voters uh agree that
uh that must that must agree with musk
Elon Musk that Biden has a strategy to
bring in people for voting
reasons
57% so a solid majority of Americans
think that this is not about immigration
they think it's a political
play
57% that means basically all the
Republicans plus you know a healthy
dollop of Democrats think the same
thing well okay so I'd like to go to the
white board now and tell you why um I'm
certain the 2020 elections were
rigged you ready I'm not going to give
any give any evidence for that being
rigged I'm going to tell you why I'm
certain that it was with no evidence I
have no information no new information
you've seen all the stories I'm not I'm
not referring to them whatsoever I'm
going to tell you why I'm confident the
election was rigged very
confident but I don't have any new
information I'm not going to tell you
anything you haven't heard and nothing
that Democrats are not aware of all
right goes like
this this is this is a uh persuasion
lesson as
well here's how to hide something in
plain
sight and I'm I'm going to give you a a
story to understand it
first let's say uh Sam mman and Joanie I
develop a new replacement for your
phone that uses
Ai and unbeknownst to you they developed
it to look like a bottle of water
exactly like it like it just looks like
a bottle of water but it happens to be
an AI power device you'd say hey bottle
of water go get me some information you
know book me a hotel so it'd be like
that now just imagine that's true right
now you don't know that they're working
on this so you have no idea that the
phone they've developed looks like a
bottle of
water and then Sam Alman says hey can
you do me a favor I left my phone
prototype in that other room can you go
get that for me so you go in the other
room to pick up the phone prototype and
you're like phone
prototype I don't see one because you
would be
expecting you'd be expecting the phone
to look like a little digital
device so if something is
unexpected you can't see it you become
blind to the unexpected it's the same
reason I can't find things in in fact I
had this exact situation the other day I
was looking for the uh pump for my
bicycle tires and I knew exactly where I
put it I knew it was on the corner of a
countertop exactly where it was and I
couldn't find it and I stood at that
exact countertop and I'm like well I
don't see that pump but I know I left it
here where is it now keep in mind I was
searching an area that was maybe 2T by
2T and there was only one item in
which was the pump and I couldn't find
it because in my memory the pump looked
different so I was looking for something
that I in you know inaccurately remember
to look like something else I was think
I confused it with some of their device
so I kept looking right at it I'm like
damn if I only could find that pump
because it wasn't what I expected so
generally speaking you can be
blinded by anything that you don't
expect so here's how it seems clear to
me that the election was
rigged prior to the last few
years if you had said that there was a
rigged election let's say you made the
claim and I heard that for the first
time I would say oh come on come on the
the the zone of expected behavior in the
USA does not include a rigged election
like that is so far out of the zone of
things you could expect to happen in the
United States that you just sort of you
don't even see it then let's say
somebody people people say but Scott I'm
not making this up I've got some
evidence so you show me some evidence
and then I do
this where's the
evidence I can't see it all it's right
in front of you right here yeah well
that's what you say but but where is it
you would be literally cognitively blind
to seeing a
counterargument so you could call this
you know confirmation bios or cognitive
dissonance if you want to put fancy
words on it but you basically be blind
to seeing the obvious because your
expectations don't allow it but suppose
your expectations
changed
suppose something that was confirmed to
be true was also outside of this Zone
let's say for example I don't know uh
major hoax about Russia
collusion uh organized by the Democrats
and intelligence people and involving
other countries effectively a coup well
that's way outside but proven proven
so you got you know one little data
point like okay yeah maybe maybe that
one time there was that thing that was
outside of normal behavior but you know
that's just that one
thing and then uh then let's say you saw
the uh laptop
hoax where 50 Intel people got together
to lie about the nature of the laptop
well that that was outside of my
experience too to see them
blatantly lie under the color of our own
intelligence that's like the worst thing
I've ever seen it's hard to even think
of anything in American history that
wasn't violent that was worse so that
was way outside my expected
Zone anything else like that happened
yeah how about the uh January 6
Insurrection
hoax I watched in
amazement as my own Congress members of
it the January 6 committee ran an
Insurrection in front of us by claiming
that the other group was doing an
Insurrection without guns and then they
put him in
jail right in front of us while we
watched and it it was obviously Fake It
was obviously not an Insurrection and
they're in jail do you know how far that
is outside of what I expect from
America well it's way outside of
this his way outside of rig election
it's worse than that they did it right
in front of us they made us
watch there's a real story my ex- boss
where I worked at the phone phone
company um his father was a captured um
prisoner of World War II the Japanese
captured them and they would take them
out and for the entertainment of the
troops they would uh make them dig their
own hole for their grave they would tie
them to a steak and they would
ceremoniously with great Fanfare behead
them with a special sword just for that
one
slice head falls in the hole and then
the the swords guy would use the I think
clothes of the guy to clean his sword
and then push the rest of the body into
the hole and everybody would
cheer that's what the January 6
committee looked like to me it looked
like not only were they us in
front of the public but they were making
us watch
they were making us
watch that feels worse like having
everybody watch you behead the guy and
push him in the grave that's what it
felt like then you've got the uh oh
let's say the uh fine people
hoax you've got the BLM and
antifa which which by the way at this
point we do know we're fake and we do
know that that was our own intelligence
people behind it I think that's fair to
say now we're watching the Brazilian
play and the European play let's say the
the Mike Ben's model of our government
using other countries to uh not only get
access to surveil our own people so we
could say oh if you had a phone call
with a Russian we can get into all of
your stuff no matter what that phone
call was about so we've watched our
government completely destroy the First
Amendment we've watched them use uh
external companies to uh to pressure the
social media
people we've seen you know fake
organizations formed we've seen uh and
and now the Brazil backdoor
play and don't get me started about
Ukraine Ukraine that is exactly what it
looks like
people it's exactly what it looks like
it's just this money Energy
play That's Just Pure
Evil that
too is outside of what I expect now you
might say but Scott we've always been
that bad maybe I don't know maybe we
have but I didn't expect it so what does
this do it extends your zone of expected
Behavior so it used to be that I
expected us to do things that are mostly
good and I'll maybe once in a while be a
Meli Massacre but that's just one
person but now you can see that the
entire system is so corrupt from top to
bottom I didn't even do the
pandemic I didn't even put the pandemic
on this CH yet I mean just think about
that the pandemic everything that was
wrong about that that wasn't it didn't
even occur to me to put it on the chart
but I
will and so
the zone of expected behavior in the
United States has increased in the last
several years to
easily easily include a fake election in
fact I'll go further if you tell me that
all of these other things
happened and the election was fair
you're an
idiot you would have to be a
idiot to see all this other
stuff as bad as anything could possibly
be and then imagine that they would have
the ability to rig the election and not
do
it they told you Trump was Hitler and
you think they're not going to rig an
election look at what they did do just
look at what they did do rigging an
election would be a
B+ in a in a place that was you know a
pluses of bad behavior it wouldn't even
be slightly unusual in fact the
presumption that it was rigged has to be
90% seriously it's got to be 90% at this
point now if you were to ask the
Democrats what do you think of this
Theory do you know what they'd say what
are all those
x's and I'd say well those are all the
things we know for sure are our own
government's bad behavior
and they would look at them and say well
the the fine people hoax was
real and they also say but Russia
collusion was proven manfor went to
jail
like and i''d say all all the stuff with
the using the external people to censor
they'd say well who did they censor
people like Trump who are a Hitler well
that's
good the pandemic those vaccinations
saved millions of lives I don't know
what you're talking about it's a good
thing we lock
down
right so from the perspective of
Democrats who have believed the
narratives up to this
point they still think a rigged election
is sitting out there as an outlier of
behavior it's not it is right in The
Sweet Spot of everything we know our
government does right in the middle it
would be almost un
fathomable if they let the elections
just run themselves without interference
unfathomable when everything else that's
supposed to be a watchdog is
captured every everything that's like a
think tank is everything that's
a watchdog is wrong all of our fact
Checkers are fake the news is completely
made
up but the election was good right
no no and yeah George Floyd of course
of course so I don't need no
facts I don't need no facts you can have
to prove to me you can do an election if
you drop me in the middle of this Brier
patch and you say oh well why don't you
believe the elections are
fair I say I would be an idiot an idiot
in this
environment to think that the one most
important thing is the one they left
alone the most important thing yeah
they're going to leave the most
important thing alone no not in any
world did they not try to to rig it I
don't know how successful they were
that'd be another
story all right
so
um so apparently the justice department
is going to refuse The subpoena or
whatever it is or the request for
documents from the uh
uh the
investigation so the House GOP doing
their investigation of uh all things
Biden I guess and they wanted to uh have
more information about the conversation
between special counselor her and Biden
that would be the conversations that uh
her said showed that Biden was not
coherent
basically so apparently they're not
going to give them that
information that do you think somebody
needs to go to jail for that because
Peter novaro is in jail as long as Peter
Navaro is in jail by the way how about
that Peter Navaro is in
jail
yeah January 6 was in
jail you put Peter Navaro in jail and
you asked me to believe the
election no nope nope as long as Peter
Navaro is in jail I'm going to say 2020
was a reg
election cuz you can't you can't have
both things you can't have a fully
corrupt government and then ask me to
believe that the elections were the good
part nope nope you you're going to have
to get Navaro and a jail that's the
opening bid to have the conversation I'm
not even going to have the conversation
that it wasn't
rigged well Coleman Hughes making some
news on Joe Rogan talking about Gaza Etc
uh Rogan was was pointing out that the
the news that we're getting out of that
area is going to convince a lot of
people that you know the g-word is
happening some kind of genocide and of
course yeah I'm not saying it's
happening or not happening because
that's word thinking um I'm just going
to say we all recognize there's a
horrible situation going but Coleman's
take on it I thought added a frame a
reframe I guess you call it that was
really productive and boy is he good
he's so
good um just explaining things
rationally and seeing the whole
field but uh I'll try to do my best to
uh summarize what he said that as long
as Hamas had this military strategy of
attacking and then hiding among the
civilians so you couldn't do much to
them and then increasing their ability
attacking again than hiding increasing
their ability attacking and hiding as
long as they did that you're two options
were
surrender or kill their civilians and
call their
Bluff and as Coleman points out if you
don't make the practice of attacking and
then hiding among your own civilians if
you don't penalize
that you
lose only two choices you let them keep
hiding among their
civilians and
lose um or you kill their civilians you
call their Bluff now obviously you're
not just going to go kill all the
civilians just for fun you're going to
try to avoid them then of course we'll
get into the stupid conversation of
whether the anecdotes we
saw uh show the Israelis are killing
civilians willy-nilly without any regard
to whether they're
militants and of course anybody who
knows anything if you've been alive for
a while every war has
atrocities do I think that any
individual member of the IDF has done an
atrocity of course of
course how would they not you know if
you have enough people and you put them
in this situation where maybe even
people they know were murdered and raped
and tortured and everything yeah yeah
you're going to find at least one person
in the military who knows somebody who
got killed and that person is going to
be unpredictable
right now would you like to run a war in
which there are no atrocities and nobody
broke any war crimes H you you want it
but you're not going to get it yeah
Americans don't do it Nobody Does it if
you've ever talked to anybody who's in
the
military uh let's say anybody in the
American Military ask them privately if
they know about any war
crimes
yeah ask him privately if they know
about any war crimes I've heard of quite
a few but they're anecdotal meaning that
it's an individual who did a thing it's
not any kind of direction from the top
but definitely war crimes it just didn't
come from the
top so we don't know what's happening in
Israel it's still a war zone but I do I
do like the frame of saying if you allow
them to hide hide in the public you lose
it just never ends so you pretty have to
call their Bluff so that the next group
doesn't do it yeah you have to make that
no longer a strategy that could ever
work anywhere in the world and Israel is
going to be doing a big favor if they if
they call the bluff and it will be
enormously
expensive uh not in money but in terms
of reputation
brand you know future interactions with
the world is really expensive but the
fact that Israel is going to call their
Bluff
uh probably is
necessary it's sort of like you don't
like to go to the dentist either but
better do it uh NPR is funny because uh
I guess there's some folks that are
admitting now that NPR became a
basically a Cess pool um so Barry Weiss
has a good interview with some NPR
people and one of them was telling that
they basically Trump just broke them and
they just admit it it's like you know we
we we're basically you know a credible
outfit until Trump came along and then
we all thought we had to we had to ruin
him so they actually said they thought
their job turned from news to destroying
Trump is that amazing that that that
that they
admit that their mission changed from
the news to destroying Trump because
they thought it was so important now
apparently every one of the editors is a
is a Democrat but the funniest thing was
that one of the NPR guys said that they
quote latched onto Adam Schiff so
apparently they had Adam shiff on over
and over again talking about Russia
collusion and when it finally came out
that there was no Russia collusion which
by the way the NPR guy admits no the
Muller report said no Russia collusion
despite the manifer part which was a
different
situation so they actually know that
Adam
Schiff uh
was just this gigantic liar who was the
the feature of their Network for
years and they just destroyed their
reputation and I don't know if they
could ever get that back I mean
seriously if Adam Schiff was your go-to
guy for something you thought you were
selling as the
news well not so
much all
right
um
hm it looks to me like I've already gone
through all my notes and that ladies and
gentlemen
concludes the best show you're going to
see this
morning and uh I'm going to spend some
time with the locals folks so I'll be
turning off the main feed here and just
keeping the local subscribers on here um
I will tease that if you're if you're
not reading the Dilbert reborn
comic which is the spicy stuff that I
could never put in newspaper but still
every day you could subscribe on locals
Scott adams. locals.com for that plus a
lot of other stuff or just the
comic uh you can get that with the daily
digital version on um
onx and you'd be missing uh asuk the
intern who is uh using Tik Tok until he
becomes
non-binary and it might go from there so
that's just a setup
asuk uses Tik Tok and turns non-binary
there's more to come uh but that's what
you're missing and uh goodbye to uh
YouTube and Rumble well not goodbye but
so long and I will see you tomorrow
morning same place same time but for now
just the locals people go in
private talk to everybody else
tomorrow
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e