bow-bow bow-bow bow-bow hey everybody
come on in
yeah it's time it's time for one of the
best parts of the day well one of the
two best parts of the day because
sometimes I'm gonna be on here at night
too and I know what you're all waiting
for yeah yeah you're waiting for the
simultaneous upend it doesn't take much
to get ready for that all you need is a
coupler bug under glass attack your
chalice your styie that can't do jugular
flask a festival of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
enjoyed you do for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine to the day the
thing that makes everything better
including the pandemic it's called the
simultaneous sip
if it happens now hmm all right anybody
who's good at math how many people have
died in the United States from
coronaviruses so far 54,000 how many
people are dying per day actually don't
know the answer that is it mm ish per
day is that the number if we open up the
economy even slightly will that number
go up or will it go down well I think
it's planned to stay the same right I
believe the the whole idea I think the
whole idea of the gradual reopening of
the economy is that we're not going to
try to drive the number down to zero
we're just going to try to make it now
rise so fast it crashes our systems
right so let's do the math 2,000 people
a day it will add that to the existing
54,000 I and can somebody can somebody
check my math on the per day is it about
2,000 a day so Allah
checking so right now we're talking
gross I'll get back to that later
so somebody give me that number in the
comments but let me just walk through
the math yeah
per day I think it's a couple thousand
right yeah about two thousand so if we
assume that the target is to keep that
the same the target is not to make that
to go to zero because we don't have any
practical way to do that and also open
the economy so two thousand day so over
a typical month less a thirty days how
many people is that sixty thousand right
it says 30 days times two thousand
people so we're on a rate that our
planned rate of death it's a planned
rate the the actual plan is to lose
2,000 people a day so let's say that
would be May would be 60,000 June would
be another 60,000 July would be another
60,000 and then August would be another
60,000 right somebody says 2,700 per day
as of yesterday well you know let's
let's just use 2065 yesterday let's just
round off and use 2,000 so if you have
four months of 60,000 deaths you've got
a 240 thousand deaths in the future
that's 240,000 on top of the 54,000 we
already have and of course it's not
going to end in August nobody thinks
that so it's gonna keep going so the
minimum number seems three hundred
thousand right am i way off base so so
here's the statement the statement is
that the planned the actual official
plan that nobody's hiding is to lose
over three hundred thousand people am i
right
we usually have 50 to 60,000 diaper week
that is incorrect
that's the world I think that might be
the world somebody says yes you are off
base but which which assumption did I
get wrong
now I'm not we're not talking about net
deaths I'm talking about coronavirus
specifically so I'll try to clarify what
I'm talking net and what I'm talking
gross so right now I'm talking only
gross total number of coronavirus deaths
all right so I'm seeing some people
saying now and some people say yes so I
know it looks to be like the plan is to
lose somewhere between 300,000 and maybe
half a million people in the United
States right that's that's with still a
lot of work yeah that's the sort of our
best case I don't know and why am I the
only one saying this maybe there's
something wrong right so somebody is
shouting at me in all capitals there was
this grandmother grandmother you're
shouting at me at all capitals no you
are wrong but because you say
grandmother in your in your handle I'm
not gonna block you because you might be
due here but that the the cardinal sin
on my periscopes is to simply say the
sentence you're wrong or just wrong and
and I generally block people for that
because it doesn't help it's just taking
up space and then I can't I can't read
real comments so give me a reason if
there's one of my assumptions that I got
wrong just tell me what it is I'm open
to the argument open to the argument
just check my math that's all I'm asking
you to check my math I'm not arguing I'm
not telling you right I'm asking you to
check my math so he says that is wrong
Scott well I'll simply you didn't hear
that warning before I I issued it how
much for all causes of mortality well
that's a different question
which might be might be love what is the
alternative I don't see any I don't see
any alternative all right so it's
interesting now why are some people
saying every day the total is 8000
because you know that's not true right
you must be talking about the the planet
number nothing at the country number
somebody says it's a curve not a
straight line that is incorrect it is a
curve if you let it be a curve but the
explicit plan is to take the curve and
flatten it what do you call a flat curve
flat curve is a straight line so the
plan is to take the curve that is bent
flatten it into a straight line that
will probably be around 2,000 deaths per
day and just ride that straight line
because apparently that's not enough to
overwhelm our hospitals so as long as
the hospitals are not overwhelmed
apparently we're willing to do that
somebody says you're Kim Kim unrung
which was that is funny enough not to
get you blocked you will not get blocked
if you disagree with me in humorous ways
all right your estimate is correct what
is the problem
well the I did not express it as a
problem I'm expressing it as why is it
not being reported that way what why is
the news not saying okay we're on line
it looks like our collective consensus
opinion is we're going to try to flatten
the curve that will be in the the per
day stays constant it's going to be
about what it is now because they'll you
know well why not just tell us that that
the plan is to lose 300 to 500 thousand
people now obviously at the same time
we'd be working as hard as we can to
come up with therapeutics and vaccines
and stuff like that but I don't think
there's anybody who can tell us which of
those is going to work and how well
and so the plan might involve trying as
hard as we can to change the plan as we
go that would make sense but the at
least the current projected path of this
is 300 to 500 thousand people lost all
right let's talk about this horrible and
yet hilarious
Joe Biden story about the me to
accusations now in the the simulation is
just just delighting us with the story
because not only does it turn out that
there's some corroborating evidence that
suggests that even back in the 90s that
this woman had been talking about some
bad activity with Biden as her boss at
the time and the way that we know that
is because somebody found out that her
mother had made a had called in to the
Larry King show and talked to
generically about it and somebody found
the tape so I actually found the tape
from the nineties where the accusers
mother called in and said hey you know
if there's I don't know if she's
specified her daughter but she was
saying that if she respected her boss
who was aborted that she was a staffer
or what could she do now here's the fun
part about it that that video was on CNN
so CNN the people who most want to
protect Biden at least on some days at
least because he's a Democrat they had
the evidence for this and they didn't
find it it was found by a conservative
group so I guess here's a here's a funny
statistic that tells you everything you
need to know I think this was on the Fox
News site according to wonder that I've
alysus see it every way need 24 days to
cover the allegations against Biden they
didn't mention a thing for 24 days now
is that normal is it normal for CNN to
hold back if somebody's been accused of
a me-too allegation well I guess
depends who it is because by the same
analysis CNN published nearly 700
articles about allegations against Brett
Kavanaugh in the nineteen days from when
they came became public so in nineteen
days they printed a seven hundred
articles about those fake allegations
against Cavanaugh and yet in twenty four
days after the Biden allegations they
printed none and they should be worth
noting that the Cavanaugh allegations
had no credibility whatsoever and they
still got seven hundred articles out of
it and the Biden allegations are
completely credible completely the
person's credible you know that they
were in the same room lots of times now
we have a contemporaneous report that
she was she was talking about it at the
time
it's not something she just made up to
change politics and obviously she's a
Democrat she's not even a Republican
yeah she's obviously a Democrat so you
know if you're asking yourself Scott
yeah are you are you making too much of
this allegation of bias of the media no
no I'm not making too much of it it's
pretty plain apparently actress Susan
Sarandon who I respect on many levels
you know everybody always makes fun of
the the famous people for getting
involved in politics and I do as well
you know there are plenty of famous
people who are just ridiculous people
they they just don't see the world
clearly I'm glad that they have
passionate about causes but they often
will look ridiculous because they're not
doing their homework they're not very
bright they're not just they're just not
well-rounded people but that's not true
of all of them and I like to point this
out because every time somebody says you
can't be a celebrity and say you know it
add to the political conversation I
always say doesn't it depend I mean
doesn't really depend it's not like
they're all the same
so whether or not you like Susan's
Renton's politics I was she is solidly
in the category of people you should at
least pay attention to
I think she's aren't it even if you
disagree with everything she says she is
a serious person who appears to be smart
who appears to be you know to care about
the country care about all the right
stuff so when she has an opinion I think
I think she deserved
I think she's earned it I say the same
thing about Alyssa Milano which is you
could disagree with everything she says
but I think she's earned through work
she's earned some attention
you can still disagree with her anyway
Susan's friend and no Hittite
Joe Biden in the sense that she's
believed in the accuser now speaking of
censorship socia then obviously embargo
that story so that's just you know
blatant censorship to influence politics
but there's another story I'm not sure I
believe this would yet so this next
story is in the category of things which
because I think there's a story that the
Joe Biden video disappeared in the
archive so I think there are two stories
of videos mysteriously disappearing that
may have this wrong but I think the sea
of them video or the at least the audio
yeah is video Antonio of the Larry King
episode I think it disappeared in the
google play archives just sort of
disappeared all the rest of over there
but that was missing and that is an
unrelated story or is it unrelated
YouTube has removed censored and removes
the promotional video of the company
that makes that you UV that far UV light
that is inserted down the trachea which
is obviously the thing that the
president was talking about the UV light
you know of the lugs and so in order to
make a harder for the fake news to be
debunked they removed the video of the
company that's
doing the exact thing that the president
was speculating about because if you
remove that that the people who believe
the fake news about the president
suggesting people drink disinfectants as
if they happened they don't have any
alternative story
so you could say don't know he was
talking about this technology you know
you can see it on the internet it's far
UV light go take a look at it and then
you go look for it it's just not there
can you believe that can you believe
that they just remove the video now of
course they had their story is that it
violated some standards but do you think
there are any other medical claims on
YouTube that they didn't that they
didn't remove of course it's probably
full of medical claims because the heal
I did not make a claim then it works and
didn't do that at all
it simply showed what they are they're
proposing it described why they think it
could work
but it makes no claim that they've
tested it it works
they just know it works against you know
viruses in the lab so why would you take
down a video that doesn't make a
definitive claim it just says hey here's
some technology that we're looking into
really and it's not even the stuff that
looking into isn't even controversial
because it's not like we were wondering
if UV light kills viruses that part we
already know it's already in use it's a
it's a commercial product already so
we're watching this amazing the
situation where the you know one day
that there was a time when I think
people would say yeah yeah yeah I get it
the news is biased and I think we all on
some level everybody do that the news
was a little biased at least in recent
years but this is not that but whatever
this is where videos are being removed
that's that bias that's that you can't
there's no reason to the way you could
you can explain that away by had people
having different opinions this is not a
question of opinion this is people
manipulated the political process
in ways that should be jailable now
there's no there's no law against
removing a video from your own library
but it should be jailable like you can
imagine that there would be a law
against it there isn't but it's easy to
imagine that would be a jailable offense
if you did it just to confuse people so
here's a here's what is happening over
at CNN I think yeah there was something
that was supposed to print that didn't
hold I was thinking yeah I didn't print
my third page of notes hol up so Joe
Biden had a a funny tweet and I'm gonna
give Joe Biden credit because you know I
like to talk about it no matter what
side people are on I like to call it out
when they use good technique technique
in terms of persuasion or communicating
so joe biden had the following tweet
which i give him a grade of a four and
he said i can't believe i have to say
this but please don't drink bleach now
of course he's playing on the fake news
as if the president actually had ever
suggested such a thing but in the
context of a tweet and in the context of
the political silliness I'll give that a
pass so I don't think tweets have to be
technically accurate and in fact tweets
can be ridiculously inaccurate as long
as they're all so funny because then you
say ok again it's a joke it doesn't have
to be technically accurate so I would
say solid tweet Joe Biden I would also
say there isn't the chance you wrote
this tweet yourself because here's the
towel so the first part of the tweet is
I can't believe I have to say this now
where where and how often have you heard
phrase I can't believe I have to say
this well that is that has become sort
of a common tweet joke form so in other
words if you spent a lot of time on
Twitter you would know that that's a
familiar way to start a joke tweet I
can't believe I have to say this but
whether you do the funny part now what
are the odds that Joe Biden himself had
used Twitter enough to know that this is
a thing to start your joke with I can't
believe I have to say this the answer is
there's no chance of that there that
there isn't the slightest chance that
that on his own he knew that this was an
internet thing to say and he was just
using the the casual current way that
people talk in the inner no this was
written by somebody over somebody much
younger wrote this tweet for him which
is not a problem by the way because the
president I'm sure has some tweets that
are suggested or written to something
there's no criticism of that I'm just
saying that his staff did a good job of
the tweet so I I tweeted back to him and
I don't know how to say this with the
requisite amount of modesty so can I
have a pass can I be issued a pass to
brag about myself in public for a
specific useful purpose which would be
useful to you all right so I'm only
going to do it because I know it doesn't
make me look good but it's the only way
I can communicate to you something
useful and I want to do that so I need
you in the comments to say you have a
pass to brag about yourself on this
topic that I won't feel bad okay okay we
got it okay so one of you has given me a
pass and it goes like this this might be
one of the funniest tweets I've ever
written now I don't think you're gonna
think it's so funny I just love it I
just love my own tweet it's because
there's a lot of technique in it so it's
the technique that I want to describe to
you so that you can adopt it alright so
after Joe Biden said I can't believe if
I have to say this but please don't
bleech I tweeted with my own comment i
retweeted and I said the people who
dwell above ground
thank you for your plain spoken basement
wisdom I'll just let let that sit there
for a while the people who dwell above
ground
thank you for your plain spoken basement
wisdom now let me tell you why I think
this is so clever and thank you for the
pass because I wouldn't wouldn't be able
to brag about how good this is in public
without you having granted beam that
pass so thank you they know how many
times if I talked to you about the the
benefit of seeing your ego as a tool
it's not who you are you can dial it up
and you can dial it down so in this case
you can see me using ego as a tool I
need to brag to you just to convey some
information that would be useful to you
so if I were worried about how you would
see me I'd say yeah it's obvious you
don't want to brag in public everybody
knows that it's a bad look I'm a public
figure nothing good about this could
happen but because I see ego as a tool I
can just say to you can you give me a
pass I'm just going to do this I'm doing
this employ thing just for a purpose
that will be good for you so you can see
it in practice all right so here's what
was good about my tweet reply when I
said the people who dwell above ground
thank you for your plain spoken basement
wisdom the first thing is that for
writing humor when you can substitute
interesting words for common words you
should do it because the first part I
say the people who do well above ground
if I had replaced the word dwell with
lived the people who live above ground
do you see how it just lays there you
see how the word dwell just brings it
alive so the sentence comes alive when
you see the word dwell because you know
that there's something sort of
interesting coming so that's the first
trick dwell instead of lived or resided
which would be boring words and then I
said above-ground now the first part of
the sentence
I have reframed this
situation in the fewest words you've
ever seen a refrain happened so so Biden
is tweeting funny things that are indeed
funny from his his secret you know
bunker basement now even though we make
fun of him for being in the basement Joe
Biden does not like the normal people
you make fun of in the basement that
normally you make fun of people in the
basement because they're living at home
and they have done it succeeded at
anything and they're you know they're
eating chips and they said then their
underwear in the basement but there's
nothing about Joe Biden that fits that
model right he's a hyper successful
older person who's not living with his
parents so he can't really love him in
with basement dwellers so what I did
with my reframe here is I said the
people who dwell above-ground where I I
immediately painted you a movie and as
soon as I said that the people who who
dwell above-ground couldn't you
immediately see a picture and you saw a
house and then you immediately saw under
it Joe Biden and you saw the people who
are walking around above-ground and then
suddenly you saw yeah that is funny
there's some people who live above
ground and there's no people who live
below ground and of course then your
your mind goes to the you know what was
it that the time machine HG Wells the
Eloi and the whatever and and people who
evolved underground of it so anyway in a
very few words I simply painted a
picture of people who live above ground
the good people you know I don't say the
good people but you automatically say
well I think the good people are
probably the ones living above ground
they got Sun and everything just
automatically you think if you have to
live underground just you know in your
own critical mind you're saying well
whoever's living underground is not
killing it you know they're not crushing
life if they have to live underground
there's something going on there so that
was just the first few words of the
tweet the people who dwell above-ground
and what I've done is I've I've sort of
humorously painted a picture where the
above-ground people are the smart good
ones
that would even say because your brain
automatically goes to well above ground
that's got to be better that must be the
smart people and that I said we thank
you for your plain spoken basement
wisdom now here's the technique there
have you ever heard the words plain
spoken basement wisdom in that order
have you ever seen those three words
together the answer is no in your entire
life you will never you probably have
never seen I'm guessing this these three
words of this order plain spoken
basement wisdom and so that's another
technique so all the all the words are
easy to understand so you don't have to
stop and say oh what's that mean what's
he beans they're just ordinary words but
they've never been combined in this way
and if you look at the difference
between a professional writer somebody
who's actually succeeded and somebody
who's just good with words but they
don't have that x-factor that extra
thing that makes somebody a you know a
successful professional writer you would
note that the people who are just good
at writing will rarely write words that
you haven't earned before in other words
every sentence fragment is something you
say to yourself I've heard that you know
so though right Bob went to the store
and bought bread and you'd say to
yourself well I feel I've heard a
sentence like that a million times
yeah and even though they're put
together and all the right way with the
right grammar they've got a point
they've got a you know a beginning a
middle and end you could do everything
right but it's not going to look like
good professional writing if every part
of it you think you've seen before in
different contexts but you think you've
seen it all before
you have never heard the words plain
spoken basement wisdom before and so
your brain automatically goes Oh
something new and so you pay attention
now what also makes this funny is that
the if you go against somebody's
strengths that's the best thing you
could do as a you know a political
attack you want to take out their
strengths because the weakness is
already weakness you know it's probably
doing its own work just being its
weakness so joe biden's
is they he seems to be this you know
ordinaryjoe who tells it like it is and
there's no there's no artifice there's
no no artificial anything about him he's
just plain spoken Joe Biden so I'm going
with his strength except I'm redefining
it as basement wisdom now as soon as you
hear that what do you think about his
wisdom when I framed it as basement
wisdom because there's no reason the
basement needs to be an insult that is
just literally where he is but you're
you're bright your brain uncritically
thinks wait a minute
basement wisdom does not sound as good
as above-ground wisdom if you know what
I mean if so you know you know the old
joke about going to find the the yogi or
to find your guru you have to always
climb a mountain
you're always climbing a mountain to
find wisdom wisdom is high right wisdom
is up in heaven wisdom is that the the
the top the top story of a skyscraper
where all the CEOs are right wisdom is
north is near the top of everything so
by calling a basin of the wisdom I've
insulted it without using an insult
because your brain added the insult
because you thought base for the wisdom
say so what is good about this is that
it reframes and that it does it with
words that you haven't seen in this
order before interesting words and it
does it very very quickly they're just a
you know one sentence of your own so
that's what I wanted to teach you those
are your techniques so that you can you
can use on your own by the way the way I
write these things is I often write them
with ordinary words first so that the
first sentence would have no zip it
probably I don't remember but it was
probably something like it was probably
something like that the people who are
living in houses appreciate your wisdom
or something like that and it would it
was said the same thing but but then the
second pass I go okay what would be a
funnier word than reside dwell dwell is
just a funny word and you know when you
hear it
you go to dwell that's a funny word all
right I am frankly amazed at what CNN is
doing with their fake news so they're
the way they're covering the the fake
news about the Clorox stuff is that
they're they're using the word ingesting
that the president never used so there's
no point at which the president that's a
block there's there's no there's no
evidence and of course the president
didn't do it he did not use the word
ingest if the President had said what
any doctors what do you think about the
idea of ingesting disinfectants well
everybody in the world would say
ingesting that sounds like you mean
drink it but it didn't say ingest he
said inject now and he was then he
talked about the lungs and he was
talking about in the context of the
lights and everything
so inject is actually what happens the
intubation tube goes down your trachea
and in some cases might go all the way
into the lungs that's being discussed as
well and they actually inject something
into your body down your down your both
and then they disinfect using light or
there's actually talked about different
aerosols that could be that could be you
know bad for the virus but not for your
body so see how to use the word ingest
of their headlines that is so so
illegitimate and so illegitimate but
here's the funny part there there it's
the people who believe it I mean if you
believe that the president United States
recommended drinking Clorox and Lysol
what does that say about you because you
think it the people who believe that
think they're saying something about the
president but if you were just sort of
back out for a moment say you
back up for a moment look at it look at
it like you were you know God looking
down other people and you see a person
who believes that the president went in
public and recommended drinking Clorox
and Lysol does that seem likely even if
you believe that this president says
things that you don't agree with that
maybe are not scientifically appropriate
do you think this president recommended
that in public do you really need to go
to look at the transcript somebody says
he said it in jest he didn't say it in
jest and for those of you who believe
what he said he was being sarcastic you
really have to look at the beer on that
one cuz if you could see sarcasm there I
don't see it all I saw was he was right
he just doesn't want to go through the
bother of explaining why he was right
because he was completely right he
actually knew more than the deuce people
and he may have known a little bit more
that dr. Burks about this one UV light
thing because it was just based on some
articles she may not have seen them so I
think the better explanation is he do
exactly what he was talking about but he
said it clearly that part is objectively
true anyway have you heard of the
uncanny valley I think you have if
you've watched my periscopes I remind
you what that is so the uncanny valley
is the idea and you can look it up on
Wikipedia just google uncanny valley and
it's the idea that we humans can find
something cute if it doesn't look like a
human at all so my cat boo is on the rug
over there and she's very cute it's
because she doesn't look anything like a
human so I so my brain allows me to see
her as cute likewise if I had a robot
that looked like a proper robot did it
look like a human I might think my robot
was kind of cute but where you get in
trouble the uncanny valley is that when
you get closer and closer to something
that's human but not quite there such as
a zombie the zombie is almost like a
human but there's something wrong and
it's that little something wrong that
slight change which we
causes us revulsion so when you see a
monster movie with the undead or
somebody's got a human-like form but
they're not human you go ah
that's terrible because they're almost
human but they're not that's the worst
thing I like it when they're human I
like it with their robot but don't give
me that almost human thing that's gonna
freak me out
and so I speculate that I'm having that
experience watching people who believe
the fake news you know arguing with
people on Twitter and even watching the
you know live interviews actually
looking like they believe that the
president recommended drinking Clorox
and Lysol I can't see them as human are
you having the same problem now
obviously they are human if you've been
DNA and all that but but in the context
of having this discussion they take on
an almost unnatural I don't know it's
like they're possessed because they
don't make any sense I just had an
argument with somebody who insisted he
could read the president's mind and then
his interpretation of what the president
meant is based on this guide knowing
what he was thinking and he actually in
public he was willing to tell me that he
knows what a stranger is thinking when
it's obvious that was the opposite of
that it's pretty obvious so they
register as zombies to me and I'm not
saying that is an insult I'm saying that
is just a description that what I'm
talking to somebody who can't deal with
even the the most obvious truth that the
president never recommended drinking
Clorox you don't even have to look at
the transcript to know that didn't
happen but if you do look at the
transcript you can tell it didn't happen
but you don't need to it's just so
obviously didn't happen now I saw this
with the Russia collusion stuff I saw
this with the fine people hoax the
people who actually believe this stuff
just don't register at the moment that
they're not believing it at that moment
they don't register as fully functioning
people
now to be fair I have to assume that
Democrats think exactly the same thing
about Republicans and conservatives it
just depends on the context you know it
depends who is believing the fake news
on any given moment because it's not
like the fake news is only believed by
one side obviously but there is a big
difference that's been demonstrated by
my studies this says that the
conservatives at least are aware of both
arguments the Conservatives know what
their argument is and they also know
what the other side is whereas the the
left typically doesn't even have any
exposure to the opposite argument so by
the time that they get into the debate
with me they've never even seen the
other side and so it's the first time
they're hearing it and their brain can't
process that they could have been wrong
but so wrong for so long and so positive
at the same time and then I dismantle
them in about ten seconds and cognitive
dissonance sinks in and they flip into
zombie mode and the zombie mode is like
oh I saw it I saw it with my own arse aw
it's right there they say where is it
here's the transcript can you point to
the place of the transcript where he
literally said to drink Clorox or even
something you could interpret that way
can he can you show me where he said
that and of course it isn't there okay
I'm seeing people agree that it is an
uncanny valley kind of thing now there
was a time early early on with this hoax
the disinfectant hoax there was a time
when I thought oh they're just playing
with us they don't really believe it you
know they don't believe it they're just
saying it cuz people say things in the
political season but it definitely seems
to be when you see you know Anderson
Cooper and you see some of the other
people talking about it it looks like
they actually believe it he said inject
correct and
Jack or are you correctly I think you're
corrected because I said insert is a
that might be what you're correcting in
the cabinets yes I believe he said
inject which which is also a descriptive
word for putting something down all the
way into your lungs you're injecting it
into a body so that's not the right
medical word but it should be obvious in
context what he meant how much will you
pay I don't know what that means
CNN will change reality I said in jest
is what the CNN is saying in their
headlines so I've used ingest for what
CNN says but what the president said was
inject which is an accurate word yeah
somebody saying when I saw it live I
thought you wanted to inject light
that's that's what I thought
now he also asked more generally about
you know cleaning out the lungs and it
turns out that there are a number of gas
like treatments where they inject gas
into your lungs and the gas is like a
disinfectant in other context so
disinfected of course is the problem
word because a vaccine got a vaccine but
let's say a therapeutic that you do
ingest is a disinfectant I will solve
your problem boom problem solved
please next topic but bulb I just doing
a little blocking here excuse me anybody
else need a block I think we're good for
now all right uh so that's basically all
I had for today and yeah he was brain
starving but he was brainstorming about
real things that really exist and the
Democrats will pretend they don't the
Brits call the coronavirus Miley Cyrus
what I thought I saw a Miley Cyrus in
the news I didn't know what that was
about
Bergy Bergy for hire says haha Wow
trumpets will do and say anything to
cover for their orange daddy so let me
ask you Burgie for hire did you believe
that the President of the United States
was suggesting drinking Clorox are you
proud of that are you are you proud of
the fact that you believe that your news
you shouldn't admit that in public so
I'll give you a block so you don't have
to worry about it anymore
did I already talk about tracing apps I
talked about a little bit last night but
let me say more about that there I guess
Australia has a tracing app it's
voluntary and it will tell you who
you've come in contact with in terms of
other people who have also volunteered
to use the app or is it is it only the
volunteers I'm not sure if it's only
those volunteers anyway that Apple
Google have some kind of thing where
they can tell who you've contacted based
on where you're focused on I think that
might be our only solution Tamiya seems
that the simulation has served up the
following test and it goes like this our
belief is that we are a species who
needs privacy and that privacy is just a
plus it's always a plus
more privacy is better and we all have
that same feeling I have it you have it
it's just natural well I don't know if
we're raised that way or it's just just
automatic but we all want privacy
however this video game of life has
presented us with the following
challenge apparently
that we can't say this for sure but
apparently all of our other solutions
are going to be ineffective it looks
like people don't build immunity baby
you know we don't know that for sure
it looks like our therapeutics might
help but probably are not going to be a
magic bullet it looks like we'll have to
wait too long to to get to a vaccine it
seems to me that the one and only
solution that could work is aggressive
lack of privacy in other words just say
all right the only way we're going to
deal with this without losing billions
of people it's the only way we tried
every other path the therapeutics work a
little but they don't solve it the
vaccines don't get us there there's no
herd immunity
we can't socially distance forever the
one and only thing that will work can
only work if people give up more privacy
that they would like to give up so
that's your challenge and I would argue
that this is baby and awareness
challenge oh you don't like that you
don't like that this might be an
awareness problem and I believe that we
cannot go to the next level in this
video game simulation until we
understand that privacy and our need for
it is more illusion that an actual deed
and I say that because I think we humans
were we've evolved to not have that much
privacy meaning that by our nature were
tribal and if you're in a tribe and you
don't even have doors and windows
there's not much privacy so I don't
think we're a species who evolved over
millions of years to need privacy of the
way we think we do
it's a preference so we have a
preference for it that's very strong we
have a we have a fear of losing it
because we we fear that that will have a
give problems and I think that that is
an illusion and so we might actually
destroy civilization on earth if we
can't see past it if you can't see past
the illusion now
the other possibilities you just open up
and take the hint
so that's a path you just say well it
might be half a billion of Americans
died but we're not going to close down
the country and that's just what it's
going to be and I would guess I don't
know it's sort of a 50-50 at this point
whether whether we'll take the hit or
will give up some privacy to avoid the
hit I don't know you would need to make
carrying a phone mandatory no that is
not correct the beauty of the contact
tracing is that it can be very imprecise
and still good enough you can you could
do a terrible job at contact tracing but
let's say if you got half of it you
would be cutting in half the virality of
the thing and that might be enough if
you cut it in half it might be enough to
kill it
so would you say well people buy turned
off their phones some people you know
might not want to participate blah blah
blah that's all true but the estimate
that the Australian app makers made was
that if 40 percent of the public used it
voluntarily just 40 percent that would
be enough to catch so much of it that
you'd get you get the virality level
below one which means that one person
now gives it to fewer than one person
which means that it eventually
disappears so even if 40 percent that
looks like you work so I really think
this feels like a challenge to humanity
to see if we can give up privacy in some
intelligent way now when I say give up
privacy I don't be the stuff you do in
your bedroom you know nobody cares about
that I don't be in your bathroom
nobody cares about that I'm talking
about where you spend your money and
where you go and I've argued for decades
that
the only privacy that's real is lack of
interest the only privacy that's real is
when people don't care and the reason
that celebrities have so little privacy
relative to the regular public is that
people care the reason I have less
privacy than you do is because you have
a public figure so people are willing to
you violate my privacy
not that I mind because if you're a
public figure that's part of the deal so
that's that's what I think now and I
acknowledge that the vast majority of
you violently disagree with what I just
said and that you're not going to give
up privacy even at the cost of half a
million deaths in this country I don't
think that's a wrong decision if you ask
me you know Scott do you recommend that
we give up our privacy I would say I
can't recommend that for you it's sort
of a personal decision everybody has a
road deed for obsession with privacy so
people need a lot some people need a
little sort of a psychological
phenomenon and so he said you first I
already went first can I see you know
somebody says you first pine-sol just
said that pied Saul followed by a number
you you don't have here you know have
your picture of the profile but you're
looking at me you don't have your real
name but the profile but you know my
real name
I can't google you and find out where
you live but you could google me and
find out where I live you can look at my
whole life on Wikipedia half of its
wrong but if you can look at it you can
learn all the fake news about me
everywhere one of its role of course but
I've already given up my privacy so I
know what I'm talking about
yeah if if I said to you hey you regular
people would you be willing to give up
as much privacy as I have already how
many of you would say yes to that how
many of you would take the deal of
giving up only as much privacy as I give
up every day just by being a public
figure how many would you say yes to
that
a few but most of you would be quite
uncomfortable with it right I just
happened not to me so it's just a very
personal thing freedom is the issue dot
privacy well I take that correction so
somebody says the real issue is freedom
not privacy so I accept that upgrade but
I don't think it changes the argument in
the least it just sort of the
substitutes a little bit and let extra
meeting but let's let's say you call it
freedom it's the same question are you
willing to give up that specific kind of
freedom it's not all freedom you know
you could still say do things you want
it's just a very specific kind so if you
want to call it freedom instead of
privacy I'll accept that but it's not
freedom in general it's just that
specific kind of freedom do you ever go
back and read all the combats after I
actually do yeah frequently I go back
just to read the comments if I was
talking about something and I don't know
how it went over I'll go read the
comments to see how people reacted which
is a really good idea
somebody says your life and your choices
don't apply to my life and my choices
correct correct so if there's somebody
here who says screw you Scott you don't
get to talk for me I get to make my own
choices
I say that's true there's no argument
there I don't have any control over your
choices no no no and I don't want it I'm
just saying that if you want the current
situation you don't have to get it and
if you want a different situation well
there's a path there's a path there too
if you don't want to take it I can't
push it I I certainly wouldn't try to
make you make that choice I'm actually
with you to me freedom is sufficiently
important that if you said to be Scott
here are your two choices you know you
give away the people have to give away
their freedom you could call it but it's
really privacy part of freedom or half a
million people die
might not be you might not be one of
your family members but half a million
people are gonna die earlier that they
needed to be most of them are elderly
will you take that deal I would say
maybe that's that's not unreasonable you
know given the number of people who have
died for freedom if you told me well
we're gonna queue up another half a
million of them because every now and
then you got to buy your freedom again
so that's the price coronavirus just
gave us the invoice and the invoice says
if you like some freedom or if you'd
like to keep some freedom you thought
you had here's your invoice it's
somewhere between 200,000 and 500,000
dead might not be you might not be your
family could be could be you could be
your family but here's your invoice are
you willing to pay this to get that bit
of privacy slash freedom I think a
reasonable person who would pay that
bill am I wrong
would a reasonable person pay that bill
I say yes I think there's plenty of room
for people to have different priorities
because this is so much a logic question
a lot of questions are just you know are
you are you rational you know sometimes
there's there's a rational opinion
there's a bad crazy opinion but
this isn't one of those situations this
is purely a priority question mostly
mostly a priority question is your
priority it is a priority you'd be
willing to die for or risk death you
wouldn't be willing to die for it but
you might be willing to risk death and
you're willing to risk half a million
deaths of the country because your
priority is this bit of freedom
reasonable it's reasonable I'm not sure
I would agree with it but I wouldn't
tell you you were being crazy you know
the people who say there's almost no
there's no price too big for freedom you
know if you'd said you know look Scott
it's going to cost us five million
people five billion people and some of
them might be your family but it's the
only way we can buy it buy our freedom
back I would say again
even have five million people I'd say I
might take the other way
you know I'll look at my options but I'm
not going to criticize you if you said
freedom is worth five million people and
some of them might be your family if you
if you're willing to say that directly
I'll say well you're a person who's
thought this room you've looked at the
costs you've looked at the benefits
you've got a philosophy you've got some
history on your side yeah I would accept
that as a credible opinion all right
somebody says I'll take the gamble and
keep my freedom well let me ask you this
for the for the person who just said
this I'm going to accept that you get to
set your own priorities and I will not
tell you that you should change them so
I'm not going to try to change your mind
I'm just curious what kind of freedom
has that kind of value to you because I
can't think of any in my own life and
like I said I've experienced a lack of
freedom for decades
relative to what other people had and I
would have assumed it would be bad but I
don't experience it that way I don't
know if I just got used to it or my
personality is such that it doesn't
bother me I don't know but ask yourself
what specifically you would be afraid of
somebody knowing now most of the times
when I ask this kind of question it it
turns it to a chain of events it's a
slippery slope argument in disguise so
the real argument is not well I don't
really care if there's some encrypted
database about where my phone has been
when I hadn't done so I think you'd find
people to say okay I don't really care
about that you know because that's could
be temporary it's useful I'm not going
anywhere that's you know I'm not gonna
go anywhere to do any drug deals I don't
have a mistress so yeah I don't care but
I do care if this becomes the first
stage of doing your permanently
because then you know it's a slippery
slope to losing all of my rights
I always reject the slippery slope
argument
and so Dave Reubens just texted me we're
gonna we're gonna talk soon
Dave ribbit has a new book out and I'd
like to talk to him about his new book
so we'll do that probably Tuesday's I'm
not sure all right
I think Tuesday's book comes out that
doesn't mean I'll be talking to about
Tuesday
so I'll set that up and we'll talk about
this and but ask yourself ask yourself
which privacy in particular you really
care about you might find that when you
dig down there's just nothing there
because again nobody's giving up your
bathroom or your bedroom privacy
nobody's talking about giving up your
your health care records it's not not
that kind of thing all right your
financial info you know did you hear
Greg Gutfeld
talk about is it Norway it might have
the details wrong I think it's Norway
that publishes everybody's tax records
in the public place have you heard about
that they just post it it's just I lied
you could go look at your neighbor's tax
returns in Norway now what's your first
reaction to that oh my god oh my god
I'm not gonna live in a world where my
neighbors or anybody who wants can see
my tax returns but has Norway
disappeared has Norway sunk into the
ocean if you ask the typical Norwegian
hey what's your biggest problem today do
you think they're gonna say you know
everything's pretty good but my taxes
are online and my neighbor can see him
and so he says the vol was right about
the slippery slope people try to use
navall as their argument substitute like
if Duval said it I should automatically
agree but in almost every case
somebody's misunderstanding the vols
opinion no navall does now say there's
such a thing as a slippery slope I
haven't even heard his opinion and I
know that that's not true so don't tell
me that
of all believes there is such a thing as
a slippery slope there is such a thing
as things changing over time sometimes
they get better sometimes they get worse
sometimes they change in a way that some
people say is better as some people say
it's worse but there's no rule of
physics that is the slippery slope
there's no automatic reason that things
go in the same direction and there's no
way that no vall believes that all right
I'm not reading his mind I'm just saying
he's way too smart to say that the
slippery slope is a thing it's it's just
that some things go in a direction and
some things don't but I mean that's all
this alright but in Norway
none of the Norwegians seem to have a
problem I haven't given up one of the
most basic pieces of privacy that you've
ever heard of in your life I'm not
recommending we do that because I
personally have a high priority and
keeping people from looking at my tax
returns because my income is in that
category or I don't want people looking
at it you know maybe if I had you know a
bore ordinary job I would say I don't
care who cares I'm an accountant
somebody looks at my numbers I don't
care but doctor who cares if somebody
knows that I make a lot of money because
I'm a doctor
nobody cares but I'm in a weird
situation where people actually do look
up my net worth on Forbes like the
number of people who have googled mind
that worth is kind of crazy it's always
wrong by the way you you you google it
it's just ridiculous guesses I've talked
about the Crenshaw interview a bunch so
I won't be talking about that again
probably Scott you're wrong about this
there is a video a video of what there's
a video of what if you're saying that
there's a video of Deval believing in
magic I'm gonna say I don't have to
research that I don't the slippery slope
is basically magical thinking that
there's there's something that causes
things to magically move in a direction
absent causing the fact that a fact
everything else in the world that's just
other thing things move forward if
there's no reason to stop them and they
stop when there's a reason to stop them
that's it that's all you need to know
Scott it's not like you say in Norway
you are wrong I don't know what that
means
it's called hysteresis not a slippery
slope now I will admit that if you get
used to something it's more likely that
you could move to the next level once
you got used to the first thing that's
real but it's also what progress looks
like somebody says Jim Davis wakes it
makes it way more than you do
yeah Jim Davis I don't know about this
year but he makes it way more than most
people but Bob oh great way of making
friends at work yeah you know but in
theory the lack of privacy the match of
this what would a lack of privacy about
your tax returns do for income
inequality at the very least the
male-female difference in payments
should be obvious right stop telling me
that there's a video of Duvall believing
in magic because I'm not going to go
look for it it doesn't exist it's not a
thing but I'm not going to I'm not gonna
look into that sorry no nobody believes
in magic I'm sorry you can say you saw
it you can say you could you could say
you saw it with your own eyes you can
say you heard it with your own ears you
could even point me to the URL it's not
there it doesn't exist you might think
you heard it but it's not there all
right have you seen Minority Report I
have yes would you agree there is the
thin end of the wedge I don't know what
that means Germany and Nazism was a
slippery slope
nope it's just something that happened
slippery slope applies there something
like physics or there's a law that made
it go in the way again
no there was just people who made
decisions and it went that way if people
make other decisions that it doesn't go
that way if the slippery slope existed
there would be all kinds of Nazi
Germany's Nazi Germany would be the norm
if there was a slippery slope that got
you to there there are points of
friction somebody says the slippery
slope is when you break a point of
friction do you know why there would be
no friction because people agree it's a
good idea if it you can't call the
slippery slope when people think it's a
good idea that's not the slippery slope
all right that's enough for now I'll
talk to you all tonight you know and if
I'd be see you then