boom boom boom boom pow boom well it
looks like I mistakenly used the wrong
microphone which means that this will
not post to Twitter so we won't have as
many people here today and people will
complain about not getting a notice but
I think that's being fixed sometime soon
alright everybody I'm starting a little
bit early this morning we've gotta take
Snickers to the vet for some routine
stuff nothing wrong with the dog she
just needs some routine stuff so let us
begin with the simultaneous lip it
starts when you go and you grab your mug
your cup it could be a Stein or a
chalice possibly a thermos you fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and you join me for the simultaneous
separate all the people who
simultaneously sipped are happier than
all the people who looked at it and said
I'm not gonna fall into that trap of
simultaneously sipping it only hurts
yourself so this Jessi Smollett event
which in one sense is a small story
meaning that it involved you know three
people in the United States directly but
I'm starting to wonder if this is a
turning point in our understanding of
reality and I asked myself what was the
common view of the news 20 years ago I
would say the common view of the news 20
years ago is that the news was mostly
true but maybe 10 or 20 percent was
faking news ish or wrong or likely to be
corrected later so sort of an 80/20
thing but it feels like that has
reversed and maybe it was always
reversed but after the the jussie
Smollett
the thing became so big and so talked
about and so fake as far as we know
right now I wonder if people are
starting to realize that the news is
mostly made-up meaning that the 80/20
has reversed now to test that I will
look at some stories that are in the
headlines and let's see if most of the
stories that are the news are real or if
most of them are Fame news let's take a
look at some other things in the
headlines
we have Jesse small that story started
as fake news right rushon collusion
that's in the headlines every day
probably fake news will wait for a
Muller to confirm but at this point it's
looking like fake news we've got McCabe
saying that Rosenstein not only wasn't
joking about wearing a wire to see the
president
but was but said it twice now that's of
course two different stories we have one
is that he was saying it sort of
sarcastically like it was the worst idea
in the world
and the other is the opposite that he
was saying it seriously so at least half
of the story or at least half of the
world believe in one half of the story
is living under a fake news situation so
that's a that's a 50-50 depending on
which version you decide to accept then
there's the emergency declaration for
the border what is the main narrative
about that the main narrative is that
this border is not really an emergency
and what do you call an emergency is it
appropriate to use emergency powers for
something that's not really technically
an emergency and then you look at all of
the other emergency declarations have
you done that have you ever have you
taken the time to look at the list of
all of the emergency declarations that
are still in in effect I think there are
some 30 of them do any of them look like
emergencies to you
there isn't an emergency on the list is
there I think everything on that list is
a non-emergency most of them are about
freezing bank accounts and bad people
like cartel members and terrorists and
stuff and yes I think those things are
important those are important things but
were they really emergencies as in if
you if you do it next week
it's gonna be that much worse than if
you do it today
welco sort of stretches the definition
of emergency right so the main story
that the president is stretching the
definition of emergency it is about as
fake as you can get we don't know how it
will turn out but certainly the
emergency stuff is used all the time for
non emergencies the other part of that
story is that it's a slippery slope
that if the president uses his power to
declare an emergency for national
defense there's some other president
might use an emergency for something
else to which I say okay it's okay with
me they're gonna have to defend it
because you can see the pushback that
this president is getting for not even
really departing much from what an
emergency declaration has always look
like so he's just a little bit of
departure he's being sued by 16 states
it's got to go to the Supreme Court who
knows so if you're telling me there's a
slippery slope I would say the obvious
news right in front of us says that's
not true because he's getting the
maximum pushback from the smallest
little deviation from what people
thought was okay if you deviated even a
little bit more I would imagine there
would be more pushback the system seems
to be able to absorb that kind of a
problem
slippery slope not really I I've always
said this but the slippery slope is
imaginary because everything goes in the
direction is going until there's
something that stops it everything so to
pick one thing out of life and say oh
there's the slippery slope right there
almost always and elucidation because if
there's nothing to stop something it
will go forever and if there is
something to stop something it will stop
that's the whole story and almost
everything creates a counter force when
it gets going so no matter what is in
action you can almost guarantee a
counter force will will come up such as
these sixteen lawsuits for example all
right what else is in the news let's see
if it's fake or real we had the story
about Alison and camerado saying that
President Trump has no sense of humor is
that real news or is that fake news the
president has no sense of humor
well that's the fakest news you could
ever have that's pretty fake then
there's one of the bushes old attorneys
a guy named dick painter that's his real
name
dick painter now I've seen painting with
rusty I don't know what a dick painter
is exactly but I think it's his name
he's a dick painter and he says that
Trump should be removed under the 25th
amendment because he's not meant because
he's mentally ill is that real news or
fake news well it's real news that he
said it so I mean to that extent is real
news but is it real news that the
president is mentally unstable no no how
about let's see what else oh and the
border funding questioned what's the
biggest thing that you see in the news
biggest thing you see is that walls
don't work walls don't work
that's pretty fake news now if you only
have half a wall that might not work but
nobody is suggesting that we do a bad
job at the border
there there's nobody side that says
let's only plug some of the border you
know about a half should be good and you
know that should be good
nobody thinks that so there's this fake
argument about the fact that incomplete
border security doesn't work nobody's
arguing that incomplete border security
is a good idea it's a complete fake
argument you know straw man and in a
sense both sides alright so those are
the those are the big fake stories now
what else is in the news let's look at
this page oh nothing nothing so
everything I mentioned is pretty much
the news today how much of what I
mentioned is fake news is it twenty
percent fake news and then covington was
fake news so I just mentioned all the
news from you know the way we look at
the wall to the way we're looking at the
Moller thing to the emergency funding
eighty percent of fake news so I think
this mullet thing smollett is a may be a
turning point in how we see the news
from seeing it as eighty percent likely
to be true to eighty percent likely to
be not true now some of these stories
have gone from the not true to the oh my
god we figured out what's really going
on here say yes but when you first hear
a story what should be your percentage
of truth you put on it in general when
you first hear a story how likely is it
to be true I would say twenty percent
twenty percent so if you wanted a good
rule of thumb I would say twenty percent
now there are some types of news stories
that by their nature are more likely to
be true so if they say the president
gave a speech today well he probably
gave a speech right you can tell that
kind of story is real but if you hear
that somebody said something
provocative and so far that's all you've
heard so all you've heard is that
somebody famous that said something
provocative what are the chances that
they really said that and that the
correct context has been reported 20% no
20% that's about it let's talk about
climate change I forwarded around what I
considered one of the best arguments in
favor of climate alarm now when I talk
about climate change persuasion those
who have been following me for a while
you know that what I'm really talking
about is how good they can convince
people I'm not talking about what's true
I'm not talking about whether climate
change is real and dangerous or not I'm
not talking about the underlying facts
only talking about how persuasive the
argument is and the main argument that
I've seen is that hockey stick I'm just
looking for the article itself because I
want to read a little bit too of it to
you so if you if so the biggest argument
for climate change the one you've heard
the most is the the hockey stick graph
right this shows that the co2 goes up
and the heat goes up and and it's it's
been going up but man it's gonna go up
like a hockey stick shake if you worked
in corporate America as I did what is
the most common joke about hockey stick
and graphs what does every business
person say when somebody produces a
hockey stick graph a hundred percent of
business people people who have business
experience see they see the graph with
the hockey stick and they laugh they
laugh because the hockey stick shape of
a graph is the most famous symbol of
fakery in corporate America now that
alone does not mean that the climate
graph is wrong right those are different
concepts
I'm just saying that those with business
experience as opposed to scientific
experience perhaps as opposed to news
media experience but people who work
with income projections are used to
seeing this graph it's like oh we're
gonna introduce the new product and
it'll start slow for five years but man
it's gonna pick up just like that
all right so from a persuasion
standpoint the hockey stick graph is
probably the biggest mistake well if it
if it becomes true the climate change is
as dangerous as the climate scientists
are mostly telling us the hockey stick
graph would be the biggest failure of
persuasion in the history of humanity
probably or at least you could argue
it's in the top ten and the reason is
that by its nature it looks fraudulent
secondly when they do the prediction
models the prediction models also feel
like lies which is different from
whether they're true or false different
from whether they're accurate or not
accurate those are separate questions
but how they feel to us is like
somebody's lying to us so you show me
the hockey stick and I say automatically
boom both wait I don't even need to hear
the details as soon as you show me that
I know you're lying
that doesn't mean you're lying doesn't
mean that's wrong it just means that
that's my first impression likewise with
the complicated prediction models if you
if you show complicated prediction
models to someone who's never worked in
corporate America they probably say well
they come from scientists they're
complicated
a lot of people seem to say they're real
I'm gonna believe them but if you show a
complicated 80 year prediction model to
someone with business experience most of
those people are going to say that looks
exactly like all the lies I've ever seen
that look just like that
so again independent of what's true
because I don't know what's true but
independent of that in terms of
persuasion the two worst things you
could do to convince the world is show
the
hockey stick graph looks illegitimate on
the surface and then say you've got all
these secret you know or not secret but
hard to understand complicated models
those two things are the least credible
arguments of all time now if it turns
out that climate change is as dangerous
as people say and and our disbelief of
it caused us not to act then those two
pieces of persuasion would be the most
dangerous things that have ever happened
compare that to this article that I
tweeted yesterday which I labeled the
most persuasive argument I've seen on
the climate change side of the argument
in other words an alarmist argument let
me tell you what it does right so the
first thing it does is says that the
problem is worse than you think
and it's going to happen sooner than you
think now do you do you feel more afraid
already than you would if somebody said
in 80 years the GDP might be hit by 10
percent because that's what the IPCC
said recently 10 percent we hit on GDP
over 80 years
so the IPCC did not scare me in fact I
took them at their word and said oh
that's all 10 percent I'm not even gonna
worry about that but now this far more
persuasive piece and again I'm not
saying this is true I'm just talking
about the persuasive power of it starts
right now saying that it's worse than
you think
and it's sooner than you think immediacy
is important if something is immediately
a problem as in my lifetime as opposed
to some teenagers lifetime then I'm more
worried now what it doesn't do is show
the hockey stick graph what it doesn't
do is talk too much about the models
instead it says listen I won't be able
to find it oh here it is
so it throws out some things like this
past winter a string of days 60 and 70
degrees warmer than normal baked the
North Pole
sixty and seventy degrees warmer than
normal at the North Pole now that's
something you can understand right now
it might not be true it might not be a
representative but it feels persuasive
it's like wait you're talking about the
North Pole and it was 60 to 70 degrees
warmer like you can feel that argument
right you feel it all right then they
talk about the Doomsday vault where they
keep all the seeds
apparently the permafrost stuff which
everybody thought would never never melt
that's why it's called permafrost melted
and actually threatened the strategic
vault in which we keep all the seeds in
case there's a calamity when you start
telling me that the Doomsday vault with
all of the seeds for all the plants that
we would need to repopulate and refeed
the world if there's some disaster you
tell me that thing almost got taken out
by climate change now I'm afraid now I'm
afraid all right but one of my favorite
parts about this it talks about a crack
in an ice shelf that grew 11 miles in 6
days by the time you read this it may
have already gone into the open water
all right Co visual this is he's talking
about an ice shelf so you imagine it it
grew 11 miles you're seeing that golf
ball so you've got a little movie
running in your mind about this
happening
that's good visual stuff he's got a
bunch of more visual stuff but my
favorite part of this was when he talked
about how so listen to this he talked
about how if you went outside at 105
degrees you can survive right 105
degrees isn't that unusual it's not
unusual in a desert at all but
apparently there are some changes that
would make our humidity go up now and
the story says that if you ever reached
a point where the humidity was 100
was 90% which happens routinely in Costa
Rica already
all right so 90 degree humidity is
already a thing with it we experienced
but you also at the same time had a
hundred and five degrees it would kill
you it would boil you think about that a
hundred and five degrees at the same
time it's 90 degrees of humidity would
actually kill you if you went outside
for a few hours it would take a few
hours but it would kill you you would
boil now here's why this is so
persuasive 90 degree humidity is
something we already have in places so
it was easy to imagine because it
already exists 105 degrees is something
we've probably all been in most of you
have been in degrees that are over a
hundred so those two things are going to
start to come together and fairly
quickly and so this article talks about
mass extinction event so instead of
saying hey I think we might lose Miami
this one goes further it goes full you
know Donald Trump
president Trump persuasion so instead of
now 105 degrees is not the boiling point
if it's 105 degrees and it's 90%
humidity the human body can't handle it
and you'll die in a few hours that's the
claim now it might not be true but we're
talking about persuasion right it's good
persuasion okay I said boil for those of
you who are a little bit literal I
didn't literally mean boil okay so if
you're hung up on the word boil I take
it back for anybody who was hung up on
that you would simply die if you're out
there with that humidity and that
temperature for several hours now many
of you might be saying but wait a minute
Scott the world is already deadly in a
lot of it for you know there are a lot
of places right now you can't go out
into worse for four hours
right you can't go to the North Pole and
just you know walk outside without your
jacket I'll stay there for four hours
you die so we already have a world
that's inhospitable if you stay out
there with the wrong preparations for
four hours anyway the point is bad
persuasion looks like the hockey stick
graph and our complicated models good
persuasion looks like this the
temperature is already going up X
degrees if it goes up a few more degrees
which were which every scientist oh oh
and here's the best part when people are
trying to convince you of climate
science don't you always hear that 97%
of scientists agree what is your first
reaction when you hear 97% of climate
scientists agree it's fake right so your
first impression to the strongest thing
people like to say to persuade you is
that doesn't sound right
all right as soon as you hear the 97%
you go I don't think they can even
measure that did you ask the same
question to everybody what would that
mean because there are so many sub
specialties within climate science how
many people even can see the whole
picture so the moment you hear the 97%
many of us who have experience with
hearing bad statistics say on its
surface I don't even need to go any
deeper on its surface if you're telling
me it's 97% I already know you're lying
and everything you say after that I
don't believe so this article that I say
is persuasive doesn't do that
it's here's what it does instead this is
this are the author I should say and I
should name the author because it is so
persuasive the author is David Wallace
wells and David Wallace wells it says
that he talked to the top scientists in
the field and they all agree now compare
that for persuasion if you tell me that
97% agree I know that you have ginned up
a number
for persuasion and it sounds fake to me
and it also includes all the dumb people
because I've heard critics say this and
it's probably at least a little bit true
that the smarter scientists go into
physics and the the scientists who
didn't do so well tend to go into
climate climate science now of course
that's not true for the top scientists
in climate science
I'm sure the top scientists have every
bit the qualifications as the you know
the best physicists because they're the
top scientists but it's probably true
that if you took a hundred randomly
selected climate scientists they might
not be the best scientists in the world
you know the bottom 80% but if you say I
talked to the top scientists in climate
scientists and they all agree you have
persuaded me if you tell me the top five
or even five at the top ten you know you
don't even need to know who are the top
five but if you say I talked to five
four scientists who are probably in the
top ten and they're all in the same page
I'm persuaded you tell me that 97 out of
100 claimed a scientist and some poll
you did agree I am unpersuaded it's the
opposite of persuasion right so anyway
the point is independent of what's true
or false about climate science and I'm
still trying to get to the bottom of
that personally and also for your
benefit persuasion wise this was solid
gold is scared me here's what I did
right it was visual in the sense that I
painted a picture in your head of
glaciers moving and people people
boiling to death outdoors and stuff like
that so it was good on visual it was
good on fear and it was smart because it
moved the fear forward so it's more
media and it avoided the biggest
mistakes of persuasion the hockey stick
graph the complicated complicated models
and the 97% of scientists those are the
three biggest missed
in climate science persuasion not saying
they're not true that part I don't know
but persuasion why is there an anti
persuasive and then yeah again talking
about the top five scientist or whoever
you talk to so somebody says so do you
believe it like do you believe we're too
late I'll tell you my experience that
I've been reporting on for some time
when I read an article like this I'm
completely persuaded that we're all dead
again
persuaded that doesn't mean it's true
the moment I'm done with this somebody
pointed me to a tweet by Bjorn Lomborg I
said wait for me to finish my point here
before you weigh in with your opinion so
immediately after tweeting this and
saying it was persuasive and that I
could feel it I could feel persuaded
like I was I was literally afraid when I
was done reading him somebody
immediately sends me over to a tweet by
Bjorn Lomborg he's I guess you could
call him a skeptic he's more of a more
of a economics guy in terms of how he
looks at things so his argument is the
economics of climate change are not as
bad as people say and I look at his
Twitter feed and the and right there
there's a tweet where there's a new
study that says that all these little
islands these atolls that were supposed
to be underwater I know they were
supposed to be subject to rising tides
basically none of them have rising tides
not not ties but sea level so one of the
most central predictions of climate
change is that we are already seeing
rising sea levels and this new study
couldn't find it and these are these are
tolls I don't know exactly where they
are but they were certainly critical to
predictions about
about climate change so as soon as I
read Bjorn Lomborg thing and I looked at
it and said okay here's a key prediction
that's just not true according to the
study again I don't know if the study's
true
I was completely persuaded that I had
been over persuaded by the alarm so my
point is that whoever you read last is
completely persuasive if you read a
climate scientists argument it will
persuade you and if you walk over five
minutes later and read a skeptic Toni
Heller for example and you you see his
arguments you will be persuaded they
both have solid gold persuasion so when
somebody asked me what do I believe I
don't believe I can penetrate the topic
to get to the point where I really I
know what's going on I can sort of guess
I can at various times I've had
predictions that have you know leaned in
one way or the other but at the moment I
am directly on the fence I actually
can't tell I cannot tell how much I
should worry about climate change
I just don't know all right I'm gonna nd
here because I need to run to the
veterinarian's and I will talk to you
all later