[Music]
um hey everybody come on in it's time
for your twice daily dose of coffee with
Scott Adams and the simultaneous F and
if you would like to enjoy this
simultaneous sip perhaps you need a cup
or a marker glass a tankard chelators
tying the canteen jug or flask a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure the dopamine
Fan Tutte the thing that makes
everything better including the
coronavirus that's right including that
its disciple teeny except go yeah better
every moment alright
China is apparently keeping open their
their their wet markets the places where
they torture animals to death and then
eat them or something I don't know
exactly what they're doing there but
here's my proposition for the world we
should never open up travel to China so
long as they have their web markets open
now what would that caused them to do
well they might close the web markets so
that they could have travel again with
the United States or they could admit
that the virus didn't come from the wet
market if they want to keep them open so
I think we should just make it not
personal nothing personal about this
China no insult intended but as long as
you're wet markets are open we're never
going to have flights between the United
States and China never now at some point
in the near future we're going to have
the debate about reopening travel might
be a month from now
but let me tell you where I'm gonna come
out on this if the web markets are still
open I'm gonna go nuts if we open up
travel I don't think I'm gonna make I
don't think I'll do anything else except
complain about that so are you with me
we can't open up travel to China well
they keep the web market open that's
that's a level of irresponsibility that
takes them out of first world contention
I mean there there's a certain set of
behaviors that are just necessary to be
part of the civilized world and that's
not it that's just not it
so let's agree that no travel to China
ever ever for the rest of time until
they close the web markets now you might
say to yourself well that work could we
could we put pressure on China that way
and allow me to tell the story from
years ago this story won't tell you much
about China but I was reminded of it it
was funny it goes like this
a million years ago when I was young and
I worked in the corporate environment at
the phone company I was in a cubicle
environment and this is so long ago this
smoking was allowed indoors so I would
be surrounded by people smoking
cigarettes indoors and you know I've got
mild asthma and it was just horrible
like it just smelled and it was
unpleasant I couldn't work with that
smell but of course it was legal at the
time so I would talk to my boss and my
boss would say what can I do it's legal
it's allowed you know what can I do so
that situation persisted for a while and
keep in mind that this is before I
started Dilbert I was just a guy in the
cubicle and and it's important for the
historical you know value of the story
you have to know that this was way
before I was known for being persuasive
that's important to the story so every
day I would think gosh what am I going
to do I can't I can't put up with us and
I've already asked management and they
said we're not going to change it well
one day as luck would have it the
corporate the corporate folks decided
that we all had to sign off on some
workplace safety documents and that each
person had to look at the documents and
read them and then they had to sign that
they understood of the workplace safety
rules and that they would implement them
so it wasn't enough that you you knew
what they were you were basically
committing that if you saw workplace
safety problem there was your job to do
something about it and one of the things
they required is that if a workplace is
unsafe that you should immediately
inform management and then not go to
work there so it was your responsibility
to not work where it was unsafe it was
only your responsibility to tell
management that you weren't going to
work there and then they need to change
it so I get the document and I'm looking
down the list of known known problems
it was listing carcinogens it listed
tobacco secondhand tobacco smoke so on
the on the the company's own documents
the official document that I had to sign
to promise that I will comply with it is
said that if I was in a situation with
secondhand tobacco smoke I was in a
dangerous workplace area so I complied
and I informed my management that I
wouldn't be coming to work any more
until the workplace was created to be
safe and I said it's nothing personal
I'm just I'm just gonna use the company
policy this says this is an unsafe
workplace I mean it's right here I'm not
making this up and I'm reading it right
off the page and I'm in one I mean
there's no doubt about it there's no
there's no question about the data I'm
sitting right next to a smoker so I said
I'll come back to work when it's
so I went home a day goes by and my
media supervisor calls and says are you
serious about this or words to that
effect
and I said why wouldn't I be serious
about it it's it's the workplace policy
I'm just following your own policy I
can't go to work until it's safe that's
that's your that's your rule I'm not
making the rules up he talks to his boss
his boss calls me the next day so this
is day two where I'm being paid but I'm
not going to work
so so far this is good for me right but
boss's boss calls and said are you
serious about this I said yeah totally
serious about it I'm not coming back to
work until the smoking is gone and then
my boss's boss's boss called I maybe
remembering some of this a little
approximately but it was basically this
story and and said are you serious about
this and I said yep and about a day
later my boss called and said that they
had rearranged the office and put the
smokers in one place and they would have
me in another place so I decided to go
back to work because they they moved me
to a non-smoking part of the building
and there was only there's only maybe
months after that that the whole company
banned smoking indoors now part of what
I did was make sure people knew my story
because the company buckled they had to
they had to what were they going to do
it was their own policy it was in
writing and I they just gave it to me
and forced me to sign it at the risk of
being fired if I didn't sign it
now what would happen after I told all
the people in my office that they could
just go home and get paid and they
didn't have any chance of getting fired
well that was the end of smoking at
Pacific Bell so my point is that we
could certainly tell China that we're
not going to open up travel until their
wet market
are closed we could do that because you
just have to you have to make sure that
they know you're not bluffing it's all
about knowing you're not bluffing and
let me tell you I was willing to get
fired I would have gone to the local
newspaper I would have made it a you
know a national story to the extent that
I could have so remember I told you the
difference between wanting something and
deciding this is this is a perfect
anecdote for that there were a lot of
people who in the office who wanted to
not be around cigarette smoke but
wanting it didn't do anything they could
talk about it they could ask for it but
they were just sort of wanting it
I wanted it until I decided I wasn't
gonna have it anymore once I decided it
was over I was not going to be around it
you know I might have lost my job you
know might have been big consequences
but I had already decided so that's the
difference between deciding so if I had
lost my job that was the price I was
going to pay but I had already decided
all right um
yesterday there were under 236 fewer
deaths than the day before let's see if
we can keep that up I don't think will
necessarily be low again today I imagine
the numbers are going to pop around a
little bit randomly for a while but
that's a good sign could be the
beginning of the turn never know on fox
news they said the unemployment rate
after these six point whatever a million
people are added to unemployment was
four point four percent that's not right
is it did we just add over six million
people to unemployment and the
unemployment rate is still only four
point four percent that can't possibly
be right right so I need a fact check on
that because I thought it was around 10
percent because if it's only four point
four percent I'm not sure we have a
problem right but if it's 10 percent we
serve with a pretty serious problem
so let's fact check that that can't
possibly be right that is four point
four percent and maybe the problem is
that it's just going to keep getting
higher so maybe I shouldn't be too happy
about that if it's true
here's you know my my complaints about
why the task force does not give us good
reporting on ventilators and masks and
PPE and I dug into a little bit and it
turns out that one of the problems is
that the hospitals either can't tell you
or won't tell you or they're hoarding or
they're lying so what do you do when you
need to make decisions about you know
what to do about ventilators and supply
and all that but you know all the
information is bad it's just bad data
because people are lying they don't know
they're they're hoarding so everything
you're getting is bad here's what I
would suggest I believe that you could
estimate these things even without the
hospitals because you could take some
averages for example you could say how
many people does our model say we'll go
into the hospital
I think the model gives you a range
right you know the model says it'll
increase this much in New York City I
should tell you how many new patients
you got now you know that if you get a
hundred patients maybe two or three of
them will end up on ventilators whatever
the number is so you should be able to
estimate if you know how many people are
gonna come in you know what percentage
of them are give me on ventilators and
you know how many ventilators you have
you kind of have enough now in any given
Hospital you might be way off but if you
were to sum them up you probably your
your mistakes would they might average
out so you get closer to a good number
when you average out the the
peculiarities but at the very least it
would give you a directional number now
some have said if they can add an
adapter to you know double the number of
people on a ventilator and those are big
variables that can change everything we
don't know how that plays out but let's
say let's have a number without that
just a raw a ventilator number could
could the defense procurement Act the
DPA could the president say to all the
hospitals
I'm the president it's an emergency and
under the under the defense act I order
all the hospitals to give me these three
pieces of data by the end of the day and
maybe it's just an email address or
whatever it is and just say by the end
of today you tell me how many
ventilators you got how many are in use
you know and whatever data around that
would be also useful could the president
force that to be done in 24 hours I
think so I think so what all the auspi
ttles give him accurate information
would some sandbag yeah of course of
course because it's human beings
involved but you'd get in the ballpark
you know wouldn't you like to know if
we're 60 percent of the way you know and
let's say you're wrong about that it's
not the 60 percent of the way it's turns
out to be 50 or 70 that's pretty far off
right well not really for
decision-making it tells you you have to
go as hard as you can because whether we
have 50 percent enough or 70 percent
enough it's not even close to enough but
if it's 90 percent enough maybe you say
all right put a little energy into
something else because we're pretty
close on that so we need these numbers
it's not a joke anymore or we have to
say the task force's incompetent if they
can't give us these numbers by today I
would say I mean they're already
incompetent for not doing it yesterday
and I'm not going to grade easy on this
you know I've got my compliments for
things the president has done I think
his decision-making has actually been
quite good if you were to look at you
know what you knew at the time and then
what decision you made I think history
is going to say his decision-making is
quite good but there's something
preventing the number of crunchers or
whoever's job it is from giving the
public useful information on these PPE
and ventilators and that just just needs
to be fixed I I can estimate it for you
I mean I could do it
it wouldn't you know and I could get
within a range or you know a field where
it would be useful information
it's not that hard one of the things
we're seeing here is that people are
really bad at math and it makes a
difference in how you and science as
well I suppose it makes a difference on
how you see the whole situation if you
don't know anything about math or
economics you can be sort of blinded to
the tricks people are playing and let me
give you an example in the New York
Times they've got a story that says
there are 2200 ventilators left in New
York State and they expect to need 350
per day and so they just took the 2200
that they have available and they said
all right how many does 350 go into that
and it's about 6 days so they said well
I got about 6 days supply what's wrong
with that calculation anybody anybody
Muller Euler the answer is it doesn't
calculate people coming off ventilators
because you don't use the ventilator and
throw it away
people are coming on and coming off so
if the number was and it's not but let's
say the number was they get off on
Slater's in 3 days well that completely
changes how many days of ventilators you
have if it's two weeks a little that you
got a little more trouble I've seen
estimates from 9 to 11 days some people
saying 7 but let's say it's 10 days you
have to calculate that right
the New York Times writing a feature
article just takes the amount available
and divides it by the amount you need
per day and says well it looks like
about 6 days are you kidding me a sixth
grader would know that's not the right
answer because people are coming off as
leaders - so yeah it's difficult to
calculate but let me finish the point so
by way of background for years my
corporate job was estimating and
predicting and calculating things in the
financial world and the tactical world
so that's all I did all day how accurate
were my prediction predictions
not very because it turns out that
predict in the futures kind of hard hard
to predict the future so but we're my
predictions useful just the same and the
answer is yes so if you don't understand
this point you're gonna be very confused
about what you see about numbers and
decisions and stuff here's the point
accuracy is not what you're shooting for
it'd be great if you could have it but
you can't be accurate about the future
that's not a thing you can only predict
and hope you're accurate that's the best
you can do but it still tells you what
to do and what not to do even in its
inaccurate form and I'll just keep using
this example if you had a very
inaccurate number but it told you that
we were somewhere between zero and 30%
of the number of ventilators we needed
that would tell you to do a major major
push to make more ventilators even
though your number is grossly you know
approximate likewise if it was more like
over 90 percent you would make a
different decision about where to put
your resources so you don't have to be
that accurate and the other thing is
that people are good at this can pretty
quickly work through reasonable
estimates okay so for example I'll give
I'll give you an example from my
budgeting days so I would go to each
department head and I'd say give me your
budget for the coming year and then I
would take all their but their budget
information to my boss and the boss
would look at it and say okay cut it by
20%
just cut everybody by 20% now you think
that's stupid right because all the
department heads told you what they
needed so if you cut it by 20% they
can't do their jobs right well here's
where experience comes in because what I
knew and what my boss knew every time is
that the department managers would be
padding their estimates so they'd have
too much because they don't want to have
to level and we know because human
nature is human nature that the
department heads are not so dumb that
they're going to double asking what they
asked for last year unless they had some
good grades
so you know they're not gonna like cheap
by lwith because human nature it would
be too obvious etc you know they're not
gonna just increase it by ten percent
because they can try to get a little
more than that
so human nature is they're gonna pick a
number to pad it by that they think they
can get away with the biggest number
they think they have a chance of getting
away with and big enough that once if it
got reduced a little bit they'd still be
ok what is that number well let me tell
you from experience it's usually around
20% if you were to just randomly you
know survey a bunch of people in that
position and say alright you know how
much you think you're gonna Pat it you'd
probably find that on average people
would bat at about 20% now do I know
that do I have data for that no not at
all it's basically just something an
experienced person would know
automatically cuz you just see them you
see it you see it until it's just
obvious that that's what's been
happening so likewise with this
ventilator situation if you told me tell
me how many that the hospital says they
have I would probably in my mind say
well that's probably the least number
they have they might have patted that a
little bit because they don't want to
run out so in this case they would Pat
it low in other words they tell you they
had fewer ventilators than they really
have once you sum up all those numbers a
good estimator would say you know if we
take their numbers at face value it
looks like this but common sense says
they may have patted it a little bit and
then you might figure that in all right
now because it's life and death you
wouldn't want to try to cut it too close
to the edge you're still going to want
to have more ventilators not less but
these approximate numbers do give you
some some sense of you know sense of
what you should be doing according to
Josh Rogin tweet scientists don't rule
out that an accident at a research lab
in Wuhan might have spread the deadly
bat virus so I don't believe that there
are any serious people saying that it
looks like
it was intentional which is different
from saying it's engineered so the virus
could be engineered and it could be
natural but nobody's saying that China
would be dumb enough to say oh this is a
good idea let's let's release this in
our own country so I don't think anybody
thinks that happened at least the people
who were experts at this sort of thing
but it's still out there and now that
does that of course plays into the the
wet market question if we know that
other viruses came from the wet market
you still have to close it so
independent of whether this one came
from the wet market where it didn't you
still have to close the wet market so
that's just that just has to be done
there's a another frej study about the
hydroxychloroquine which is less good so
that most of you heard that one study
from France that looked like the
hydroxychloroquine with as if niacin and
zinc was really effective in keeping
people off of ventilators but another
study where they only gave it to people
who were in bad shape showed that it did
not reduce the virus and that was that
suggested to the researcher who did it
that it probably doesn't work at all
because if it worked even a little bit
you would see it even with the sickness
patients so in other words you know it
would make sense that it helps the less
sick people a lot but you should still
still see a big effect even if it
doesn't save their lives you should see
the virus go down and the more sick
people and that they were the limit the
limit up that the study was limited to
sick people but here's the thing I'm not
a doctor but isn't there something wrong
with this if they if what he was basing
this on was measuring the virus load
because my understanding and in the
here's where I get into trouble dr. drew
if you're going to watch this
send me a message later and tell me how
completely wrong I am so everybody
everybody with this warning I don't know
what I'm talking about
so you get that right I'm gonna talk
about some medical stuff and I don't
know what I'm talking about
so put that caveat and
you had my understanding of why this
coronavirus thing was killing people is
not because there was a lot of virus but
rather there was something about some
people's lungs and their condition and
maybe their East two receptors or
something about their lungs there would
cause this your cause your own body to
go into this some kind of a storm that
basically you were it would be your
defense mechanisms going haywire that is
the thing that kills you now my
understanding is that the hygienic
hydroxychloroquine is supposed to reduce
the risk of your own immune system going
nuts now here's the part I did the fact
check on is the assumption of why the
hydroxychloroquine works then it reduces
virus because I didn't think that was
the assumption I thought the assumption
of why it worked is that it reduces the
reaction of your body as opposed to how
much virus there is so if this
researcher said well I don't think the
hydroxyl clerkly works because we didn't
see it reduce the virus but he was
already working with people who maybe
were too far gone does that tell you
anything and so so my question is yeah
that's the word I was looking for
it's a cytokine cytokine C wide t okay I
and E storm and that that has something
to do with your body's own defenses
going into some kind of a spiral that
that is bad alright somebody says
incorrect and then somebody says correct
somebody says you are correct and
somebody says yes it reduces virus
somebody says no it kills the virus
somebody says yes and no all right so
that's why we do a fact check because
the other thing I'm not sure about is
did the second study show the the
cocktail I think you did right the
azithromycin
but I know anyway so I'm just gonna put
that out there that I don't know if the
two studies were comparable so but there
are now two studies I know of this shows
that doesn't work right so if it turns
out that the hydroxychloroquine doesn't
work
don't say nobody told you because there
are two studies that suggest it doesn't
at least two there might be more but one
of them is the Chinese study that has no
credibility because it's a Chinese study
and the second one is this one which I'm
not sure they compared apples and
oranges so I don't know if it's telling
this what it should but it should worry
you that the virus did not reduce all
right yeah I was already worried about
the following thing happening and it
already happened today like there's some
things you can just predict about human
nature the humans are just sometimes
we're awesome but sometimes we're just
terrible and here's a prediction I made
about human nature so I have made for
some time the prediction that the total
net keyword net deaths from the corona
virus would be 5k or less 5,000 or less
now you say to yourself but Scott 6000
people have already died so you're
already wrong because it's over 5,000 to
which I say no you missed the net part
because so many people have lived
because there's no traffic etc they have
to consider that because that was all
part of the same decision the decision
to close the economy necessarily saved a
whole bunch of lives it wasn't why we
did it but it's there so already and I
predicted that no matter how clearly and
how often I would say the 5k is net that
when we know what the real numbers are
idiots would come after me on the
internet and say Scott you said 5,000
and it's really 20,000 so I guess you're
wrong better admit it in public and if
you couldn't believe it somebody
is already doing it already somebody
contacted me on LinkedIn and said Scott
you should already admit that you're
wrong because it's over 5,000 and you
didn't say net the first time you said
it
why do people like that exist now it
probably is true that I didn't say that
the first time I said it but I did say
it way before we knew how many people
were gonna die I said it wouldn't about
a thousand had died so far and it should
be obvious that it's net because they
shouldn't be anything else the only
thing that matters is the net that's the
whole point we're trying to net save
people that's all we're doing right so
of course is to that I shouldn't have to
say it but already so you know I blocked
you know so I'm gonna block everybody
who does that so I want to give you a
warning there will be people come in
here who say you know sorry 5,000 so
you're wrong it goes against your
appropriate record and I'm just gonna
block you for being stupid okay so just
know that that's gonna happen alright so
we learned yesterday that the Florida
emergency management officials said the
3m was selling masks to other countries
because they were showing up with cash
or they were ahead of us on the in the
line and then some people are saying
well you know you have to let people
sell across borders because if everybody
if everybody did that then we might have
less supply because we wouldn't be able
to get it from other countries I don't
know if any that's true but let me say
this I don't judge this kind of mistake
and that has to be judged as a mistake
by the government I don't judge this as
a mistake because as soon as I found out
about it they stopped it so this is a
case of things working correctly now you
would like that we wouldn't have
anticipated this from day one that
somebody should have said on day one
here's the law you know under the
emergency act or whatever
Act or executive order or whatever we
need to do you can't sell it to foreign
countries because we need it here but I
don't know if anybody thought of that
did they
I I don't believe anybody had it on the
top of their mind that that was even a
risk it was a hole that needed to be
plugged
but apparently as soon as the president
heard about it you know within 60
seconds he said go plug that hole and
then they did so I think this is exactly
the kind of mistake that you should
judge generously because we're in an
emergency it's fog of war we're probably
going to make all kinds of mistakes but
if we're correcting them as soon as we
make them that's really as good as you
can do so I'm not going to criticize the
President or the task force for that
whereas they're not giving us good
numbers about the PPE and ventilators
they've had plenty of time
I'm definitely criticizing them for that
how do you make decisions when you have
incomplete data and you don't trust your
data that's the situation we're in and
I'll give you some hints one way is that
you can make decisions you can reverse
so if you don't know what you should do
because the data is so fuzzy do
something that you can reverse if it
doesn't work out so that's rule number
one
next thing you want to do is things you
can test which is the same as reversing
it if it doesn't work out you need to be
able to know it's not working and then
beyond that you make decisions with the
best expected value which is you say
well there's a 10% chance of this
happening in costing me a thousand
dollars so I will value that at ten
percent times a thousand dollars or a
hundred dollars that's an expected value
calculation you don't need to do all the
math but there are ways to estimate
things when you don't and there ways to
make decisions when all your data is bad
one of the things you keep hearing from
our experts is that our national
strategy is to use data to make
decisions but am I wrong that all of our
data has been wrong so far I feel like
all of our data is just bad so what does
it mean to make data based decisions
when all of your data is bad and you
know it
well we're not really making database
decisions we're not making decisions
based on data that's sort of just
something politicians say so you feel
better about it they would make
decisions based on data they want to
they just don't have any they don't have
the right kind of data that they can
rely on so I don't know what it means to
make decisions on dated when you don't
have a good data all right but we can
still make decisions are you having the
same handshaking experience I am as you
watch expert after expert get on
television and you know get and give
interviews in which the experts are now
saying oh yeah masks or a good idea
obviously Oh obviously masks are a good
idea and wasn't it just a few weeks ago
that only the idiots who had no
expertise we're saying obviously mess
for a good idea why are you lying to us
like this and now the experts are acting
like they knew it all along it's bugging
me it's got it bugging me to watch the
experts act as though it's just common
sense of course I mean if the if the
virus is spread by things coming out of
your mouth and especially some of them
might be non symptomatic why wouldn't
you want to cover that source of virus
it's really bugging me but I'm glad that
they're coming around to the right
answer and where were you a month ago is
my question for those experts let's see
I saw two people made the same
suggestion today and I would like to
promote that idea Dana Perino and Jake
Novak who separately made the same kind
of observation that we need some kind of
a task force or somebody in charge of
the go back to work decision because
it's not just yes/no right the decision
to go back to work is probably going to
get really complicated and you know and
again it'll be hard to have the right
data but here's how I
do it so I agree with Dana Perino and
Jake Novak to those smarter people who
observed the world just in general
they're usually on the right side and
stuff if you follow them but here are
the factors that I think we should put
into it so first of all I would take
this as a stake in the sand I would say
if you were gonna send people back to
work we should not kid ourselves that'll
be a hundred percent safe because
obviously it's not so we should set some
kind of a level of risk then if you are
below that risk you can go back to work
but if you're above that level of risk
maybe you wait a little while and here
are the factors that I believe we could
accurately say determine your risk now
of course every person is individual so
you're not going to be able to protect
every person you know any any guidelines
you have will necessarily result in
somebody who probably had a high risk
but didn't know it goes to work and he
ends up dead so so don't think in terms
of reducing risk to zero and I think if
we were to reduce the risk of going back
to work - let's say normal flu season
levels whatever that is then we'd
probably be okay with at least though
the the part of the world that would
only have normal flu level risk we
probably let them go back to work and
here are the factors that would
determine whether they have regular flu
risk or extra crota virus risk my
favorite estimates the 80 to 90 percent
of the hospitalized people are
overweight could we in this country say
here's the deal if your if your BMI is
above this number you're not safe now
body mass index is of course dicey
because muscular people look fat if you
if you weigh them because muscle weighs
more but I think we could work through
the sub of that so here's the first
thing it's politically incorrect to say
fat people stay home we're in an
emergency this is an emergency all the
rules about polite behavior are out the
window
so let me say this as as as directly as
I can when some people get to go back to
work
fat people got to stay home because you
don't have the same risk I'm sorry
fat people have to stay home now I'm not
Fasching I'm not giving you any advice
I'm just saying the math suggests that
we will have a national tragedy if fat
people go to work and until the virus is
so I think we have to grow up a little
bit you know I'm using I'm using a
provocative word and I'm saying fat
because that sounds insulting but I'm
trying to make the point that the moment
you're complaining about that
you know the political correctness of it
then you don't understand what an
emergency is it's an emergency if we
have to tell fat people to stay home
okay we can call it overweight we can
put it in terms of BMI so we're polite
we're still civilized so we can put it
in polite terms that's fine but if we're
getting worked up about
you can't tell fat people to stay home
we got to get over that because part of
the answer is gonna be fat people stay
at home I'm sorry that is gonna be the
answer
I'm day one of people going back to work
assuming that the data supports that and
I think it probably does the next factor
would be whether you could isolate
yourself at work do you have outdoor
work if it's outdoor work or if it's
isolated work or or you're in a cubicle
environment and only you know only one
at a five of you or going back to work
because the rest of you can telecommute
can you check the box that says yeah I
can easily stay more than six feet away
from people could you have a factor for
your age of course age is a big factor
so if you're younger you get to go back
first how about if you're already
recovered as soon we hope we'll have
enough tests to know if somebody has the
antibodies so obviously if you're
already recovered that's good how about
having an app to track your contacts and
you can't go back to these are just
brainstorming ideas how about an app
that uses your let's say your Bluetooth
and I think you could do this you have
to turn on your Bluetooth
your app and you have to have the app
that lets you go back to work
so again just brainstorm here so if you
in order to get the go-ahead to go back
to work if you meet these other criteria
you also have to have your app on Wi-Fi
asked me on and the only reason is it
identifies people you're near so if it
turns out later you get it the
government could just open up the app
they can see all the times that that
your your Bluetooth was close enough to
somebody else's Bluetooth sends them a
text message and says you were within
six feet of somebody who was infected
maybe you should isolate or whatever the
recommendation is what about testing
people for these ace two ace 2 receptors
in their lungs there's strong evidence
that that makes a difference let's say
if you've had that test that's another
factor another factor would be whether
you could isolate that home not just at
work so in order to be allowed to go to
work and then come back into your house
you're going to have to demonstrate that
there's no old person in your house who
can't be isolated so you so they'd have
to have some criteria because you're
also bringing the risk back into your
house so that could be a factor could we
take all the old people who live with
young people and put those old people in
hotels for a few months because there's
a whole bunch of hotels are available
right could you say yes this household
need needs their their breadwinner let's
say to go to work or breadwinners but it
you can't allow it
if grandma's still in the house and it's
there's just too many people in the
house so maybe grandma goes to stay at
the Fairmont because you know there are
no regular guests enter anyway and she
just gets a better isolation situation
so maybe that's a possibility how about
you have to report every day could be
also on the same app I was talking about
weather today you have your sense of
smell and taste because apparently the
Google searches for losing my sense of
smell go through the roof
in places where their hot spots because
that seems to be a risk you lose your
sense of taste and smell and maybe take
your temperature every day so maybe your
requirement to go back to work is you
have to have a any one of the reliable
testing devices maybe it skewed into
your app so it feeds it in automatically
I don't know if that's necessary or
maybe you enter it but you have to enter
your actual temperature every day now
would anybody lie about that
you know maybe they've got a little
fever or they didn't didn't check it
today would they lie about it say no I
need to go to work so I'm not gonna say
I have a little fever they might but
remember this is not a hundred percent
safety situation this is reducing the
risk to maybe normal flu levels so here
is my second suggestion as we've watched
the performance of the task force do you
have confidence that the task force in
its current composition would be able to
come up with a checklist the way that I
just described it there would accurately
let you check off the boxes that applied
and then score yourself and say oh okay
looks like I can go back to work but
then maybe you have to print it out if
in case a police officer asked you you
might have to show it to him say yeah
here's here's my checklist you can see
I'm qualified to go back to work I don't
think the task force is qualified to do
this because what we've seen so far does
not suggest the level of competence that
would be required to do the the
calculation of when to go back to work
am I wrong about that as the task force
shown the minimum level of competence to
calculate what I said needs to be
complemented I don't think so I don't
anything close because remember they
were wrong on masks they still can't
tell us how much PPE we need and these
are pretty basic things so I would say I
would say that the task force you it's
unlikely that they'll ever have the
capability to do this as well as they
should be done so what do you do I think
the public has
do it now that means that lots of people
trying it and you know maybe somebody
does it well and that one wins but I
think the public is gonna have to come
up with a checklist maybe it's somebody
building a website that lets you do it
or an app the websites faster maybe it's
just somebody publishes an article that
says this is the way I would do it well
I don't think it would be a good idea in
fact it would be a terrible idea
to just assume that the task force will
come up with an idea as good as the one
I just described or better I don't think
you can count on that
because nothing they've done so far
suggests that level of competence
somebody says Mark Cuban and you should
run this well we both got a lot going on
but yeah Mark Cuban is really really
stepped up so you know I could not say
enough good things about his level of
patriotic leadership that he's showing
here so that's my that's my suggestion
is that we the public if you think you
could take a stab at this even if it
needed to be refined take a stab at it
because I think the government needs
your help and I'll even go further and
suggest what would you call this now
what is it you call it when you don't
comply with the government there's a
word for that some kind of protest but
we could easily get to the point where
the people decide to go back to work
before the government says yes we could
easily decide as a public that we're
just going to go back to work and
overwhelm the system so for example you
know if one person decides to go back to
work against the recommendations the
police go and they say you can't do that
and they stopped it but if everybody
went back to work it wouldn't be
possible to enforce it right or if some
large number went back to work it would
just be more than the system could
police and we might get to that point
but I would say that we should not get
to that point unless we the public
have come up with some kind of a general
consensus checklist that says look I'm
not going to wait for the government to
approve me I'm gonna do my own checklist
you know at least I did the work you
know I thought it through I calculated
the odds but here's my checklist
government it would have been good if
you gave me this but if you're not going
to give me the checklist I'm gonna give
it to you so I'm going back to work
sue me throw me in jail here's why I did
it good luck take that to a Jordy you
know arrest me
give me a jury trial and I'm gonna show
the jury what I did and why I went back
to work and why that risk was reasonable
based on these calculations and then I'm
going to tell the jury that the
government should have done that for me
but didn't put me in jail good civil
disobedience yes so the phrase is civil
disobedience
so I think that we should be prepared
for civil disobedience but civil
disobedience is key word civil right I'm
now talking about riots I'm talking
about intelligent civil disobedience
civil disobedience done right is really
filling in for what the government
should have already done for you I mean
that's why it's civil right it's civil
because the government really just
should have done it and you're you're
embarrassing them into it basically so I
think that we could reach a point where
if our government has not given us the
checklist of what it takes to go back to
work we should make our own and then go
back to work
civil disobedience now I'm not saying
when we should do that and we definitely
shouldn't do it until you know smart
people are really happy that we have a
checklist that makes sense now probably
the minimum you need to work wait for is
to have tests available so I wouldn't do
any civil disobedience while you don't
have the right tools but as soon as we
get those tools the ability to say test
at home rapidly you may be the ability
to test our genetics as well as soon as
we have those tools I don't think the
government can keep us home for
you know you feel me there might be a
point where we just have to overrule our
government on this but only
intelligently only intelligently because
then that it makes sense here are some
things if you want to further reduce
your confidence in your government and
the news I want to remind you again that
the things you heard from me before you
heard them from the regular news now I'm
not saying that I alone was the first or
even you know close to the first to
mention any of these topics so I'm not
saying I started these or I was first
I'm saying that you probably heard them
first from me and what does that tell
you about the you know the Internet and
its information base versus the
so-called legitimate news so here are
things you heard first from me I didn't
make any of these up I heard them from
other people but the hydrochloric wean
the masks you know that that might have
some potential we don't know yet you
heard for me that the convalescent blood
treatment might have a lot of potential
and now that's that's the it's a big
talk again these didn't come from me you
know that one came from E and all they
they all come from others some other
source I said that masks work where was
the first place you heard that maybe we
could retrofit the CPAP and there's a
thing called a BiPAP where did you hear
that maybe we could retrofit them and
turn them into ventilators well it's
happening who was the first person who
told you maybe you could split a
ventilator and have two people on it
probably me right now that's in the news
who's the first person who told you
there was probably a genetic component
you probably heard that somewhere else
but it's still not there's still not
much chatter about it I treated an
article about it so there is now some
reporting on that the East to things
seems to matter and who was the first to
tell you that you didn't know it yet but
there would be fast advances in blood
testing because that technology existed
it just hadn't worked its way into the
mainstream yet and you and now you've
seen it a bunch of companies just popped
up and suddenly they can they've got
little devices which is
what I told you would be tabletop
devices they could do advanced blood
tests really easily and this is because
after 9/11 the government labs built
that technology and then they licensed
it to startups so I knew I'd seen the
start of years a few years ago so I knew
that this technology was like right just
ready to be implemented and sure enough
you know within a few weeks they were
already building lots of machines that
could do this sort of stuff we're
starting to have the conversation about
whether economists or EPI
epidemiologists should make the decision
about going back to work it's exactly
the right question and it highlights the
talent stack problem which is if
somebody is just an economist do you
want them making the decision of when do
we go back to work or if somebody is
just a doctor no matter how qualified do
you want them to make the decision
because you really need somebody who's
can see the whole field right and that's
going to be tough so the problem is that
the the doctors are going to want to
reduce you know deaths to zero and
they're not really going to be focused
on the economics of it even though they
understand that bad economics could lead
to death - so it's the nature of the job
that they're probably going to focus on
near-term deaths whereas the economists
might say well people are going to die
no matter what so you know what's our
best overall situation so keep an eye on
that and make sure that people with the
right tell and snacks are making the
suggestions all right
today's death rate is lower than
yesterday's or are you saying that
yesterday's was lower than the day
before which we know to be true so I
still don't know about today's and it's
too early to know about today right it's
the day just started testing is our way
out yes of course this so testing is our
way out so tell me how long will it be
before you can test yourself at home no
idea right
you have no idea that's the failure of
the task force if the task force can't
give you even a range of when you might
be able to test yourself at home even if
you don't have symptoms to find out if
you have that antibodies if they can't
even give you a range that's not
competent so I'll say it as many times
as I need to the task force is not
achieving the minimum level of
competence because if they did they'd
have estimates for things even if
they're wrong even if they have to
change them even if they have to update
them every at every 10 minutes
no estimates no competence it's as
simple as that so you know if you had to
guess will you have a way to test
yourself easily at home for antibodies
in a month
you have no idea two months you have no
idea
three months no idea that's completely
unacceptable completely because the task
force for example knows which companies
have committed to be able to make test
kits those companies surely have given
them estimates of how much they can
produce so if you know if you know who
is producing it and how much they can
produce and you know how many people are
going to need it tell us tell us that's
a minimum level of competences gosh
people we can make a million a week but
until we until we can make you know 20
million a week we're not going to be on
top of this whatever the number is so
tell us tell us you
in the unrelated story the FBI
apparently lied or did not follow the
rules on every single FISA application
I'm not even following that story
because you know all of our attention
has been diverted but just think of it
the fact that the World Health
Organization lied about everything
our experts lied about mass they lied
about supplies of things they look the
other than the their early numbers don't
seem to match what we're already
experiencing from the models so all the
credibility of you know those types of
experts right out the window at the same
time our FBI who we used to think was
credible we find out has been massively
you know what would you call I don't
know if it's illegal or it's just bad
behavior so I'll tell ya I've never had
less trust for the professional class at
the same time we don't really have a
choice so I will trust my doctor most of
the time and I will go to a hospital if
I need it so I'm still going to use the
experts and if they can produce numbers
I'm probably still gonna act based on
those even if they're wrong and they
need to update them all right in perfect
I must have estimates we don't all need
tests well we probably don't all need
tests but we probably do need to do
enough tests and wouldn't you like to
know if you have the antibodies so
people like me who experience some kind
of really bad illness in January that I
didn't have a name for I'd like to know
I'd like to know if I already have it
because I'd be leaving the house a lot
more if I had so yeah I want to test to
know if I have antibodies every
prediction they make the fills by one
hour still be used as an attack yeah
that's that's too bad they should do it
anyway
Radio Free Tom is hard to see at 200
what that means we need incentives
incentives for what somebody says I
don't think they're lying they just
don't know about the availability of
equipment it's it's a little both but
not knowing the exact number should not
stop you from estimating you still can
do it all right that's all I got for now
and I'll talk to you tonight 10:00 p.m.
Eastern 7:00 p.m. Pacific have a good
day