[Music]
[Music]
B
[Music]
[Music]
d
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and you've never had a
better day and let me tell you the Omens
are all lining up for an amazing amazing
day probably the best you've ever
seen now let's see there I
am no
huh I still don't see the feed all right
it would be live that's where it would
be there I
am we're
live well if you'd like to take your
experience up to levels that nobody can
understand with their tiny human smooth
brains all you need for that is a cup or
marker glass or tanker Chell Stein the
Cen suar flas us a but kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
of the immediately of the day thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it's going to
happen
now ah powering up you know what I feel
like I feel so
good I feel like an
outlaw yeah that's how good I
feel how am I feeling
felonius yeah
felonius it's a great
feeling all right let's talk about the
news today's Dilbert reborn shows you in
the first panel I posted it on X um you
can see that I designed it with AI so
the first panel of the dilber comic I
used AI to tell me some interesting
camera angles or perspectives
uh for a guy on his computer when a dog
walks into the room now ai can't produce
my characters because it'll complain
about copyright and stuff but it can
give me a generic guy and a generic dog
and then when I have the angle of all
the furniture I just replace them with
my
characters so you can you can see how
that worked out you gave a a new angle
that i' had never used
before so that's my first I think my
first re life world repeatable I'll
definitely use it again AI assist to
writing my daily comic so it's sort of a
a
milestone well apparently there's a
Tesla deal being worked out to give Elon
Musk his money that they gave him and
then took away from him the courts took
away and uh the only portion that he
would be able to use for 5 years is to
pay the taxes that he would owe if he
were to get it right away so so
apparently you can't just take the money
and run some people were worried about
that uh he'd have to stay there for five
years to get his money so should make
the stockholders a little bit happy if
he has to stay there and work for
another five
years so we'll see we hope he gets his
money um there's a gigantic Wall Street
Journal says there a huge cost saving
technology for making solar panels now
you've heard this story a billion times
but this one sounds pretty promising I
didn't realize that China can make solar
panels at roughly half the price of an
American
manufacturer uh but with this new
technology it should close that Gap a
lot and apparently it's not just
theoretical it looks like it's you know
ready to put into the system yeah I
won't get into the technical details but
it's a you know it reduces the amount of
silver they need makes something thinner
than before and um would reduce the cost
substantially and I ask you again which
one of the climate models takes into
account um technical innovations that
totally change the curve none because
you can't put in a climate model the
thing that hasn't been invented yet and
yet we know there'll be tons of things
invented between now and you know when
they imagine the Bur the Earth is going
to burn up so if you don't put human
invention in your 100-year
model is that
credible think about how different the
world is in any 20year period you know
it's the difference between Ai and no AI
computers and no computers smartphones
and no
smartphones 20 years is a long time so
these climate models are absurd in
leaving out probably the biggest
variable
I mean you think if you're looking at
climate change the biggest variable is
the CO2 or the Sun or the
ocean but probably the biggest variable
is human Innovation it's not even in the
model right tell me if I'm wrong but I'm
pretty sure that the models assume that
we don't innovate for the rest of
humankind we just sort of
die all right uh so that's happening
uh here's the scariest coolest thing
there's a Swiss startup that has made a
computer and of brain
organoids now I don't know what an
organoid is but I'm going to guess it's
something like an artificial brain that
they built in a Petri dish or a tube or
something so I don't think it came from
a human I
hope you know maybe the cells did or
something uh but they now have in the
real world apparently you can connect to
this thing if you're if you're paying
them uh and it consumes a million times
less power than regular digital
processors and it's
fast let me say that
again there will be a data center a data
center this is already Real by the way
this is not speculative this is
today
functioning there's uh human brain parts
that they've somehow connected to a
digital interface and they use the human
brain part to do the calculating at 1
million times less power than regular
stuff do you think there's any way that
if it works and it can be reproduced
that it does work as so it's already up
and running so if it could be
reproduced as scale who in the world is
going to pay for regular computing when
you can have a computer to get a million
times less
power we are
building a human brain SL
cyborg the Borg I don't
know it it's super cool but also super
whoo because you don't know what could
go wrong wait a minute how many ways
could it go wrong if we start building
human brain organoid computers I don't
know I I guess a raises questions I'm
not afraid of it per se but raises a lot
of questions well NASA had to once again
delay it's uh an astronaut crude flight
of what would be the Boeing starliners I
think First Flight with
astronauts and I didn't see the reason
that the flight was scrubbed but I have
a
theory it's a bowing
Starliner and I think the problem is you
know how jur
sometimes are
sequestered yeah if the jury is going to
go home sometimes the judge will say oh
you can't go home you have to stay you
know away from any influence because you
don't want them reading the news they
might act differently the jurors if they
read the news you want them to stick to
just the trial
data and I'm starting to think that the
uh the astronauts for the boing
Starliner maybe they should have been
sequestered for the last month to maybe
not see any news about Boeing's quality
control
lately um so I worry that the reason
it's delayed is that the astronauts were
watching the news and said um I think
I've got a cold or something I I'm not
sure I can go oh oh my arm so
something's going wrong here I I'll
never be able to control it maybe you
better use the backup I don't know I'm
just
joking all right did you know that
China's labor costs are about double
that of Philippines Malaysia India
Thailand and
Vietnam I'll tell you you think that the
United States has trouble you think we
have problems we
do but how would you like to be China
and your entire situation depends on
manufacturing because it's the backbone
of the economy and your twice as
expensive as the
Alternatives and everybody has a
gigantic incentive to get their business
out of
there what are they going to
do now besides the fact that you know
these countries have half the cost and
they presumably they're building up some
infrastructure so they can be serious
competitors to China but I also haven't
heard about
Mexico I don't know what the cost of
Labor is in Mexico compared to China and
I also don't know what's going to happen
with
robots because if we're making these
much um much cheaper solar panels and
then we get rid of the labor by putting
robots in the factories so so you use a
manufacturing process that drops the
price by I don't know half and then you
put in robots that take another 25% off
the price or something like that
um I tell you that if there's a way to
invest in
solar um I'm not recommending you invest
in it because I don't make I don't make
recommendations for Investments but it
does seem like maybe there's something
that's going to happen here that could
be gigantic you don't really think of
robots influencing energy except to use
it you know they use a lot of energy but
they're going to be building the solar
panels and the solar plants and the
solar everything and probably the uh
nuclear power plants too soon all right
so there's a story that we don't know
what the real story is but Alex Jones is
going through something that looks bad
now he's saying that the feds came to
his door and they were trying to lock
him out and take all of his stuff and
close him down but he was also acting
let's say I'm could to say
emotional if if it were somebody I
didn't like I would use other words
but since I I like him you know he was
nice to me he's had me on the show and
when somebody's nice to me in person I
can't really just go in public and then
trash him like it just I'm just not
built that way so because I've met him
in person and he was very generous to me
um I'll I'll say that he's having an
emotional reaction that we don't quite
understand some people say it's mental
health some people say it's substance
some people say it's both some people
say get an up some people say um and I
think his staff has backed him up by the
way his staff is on the same P page so
it's not just him what whatever is going
on his staff seems to have witnessed as
well so I don't know who these feds were
or what exactly they were trying to do
except that it's in the context of
everybody who is pro Trump getting a hit
so I don't know what's going on but keep
an eye on it um he may need some help in
any variety of ways we we don't know
what the problem is but he's clearly in
a crisis
situation and so if you you know have
any interest
in in either his operation or him as a
human being um have a little bit of
empathy and uh keep an eye on that maybe
there's way you can help one way or
another all
right uh Mexico here here's a story that
snuck up on
me uh imagine finding this out today
this is kind of
mindblowing the next president of Mexico
is likely to do to be a Jewish
woman is this the first time you hearing
that I I heard it today so apparently
they're having an
election the sitting president can't run
again they have one-term presidents six
years and the the mentor some somebody
who's worked closely with the current
president so he's recommending her and
that's the reason she's getting her her
push Claudia shine bomb a Jewish woman
with a PhD in Energy
Engineering that that's about as perfect
as you can get isn't
that how would you like to be the
president of Mexico you're coming in
with a PhD in Energy
Engineering but it gets better she's
bilingual she used to live in the Bay
area she used to live in the Bay Area
she's
bilingual the current president of
Mexico is not bilingual do you think
that makes a
difference hell
yes hell yes language is the big
uniter right if you can talk to somebody
in the same language it's a whole
different experience right you that's
how you Bond you don't really bond with
Putin if he can't speak your language
or she uh but wouldn't it be nice to
have somebody we could work with in the
same language who's PhD in Energy
Engineering now we we all assume that
the cartels have undue influence on the
governments so there's that but are you
also surprised that Mexico would be even
considering apparently she's way ahead
in the polls it looks like it's a lock
um very popular
did you see a female president of Mexico
coming anytime
soon it's it's kind of interesting and
impressive and this is the Dei you
want you know what I mean th this is
diversity done
correctly as far as I can tell the only
reason she's being considered is that
she's overwhelmingly
qualified so how about that
H how about just being overwhelmingly
qualified and then getting the top job
okay I'm good with that so at least on
paper she looks like exactly the person
that America would want that job as well
as the Mexicans so maybe something Goods
coming out that and there there is talk
that Mexico's um going to have an
economic boom like you've never seen
before because remember the
manufacturing is moving toward it that's
a good sign and they've got some major
infrastructure things like maybe a
railroad and some other stuff that will
connect the resorts and turn it into
more of a a well-engineered
destination so all that's happening if
the cartels don't derail things um
there's something good that could happen
now I've said this before but here's
what I think is the only hope for living
with Mexico
I'm seeing somebody mocking me for quote
believing in
solar let's pretend that you know what
you're talking about now did you think I
was unaware that there's a waste problem
of course there is of course there is am
I unaware that people are not good at
calculating you know the relative cost
and benefits in the future of different
technological options
I used to do that work I know it can't
be done it used to be my job to
calculate expenses in the future you
can't really do that it was my job but I
couldn't do it and nobody can do it so
do I think that do I know what the
economics of solar power will be next
year no I don't you know what but do you
know what I do
know that the person who is mocking me
you don't
know no you're an idiot who thinks you
know the expenses of Technologies you've
never been involved with because you
read a article
somewhere right I'm smart enough to know
that I don't know what will be the
competing cost structures 20 years from
now which is what you have to think
about right it's not what it is today
it's if you start a project what does
your nuclear power plant cost in 10
years when you're done with it you know
what is your solar plant and your
gigafactory or your your Giga storage
thing what is it cost in 10 or 20 years
nobody knows
that if if you think you know it dear
troll commenter well you're the smartest
person in the world according to you
because you know what can't be no known
good for you did you know about this
story about the technology that would
lower the cost of solar did you read
that this morning before I
did all right enough about you
uh Tucker Carlson's uh being uh really
outspoken uh on his video recently said
uh nothing is ever about our safety and
that all the big political stuff is you
know clearly about the interests of the
people in power he said this country in
the world only changes when we eliminate
the
CIA it'll take someone willing to be
assassinated he gives examples he said
you open the southern border to anyone
who wants to come in you're not checking
IDs you're not doing any kind of
Biometrics you're not even screening for
Co so clearly you don't care about my
safety check check check correct yes
there is no evidence that the people in
power of our country are interested in
the wellbeing of the citizens there is
plenty of evidence the open border that
they're operating against against our
interests in reason for reasons we don't
quite
understand I don't understand it we'll
talk about more of that later but uh
he's saying directly that the CIA has to
be cancelled completely I saw ex CIA uh
operative agent whatever you want to
call them uh also on Tucker show saying
that when Trump was the president he
didn't use the CIA as much as he used
private intelligence people to tell them
what was going on why would he do that
why would you pay somebody to do the job
of the CIA when the CIA is already being
paid and therefore it's
free you know on a incremental basis why
would you do that I can only think of
one reason that the president of the
United States did not think that the CIA
was on the same side as he was in other
words Trump the person who knew the most
about the CIA while in office had the
most access didn't believe that he could
trust them with the security of the
United
States you have to eliminate them under
that
situation if a sitting president doesn't
think they're even on the same
side not even on the same
side you that's you can't live with that
so if you can buy these services on the
open market and you don't trust the ones
in the
government there is an argument for
eliminating the CIA and it's strong you
know you'd have to hear the other side
and I'm not sure they can tell the other
side because it'd be full of secrets but
is there a surfacy argument that says
getting rid of the CIA the most that's a
pretty radical thing to do is there an
argument for it yeah there is you know
there was a time when the CIA was you
know overthrowing governments and doing
all kinds of things to uh help America
control the world and you could have at
that time said I don't like America
doing all these other things in other
countries uh so I don't like the
CIA but there would have been a good
argument to keep them because the let me
let me make the Mak valian power
argument
here wouldn't it be nice if the United
States left all the other countries
alone and left them to pursue their best
interest for their people until they
become thriving democracies and allies
of us in the future once they' have used
their own free will and their own
resources to become an independent
country that could be like a strong Ally
for us no not in the real world in the
real world if we didn't take them over
somebody else would have right China
would have taken them because whoever
has money can control any small entity
whether it's a
country uh a
politician uh or another country yeah
any other country so it doesn't take
much money to overthrow a country you
just bribe the right people and there
you go yeah you maybe you could bribe 50
people to overthrow any
country and they're probably all
bribable so you know the the levers are
there for over for controlling other
countries but here's my argument the
mellan argument for the
CIA they might be complete bastards who
are doing terrible things to other
countries every day but if they didn't
what would happen somebody else would
and then we would be surrounded by
countries that let's say China had a lot
of control over that's no good
so the thing is that the the worst let's
or best let me say the best criminal
wins we don't live in a world where
there's good versus evil there's just
evil versus evil at the government level
humans tend to be closer to good you
know if you leave them alone they're
more likely to be good to each other
because we're sort of tribal we grew up
that way but countries are evil as soon
as you have a country it's probably
corrupt no matter who it is uh so
maybe the strongest criminal
organization is the one you want to be
with the strongest criminal organization
at the moment America appears to be the
strongest criminal
organization which might be your safest
situation in a historical sense
historically you just wanted to be in
the strongest country and it didn't
matter why they were the strongest right
don't you think you were safer being a
Roman citizen when Rome was at its
peak without supporting that Rome were
good guys they weren't good guys but it
was probably the safest place to live in
those times you know to be a Roman
citizen so we're sort of the Roman
citizens it feels like to me so yes
there's an argument that the CIA works
against our interests but I'd like to
hear the
counterargument I just don't know
anybody can make it because you'd have
to say what I said yeah we're kind of
criminals we do terrible things every
single day
you wouldn't even want to know what
we're doing in your name but it keeps
you safer because we're the best
criminals that might be the argument and
I could be convinced by that I hate it
but it's a world in which sometimes your
best choice is also
terrible don't
know all right well but uh the keep in
mind that Tucker's father was in the CIA
I
believe and and he often thinks
that um I mean he has a good he has a
good window into that world so I take
his opinion
seriously oh
trolls uh being really extra stupid in
public is not hurting
me it's just amusing
me yeah it's just amusing me so thanks
say say some more really dumb things
about the future of technology to
entertain the rest of the commenters
they would like to see your stupidity in
full
flower so say some more irrational
things
please all right let's talk about the
hooc crcy as you know the Biden uh
campaign is built entirely on hoaxes
from the fine people hoax to the Trump
tear Gast peaceful protesters hoax and
lot more drinking bleach it's one hoax
after
another and the Biden Harris
headquarters uh X um the X account um
said four years ago today Trump tiar
guest peaceful protesters outside the
White House well it took about a minute
before Joel Pollock fact checked them
hard and nope that was all debunked by
sources that Democrats trust as well as
as Republicans
so why is it that the campaign
can be so blatant about something that's
been fact jacked and very clearly didn't
happen I mean absolutely did not happen
and it's well known their their Their
audience is so
underinformative
course they know it's a lie
but they know it works so they're going
to say it anyway I'm not so
sure I'm not so sure I I think that the
Biden Harris campaign is so Dei
crippled that the level of incompetence
there you can't really assume that it's
normal it's probably
extraordinary and if you're new to my
commentary let me quickly add we're not
talking about anybody's genes or culture
that's not in the conversation about Dei
Dei is a system it's not a
person it's not a person it's a system
and the
system moves people around like little
chess players and there aren't enough
chess players for what they need to do
so they meet their diversity targets
whether they have qualified candidates
or not because humans always meet the
targets that they're measured on and
their performances judged upon and that
big thing they're judged on so if you
assume that Dei as a system is
guaranteed to fail because the pipeline
of qualified people would be smaller
than the demand forcing them to take
lesser and lesser qualified people just
to meet their diversity
goals and if you assume that Democrats
don't have an option they have to be
diverse it's their brand so they're
forced to be diverse but they're
demonstrating to the rest of the world
through what I would consider the most
incompetent administration of all time
and the most incompetent campaign and
the most incompetent
spokesperson and all of those things are
permeated with Dei
hires which if they were qualified to do
their jobs you would see a better job
yeah I'm not talking about one thing
that I'm criticizing that did there
there's a pervasive incompetence in the
current government like we've never
really seen before and the campaign is
so obviously incompetent and they're so
obviously backing the wrong guy that um
this is sort of a the Biden campaign is
basically your Canary in the coal mine
for every
corporation right they just got to
diversity faster because they're so
public they really had to companies are
also trying to go as fast as they can
but you can see what happens when you
get to uh
Dei diversity goals when you have a a
limited pipeline of qualified people
again because of systemic racism at the
school level just not producing enough
diverse
candidates
so uh yeah the hoax campaign and the Dei
uh
incompetence uh should bring down the
whole house in a few months
I I'm expecting a complete um demolition
of the Biden
campaign I think we're close to the
point where the whole thing's just going
to come off the rails in a way we've
never seen
before maybe a whistleblower we'll see I
I was watching a body language expert
look at the two faces of Biden because
that's sort of becoming a
thing and the one the one face is his uh
Angry troll face that looks like a cat's
 all puckered up you know You'
know look oh his face is all squeezed
like all all of his face meets in his
nose you one little puckered place and
then you see his wide-eyed open vessel
so he's got the demon look where he
looks demon-possessed and then in the
same talk sometimes he'll have the empty
vessel where his wde eyes are wide open
and his mouth is forming that Hillary
Clinton looking at balloons drop
and you say to yourself how in the world
is that the same person and we still
don't
know I love the fact that he's clearly
two different people I mean I think it's
the same organic person but there's
something that causes him to be a
different personality so much so he
doesn't even look the same not even a
little bit I mean you can generally
recognize as Biden but it's you would
think it's is a different person if they
stood next to each other so here are the
possibilities one is
drugs one is mental
illness one is some kind of a deep fake
thing but I don't think
so and one is maybe there's something
about
editing for example you've seen all the
quick edits they've done on his videos
could it be that they have to take so
much time off between edits that he let
takes a nap and just recovers and he
wakes up and his eyes are open and he
he's the morning version could it be
that we're seeing Morning Joe hey
Morning Joe get it could it be that when
we see Morning Joe he's a little bit uh
more
lucid and that when we see uh you know
evening Joe that he's declined into his
dementia yelling puckered face something
like that whatever is going on is really
bad it's not
good whatever it
is all right um I can't wait for the
first interview with the imaginary
Republican who's not going to vote for
Trump because the law fair got
him have any of you met that person yet
I mean I'm I'm being
told often and reliably by all the polls
that people have decided that since
Trump got convicted by a unfair trial
that therefore they're not going to vote
for
him so we're all waiting to see the
person right you know where I think that
person
is I don't know but I think the
imaginary Republican who's not going to
vote for Trump because of lawfare could
be hanging out and partying with the
black American voter who didn't know how
to get an
ID I think they're together cuz we can't
find either one of them and I think
maybe they're helping each other hide so
somewhere maybe in cabins possibly
possibly in the mountains uh where the
mega supremacists are are gathering
their imaginary armies so it could be
that the imaginary Mega supremacist army
armies that are in the hills are
creating a sanctuary for the imaginary
Republicans who say they won't vote for
Trump but maybe also I'd like to say
that they're diverse and that they've
included the black Americans who don't
who who want to vote and know enough
about the world that they think voting
makes sense yet can't figure out how to
get an
ID yeah we know they exist we were told
they exist we've never talked to one
we've never seen one but the Democrats
are quite sure the imaginary Army in the
hill and the imaginary Republicans who
don't like Trump now and the imaginary
guy who can't get an ID they're all
real and what about the uh imaginary
events that they're running
on every part of the Democrat platform
is
imaginary all the hoaxes are
imaginary all the data that they give us
about their current performance
completely
imaginary they say they're controlling
the Border everything's fine that's
imaginary what about a money that
they're spending
is Biden spending real
money not anymore when you have $35
trillion in debt whatever it is that
you're
spending is
imaginary because who whoever lent it to
you they ain't getting it
back so we've got an imaginary
economy imaginary
data we've got real problems that they
imagine or
not they've got an imaginary Trump who's
in in their imagination tried to take
over on January 6 and they imagined that
he would do it again even though he
never did it they think he'll do again
the thing he never did
once so we have imaginary policies
imaginary people imaginary Trump in the
future imaginary
data do Republicans do
that could could you reverse the
argument and say oh Scott I see your
point but look at all the imaginary
things that the uh Republicans
believe now maybe you would go after
religion if you were not religious you'd
say oh they believe in imaginary stuff
but is it imaginary to think that your
9-month-old
fetus is sort of
alive is that
imaginary that doesn't seem imaginary
you could you could differ on you know
what you think about it or what the law
should be but it's not
imaginary right the debt is not
imaginary the lawfare is not imaginary
even CNN's analysts are saying it's
real so the the here's what I think has
happened I think the Democrats uh sort
of tiptoed into the imaginary world and
it
worked because they can control the the
press for at least their base they can
tell them literally anything and once
they realize that you can tell them
anything and the actual reality won't
make any difference because they also
control the fact Checkers they realize
that going fully imaginary is a better
strategy and I agree by the way it's a
better strategy because they don't have
anything of
substance Trump has
substance he can say you see all that
crime uh I'm going to do the normal
things that people normally do to get
less of it is that imaginary I don't
think so seems pretty real he says he's
going to negotiate with Putin and
zalinski to end the war now it might be
hard but is it
imaginary it's not
imaginary and the entire reason we're in
Ukraine do you think the government told
you the real reason that we're in
Ukraine no they gave you an imaginary
reason the imaginary reason is that
Putin's going to roll up Russia or that
Putin's going to roll up Europe if if he
gets Ukraine you know with no regard to
the fact that some of us know the
history of Ukraine and that as Mike Ben
can explain better that the whole thing
looks like an energy play between two
criminal organizations one United States
and the other Russia and uh basically
it's like we're stealing their their
drug stash so we can sell it ourselves
their energy that's a better way to look
at it so I can't think of anything the
Democrats are doing that isn't imaginary
because once you realize that your
imaginary case will always be stronger
than the real world one why would you
ever use the real world it's unnecessary
they've actually found a way to depart
from all
reality without paying for it it's free
because as long as their press keeps
backing them their own people will never
go read
Breitbart you know the Democrats will
never you know go over to Fox News just
to see what the other people say
although surprisingly Fox News does have
a lot of democrat viewers but I feel
like they might be
conservatives all right let's go on to
some more uh this is going to get better
as I go by the way I I've uh organized
my materials so that I'm going to reach
a crescendo so don't leave before the
crescendo that'd be crazy all right uh
so disgraced da Elvin brag I like I like
just using disgraced in front of
everything all right
um so there there seems to be a whole
bunch of trolls on
YouTube uh all the behavior of social
media look suspicious
now you that like I don't believe that
the trolls are organic anymore at least
not during the election season they're
they're really active and they're
yelling well they're yelling imaginary
things so the trolls are literally
saying imaginary things about me to try
to you know embarrass me on my own live
stream let's see who would do that
imaginary things what group of
people really really really love
imaginary
stuff it's probably exactly what you
think it is all right um so here's
something I didn't know about Alvin
Bragg he went to
Harvard are you telling me that all the
times that people have been ripping on
Alvin Bragg nobody thought to mock him
for having a degree from
Harvard come on people improve your game
it's not for it's not for me to help you
avoid these mistakes no it's funny it's
funny you went to Harvard now to be
fair um not
recently so maybe he went to Harvard
back when uh it made a difference what
your credentials
were if he had just graduated from
Harvard I would be saying you know Dei
hire because you know Harvard's become
ridiculous about their standards but
maybe when he was there it was closer to
you know he belonged there so I don't
know I'm not going to say he didn't
belong in Harvard because there was a
time when Harvard was at least a little
bit
credible uh but according to my uh
digital um creature from Amazon whose
name I don't want to say out loud
because I'll trigger it he has a net
worth of $41
million but I didn't see that explained
do you think it's true so first of all I
don't know it's true it's just coming
from you know the digital assistant so
somebody could have put wrong
information on there but is he
independently
wealthy and how so I guess I would ask
for a fact check on that I do not assert
that to be true just to be clear I do
not assert that it's
true but it's on at least one source of
information so I'm curious about
that did you know that Michigan uh they
were looking at a law to make it harder
to cheat but the Democrats had the
advantage and they passed laws to make
it easier to
cheat right it's
2024 and in Michigan the state the
Democrats unanimously passed legislation
that would make it easier to cheat not
harder can you think of a reason why
they do
that do you think they're planning on an
imaginary
election where you imagine that you knew
the results but really you
don't well that's what I'd worry about
uh that was from the Gateway pundit
they're
reporting uh also Gateway P pundit is
saying that there's some poll of Arab
American voters and Biden is way off in
his
popularity um
he had a 60% Arab American vote in 2020
but he's down to about 20% support now I
don't think the Arab
American Community is big enough that
it's going to move the
election but wow I think it's one more
sign of complete
collapse uh I don't think we realize how
close the Democrat Party is to Total
collapse because until it happens it
doesn't look like it's going to happen
you know thing nothing happens until
something happens so I feel like you
know the major tent pole holding up the
Democrats is really creaky right now and
if that one cracks uh the rest go do you
know what the tent pole is that holds up
the entire Democrat
Party it's the fine people
hoax if the fine people hoax can be
debunked so that Democrats can see it in
a way that's you know credible
um that takes everything away and the
fact that the Republicans don't go after
that you know lot basically just people
like me pundits do I never really
understood that anyway uh Tim P abruptly
cut the his own live
stream uh because he had Laura lumer as
a guest and Laura lomer was talking
about you know getting getting back at
Democrats and that there was enough
crime there that if you know Trump got
back in office there would be a number
of people who should be dealt with with
the legal process however I think her
rhetoric
um reached a point where Tim P's entire
show was probably at risk if he didn't
pull it down
himself so I'm going to give Tim p a
big a big
compliment nicely done
nicely done so I'll tell you in softer
words what Laura ler said so that I also
don't get cancelled all right so Laura
lumer said that the the level of the uh
criminal
Behavior Uh consistent with the the laws
on the books for
treason uh might go to the level of the
death
penalty now here's the problem if you
were to say hey people might be guilty
of certain crimes here's why we think
they are uh the penalty for that could
be the death penalty it should be on the
table that's okay because you're just
talking about the law here's what I
think is too far and let's see if you
would have spotted it because Tim P did
so he's good at this
right um if you say let's get a list of
names of people and then before you've
tried them you say we want to kill these
people then you sort of become Alvin
Bragg
yourself you hear what I'm saying you
don't want to start with the person and
then talk about the death penalty unless
you've really had a lot of conversations
and in a court case that's you know
credible about those charges but it's
real dangerous to go full fonny Willis
and or who was it Leticia James and say
you're you know you're running for
office to get
Trump that's too far somehow she's not
paying for that but it's way too far so
Tim P I think very
smartly and very um
decisively said oh shoot she just gave
YouTube a predicate to cancel my whole
Channel and I'm not going to die on this
hill it wasn't even my opinion this was
a guest's opinion so nice move
nice move Tim P because the information
still gets out you know the social media
picks it up but he reduces his risk on
YouTube and he lives to fight
again totally respect for that nicely
played good good uh
decision-making um and uh I don't think
you could have played that better and
you know I don't mind that Laura lommer
has her opinion so it's not about her
opinion I think that part was fine it's
just you don't want to give YouTube you
know this fresh bash of of red meat to
cancel you because you know they want to
you know they want to cancel Tim pool so
well
played um Jonathan Turley still you know
National Treasure talking about any of
the legal elements of politics so he
talks about the fact that uh you know
the the whole situation where the
government or the Republicans we trying
to get a hold of the
audio that they only have the transcript
of of Biden doing his testimony to her
it's you are
and of course the Democrats say Hey you
have the transcript that's good enough
and then the Republicans say yeah but we
don't trust the transcript we think you
might have edited it and it might be way
worse than the transcript shows and we
have a right to know because if Biden is
not
capable um it's got to be 25th amendment
situation so they definitely have a
right to know I I completely support
their attempt to get that but listen to
according to turle uh the justice
department is making a new claim for why
they can't release the audio of
something they've already released the
transcript to can you think of any
reason why you wouldn't release the
audio when they've willing and already
and publicly and everybody's seeing it
the
transcript what reason could there be
other than it sounds really terrible
like really bad it must be
awful just guessing but listen to one of
the arguments that they just profer uh
they say uh that the audio tape must be
withheld this is from Jonathan Turley uh
due to the risk that it could be altered
by artificial intelligence and passed
off as an authentic in a deep fake
release
quote the passage of time and
advancements in audio artificial
intelligence and deep fake Technologies
only amplify concerns about malicious
manipulation of audio
files wouldn't that apply to everything
that anybody
has on
audio I I feel like that is such a a
stretch such a
stretch that it's almost just
laughable but I'm going to surprise you
it's not a terrible
argument like it it strikes you as
immediately absurd I me that's how it
struck me but let me let me support it
as best I
can it's somewhat rare that you would
have a situation where there's an audio
only because that's easier to De fake if
if it had been something he' said in
public it'd be easy to debunk it because
you'd say okay here's the real one he
said this in public now you can see how
the Deep fake changed it but since the
only public thing we'd have is an audio
that nobody listens to if somebody were
to take a clip out of it and you know do
a the 10-second clip where it sounds
like he said the NW or something
ridiculous then I think people would
believe it I do cuz if the headline
story said the audio tape is out and
then you saw a clip and then you played
it and you heard what you thought was
Biden's voice and he sounded really
dementia ridden and crazy and you know
saying racist stuff and
whatever you might believe it and we're
close enough to the election where a
fake audio tape could
actually change things remember the
audio tape of trump saying grab them by
the people thought that was going
to change the election it turns out it
didn't but is it a realistic risk that
when you're this close to an election
and it's the president who's running for
reelection and it's Audio
Only it is actually an unusually big
risk wouldn't you
agree because I think somebody would
alter it immediately that it's not even
a risk it would happen it it would
happen I I think you could say with
complete confidence that there would be
at least a parody version which people
would think was real at the very least
it would be a parody
version where he where he's just saying
crazy stuff so I don't think this should
be upheld because if you generalize this
it would be devastating to the normal
operation of the world but it's not
crazy it's not crazy that it opens the
door to a a bad thing happening but let
me let me suggest this and I think the
people asking for it will say the same
thing we already have the transcript and
we already have a zillion hours of Biden
talking on audio and other
places AI doesn't need the specific
audio from the event all you have to do
is run the transcript through it on a
voice that's trained as Biden and then
if that works you go back in and you
edit the transcript and feed back into
AI again so instead of saying the real
transcript in Biden's voice it adds H
and you know nword or some crazy thing
so I feel as if maybe the lawyers make
making this ask don't understand how AI
Works did they not understand that
whether we have the transcript or not or
whether we have the audio or not it
actually doesn't have any effect on
whether somebody would make a deep fake
yeah the the the def fect that they're
worried about could be made tomorrow
based on what's already publicly
available with no research whatsoever
you know just Google transcript and yeah
actually you don't even have to have the
transcript because if you're going to do
a fake one you can make up the
transcript nobody's going to check see
the the trouble with Fakes is that they
do their damage before they're debunked
and the debunk never gets the attention
of the original
so there's nothing that you couldn't do
right now to fake
that
um okay so Trump went to the UFC
yesterday got a standing ovation it was
crazy do you know what that standing
ovation at the UFC sounded like to me
well if he just heard it on the surface
it sounded like Yay Trump yay but here's
what I heard
we'll take the
outlaw did you see the
crowd almost all men well I mean
dominant male audience the men there
were very clearly by their reaction
saying Outlaw you just made him
better there's almost nothing you could
have done to
Trump that would have been as good for
his brand than becoming an outlaw to the
to the Crooked
government honestly I love
it my honest opinion without the spin
you know it's the spin season so even I
as much as I try to avoid spinning you
know everybody's going to do it this
this season but honestly you like in my
body and my real mind no
spin I just love that he's an outlaw
because the way he got there you know if
he'd robbed the bank I'd say no but the
way he got there oh
yeah yeah I want the outlaw absolutely
positively no qualms about it give me
the outlaw and that's what the UFC
audience basically said in their own
way but it gets better after UFC fighter
Kevin Holland won he uh jumped over the
ring and went right to president Trump
former president Trump and shook his
hands and said some private words to him
in support obviously Trump you know
slapped him on the shoulders and
obviously they're now friends uh you
should know that UFC fighter Kevin
Holland is black does it matter yes yep
because it's public and people are very
affected by social uh forces so if you
see a a uh black
Superstar um going right to president
Trump and congratulating
him that's powerful yeah a lot of Clips
on it likewise uh UFC fighter Sean
Strickland um said on the microphone to
the crowd president Trump you're the man
it is a damn travesty what they're doing
to you I'll be donating to you I'll be
donating to you is the key phrase
um by the way I don't know if you have
the current data but in the 48 hours
after the uh felony conviction
verdict um Trump had already earned $1.6
million per
felony per felony yeah and if you do the
math you know people say he's not really
a good business person but by my
calculations he invested
$130,000 and he got a return of 53
million that's some good investing you
know he doesn't get credit for that so
yeah it's a 1.6 million per felony uh
his his per indictment numbers are not
as good but but I think they'll be
improving as well so um I think we
should be measuring Trump's uh his uh
donation Gathering by felonies so if he
could get I feel like he's only maybe 12
to 17 felonies away from having all the
money he needs for the rest of the
campaign so I think we're like three or
four felonies away from being really
rich with
cash so there's
that um Trump also at the UFC announced
that he's uh getting on Tik Tock now you
might know that I think that Tik Tock
needs to be cancelled or D divested into
the US um
but as long as it's
there I I guess I gotta agree with vake
and with Trump if it's
there and it matters and it's a big way
to reach
voters sure why
not all
right David saaks and others are
pointing out the lawfare double standard
here that H Hillary Clinton did similar
things without penalty so here's how
David saaks explains it
uh he calls it the business records
double standard in 2016 Hillary
Clinton's campaign was fined
$8,000 that was it a fine of $8,000 for
the following for violating Federal
campaign Finance laws huh why her team
falsely reported the funding of the
steel dossier as legal services and
legal and compliance
Consulting well what does that sound
like huh this sounds exactly like what
Trump did exactly
what else do we know um according to
Sachs actually this opposition research
was an attempt to smear her opponent
with false and cacious salacious
allegations obviously it was also
intended to influence the election huh
so she recorded it
as a lawyer expense but
really no matter what she was thinking
because as Megan Kelly explained on her
uh video the other day that it doesn't
matter what anybody was thinking when
they did the expense it only matters
that a reasonable person could look at
and say well there's more than one
reason you would do
that so
when when Trump did his uh his uh
payments um it didn't matter that he was
thinking it was mostly about the
election this is Megan Kelly's take uh
it had more to do with the fact that a
reasonable person would say well there's
more than one reason you would want that
information not to get out you know
one's your family one's your business
reputation and the other is political so
if everybody agrees that there were
three reasons that should have been
reason enough that he can't be convicted
you need one
reason if there's three it's just sort
of automatically you're not you're not
guilty so uh Hillary obviously was
putting this into legal expenses to hide
her uh to hide her
contribution to the hoax of course
moreover says sax Hillary's campaign was
headquartered in New York state huh and
of Brooklyn New York which would make it
fall under the jurisdiction of New York
penal law 1751 the state law which makes
it a felony to falsify business records
with the intent to conceal the
commission of a
crime huh I feel like that steel dossier
thing was a crime
wasn't it it should have been I don't
know maybe it wasn't technically but
should have
been um and then the saxs asks what the
key distinction between Hillary's
campaign violation versus recent
news um and he concludes with Hillary's
violation there wasn't a Manhattan
prosecutor politically motivated to
bring an unprecedented case to trial now
as you know people who in the past may
have um leaned left in their politics
like Elon Musk and I'm not sure where
David sa saxs was but he's you know
clearly in the uh anti-biden train at
the moment so you see some people that
you wouldn't expect to be anti-biden who
are clearly anti-biden but uh let's look
at the rest of them because it's a
growing thing and I think the Dam's
about to burst
ABC news says this in a post like any
other American found guilty of a crime
Donald Trump is likely to face uh new
restrictions and lose a number of Rights
new due to his Newfound felon
status what about this choice of
words found guilty of a crime isn't that
an interesting phrase he was found
guilty why wouldn't you just say guilty
why wouldn't you just say now that he's
a
felon or now that the jury has concluded
he's a
felon why would you say that he was
found guilty instead of
guilty well let me put the hypnotist
filter on it as as a
hypnotist um I was trained that people's
choice of words reveals their
thoughts uh and all the time it's really
reliable
the choice of the words found guilty
instead of just guilty now I do
understand that found guilty is a common
phrase and it wouldn't be surprising to
see it used in other context but where
you have a choice and they obviously had
a choice of any words that wouldn't tell
the story why would you put found
guilty because found guilty has the odor
of we know he's not really guilty but it
is true that he was found guilty
it it suggests that the ABC News person
who wrote that post doesn't believe that
he was guilty because they're watching
the same thing we watched and it was
lawfare so look for that look for words
that you say to yourself they had a
choice of words and within all the words
they could have chose chosen they picked
the one that sends a flag it's sort of a
quite a signal but is there more well as
you know Eli hon who one of the main
legal Minds on CNN um said the trial
blew his mind and it's an unjustified
mess and basically he uh Eli honig
dumped on the lawfare of it exactly as
Republicans do in other words in a
purely factual way he just said it's law
fair garbage and it wouldn't have
happened to anybody else now that's a
big deal because he says that on CNN he
said his times on CNN and they're not
taking him off the air so CNN I'm going
to give them credit again um they do
seem to be pivoting towards something
like a reasonable middle we don't want
to get ahead of ourselves and say that
you know it's going to be a completely
clean situation but I see the
effort I mean to me it looks like
they're
trying because remember also
fared Zakaria said
directly that unless your name was
Donald Trump you never would have been
charged with this crime now that is
really clear there's no vagueness in
that fed is saying all right if you look
at the situation this is dirty I mean
that's just that's as clear as you can
be but it gets better uh you know how
many times I've told you that sanes is
the least biased person on
CNN well true to his brand he had
Charlamagne the God on you know
charlamagne's doing a book tour and uh
but Charlamagne is also famous for not
being pro Biden at the moment you know
he's not a lover of trump but he's very
clearly saying you know Biden's a mess
so SM smes has him on there and uh asked
if the verdict would change the outcome
of the election and here's what Charline
said he said so it's really which
candidate can energize their base and
situations like this it does energize
Trump's base I see Biden's base upset
with him over a number of things I do
think a situation like this gives them
something to fight for meaning the the
trumpers um now I saw somebody say that
they thought that smes' face and body
language suggested that he was going to
explode like he didn't like seeing it I
would suggest that you're reading him
completely wrong
smires knew exactly what Charlemagne was
going to say I mean not exactly but he
he knew what Charlemagne's message was
he invited him on the
show no he wasn't
surprised he wanted his audience to hear
Charlemagne's point of view just think
about
that he intentionally invited somebody
he knew was going to trash
Biden somebody who's black and is
influential smir did that here's what I
saw when I looked at Smur knish's face
and this is just subjective right but
remember I I have the perspective that
I'm already biased that he's
unbiased the look that I saw on his
face was just sort of like shock and
amazement like the rest of us so I think
he was just trying to keep a poker face
but I think he was having a reaction to
it but not the reaction that you know he
hated hearing it I think it was a
reaction of the moment we're in is a big
moment so what happens when all of those
people associated with CNN turn
completely on the story and agree with
the Republicans well they're not the
only ones Ellen dtz a famous Democrat
says Trump was unjustly convicted this
worst case in 60 years should never been
brought and the public should see the
judge's outrageous behavior now that's
pretty clear dtz is not saying I don't
know you could see this both ways nope
one of the most experienced and capable
legal Minds in the country a
Democrat said no this is totally crooked
totally crooked obviously crooked every
part of this is
crooked now I've taught you before that
if one of the major networks let's say
CNN or MSNBC say something is a fact but
then you go to the conservative Outlets
let's say breitbard or Fox News and they
say it's not a fact or vice versa one of
them says it's true and the other one
says
not it's usually
not usually not so or or let me put it a
better way you can't tell if it's
true it's just two versions now if you
could you know there's some objective
facts that they show you that you can
make up your own mind that's different
but you don't really know if something's
true if they disagree in their normal
way they disagree but it's
unusual that CNN and Fox News for
example would be on the same page about
anything and they're on the same page
that this was lawfare and it was
completely rigged system which is
phenomenal but here's the best
part um some of you know uh the name
Naval ravikant founder of angelist and
one of the most uh prominent investor
and thinkers in Silicon Valley what you
might not know about him is that he's
famously
non-political famously does a lot of
tweeting um you know he's one of the
most quoted people in uh in well most
quoted people in philosophy and
Technology at the moment success lot of
lot of different domains so he's
generally considered I've actually call
them the smartest person I've ever
met so let me say that again the
smartest person I've ever
met do you know how many smart people
I've met quite a few right so and I'll
stay with that you might be the smartest
person I've ever met now here I'm I'm
calling smart not just depth but
breadth he he can he can tell you the
better take on more to topics than any
human being I've ever met and it'll be a
different take and it'll be better than
one you had on so many different topics
it's crazy all right so when he talks
there are enough people certainly in the
investment world in the in the technical
World he's well known so when he says
anything that kind of Strays from his
non-political
stance your ears just go wait what did I
just
hear and here's what he said
he put two of Biden's uh posts on next
next to each
other and one of them was about Biden
bragging that he ignored the Supreme
Court to get um student loans
cancelled and then the next one was
where he was saying that nobody's Above
the
Law after the one where he said he got
around the
law
so naal quotes a famous quote from I
think some South American dictator type
and he and he said just this and nothing
else quote for my friends everything for
my enemies the
law now the way that quote is taken is
that when he says for my enemies the law
he doesn't mean just if they broke the
law that's the important part he means
you can use the law to get rid of
enemies and that's just the tool you use
and uh that is what we are
observing so now CNN has made it safe
for the least political person in all of
public
life to tell you that the former
president of the United
States is getting lawed right in front
of
you
now to you this might seem like a small
deal
but I don't think you quite understand
how much um how much persuasive
influence Nal has on the smartest people
in Silicon
Valley
he he is so
respected that when he puts down a stake
and I would say that he put down a stake
that this is too
far to get him to talk about anything in
the political domain and to make a
direct statement about it this is pretty
direct is
extraordinary I think the dam is about
to break I think CNN's already
broken I think the the investors in
Silicon Valley they're all going to turn
the Allin podcast is Allin Elon Musk
he's Allin
nval he just broke a long
tradition and and that I I'm I'm sure he
thought about it for a long time before
he did it something's happening that's
bigger than anything you could
imagine it it's not obvious yet but wow
you can feel it that there the the
feeling that things have gone too far is
so strong right now yeah the energy is
very
different and here's the part that uh I
was saving for you do you know what
judge M's first name
is how many of you know his first name
just off the top of your head have you
ever heard
it his first name is
Juan yeah Juan Muran that's the judge
that's going to jail Trump probably do
you know where he was
born Colombia country of
Colombia yeah judge judge
michan was born in Columbia
he's an
immigrant the judge that's judging
Trump is an immigrant from below the
Border does that sound like the right
choice the most famous build the wall
keep the South Americans where they are
of all time and his judge is one of the
people
that would have you know presumably the
biggest problem with that kind of
attitude gets
better uh his father was a military
officer in
Colombia military
officer for a while and then he later
served in
Colombia's intelligence
Services huh
colia what do we know about
Colombia what do we know about their
military what do we know about the
Colombian intelligence
Services let's see some people would say
that Colombia and the government and the
military are tightly connected with the
cartels some would
say and some would say that the cartels
are tightly linked with the American CIA
some would
say so let me ask you this if you were
the CIA and you knew that Trump didn't
even use your services for
intelligence and you knew that he was
talking about and other Republicans like
Tucker were talking about eliminating
the CIA and all of your jobs and you
wanted to stop
him who would be the best pick to do
that well
I would go with Juan meran father
military officer from Colombia who once
worked in their intelligence Services
somehow made it to the United States as
an immigrant and build quite a good
life that's who I'd
pick
so now I'm not going to make an
allegation because I don't know anything
about his
father but why does it look exactly like
you would think it would look if the
worst case scenario were true and that
the whole thing is the CIA and S fixed
why why does it look exactly like
that is that a
coincidence can can we write that off to
coincidence that it looks exactly like a
CIA
operation now again I'm only making
unfair inferences about people who are
known to be the types of people who
associate with other types of people so
that's a big you know I don't I don't
want to go further than that because
that would be
defamation so I'm not going to make a
claim that I know it's true I'm just
asking just asking don't you hate that
I'm
curious why there's such a big
coincidence involved especially when we
know that his selection was supposed to
be random but clearly wasn't because he
got three Trump cases in a row all
three so is it exactly what it looks
like
and in the meantime we hear the people
who are uh part of the deep State saying
that he's Merchant is going
to recommend jail
time despite the fact that nobody would
get jail time for this if they were not
Trump and the argument was because Trump
was sort of uh had a bad attitude and
violated the gag order so therefore they
would send him to
jail the that's the argument and and
that and on CNN one of the legal guys
was testing that argument out that's the
most absurd thing I've ever heard at the
same time there's a movement to change
the law so he can't get secret service
protection while he's in jail so he can
be
killed now uh I was talking with one of
my online buddies just before I went
live and you know I mentioned that it it
looked like on the surface it looks like
they're trying to kill him and he didn't
understand that I meant that literally
he thought I meant figuratively no
literally now I'm not going to say I
know that that's the case I'm going to
say if I were going to put odds on it
I'd say it's a 50% chance that there's
an active plan by our government to kill
Trump I think it's at least a 50%
chance and the reason I say that is that
we live through
Epstein if there had never been an
Ste if there had never been a Kennedy
who got assassinated if we didn't see
that RFK Jr also doesn't get secret
service protection for no good reason I
would have said okay our government
doesn't do things like that but clearly
they do things like that so yes they
they have an existential risk well to
their jobs uh if Trump becomes the
president again and what would they do
if they are the dirty tricks group of
the country the people who are selected
by their willingness to break
rules the CIA is
selected by their willingness to do
illegal things at least the operators
are because they're doing illegal things
in other
countries uh uh you could argue that
it's still legal in our country if they
do illegal things and it's authorized by
our country but that's sort of that's
sort of cutting it fine I mean they're
basically people who signed up for yeah
I'll go do super illegal things that'll
be my job and that way we would assume
that they wouldn't do super illegal
things when it's the very group that's
been
selected because they like to do or at
least they're willing to do super
illegal
things no it's at least a 50% chance
that they're trying to kill him Don JR
says the same thing it's not crazy it is
well within the parameters of what we've
seen if I'd never seen the laware
happen then I'd say well you know but
the courts are fair no they're not to me
it looks like the court case is driven
by the same people who are apparently if
you look at it on the surface on the
surface it looks exactly like a murder
plot with a statistical element which is
maybe they don't know for sure he'll be
killed in prison but they think there's
a good
chance
so anyway
that's
scary
um so uh over on
MSNBC The the stupid Network
representative Bowman's on there he says
if you stay home and you do not exercise
the power your vote you're giving your
power to white supremacist Mega
individuals you know where the white
supremacist Mega individuals are because
I I've never really seen one on the
news but I'm I'm going to take a
guess I think they're up in the
mountains with the white supremacist
militia that's forming they're hiding
away with the black guy who can't figure
out how to get an Ida to
vote and well you get it you get the
idea um V had an interesting legal take
I don't know if I'm buying it yet but
it's interesting um he says that Trump
can be pardoned by a
president uh for his New York conviction
even though it's a state matter normally
uh a president can only uh what would be
uh pardon or commute for something that
was a federal offense you can't do it
for a state charge and and Trump was
charged and convicted by the state
however the state's charges depended
entirely upon the fact that there were
also Federal
violations per their case so if you were
to uh pardon Trump from the federal part
of it it would make the state part of it
dissolve because the state part of it
depended on the federal part so even
though the federal part was not really
what the state found they still relied
on the jury thinking a federal thing had
been
violated so that they could apply the
state thing to the higher level
crime of felony because it supported the
other charge or vice versa one supported
the other I forget which way it went but
I don't know if I buy that I I it sounds
right but I feel like there might be an
alternative legal theory about whether
that's practical I like the thinking and
once again if it's
true if it's true how did we get this
far and why did V have to be the one to
bring it up because he went to a little
bit of law school so so he's the only
one have figured it
out man do we need him in the in the
government we need him so
much right even if he's wrong on this at
least he came up with this and that's
pretty
good anyway so the um yeah I do think V
is the primary thing that could keep
Trump alive if if they wanted to be vice
president and got nominated for that so
because he's the one that I think the
CIA would be most afraid of who not
named Trump so I think he's the way to
keep Trump
alive
um it would be wild if Trump nominated V
for vice president and said directly you
know what some other people were my top
choice but the V will keep me
alive can you imagine that cuz it was
real it's
real but he could say that directly you
know if a didn't want the job he wanted
to have a different role uh I had
somebody else in mind but honestly he's
the one who's going to keep me
alive I'd love to hear him say that
directly all right getting back into the
Soros
mystery uh I asked why is it that Soros
is doing what he's doing and I wanted
other people to explain it to me like
I'm an idiot so I could understand why
Soros would be funding so many things
that seem like disastrous for the
country that he lives
in right why would you destroy the
country that you live in now I I'm being
called naive and
uninformed and here's what I heard uh
from a user online that Soros supports
anarco tyranny all the things we're
seeing in the country because he
believes now this is the mind reading
part because he believes in a globalist
agenda that transcends National borders
uh and it wouldn't matter that he's a
citizen of the United States because
soros's preference would be that states
go away and he'll he'll do fine because
he's
Rich that ain't it
that ain't
it I I feel like this is an analysis
that comes from people who have never
been Rich may I give you my rich guy
analysis it's the only one you should
listen to Because Soros is Rich if
you're not hearing the opinion from
somebody also rich I mean I don't have
anything like his money but I've
experienced going from poor to to being
wealthy it changes you and here's the
thing you want the least if you're if
you're on top so right now he's sitting
at like the Pinnacle of human
beings you don't want that to
change if you're at the top the last
thing you want in a risk reward world
the last thing you want is to change the
whole system that you're dominating at
at the
top that introduces a risk of total
collapse that would take him from the
top to not the top it could make every
dollar he owns worth
nothing right so being in the top
1% let me tell you for sure because I'm
in it I don't want the whole system to
change dramatically in any
way now do I think that the whole system
should be changed dramatically yeah I
can think of lots of ways but I would
want to do them care
and without changing the general
structure of what got me to where I am
the last thing I want is to have the
country thrown into chaos and then I
have to figure out how to you know
create a good situation from scratch I'm
already in a good situation if you've
never experienced going from uncertainty
and economic you know low income to a
place where you would call yourself
wealthy when you get there the last
thing you want to do is change the whole
world into something you don't even know
what will happen nobody does that and
among the group of the nobodies who
would do that the top top top the very
number one person who wouldn't do that
is a person who's famous for being good
at risk
analysis that's what Soros is famous for
he's apparently unusually good at risk
analysis nobody with risk analysis
ability destroys the whole system
without a replacement you know that's
right online Nobody Does that so the
idea that he's in in favor of you know
destroying all the borders and forming a
global network is
crazy now here's the other
thing if a globalist One World
Government were to be
formed have you thought through who
would be in charge
that have you lived in the real world at
all if you form a real world government
of the you know top richest person
people like actually an official
government they would just fight with
each other it would be like the
Democrats and the Republicans they they
would be buying the fight of all fights
when none of them need a fight all the
billionaires are already the champions
of the world they can do whatever they
want they can affect governments easily
why would they change their situation
dramatically and if they did why do you
think Soros would be the you know like
top billionaire don't you think he would
get demoted as likely as
promoted it would be the craziest
riskiest chaotic thing to ever do if you
are already at the top the next thing is
that people say he's doing it for money
Scott you don't understand you know he
destroys countries and then he bets
against their currencies and then he
makes a whole bunch of money money now I
need a fact check on this but am I crazy
or is
Soros trying to give away his
money my understanding is he's trying to
donate most of it in the context of
trying to give away most of your money
you're not doing gigantic terrible
illegal things to make more money like
it doesn't even make
sense like how does that any of that
make sense so whatever is going on
here I have no idea I have no idea I
just know that the simplistic
explanations of a globalist One World
Government don't track at all with who
Soros is and I and I'm not reading his
mind I'm saying that nobody in that
situation would want that choice nor
have you ever heard
anybody show me show me a um show me a
billionaire who really wants uh
governments to go away and have one
world
government I I don't think there are any
and definitely not him because he's good
at risk management and nobody would
nobody would do that it would be
crazy
anyway so that's still a mystery let's
talk about the Israel peace deal uh as I
told you on day one it was always fake
so there's not there's not really a
peace deal that anybody's going to take
too seriously but it looks like Israel's
going to buy some time I don't know how
long it will take to get whatever they
need done in
Rafa but it's probably a few
months you don't think that they can
stall negotiations for two months of
course they
can of course they
can yeah the world economic forum is
even the more ridiculous
Theory yeah I think Elon Musk is right
about them being a club for rich
people uh if if Elon Musk isn't worried
and he's about as close to the inside of
the the world as anybody could be and he
seems totally uncon you know unconvinced
there's any danger there and I agree
with him completely I think it's just a
club for rich
people meanwhile in Ukraine Russia's
trying to uh they say bomb Kira what is
the second biggest city
it's not Kev it's
uh kir kirov or something I forget
anyway it looks like the Russians are
trying to take out their vital services
and depopulate it before they do
anything bigger so it looks like the
current method of taking over a city in
a military way is the American and
Israeli version as a little more boots
on the ground the Russian version is H
we'll go in when there's nothing left
car carco
kov thank you the city is kov
kov kov or kov one of
those
anyway not much happening there besides
the usual Badness that by the way
concludes my comments for today sorry I
ran long again I'm going to say bye to
uh YouTube and Rumble and X I'm going to
talk to the good folks on locals
privately the subscri
and uh I'll see the rest of you tomorrow
hope you enjoyed the show bye for now
locals hold on coming to
you
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e but