well I'm here where are you oh there you
are there you are right there I knew
you'd be here quickly
good good morning are you ready to cure
the pandemic I am we might need a few
things to do that we might need a
breakthrough therapeutic a cure a
vaccine maybe but until we have those
things and I'm sure that they're near we
can get a head start on it with a little
thing I call the simultaneous sip yes it
will boost your immune system you think
it won't well you're no doctor okay some
of you are doctors but I think you'll
back me on this
the simultaneous sip will boost your
immune system
probably protect you from I don't know
cancer coronavirus strikes from meteors
pretty much everything well that's why
you don't get your medical advice from
cartoonists but all you need is a cup of
Margot or class of tanker chelators
tying the canteen jugular flask a vessel
of any kind filled with your favourite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure the dopamine
hit of the day the thing that makes
everything better including the damn
pandemic it's called the simultaneous
sip and it happens now go alright I have
a fun game for you to play are you ready
it goes like this
find a Biden supporter online challenge
them to make the following definitive
statement I challenge you to say
publicly here on Twitter that you
believe Joe Biden is mentally competent
now you say to yourself last no problem
they're just gonna say sure he's
mentally confident right
not anymore not anymore
I tried this with uh with a guy online
and I just said that directly because he
made some comment about you know by
didn't being better than Trump I forget
what it was and it was right after I had
oh it was after I had tweeted yet
another Biden blowing his sentence clip
which is ironic because I blew my
sentence describing Biden losing his
mind and blowing his sentence it doesn't
mean I'm crazy not yet not yet and so
somebody on Twitter you know made the
comment that trumps know better and and
showed a clip where Trump is mashing
some words which of course we all do and
so I thought to myself does he really
think that looks the same because you
could do a mash-up a mash-up of
everybody you know who speaks a lot in
public getting that words wrong alright
everybody knows you can do that but this
outlook the same as the Joe Biden stuff
can you really look at me honestly and
say yeah it's just the same thing
everybody misses a word now and then put
them all together it's gonna look pretty
bad so I just said can you state
directly here on Twitter that you
believe that Joe Biden is mentally
capable what do you think he did he
might have changed the subject actually
he actually said directly he still
prefers Biden so without answering the
question do you think he's mentally
capable he actually said he still
prefers Biden I'm thinking you know
especially since this was done in public
on Twitter that would have been the
ideal time to say oh he's monkey he's
mentally capable I'm sure duh
you know I wouldn't be I wouldn't be
supporting the guy for President of the
United States that was you know I have
his finger on the nuclear button unless
I thought he was mentally capable I mean
ah duh and we're actually in
a situation that is so divorced from
anything that's sensible or just makes
any sense at all
that people are literally and in public
preferring the guy that they can't even
say they can say in public that he's
mentally capable and they want to put
him in front in charge of the nuclear
arsenal I'm not even making this up I'm
not making this up
so you have to try this this technique
if you run into any perfect situations
on life let me know how it goes so the
the latest I think there are three
different clips of Biden just going off
the rails just the last 24 hours the
best one of course is when Biden saying
we've lost 85,000 jobs
no no it's tens of millions of jobs its
85,000 lives if you can't tell if any
then he starts going and millions and
millions of things and and the it he's
just completely off the he's off the
tracks
so I watch it and I actually don't know
like did he actually momentarily think
that it was 85,000 jobs we lost it makes
you wonder if he actually thought it for
a moment or already just mash the jobs
and the death numbers it looked bad
whatever it was then also yesterday he I
think Trump is on the way to having one
of the best weeks anybody ever had iDEN
also said that he doesn't remember Tara
Reid but he advised that if women
believer that they probably shouldn't
vote for him what it's that it's
everything that you shouldn't say all in
one sentence the first part where he
says Biden says he doesn't remember her
he doesn't remember her
she worked for him for a while she
doesn't remember him I'm not sure that
helps them do you think it helps Joe
Biden that he has a memory problem
because this isn't the first thing you
think when he says I don't remember her
do you say to you do you say to yourself
oh well there were so many people who
have worked for him over the years he
meets a lot of people yeah that seems
reasonable
just some Rando in his office he
wouldn't never hurt or does your brain
immediately go to Wow
what else has he forgotten right because
of his age and his brain doesn't
question the first thing you think is
well he may have forgotten her but he's
pretty quick to deny that he didn't have
sex with a woman he doesn't know existed
because if you could forget she existed
maybe there are other things you could
have forgotten if you know what I mean
now the part that Joe does well I would
say is that his denial of this does seem
unambiguous have you noticed that if I'm
being fair if we're being fair his
denial it's pretty darn good you know I
have to say she you know his his accuser
is very credible
you remember credible doesn't mean true
just means that everything about her
seems consistent and believable so I
would say I would put complete
credibility on the claim but at the same
time it could also be true that the
denial can be credible right you could
have a credible claim and a credible
denial and they could both be solid-gold
credibility only one of them it could be
true but they could both be credible I
gotta say Biden's denial of this he you
know given that he's not the most clever
with words you would expect that you
would expect that if it was a fake
denial in other words if he had an
actual memory of it and he was just
lying I feel like his words would reveal
it because he's just not that good with
concealing his
you know words reconciliate sauce in
clever words every time I talk about
Biden not being able to talk clearly he
just totally ruins my fluency I know I
know that's gonna happen again gets in
your head but anyway I would rate the
quality of Biden's denial really good
really good only from the from this
perspective he says that clearly and
confidently and he doesn't leave any
wiggle room when he denies it
he also says and this helps his denial
he says that it's out of character so
even though he says that you know he
doesn't remember it he's saying you know
I would certainly remember assaulting
somebody in a hallway basically you know
which seems were a fair thing to say
right it's like okay that's so Anna
character I don't have to remember or
not remember that's just not me
it would be like it would be like if
somebody accused me of eating a steak
last week and I say I don't remember
that they can't really come back to me
and say alright well you said you don't
remember but I remember it so you know
there it is no because I don't use steak
so given that I haven't had a steak in
30 years
I don't have to remember if I had a
steak last week I know I didn't so I
could know it without having a memory
Biden has the similar situation either
you know from his telling oven right I'm
not I'm not saying I'm getting in his
head but from his telling of it that's a
pretty good denial it's like okay this
that's like it you're describing a
person who's a whole different person I
don't have to remember to know I didn't
do that you know I I can tell you with
confidence I have never sexually
molested anybody in the hallway right I
mean I know that about myself do I have
a memory of all the times I've been in
the hallway not really but I Know Who I
am and I didn't eat a steak last week
and I didn't sexually lest anybody in
the hall
of the capital want to be specific about
the hallway there all right I have this
great enduring curiosity about this and
I wonder if you do too are the people
who have been lying to us about the
Russia collusion thing and now we're
trying to lie to us that the Obama gay
thing is no big deal at all
are they self-aware do you have it do
you have an opinion on that and I'll
throw out some names in particular
Jennifer Rubin Maggie Haberman and Carl
Bernstein the worse than Watergate guy
I'll just use them as my three example
people do you think there's any self
reflection going on and I actually don't
know this is a legitimate question
I don't even I'm not even sure which way
I lean on this do you think that in
their quiet times they say to themselves
oh my god I wonder if the country
realizes that we lied to them for three
years mislead them deeply and we're
still doing it do you think so because I
saying somebody says I've spoken to them
all three of them that would be weird
lookee here your comments because I'm
actually very interested in seeing your
opinion so some say they're believers
unaware mental illness they're all nuts
three horrible people that sums it up
part of the swamp they're sick it looks
oh look at your looking your opinions
they're just all over the place self
loathing not a chance
two movies on one screen either way is
bad no they don't care yes all right so
your answers are all over the place so
you're about where I am which is it's
just hard to tell but I want to see if
you if you get this impression you know
we're all stereotyped herbs and but
we're all biased you know we try not to
be so you try not to put your bias on
the news but you can't really help it
and I'll tell you what if I watch let's
say historically not not talking about
the last year I think but historically
if I watch the Republican on the news
and let's say the Republican was saying
something I didn't like what was my
feeling about that Republican well
usually my feeling was oh that's coming
from you know some religious base that
you know I'm not buying into all that or
something so I would often think oh
they're starting from some philosophical
starting place that I don't buy into so
therefore a big sense that we don't have
the same opinion on a few things
right so when I see a Republican I'm
just okay they get this philosophy or
religion or something and it's
incompatible with this all right I get
that but when I see a lot of the
Democrats say the anti-trump errs in
particular I'm not going to say Democrat
I'll say anti Trump errs when I see the
anti Trump errs such as Carl Bernstein
and haverman and Jennifer Rubin and some
of the hosts on CNN such as Don Lemon
what is your what is your just
impression of those people is your
impression that they're coming at it
with a different philosophy and that's
why your opinion doesn't match is your
opinion that they're coming at it as
basically criminals we're just making
stuff up to make money and they know
it's not true I mean it wouldn't be
illegal but you know the sort of a
fraudulent intent does it register that
way with you or do you register it as
mental illness because so so I'm going
to give you my opinion which is that it
registers is mental illness which is
different from saying it's mental
illness
all right so I'm not going to give you a
diagnosis I'm not a doctor
right even though I even though my
medical opinion has so far been better
than the experts on the coronavirus but
that's probably just a coincidence we're
not going to say that that's a trend
they should continue but when I look at
a lot of the the anti-trump critics the
way it registers to me and I'm going to
be careful with my language right I'm
not saying that they have mental
problems that would be totally
irresponsible I'm not going to say it
I'm going to say it feels like it so I
can only talk about myself so this is
just a comment about my self when I
watched the FTA troopers on TV not all
some of them are perfectly reasonable
people but there's a class of them you
know that the really hard course that
that read to me like mental illness now
URL you were aware from your own life
that and by the way when I say mental
illness I don't mean there's necessarily
something organically wrong with them
but rather that or they're troubled by
whatever the situation is so let's just
say troubled in a way that would be a
mental distress of some sort it doesn't
doesn't necessarily have to have a name
on it like you know I'm not saying it's
bipolar or something that has a name
that's my that's my take I wonder if
everybody else has that the answer this
question do you do you receive them just
your human sensors do you read them as
mentally having a problem or is just
live or just or maybe they're right
you're wrong who knows
alright just looking at your comments as
they come and they're a little kind of
time all right
and is it a coincidence that Carl
Bernstein hasn't been on television I
suppose he's hiding in his basement
yeah and may not have all the technology
he needs but as Carl Bernstein been on
CNN since Obama gate became Obama gate
have we seen him since then
because I have to wonder if they feel
comfortable putting him on do wouldn't
you love to know what the conversation
is as CNN privately wouldn't you love to
know what the producers as CNN and the
avi air talent are talking to themselves
about right now right wouldn't you love
that because I feel like I I know what
Fox News is saying you know the
producers and stuff because I feel like
what they're saying
ends up on the page right so don't you
feel like you know exactly what the
producers and on-air people have Fox
News think because I think they just put
it on the air usually you see it but are
the CNN people putting on the air what
they think because it doesn't look like
it maybe it is it doesn't look like
they're trying to put on the air the
things they actually internally think to
be the truth it feels like they must be
in some kind of weird world but here's
the fun part it's a big organization
there must be people and see event who
are on both sides internally there must
be people who say okay okay we just have
to say we were wrong about this for
three years I mean this is embarrassing
we should just admit we were wrong for
three years and then there's probably
some other producers saying yeah we
don't have to do that we don't have to
do that because the the Republicans
don't watch this station the only people
who watch it are the ones who are gonna
believe anything we tell we'll just hope
we weren't wrong we'll just say that
didn't happen we weren't wrong
it'll be fine watch this and then they
just act like it didn't happen
it's fine it totally works they can
literally create any reality they want
so long as they know their people are
walled off from the rest of the you know
the competing competing opinions and
they are I who is a Jennifer Rubin who's
still saying the walls are closing in on
trumps lawless presidents
and I guess there's Clips the first
thing the walls are closing in all
through the the Russia collusion stuff I
mean it's so it's so absurd now in an
entertaining way that I can't do
anything to laugh at it if you're not
watching CNN just for the jokes well
you're missing a good show
well I buried the lead buried the lead
as they say here's the biggest story of
the day if you haven't heard it maybe
you've already heard this maybe this is
the first news you're getting so there's
a cure for coronavirus just let that sit
there for a minute oh I should say more
about that yes there's a cure for
coronavirus maybe maybe so but it's only
a cure on Fox News if you go to CNN that
there's no story about this so what did
I tell you when they heard two networks
and one has a story that says this is
totally true and the other one not so
much
well it means you shouldn't believe it
yet I let this with age a little bit
because it's brand-new news I think it's
news from probably yesterday afternoon
but it's a california-based bio a
pharmaceutical company called Sorento
California represented you know if you
want some smart people come to
California we got a lot of problems in
California we got your you know
hypodermic needles on the streets
we got your taxes we got your
immigration problems we got your
homelessness we got lots lots problems
in California but the other thing we
have we've got some smart people here
we've got some smart smart smart people
in California and what some of them are
at this company is Sorrento and they
have made the following claim so
sorrento therapeutics will announce
their discovery i guess today of the STI
a 1499 antibody which is the good one i
don't know if you if you're keeping
track of your
antibodies this is the good one the STI
$14.99 oh yeah that's a good antibody
right there so I guess it's a company
that had millions of antibodies sort of
in their library for just this sort of
reason so that they could run their
tests against I don't know if it's
computer simulation or actual tests but
they were probably computer simulation
just guessing but they ran their tests
against all their existing catalogue of
millions of antibodies and they found
this one that's sort of a superstar and
what it does is it wraps around the
corona virus it just puts a wrapper
around it and they can't infect you and
it just gets passed from your body do
you believe it
yeah San Diego company but here's the
thing that that just caught me by
surprise if you're a legitimate traded
company you've got to keep some
credibility right what would be worse
than making a claim that you do was just
BS and then you know three weeks later
everybody knows you lied you're a public
company what's that going to do to your
stock price remember this is a billion
dollar company so you know it's a
serious company billion dollar company
at least that's what somebody offered to
buy them several months ago a billion
dollars and they this is the exact quote
from the company we want to emphasize
there is a cure not a therapeutic not a
vaccine when have you ever heard a
legitimate American bio biotech company
say in direct language we want to
emphasize there is a cure there is a
solution that works 100% dr. Henry G
founder and CEO sorrento therapeutics
told Fox News if we have the
neutralizing antibody in your if you
have the unique neutralizing antibody in
your body you don't need the social
distancing you can open up a society
without fear they found there was one
particular antibody bah bah now if this
guy's lying well he could be wrong and
not lying right he could be maybe just
optimistic but how unusual is it for a
CEO to make a claim of a hundred percent
cure he used the word cure and he said a
hundred percent have you ever seen that
ever now this guy is either so far out
on you know on a branch that he's just a
nut because even if you were 99% sure
you wouldn't say a hundred you just
wouldn't I mean nobody responsible would
say a hundred percent unless unless they
actually believed it nobody responsible
and we don't know if he's responsible
right we don't know this guy he could be
like the biggest bad guy in the world we
don't know so if he was the biggest bad
guy in the world yeah he could make a
crazy claim apparently some big
companies have made crazy claims already
and gotten in trouble so he it wouldn't
even be the first pharmaceutical biotech
company during perotta virus to make a
claim that wasn't true so it wouldn't be
the first time so if you're evaluating
this you'd have to say why is it only
news on fox news that's your first red
flag you know why isn't there more
widespread coverage of this is it just
because CMM doesn't want to give you any
good news about coronavirus I hope not I
doubt that would be the case is it
because the claim is so so ridiculous
meaning ridiculously optimistic that CNN
just said I don't know about this it
could be they're just better at news I
hate to say it but you can't rule out
the fact
the Fox News bit on something and the
CNN reporters are saying and that's
that's a big claim you know I'm not
gonna write that you know if you would
not use the word cure
I'm fine we'll write a story about it if
you had not said a hundred percent okay
fine we'll write a story it's promising
we do that all the time but it could be
that these claims are so absurd maybe
true but they're absurd sounding in our
brains at the moment that that the other
news organizations just went oh I don't
even know if we can I don't know if we
can report that yeah so it might be just
a time lag maybe takes a little while
before they report on it but I'm gonna
tell you this is highly highly unusual
for anybody at that level to make that
kind of claim is either it's either
career suicide right because this
founder he's he's got a billion-dollar
company so basically he you know he's a
super-rich guy unless he messes up and
he didn't need to do this right remember
this is a company already successful and
a founder who's probably already worth
hundreds of millions of dollars he
doesn't need anything there's nothing he
needs would he get in front of the world
risk his entire company his entire
fortune on a lie this this ridiculous
now of course there's also the
possibility he's not lying but he's also
not right yeah I mean that's the obvious
possibility but full disclosure
don't take any advice for me on
financial stuff you really shouldn't
I've had a number of situations where
I've been right guessing on some
financial stuff but probably as many
when I'm wrong so you know I feel like I
get the politics right more often than
not
but don't take my advice on finances
really don't except for general concepts
like diversification but just fair full
disclosure I bought their stock this
morning stock in Sorento now you should
not buy stock in Sorento if you think
it's an investment it's not anything
like an investment it's just something
that dumb people like me will do because
I don't know I do I guess I just wanted
to bet on optimism if you told me was
that a smart thing to do
no no it is not smart not even close to
smart to put your actual hard-earned
money on a news story about one company
making a claim in a context where lots
of companies are making claims that most
of them are not true
but I just found myself wanting to bet
on optimism today sometimes sometimes
you just want a bet on optimism if the
stock has already gone up so much before
I bought it that I can't even imagine it
will be a good good idea you should be
hearing me in a week saying I wish I
hadn't done that that's what I would
expect but I just want to bet on
optimism today I want to go into the
weekend feel that way all right so
here's the fun part
when these various states are being
reviewed for how they're doing with
their reopening the early indications
seem to be there's not not any problem
with the early opening places there
doesn't seem to be a big change yet but
it's too early and there are lots of
other factors such as summer what what
may be the reason that the southern
states that are opening up earlier are
getting a good result
because it's warm what what if it's just
warm so we will never know why something
worked and why it didn't but we will all
be sure we did everybody who's bias is
that we should open up quickly we'll
look at the states that opened up
quickly and they're gonna say well it's
right in front of you look they opened
up quickly
when fine compared to the other states
no no better no worse so therefore we
were right all along when we said you
should open up early that's what people
will say there will be no reasonable
basis for that opinion because we won't
know probably never
we won't know what worked we'll never
know when this is all done for the rest
of time smart people will say ok you got
it wrong the real reason it didn't go
wrong in Florida let's say it doesn't
the real reason was the weather turned
the real reason was they they dealt with
things differently the real reason was
the people's social distance on their
own the real reason was you know it's
gonna be like that the real reason was
people stopped shaking hands
you'll never know why something worked
or even if it worked I don't think we'll
ever be able to tease it out of the data
but man people are gonna be sure people
are gonna be sure they see stuff in that
data that they don't see and so I was
just out of Twitter this morning you
know it's called the anecdotal data and
somebody said to me Scott Scott Scott
Florida you know they closed
they closed late they opened up early
they don't have any problems is that
anecdotal is it anecdotal Scott the
Florida not only closed late but they
opened early meaning that they were open
more than other states and they still
have you know acceptable death rate is
that is that just anecdotal Scott to
which I say yeah that's what it means
that's like literally the definition of
anecdotal that's exactly a mcdowell that
that lacks a rigorous scientific
analysis that's anecdotal and still the
the fascinating two movie situation with
this Obama Gate unmasking this is a
really interesting one so on CNN the
Obama gay thing is nothing but gas
lighting and can
Piercy theory and there's nothing to it
on fox news it's bigger than Watergate
and it's this giant conspiracy to spy on
a political campaign using the organs of
government the worst thing ever
which ones true can't both be true well
I'm gonna be on the side of saying that
the walls are closing in it doesn't it
feel like that it feels like the walls
are closing in on the Obama
administration bad people who did
whatever they did with FISA and spying
on Flint but at the same time I'm gonna
say those walls have not completely
closed in so if you think that you see
the direct evidence of the crime it's
not there yet it's not there yet do I
expect that we'll ever see it I don't
know because sometimes you never see
there might not be any indication of
what people were thinking which is
really the entire accusation the
accusation is what were they thinking
because if we found out you know if we
found the documents to say why they
wanted to unmask and why 39 people
needed it what if there's a good reason
on there could be right 39 people have
to fill out legal paperwork that could
be discovered to say why they needed to
know that Flint was the other person on
the transcript
they must have written down reasons how
bad are those reasons do they just leave
those boxes blank or do you think they
said something like in the context of my
work I need to know where we are a visa
V Russia that's it
that's all they have to say anyone
anyone who one masked whether they're a
diplomat or Obama's chief of staff who
you automatically think well what do
they have to do with any of this but
since the issue was the very nature of
the relationship between the United
States and Russia basically everybody in
the government who had some kind of an
official role had a reason reason to
know that now I don't know how common
is that they would unmask to get a
little bit of data about something you
know that stuff will we'll learn so it
does seem to be highly highly unusual
based on what we know
so again if you're asking my opinion it
sure looks guilty
it sure looks like a coup well I have
the direct evidence yet and I'm gonna
hold off for it you don't need to all
right
a new study suggests that covin 19 cases
could be cut as much as 80% if people
wore masks what 80 percent first of all
do you believe that do you believe that
if everybody wore masks and I'm assuming
that the hypothetical here is that you'd
wear them as soon as you woke up right
you know just everywhere do you think it
would cut corona virus spread by 80%
because I'll bet that's not far off yeah
I don't know if it's 80 percent or 60
percent or 50 percent but it does it
does feel to me if the people who were
infected were wearing them why wouldn't
it reduce it I mean it just feels like
you should and so how far we've gone
from masks don't work
could you imagine you were the Surgeon
General and you wake up in the morning
and you know you're the guy who's famous
for saying in public don't get a mask
mask don't work and then you wake up and
then it's still the crisis you're still
in the middle of it people are dying by
the thousands and you see yeah actually
if you had not told people that and
might have cut the spread down by 80
percent what what I'm the Surgeon
General and I gave people advice the
wrong advice and if I'd given them the
right device that would have reduced
infections by 80 percent
well I wouldn't have because we didn't
have enough supply but in theory this is
some of the worst medical advice of all
time if you had if you had to guess what
was the
worst medical advice of all time well
probably back when they said smoking was
good for you that was probably the worst
medical advice of all time but I would
say second place would be the mass don't
help you in an infection really that had
to be the worst second worst advice Hey
I keep seeing more and more things that
vitamin D is is gonna be important oh I
I got my vitamin D supplements so I was
holding off you know I was just using
the Sun and everything and I still just
grabbed the Sun but I didn't know if I
wanted to also supplement but I thought
that the risk/reward of that was good so
I'm gonna do you know maybe a thousand
two thousand units a day so that would
be way under way under a level that I
would have to worry about having too
much of it but it would be probably
protective in a general way not
necessarily a coronavirus way but in a
general way vitamin D apparently is good
for you
Mitch McConnel conceded Thursday that
there was he was wrong to claim that the
Obama had left no kind of coronavirus
plan behind apparently there was a
detailed Obama administration plan for
how to deal with a corona virus breakout
but what we don't know is with that plan
have helped us have enough PPE know with
that plan have told us what to do about
closing the airport doubt it did that
plan have anything in it about risk
management
if you thought hydroxychloroquine worked
but it wasn't proven no so I don't know
what was in that detailed plan I think
it was mostly about which which
organizations talked to who and who was
in charge I think it was more of a
framework for how the government
organizes if I'm right but did you hear
any problems on that regard we've heard
tons of problems of you know hey where's
our ventilators where's our PPE you know
tons of problems about outcomes
but have we heard one complaint and I'm
not saying it didn't happen I'm just
saying it's weird that we haven't heard
about it have we heard one complaint
that the real problem was that the
government didn't get self organized
efficiently or that they didn't know who
to talk to
didn't know who was in charge you know
I'm sure I'm sure on the ground there
was plenty of that complaining because
there always is hey who's in charge he
was doing this but in terms of you know
you're the country and you're looking at
your government how'd they do was there
anything in the Obama coronavirus plan
that made any difference because don't
you think everybody knew that what the
CDC's role was probably don't you think
everybody knew the president was in
charge I think so don't you think that
all of the different organizations that
knew immediately I have a role in this
don't you think that as soon as they
read the news and said oh I'm a I'm a
virus department or I'm a medical this
or you know I'm FEMA or whatever
don't you think every one of those
organizations said immediately oh this
is where I jump in and the way I connect
to the process is the way I always
connect uh-huh so I'll call the CDC make
sure they know who our main contact is
I'll hit the I'll hit the president's
office make sure he knows we're up and
running I've got a feeling that the
Obama plan that said how you organized
for the pandemic probably just happened
spontaneously because every organization
already knows who they are
if you know your organization has a
certain role and the time comes for that
role to come into play probably there
wasn't that much of a problem figuring
out who does what yeah it's sort of
normal business stuff just my guess
according to Scott Gottlieb MD who was a
great follow by the way on Twitter
he says the national data is showing
that the number of coronavirus deaths is
plateauing or going down a little bit
but I don't know do we still have some
kind of a time lag problem I'm not sure
I'm gonna believe
anything yet and so what is CNN talking
about today they've got this
whistleblower Rick bright so he's the
abstracts eeen agency in and he's
complaining now among other things that
the n95 masks that we bought were not
effective now here's the thing you know
I like me a good whistleblower you know
whistleblowers are important I like a
good whistleblower now and then but if
your whistleblower is complaining that
the masks we bought from Asia were not
effective I just don't know that that's
on us right is that on is that on the
government that products they bought
were poorly made I mean obviously we
wish they had known to check or they've
done some testing or something but it
seems to me that in an emergency choose
a situation everybody just bought
everything that they could buy because
the alternative was worse wouldn't it be
way better to have a mask that was half
effective than not being able to get a
mask so I think everybody did what they
could do which is just buy every
fricking thing you can get and and live
with the consequences which was
unfortunately the best risk management
thing they could have done but CNN's
turning it into a whistleblower story
about how I don't know they did bad job
at buying masks also according to CNN
the hydroxyl chloroquine story is dead
it's a done deal doesn't work were you
aware of that were you aware that in the
other movie it's already a fact the
hydroxyl chloroquine doesn't work and
might just be bad for you did you know
that because that's not the story on Fox
News I mean I don't know if Fox News has
talked about it recently but CNN's
evidence is two studies one that said it
had no harm and no benefit and another
one that said it had no benefit but it
did have harm in terms of strokes or
something
but given that we know that this drug
has been around forever that's not
really credible that suddenly this is
the only case that those drugs cause
problems oh yeah the one and only time
that these drugs that have been around
forever the one time they cause problems
is this time maybe but the other study
didn't show anything like that so you
know where I had been I had been sick
I'd been at a 40% chance the
hydroxychloroquine would make some kind
of a big difference that you know I'd
started out higher but it lowered it and
the the reason was that I hadn't heard
good things about it
but isn't that still true that doctors
are using it let me ask you this so
you've got CNN saying yeah the studies
are and it's useless isn't it also true
that the doctors are still prescribing
it so why would the doctors whose job it
is to prescribe it still still doing it
in a widespread fashion when CNN says I
guess studies right it's over what's
wrong what's going on here
hey now it could be that my information
is behind the times it could be that
let's say a week ago doctors all over
the country just stopped using
hierarchical or queen maybe they saw the
news too maybe they read CNN said oh
darn you know it was promising but I
guess there's no reason to try it now I
don't know where's the reporting on that
that's pretty big story our doctors
still prescribing it all right let's see
what else we got here Oh a user on
LinkedIn sent me a long description
about the monetary situation you know I
was asking can we just print money
can we just print money because I
thought to myself there's something
about this unique crisis situation that
we've never seen before that might be
the one and only time that you could
just print money
and any other time it would cause you
know you'd have inflation or if you
borrowed you to cause debt etc but I was
thinking I don't know there's something
about this everything seems to have
lined up where we can just print money
and haven't you been waiting for
somebody to tell you you can't do that
right are you waiting for an expert to
come on TV and say um you could print a
little bit of money I mean maybe you
could print half a trillion and you
could you could live with that but you
can't just print four or five trillion
dollars you can't just print the entire
GDP of your country and just hand it out
and say hey here's some money spend it
there has to be some kind of cost down
the road have you seen one economic
expert say that there would be where is
that it aren't there don't we usually
have two sides to everything where's the
other side that says I gotta tell you
this five whatever it's going to end up
by you know I'm guessing five trillion
but fact-check down that wherever it
ends up where's the where's the person
going on TV an expert an economist who
says look look look you're all dreaming
if you print five trillion dollars even
under these unique situation you're dead
there's no way you can recover from that
that you've just ruined your economy
where's that guy or a woman where's that
person right it's conspicuously missing
how could two everybody be on the same
side that we can print five trillion
dollars what what in what in this
universe am I missing that is so big
that I don't understand why we can not
just invent five trillion dollars so I
wanted to read to you if you don't mind
can I read to you a little bit of a
lengthy explanation of this because I'm
not sure I understand it all but maybe
some of you will this is from Paul
Vallejo and it gave it to me on LinkedIn
I don't think he'd my
if I were if I rather so on the question
of money printing 0.1 in normal
circumstances printing money creates
bank reserves so some of you are already
lost but just stick with me
this would throw the Fed Funds interest
rate off target so normally you can't do
that so the first point is in a normal
situation you couldn't just print money
so that's what I've been saying
here's however now the interest rates
are at zero and they might even be
negative pretty soon this does not
matter the Fed could print and not alter
the Fed Funds rate and again you know
most of you are not going to be a little
follow that if the Treasury does not
issue bonds to mop up those reserves the
supply of bank reserves lowers the Fed
Funds rate and again you know just the
only thing I want you to get in at that
technical part is that this is somebody
who knows what they're talking about now
I can't fact check it because I don't
know enough of the context to know if
any of this is wrong but sounds like he
knows we was talking about he's looked
into it the buying and selling the bonds
modulates the Fed Funds rates to be on
target alright point two neither China
nor any other country has to buy our
printed money so it's not a debt
obligation we're not we're not borrowing
money from China which you'll see on TV
people say we are but that's not what
this is first because it does not have
to be issued in bonds second even if
we're even if it was insisted that it be
issued in bonds the Fed could buy them
so I guess the Fed can buy her own death
as any ghost the Bank of Japan owns most
of the Japanese government bonds so your
government can issue a debt and then
just buy it so I could just basically be
its own debt I guess and the US banking
system could do it with regulators
agreement alright so I guess you need
some regulator agreement to do that
sounds doable
all right so he says normally printing
money creates inflation because it
creates demand without supply this is an
exception which is what I've been saying
we're in an exceptional period the
captioners due to debt inflation here we
have to get into the paradox of thrift
so it starts getting more complicated
bla bla second brief banks great money
when they lend that okay there's more a
little stick out of it I'll get out of
the lower detail but the point of it all
is that this is someone who does seem to
understand all the mechanisms of the
system and is agreeing with the one
point which is there might be something
about this specific situation there
might be the one time you can print five
trillion dollars isn't that weird
now where did who saw that coming could
any of could anyone see coming that we
could just print money well surprise me
alright and that is mostly what I wanted
to talk about I'd like to just an update
on yesterday I mentioned that the locals
platform they're moving some of my other
content to extra content you'll still
this will still keep going on as always
the periscopes but I'll be putting some
extra stuff including these locals but I
said so much traffic there I crashed
their server so if you tried to go there
yesterday and it didn't load that was my
fault I said it's not a few hundred
thousand people there all at once and it
crashed it for a few minutes so just
give it a you know if you try it again
today it was probably fine I'm sure yeah
and the only people I see weighing in on
the question of printing money are
people saying yeah you can you
absolutely can print money right now all
right
Snickers update she is resting
comfortably my dog yeah she's on pain
pills and the pain pills are masking the
pain well enough that she doesn't seem
to be in discomfort so she seems happy
the hard part is keeping her non active
which
it's not easy alright and thank you for
subscribing today
alright let's all watch this Sorento
story watch it for two things one to see
if it gets reported on CNN this is it or
any place else because if it you know if
it's on Fox News and then you never see
it anywhere else well you know judge the
credibility based on that alright thanks
so much for those of you did good locals
and I will talk to you tonight and yes
there's a link to the article on my
Twitter