bum bum bum bum bum hey everybody come
on in here this is a special periscope
on one topic that topic is me saving the
whole world in the context of climate
change
now you could you could look at this two
ways I'm either saving us from doing
something that is the wrong thing or I'm
saving us from doing nothing and that's
the wrong thing but whatever the right
thing is I'm gonna save you from doing
the wrong thing and here's the context
we live in a world where smart people
are telling us that we have a disaster
looming in the terms of the climate and
if we don't act really aggressively were
in big trouble as a species at the same
time a huge chunk of the world simply
doesn't believe it so that's your
problem
youie that we need to figure out do we
really have a problem with climate
change or are we just being persuaded
that we do and I've had a realization
that some of you saw in my earlier
periscope but I'm gonna break it down to
you in a way that I believe quite
literally could solve this problem
because it's not a science problem
it's a persuasion problem and no matter
what you think is the underlying truth
you would have to agree that half of the
country or something like that has been
persuaded in the wrong direction
whichever direction you think is the
wrong direction there are a lot of
people on it and I'm going to suggest a
way to solve it and we're going to do
that by teaching you a little bit about
persuasion so you're going to learn
something no matter what one rule of
persuasion that's totally important is
that you need to talk to people in the
language that they're that they
understand you can't talk to people in
your own language
you have to talk to them in the language
that they speak and I've identified that
that might be the lar
just problem with the with the debate is
that people are not talking to the
people that they're trying to persuade
in the language that persuades and
they're going to give you the concrete
example of that it looks like this there
are three pillars of climate change
persuasion that you see the most the
hockey stick graph the prediction models
and the 97% of climate scientists agree
but here's the problem that is an
argument that speaks in the language of
some people but is anti persuasive to
another group of people and it looks
like this now these are just proxies for
people who think the same way but if
you're young let's say in your 20s or
your teenager or you're a journalist and
somebody shows you the hockey stick
graph you say to yourself
that looks pretty persuasive why
wouldn't why wouldn't you believe it it
comes from credible scientists they show
you their work they show you the data
totally persuasive show any hockey stick
graph to someone who is older or has
business experience and what will be
their first reaction prior to
even hearing about the climate change
argument it was widely famously known
and universally known among the business
people that when anybody shows you a
powerpoint graph on any topic whatsoever
and it's got a hockey stick shape you
automatically assume they're lying or
they're persuading you a bunch of
 so if you're older and you've
seen a lot of certainty before that
turned out to be wrong you've seen for
example that scientists were all on the
same side of climate and of nutrition
for years and we're completely wrong
about what is good nutrition you saw
that they were unified thinking that
stress caused ulcers and they were all
wrong the experts said that the year
2000 bug
would be cataclysmic they were all wrong
we saw all the experts say that we would
reach peak oil they were all wrong so
pretty much people who are older and
experienced have seen this pattern
before and if you show them the hockey
stick they're automatically primed to
think your life because the hockey stick
is the most famous symbol of lying in
the corporate world would you know that
if you were young if you were 18 that
you've never had a job would you be
aware that the hockey stick graph is
literally a symbol of life in the
corporate world you probably didn't know
that right a lot of you didn't know that
and by the way look at the comments and
you'll see that the people have business
experience are all going to confirm that
no matter what the topic is if somebody
shows you a hockey stick graph that's
your first reaction
because it usually is let's go to the
prediction models if you're young or
you're a journalist and the best
scientists in the world come to you and
say we've done these complicated
prediction models and they're looking at
80 to 100 years and we think these are
very useful and they tell the story and
a lot of them are lining up the same way
they hindcast perfectly meaning that the
models you know do fit with the past and
for the last several years they claim
you might argue this but they'll claim
that the that the predictions have been
accurate therefore this is good evidence
if you're young or you're a journalist
that's pretty persuasive now go to
somebody who's older or has business
experience and you say I have a
complicated multivariable model going
out 80 years what's the first reaction
 doesn't even matter what topic
you're talking about
doesn't matter if it's climate change or
financial prediction it doesn't matter
what it is if somebody says they have a
complex
gated multivariable model that goes out
for years now remember I'm
talking about persuasion I'm not talking
about the underlying truth it could be
true that climate change has all the
risk that the scientists are telling us
that could be true but the way it's
presented is as if it's a lie to these
people to these people is completely
persuasive let's do another one
97% agree if you're young or you're a
journalist and you hear that 97% of the
people working in this field agree on
the same conclusion that's very
persuasive very persuasive go into a
meeting with a bunch of experienced
business people and tell them that 97%
of climate scientists agree
what are those experienced
businesspeople say really yeah you're
you're that accurate 97% and what did
the smart one say is there any
difference between what the smartest
scientist say and the not-so-smart
scientist say can you really measure it
can you can you convince me that
somebody really talked to the right
people right there's something about
this claim that's just automatically
fishy to an experienced business person
so here's my point the three most
accessible persuasion facts and
accessible means that you don't have to
be a scientist to understand the general
idea so if somebody's arguing about you
know radiation and forcings and the
troposphere most people can't follow
that so the scientific arguments are not
persuasive because we we just don't know
so instead these arguments are used in
the scientists who bring them out are
probably closer to this category
themselves in other words these are
arguments that the scientist presumably
would find convincing and therefore they
use it to try to convince others but
here's the problem
they're not speaking the same language
as the people they're trying to persuade
the people they're trying to persuade in
many cases they don't have to be older
or business experience in business but
they think a similar way these people
see these things as anti persuasive in
other words they're literally the
opposite of persuasive they will talk
you out of believing it if you use these
so how do we solve this the very first
thing we need to do is understand that
we're talking different languages to
different populations and if you're
talking these three things and trying to
convince people who have business
experience you can't get there from here
these things will never be persuasive to
people with business experience and
that's a lot of people so what do you do
I've got a suggestion starts with this
question it's the question we should all
be asking on the question on the topic
of climate what would it take to change
your mind what would it take to change
your mind
now the reason that that's a good
persuasion question is that people like
to be consistent so people who have an
opinion whether you know they're afraid
of climate risk or they're not they're
not likely to want to change their
opinion even if you give them good
evidence right even the facts the
argument it doesn't change people's
opinion because they like to stay pus
stay consistent with what they said
before now that's not the only thing
going on here but it's an important one
so one of the ways around that is to ask
somebody what would it take to change
your mind now the clever part about this
is that once you've answers that
question and let's say you said okay if
you could demonstrate this to me I will
change my mind now they have two
consistencies not just one the first
consistency is I want to keep the same
opinion I used to have but the second
one that you've introduced is that
they've committed in writing or verbally
to change the mind if a certain specific
test is met
now they have two things that they have
to be consistent with and sort of a tie
this gives people the freedom to change
their mind and still be consistent
because they would be consistent with
their statement that if you prove this X
whatever X is I will change my mind so
they have something they can be
consistent with alright I'll tell you
mine so here's what it would take to
convince me that climate change is you
know a catastrophic problem that we have
to do everything we can as soon as
possible to deal with it my choice for
the top skeptic is Tony Heller I want to
be very clear that I don't know
if anything he says is true I don't know
I do know that I've been looking at a
lot of skeptical arguments and I find
him the most persuasive across the the
biggest range of topics in climate
change so I've asked him for his top
five what are the top five arguments
that that you you would die on you know
what Hillary you die on you know what's
your top five because you don't want to
play whack-a-mole forever you don't want
to debunk a few things and then have him
just go to the sixth thing and the
seventh thing you want to say look what
are the top five that if they can be
debunked you'll give up and say okay I
was just kidding not really just kidding
but you know what I mean
secondly it has to be an iterative
iterative debate meaning that it won't
be enough to hear what Tiffany says and
it won't be enough to hear what the
climate scientists say in in return you
need to iterate it enough times that you
feel you've exhausted the argument for
just five items and then here's the
other key I won't be convinced unless
the last part of the exchange is Heller
and he still doesn't convince me so this
is very much like a criminal trial where
the defense gets to talk last because
whoever he goes last is going to have an
so there's an advantage for going first
and there's an advantage for going last
but if the argument iterates let's say
there's a climate claim there's what
Tony Heller says is wrong about it then
the climate scientists say no Tony got
that wrong here's why then he goes in so
that's iterative but however long that
is whether it's two iterations or three
iterations I need to be convinced under
the condition that the skeptics goes
last and if you can if you can meet this
test I'm all-in on climate change being
a huge problem is there anybody else who
would be with me on this is there
anybody else I'm not sure you've done
the work - now who is your your favorite
skeptic but I think the top five that
Tony comes up with will be a pretty
solid group that I saw the group of of
points that would be common to other
scientists who are skeptics as well now
looking at the comments and a lot of you
say you're hidden you're in you're in
now who knows if this will work
I have asked Tony for his top five I
will publish them and I will open it up
for scientists to comment or even non
scientists to give us links that debunk
what Tony said and we'll keep it up
there we'll keep it alive for a while
we'll iterate a few times just on the
top five we're not going to introduce
new topics and then Heller is going to
go last when we think we've exhausted
the topics and then I'm gonna let you
know if it changed my mind all right so
I'm just gonna summarize for those of
you joining us late if you want to
persuade you have to talk in the
language of the person you're trying to
persuade not the language you would like
to talk in and if you're talking to
business people or people who have been
around for a while the least persuasive
things you could say is look at my
hockey stick graph because that's
literally a symbol of lying in the
corporate world literally a hockey stick
graph is a symbol of a lie in the in the
corporate world probably not in the
science world but in the corporate world
it is prediction models are a symbol of
a lie as are saying everybody agrees
just gives you reasons to question that
so that's that's my larger point is the
reason that we can't agree is that the
scientists and the journalists let's
let's call them a team they're speaking
their own language they're not speaking
the language of the people they're
trying to persuade so to get past that
will do the Tony Heller test and by the
way this is the first time he's hearing
about it he knows that I asked him for
his top five and that I want to publish
that but it's the first time you started
this argument so to get past it
just five top claims from the top
skeptic as in my opinion the top most
persuasive skeptic which doesn't mean
he's right about anything it only means
that I've looked at all the skeptics
and he seems to be the most convincing
even if it's not right so we'll find out
so that's my test if he if Tony can can
prevail and his top five criticisms of
the climate consensus then I'm going to
be a skeptic and if he does not prevail
I'm gonna come down hard on the opinion
that there's something big to worry
about I should tell you for those who
don't know I am genuinely undecided and
I think that's pretty rare and I'm
genuinely undecided because both sides
seem to be lying to me
the critics that I've looked at a lot of
them have such transparently bad
arguments that they're not credible
likewise since I'm older and I have
business experience when I look at the
top arguments for climate science
they're packaged as a fraud which
doesn't mean they're a fraud it probably
is more of an indication that the people
packaging it don't know how to package
it to be persuasive to this population
that's probably what's going on but I
don't know that's what we'll find out
all right that's my solution to fix the
world and by the way if I come down on
the position after all this if I come up
with the opinion that climate change is
a huge problem as the experts are
warning us I'm gonna start persuading on
the topic of generation 4 safe nuclear
power probably the only way to get to a
quick quick enough fix to make a
difference for those of you don't know
generation 4 are the types of designs
that do not melt down so there the risk
of a nuclear disaster are essentially
zero
maybe nothing zero but they're designed
so that everything can go wrong and is
still won't melt down that's the new
designs so we'll talk about that later
but I don't need to unless I'm convinced
climate science is the the problem that
the experts say that's all for now I'll
keep it short and tight and I'll talk to
you later