[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization and
certainly your entire life if you'd like
to take this experience up to levels
that nobody can even understand all you
need for that is a coer marar a glass a
tank of CH Stein a canteen Jugger flask
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquor with I like coffee and
join me now for the unpar little
pleasure the dopamine of the day thing
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and happens now
go oh that's good
stuff we got good lighting we got sound
we got
stories you know what that makes this a
good Friday yeah happy Good Friday
everybody are you all celebrating by how
do you celebrate Good
Friday I'm not entirely really sure how
you celebrate something like that do you
go out and get nailed I don't know but
there must be some
way well if you were subscribing to
dilver reborn yesterday you would have
seen squatters take over Ted's
cubicle and uh if you subscribe today
you would see Dilbert getting in trouble
for sending a spicy meme to
Ireland now a question for you how many
of you know that that's a funny setup
this is sort of a general news question
how many of you know that the idea of
sending a spicy meme to Ireland could be
trouble yeah this is probably a
5center maybe 5% of people would know
that that's a problem the background of
course is that Ireland has censorship
laws and if dilbur sends a spicy meme to
somebody in Ireland and they make the
mistake of opening
it they could go to
jail do I have that
wrong they could go to jail right
because they they've got censorship laws
so I think just opening a meme could put
you in great Peril I'm not sure so it's
sort of a it's sort of a cartoon
exaggeration but is it but is it an
exaggeration actually I don't know but
the fact that I don't know if it's an
exaggeration is alarming
enough all right some of you might know
that uh an interview dropped with zubie
and me uh I'm hearing good things about
it people seem to enjoy it so if you
want to see me talking to zubie at my
house um we we recorded it several weeks
ago but it just dropped so look for that
you can find it in zub's feed or my feed
or just just search for zuie and me and
you'll find it how many of you saw the
clips or maybe saw the show of Coleman
Hughes appearing on The
View did did that get around anybody say
that I highly recommend it you just
watch the clip don't watch the whole
show but just search for Coleman Hughes
and the view so Coleman Hughes uh who
for the purpose of this story you need
to know is black um appeared on The View
and he's got a new book out oh I'm such
an idiot I didn't I didn't write down
the name of his
book does everybody remember the name of
his book because I shouldn't talk about
him when he's on a book tour without
mentioning the name of the book name of
the book is somebody will tell me in the
comments well damn it anyway the the
topic is about race and how we treat it
Etc and Coleman has a view that is
different from the view and uh I
recommend his book he's getting a lot of
attention for it and if you base it on
the interview it looks like it'd be
really interesting so look for Coleman
Hughes in his new book whose name is
what's it
called the end of race politics it's
called the end of race politics
Arguments for a colorblind America so
the argument for a colorblind
America there it is all right it's being
pasted in the comments good
so here's what I want you to look about
um I'm I'm not going to talk so much
about his topic because read his book if
you want to know more but just know that
there was a uh fairly huge disagreement
between the view people and Coleman but
here's what I want I want you to look at
if you if you look at the clip watch how
he controls the
table you've seen a lot of clips of
people appearing on The View with views
that the the hosts did not agree with
what does it usually turn
into it just turns into a crapfest right
where everybody's talking over everybody
and everybody's like that didn't
happen and if you watch you'll find out
why watch Coleman Hughes how he controls
the table with people who disagree with
them it's it's masterful it's masterful
if you want to learn how to do it watch
him do it and I'll just call out some of
the things he does the first thing he
does and this is something I try to
teach
everybody probably one of the most
useful things you'll ever learn in your
life and and watch Coleman do it it's
just crazy how good he is it's you
control other people by your own actions
it's very much like Caesar the dog
whisper would would teach dog owners
that the dog is crazy because they're
crazy and if and you can control the
dog's energy by controlling your own but
also taking the dog for a vigorous walk
because they need it so it's all about
controlling energy so when Coleman comes
in and you could tell that there the
host are ready to jump on him and
disagree pretty vigorously he his
demeanor never changed from calm and
professional and so they couldn't get
out of their mode because it would look
crazy because he was so Cal and
professional
and you know communicated really well so
it looked like they were just like ready
for the fight and he never let them so
he never did uh I always talk about
pleading voice never use pleading voice
because that invites a fight pleading
voice goes like this well but everybody
don't you know that the statistics and
you know and people if they don't
realize and they're they're not looking
into it like I am and that sounds like
you're
pleading that's that's somebody who's
not confident in their own
opinion but if you watch Coleman he is
so confident in his
opinion that he never has to get into
pleading voice he never leaves matter of
fact and by never leaving matter of fact
this is what I found these are the
conclusions this makes sense because
this leads to that you completely shut
people
down and they will let you talk
as long as you let them also look for
him not overt talking them or
interrupting them he would let them
finish their thought and then they would
let him finish his thought because he he
you know set that example so if you want
to watch one person control uh four or
five others who I think there were four
or five at the table completely own the
table so take that lesson just watch his
mannerisms his demeanor and how he
doesn't let he doesn't let their
attitudes change his game his game is so
um so tight that they all had to play
his game it's really masterful you have
to watch it all right
um you know I used to argue that the
Second
Amendment one of its biggest uh benefits
besides self- protection is that it
could keep the Republic from being taken
over by bad
people and you know I never bought the
uh well you'd be fighting against nukes
with your gun so you're going to lose
you know I never thought the citizens
would get nuked and stuff I just thought
there would be too much too much guns
too many guns to actually just conquer
the country because the the real way
that people would resist is go after the
relatives of the bad people because the
relatives wouldn't be protected and
people don't want to lose all their
relatives so there is a weakness in the
system for the bad guys that they can't
protect all of their friends and it's a
world full of guns
so I'm modifying my opinion of that
because that opinion assumes the
Republic still exists when that was
always a fake I think the Republican the
Republic ended in the 60s and was
replaced with some kind of a permanent
Intelligence Officers ex Intelligence
Officers milit
AR Democrat sometimes Republican kind of
thing I would go with the there maybe
100 people who run the country you know
100 important people and which ones are
making decisions depends on what the
topic is so the ones who are the most
important for the Ukraine war is a
different set of people who are the most
important for whatever the other thing
is but everybody's got you know a
handful of people who are billionaires
powerful people and they can contr that
topic so so we're more like a
hoaxy because the citizens are are just
laboring under hoaxes they have no idea
what's going on ever and the the news
protects that whole situation but the
the chances of losing the Republic are
zero because we lost it decades ago I'm
not you know whatever we are has been
somewhat stable I'm not even sure it's
bad I don't know if our current
situation is worse than the Alternatives
or not because you know what would be
really
dangerous what would be really
dangerous really dangerous is if we were
a pure democracy and you let these
citizens vote on
everything that would be dangerous too
in a different way so maybe we're better
off being owned by a hundred smart
people who are trying to rob
us
um so uh Elon M says that uh grock 1.5
upgrade will be available next week but
the real one the one that's going to be
shocking he warns us will be the one
after that so grock 2 which is just
going into training says should exceed
current AI on all metrics all
metrics that is a hell of a claim now
one of the things that people have been
saying for a while is that um Tesla has
better training material because its
cars have been scooping up images and
experiences for a long time I don't know
where else they're training it but if if
musk is willing to say in public this
far ahead of time that grock 2 will beat
all the other AIS well first of all how
would he know
that uh the only way you would know that
is to know if his training material was
way better than other training material
I think because otherwise you wouldn't
know what's happening in the lab
somewhere but it's a pretty bold claim
um might be a little bit of hyperbole
but that could change everything it
might be maybe a month away or
something Russell Brand had a
fascinating um video I saw yesterday
on I I love this take I'm not going to
say that I agree with it
yet but he noticed a pattern that I had
not noticed and when you hear it just
keep an eye on it I don't think it
explains what we're seeing but it might
here's the here's the idea that a number
of
influencers uh who have been telling you
to avoid processed foods and that are
food source is poisoned they've all been
targeted for
cancellation but it's usually for
something unrelated to that and you
wonder is that a coincidence so RFK JR
says our food is poisoned and he's been
you know attacked
mercilessly um and the tape brothers are
all you know big about eating clean food
and they got taken down now now remember
all the reasons that people got taken
down have an element of Truth to them or
at least alleged
truth so I'm not saying that you know
everybody's innocent I'm just saying
that all the charges against all these
people they have the same quality about
them which is the charges are
weak for example the Andrew huberman
charges that he had some girlfriends
when he was single like they tried
really hard to take him down and all
he's doing is telling people you know
what's healthy and what isn't Russell
Brand himself was big on the food thing
he got taken down uh I continuously talk
about the food supply being poisoned I
got cancelled again there were external
reasons for all the cancellations
everyone had a reason but they all have
something common all the reasons have
something in common they're barely
true like you can make an argument for
them but they're all well really you got
canceled for that so um just look for
that pattern see if you can see a
pattern of people who complain about the
food
supply suspiciously are all getting
cancelled I don't know if that's a
coincidence so I'm going to be
open-minded about it at the moment
but could be that just a certain kind of
person who is outspoken is more likely
to get cancelled and maybe they talk
about the food supply because the people
who have adver advertisers can't so it
could be that just independent voices
are getting cancelled but the
independent voices are the only ones who
can say the food supply is dangerous
everybody else has to conform to their
advertisers I would
think all right Lex fredman had a
interesting point on X he said most
people who do believe evil who do evil
believe they're doing good do you think
that's a good generalization that most
of the people doing evil you know I'm
not talking about common criminals I'm
not talking about the face bunching
people they know they're doing evil but
the the government type people don't
they usually think they're doing
good if you talk to Democrats they say
they're the ones protecting the world
from you
right and if I talk to you you'd say
well I'm working hard to stop that
Democrat evil so which one of you is
right if they are perfectly smart
educated well-informed Democrats who
think you're the one who's
evil but you are also well informed and
educated and you've looked at the news
and you've decided they're evil how do
you know how do you know you're
right what what is the correct answer to
how do you know you're not the bad
one there's one correct answer do you
know what it
is do you know how you know you're the
good one I'm just looking for the right
answer in the
comments here here's the only correct
answer you don't yeah the only correct
answer is you don't not only do you not
there's no way to find out isn't that
weird you do not have any mechanism
whatsoever there's no tool there's no
logic there's no evidence there's no
research you can do to find out if
you're the bad one or the good
one you could easily tell the story of
the United States as the greatest evil
that has ever ever fell on the world how
hard would that be well first they
destroyed the Native
Americans right then there were huge
racist
country uh they dropped bombs on you
know Japan nobody would have done that
it was unnecessary then they overthrew
80 different countries with their CIA
apparently that's something we admit to
by the way or you know influencing 80
different countries and then there were
you know capitalist things we did and we
took their oil and we started Wars that
didn't need to be started and those wars
were prophit Wars you know Iraq was a
prophet war and Ukraine's a prophet war
and we helping Israel because uh you
know you can tell the Israel story as
either good or evil easily you can tell
every story as good or evil if it's a
country and a government
involved
so uh just keep that in
mind but here's why you can't tell
here's the main reason you can't tell
who's good or bad because you can't
predict the future
if you could predict the future you
might have a chance of knowing who's
good or bad and let me give you an
example so the United States does a
whole bunch of bad things you know
kicking out the Native Americans let's
put that at the top of the list oh and
then slavery and slavery don't forget
slavery right so so United States and
other you know other countries have done
terrible things too of course but if you
just look at the United States you'd say
wow that's some bad bad stuff but what
what about what about if in the long run
a powerful America with a constitution
and a set of values what if it ends up
keeping the world
safer because there's one entity that's
just bigger and better than the others
and very much like the CRI yeah I don't
know if this is true but they I always
heard that the street crime was lower in
Mafia controlled
neighborhoods it could be like that it
could be that you know United States is
like the mafia but we do keep the
streets a little safer than they would
have been ordinarily you know maybe we
do stop a
Hiller right which presumably is worse
than us so if you can't if you can't
predict the future you don't know if the
bad things you're doing which are
definitely bad you know let's say the
Native American situation you don't know
if in the long run you save 10 Billion
Lives because you built the structure
that could save lives capitalism you
know good economy save lives you don't
know you just don't know how yeah do you
do you invent um nuclear
fusion do do you invent all the
technologies that make the world good
and you know allow you to survive and
take you to another planet yeah I don't
know there's no way to net it down so
you actually can't tell if you're the
good guys or the bad
guys anyway let me give you a case in
point that you can't tell Larry David
was on CNN and uh he seemed to be
exhibiting some kind of mental health
problem called TDS now when I say that I
do not mean that in a
hyperbole you know political my team's
good your team's bad I don't mean that I
mean actually literally in my best
honest opinion and I love I love Larry
David as a you know performer and actor
and writer and all that
but he does look like he's just he's got
a mental health problem a very common
one because TDs is absolutely a mental
health problem there's no doubt about it
but he says talk about Trump he says
he's such a little baby that he's thrown
250 years of democracy out the
window in what world did that happen
where did the Democracy get thrown out
the
window imagine you live in his bubble
because you know a third of the country
does in that bubble Trump is the bad
guy so how do you write
history because someday somebody's going
to pick up a book and it's either going
to be Larry David's history in which
this evil Rose in the United States like
Hitler you know is he going to tell it
like like Germany tells the Hitler story
it's like well we were pretty good in
general but we had this one Hitler
period that is that is that the way the
history books will be who who gets to
write the history because it used to be
that the winners write history but now
the losers write it the losers literally
because it's the losers like
this who say things like this and
they're going to write your
textbooks um so two so first of all our
democracy was a republic second of all
the Republic almost certainly ended
around the 60s you know maybe earlier
but at least by the 60s so we haven't
been in anything like a
democracy so the first problem is he
thinks we we had something and we lost
it we didn't have that thing no we
didn't have something to lose nothing
got lost Trump tried to reclaim the
thing that had been lost since the 60s
that's why he's in so much trouble all
of the law fair is that he was the one
force that could maybe uncover some of
this Badness now he certainly uncovered
a lot of Badness
but uh um and
then uh he thinks that Trump is the
insane
one what
exactly would be a insane policy from
Trump can you name one certainly you can
name ones you disagree with right he's
Pro closing the Border other people say
no but which one is the crazy one he's
pro- Law and Order but other people say
let the criminals out
wait which one's the crazy one he he
thought the 2020 election was rigged in
the context of every single thing in our
world being
rigged who's the crazy one the person
who thinks that this is exactly like
everything else in the world or the one
who says that this is the one exception
to everything else in the world which is
clearly
rigged I don't know I'd say Trump was
the only reasonable person in the
conversation but you don't know because
if if it turned out well it it is insane
to say that you know the election was
fair it is double insane to say that
Trump knew it too that is actually
Insanity am I right saying that you
could tell whether the election was
rigged or
not it's something between stupid and
mentally
ill that's not something anybody could
know the system is designed so you can't
know who won it's very clearly designed
to limit our visibility so to say that
you can see the thing that is designed
so you can't see it is either
stupid or deeply
uninformed or mental
illness now that's and and by the way
I'm not giving you an opinion of whether
the election was you know fair or Rigg
you don't need it to know that if you
know it was it was fair that is a
problem with your brain some kind of
problem it's just hard to know which the
problem
is all right
so um there was this big fundraiser
where Biden was joined by Obama and uh
and B Bill Clinton and Pelosi was there
and raised a bunch of money and Joe
Biden stands between Obama and Pelosi
and tells the camera and they actually
allowed this video to be put out
that Trump recommended injecting
bleach with those words injecting bleach
Joe Biden stood in front of the world
between Nancy Pelosi and Obama who
clearly know that didn't happen that's
you know a hoax and Obama's standing
there you got to look at the picture
he's standing there looking Regal his
arms are crossed what was he
thinking when when Biden said that don't
you think Obama is not crazy and not
demented and he knew damn well that that
was the most
awkward
lie the second most awkward lie I think
also the fine people Oaks was brought up
by Biden does anybody tell Biden that
those aren't
real because I actually think Biden
doesn't know the difference but I don't
think Pelosi and Obama don't know the
difference they would just be either
quiet on it or lie about it let me ask
you
this has anybody ever seen Obama spread
the the drinking bleach
hoax because I haven't have
you has anybody seen it has anybody seen
Obama spread the fine people hoax once
it w he may have said it in the
beginning but once it was clearly
debunked
have you ever have you ever seen him say
it since
then do you know why you don't see Obama
saying those
things I don't think Obama has a track
record of saying things that are blatant
lies that have been debunked just like
total hoax does he can you give me an
example of one I'm sure I'm sure you'll
have an example one but what would be an
example of a
hoax that Obama knew was a hoax and
pushed it anyway
lying about the reason for for becoming
a public
defender but you talk about small little
things that maybe if you heard the
explanation it wouldn't be wrong after
all is
Memoir but are those
hoaxes no nothing like
this Trayvon Martin well Trayvon Martin
is more of a subjective situation you
you could spin the Trayvon Martin a
couple
ways but you really can't spin the fine
people hoax or the drinking bleach Hox
those are just lies that the media made
up so I think if you don't see I I think
Biden should be asked the question
somebody should ask Biden do you believe
not Biden I'm sorry somebody should ask
Obama because Obama's he's going to be
available right so Obama's going to be
available if you want to screw Biden ask
Obama if he believes the fine people
hoax and the drinking bleach hoax and
use the word hoax when you ask the
question pres uh Obama do you believe
that Trump recommended drinking bleach
or injecting
bleach well he'd probably say well you
know he shouldn't have been talking
about these T I bet he would just give
you a general answer I don't think he's
going to confirm it what if you said do
you think that Trump said that neo-nazis
are fine people or was he talking about
the people who just like keeping the
statues what would Obama say to
that would he debunk Biden's primary
campaign
platform would he or would he avoid the
question because I don't think Obama is
genetically capable of telling a lie
that
embarrassing see that Biden can tell
that lie because either doesn't know
what he's doing or he has no sense of
embarrassment but a normal person with a
normal sense of embarrassment so we're
not talking about swall well or shift or
any the turd caucus those guys will lie
about anything Obama actually is way
more clever than any of them which is
why he got became president twice
because he's not dumb he's not dumb and
I don't think he says something that
dumb so that would be a good wedge to
just ask him if he supports the hoaxes
and I feel sorry for anybody who
believes those idiots and uh if you do
your new sources have DED you that's
right we're turning that into a
verb if you believe those hoaxes it
means that your new sources they diddi
you you've been
diddi all right let's do an update on
the holes uh we've got to Haiti New
York City California Boston quite a few
 holes to cover we'll start with
Haiti um they think they need up to
5,000 police to tackle what they call
the catastrophic gang violence according
to a
un I'm very interested in what is going
to happen in Haiti I'll tell you what I
think is going to
happen I think the biggest criminal will
eventually gain control of the smaller
criminals and we might actually have
somebody to negotiate with because the
biggest criminal might be the biggest
power in the island and then you have
something to to
negotiate maybe there's something there
so we'll see it could be that the
criminals will you know see the trouble
is that nobody thought that the
government wasn't a
criminal is that
fair that nobody in Haiti thought the
government was anything but ill
legitimate so if the biggest criminal
ends up running the island I think we
could just go to him and sayl we have
the military muscle to kill you in 10
minutes but if you work with us to turn
it over into a democracy maybe we'll
give you some yeah maybe you get some
amnesty or something there might be a
way to go that's something that t that a
trump could fix that a Biden could
not there's only one president who could
talk to the leader of the biggest
criminal underworld in Haiti and work at
a deal am I right
just imagine if you will that the
biggest criminal in Haiti is invited to
the White
House everybody would scream blah blah
blah blah blah and you you know you
offer him protection you know we won't
arrest you while you're here because
Haiti is the bigger issue only only
Trump could do that and it might be that
doing the hard ugly dirty thing is the
only thing that helps maybe you got to
talk to the criminal maybe sometimes you
got to go to North Korea and have a
meeting in person with Kim
jongan maybe so only one president could
do that if it needs to get
done well meanwhile uh New York their uh
New York City's um solution to the crime
problem is to punish the
innocent they're going to punish the
innocent by making uh all this uh
searches and then there's going to be a
gun scanner that everybody has to go
through in the New York City
Subways
so if your Subway becomes you know 20%
worse isn't it only the innocent people
who got
punished it feels like it's just the
innocent
people so that's suboptimal there's yet
another New York City woman who was uh
punched in the face by a street person
quite injured broke a jaw lost some
teeth my God and here's my
question is this really a new
trend and how could it be are are the
street people who are punching people in
the face are they
copycats because I don't think they're
watching the news how would they even
know that anybody else did it or is it
is it one homeless person who's doing
all the
punching is it just one person and it
happened three or four times like what
exactly is going on cuz I don't see any
mechanism by which this could be a
copycat you know kind of a trend yeah
remember the knockout
game I don't even know if the knockout
game was real but the news used to talk
about that uh there would be videotape
of somebody just punching hard uh a
person who was just waiting for a bus
and knocking him out and it would just
be like a viral clip on Tik Tok or
something um maybe not Tik Tok
but I understand why that spread the
knockout game because it was a viral
video but are the homeless people are
they really watching the
news I don't see it so so the question I
have is number one were people always
randomly punched in the face and we just
didn't talk about it
before is it a statistical cluster where
it's a complete coincidence there's
there's just nothing behind it it's just
a coincidence maybe it'd be a weird
coincidence but you know coincidence do
happen they are
weird so I don't quite understand why it
would suddenly be happening and I don't
understand why it would be limited to
women because crazy Street people don't
they'll punch
anybody I've never heard this C crazy
Street people were specifically
targeting women you know more than the
sexual harassment stuff
but uh I don't know sucker punching men
has always been a thing as as you said
but maybe we're just noticing there's
something about this is that doesn't
line up do you agree would you agree
this whole face punching thing it
doesn't line up with what you understand
about the world and how it works so
there's something missing in the
story will we ever know I don't
know well St Louis uh the mayor of St
Louis mayor Tara Jones I guess she was
at a a meeting of black
Mayors
um why is there a meeting of black
Mayors why why is that
okay what's what's that all
about how can you be comfortable with
that you certainly couldn't have a
meeting of all the white
Mayors I mean even if it were a meeting
of all the Fem Mayors I'd still say
what like are you the ones who are
supposed to make us not think that way
shouldn't the job of a
mayor be to make sure everybody thinks
they're invited to
everything kind of really basic to the
whole mayor
situation wow but it gets worse so St
Louis mayor Tara Jones thinks that uh
because there's a lot of crime and let's
say convenience stores and other retail
places
that she has some idea to hold the
business owners
accountable for what
exactly so they're actually talking
about the business owner has
accountability for the crime against the
business owner does that mean that they
should do a better job of protecting
themselves because the government won't
what the hell does that even
mean now you might say because you're
racist the St Louis mayor is a you know
maybe a Dei hire is what you'd say and
then Joy Reed and others would say um
that's pretty
racist because apparently their new
thing is if you say Dei you really you
really mean the nword but you found a
clever way to say it that's what they're
saying now um
however um this is
what the price of Dei
is there are people in the world who
will start assuming automatically even
though they might not believe it totally
they're going to make a lot of noise
over the fact that if anybody black is
involved with anything you don't like
they're going to call it a Dei hire am I
right but here's the thing you can't
wish that away you can't wish it
away that's just part of the variable
that you're going to have to handle
because it's a terrible world and we all
live in it you don't get an option where
people don't say that so if you want
Dei just know the whole cost and it's
not even my preference I'm not I'm not
giving you any preference or opinion I'm
just describing the world you live in
the world you live in is that if Dei is
the Opera operating system of the world
then everyone who is non-black is going
to assume the black leaders of all kinds
you know managers politicians got there
because of their skin color and not
their
talent now that won't be true for you
know great number of people who got
their purely untalent and those people
are really going to be ill served
meaning that Dei is good for a certain
number of people if it helps them get a
job they wouldn't have gotten I I
question whether it does but all the
people who got it on Merit are going to
be worse off but we can't pretend that
doesn't exist I mean the attitude about
it doesn't exist and there's nothing
that's going to change that nothing will
change that you've created a situation
where um the
division of races has to get worse it
has
to now how would anybody not know that
well Democrats are people who don't know
how entire systems work they look at
goals hey wouldn't it be good to have
you know less uh less racism sure it
would be
good but you have to look at the outcome
of your plan and the outcome of the plan
is guaranteed and it's not going to
change as long as there's Dei people are
going to assume their working assumption
which won't always be right their
working assumption is that there's
something wrong with the quality of
leaders who got there under a Dei
umbrella it's going to be assumed and
it's not going to change
all right you could have wanted to
change but it's not going to all right
the FBI has decided
to um not let anybody look at any of the
Whitey Bulger files anymore I guess
there's a lot more classified stuff
normally you might have access to them
after sometime so if you don't know the
story Whitey Bulger is the uh big
underworld um criminal guy from Boston
for many
years who was protected by the FBI
because he was an informant
but he did many many Terrible
Things um yeah let's let's not use that
word if you don't
mind in the in the locals
feed yeah let's not do that
okay because that that's not helping
anybody don't do anything that doesn't
help anybody like if it helped you
somehow at my expense at least that
would make sense but if you're doing
 that can only be bad for you it can
only be bad for me and it can only be
bad for the other people on the feed
just don't say it just do me a favor and
just leave it in your
head right um
so all right the nword yeah yeah we we
just don't need the nword here it's just
a distraction you know I I understand
that you know you want to have absolute
free speech and I understand that locals
is the Free Speech place but there's
also a
preference we also have a preference not
not to be exposed to it because it's not
good for the brand it's not good for
locals it's not good for me it's not
good for anybody so maybe maybe T back
on
that
um so why would why would the FBI want
to bury this Whitey builder stuff when I
believe he's dead and seems like public
should have access to that well Mike Ben
suggests that one possibility is that um
there there are news reports New York
Post for example that said mobster
Whitey bulger's nephew played a role in
here it is Hunter Biden's Chinese
business
ventures so there's some kind of
connection between Whitey
buer and Hunter Biden and now the FBI is
closing the Whitey buer files from the
public now I don't know if those are
connected but why is it that every time
something suspicious happens it has some
kind of you know obvious alternative
possibility that's just sort of sitting
there right in your face so I'm not
going to say there's anything to that
connection but we got
questions California being a Democrat
state is trying to find any way it can
to destroy life in in this state and the
newest thing is uh California is
starting to return land stolen land they
would
say
um so there's been at least one case
where some land that was stolen from
black citizens early black citizens of
California in what we do understand to
be completely illegal racist ways in the
past uh were recently
returned so there's actually a case
where some black family had owned I
think it was Beach property somewhere
and it was just stolen like literally
just stolen you know there's a longer
story but
stolen and The Descendants got it
back now you could certainly see in a
story like that where there's a specific
person a specific piece of property and
some living relatives and the story is
well known that it was stolen from them
I can see that one right you you could
make a case for that of course
but the problem is extending that to the
indigenous um people now was the land
stolen from the indigenous people in
California yeah
probably I don't know how else you look
at it yeah but it's also true that all
land is stolen at this point right maybe
maybe the first settlers of America
didn't steal it cu the animals were here
first or something but yeah pretty much
at this point everybody's on somebody
else land that got stolen so if you want
to destroy California we would do more
of this because at some point it goes
from a really clean easy story where
most people would say you know what that
does look like you should give that land
back to that black family's descendants
that just fixes the wrong but you very
easily get into impractical territory
where everybody's claiming everything
and there's just nothing you can do so
if you want to destroy the state of
California well that's a good way to do
it so of course we're doing it of course
were you aware that the stolen land
problem was also a big issue with the
Japanese internment for World War
II how many of you knew
that this is a case of the nons squeaky
wheel not getting any oil at all now I
only know about it because I know people
personally so I know personally I know a
family where the family uh went to the
tment camps and they owned land before
they went and when they returned guess
what the uh the whoever you register
land with in the government they had
been bribed and they just changed the
ownership on the records and now the
people came back and they own nothing
imagine owning five acres in California
and you think you own it you get out of
your internment camp and you say finally
my long nightmare is over
and you come back and you've got
nothing nothing clothes on your back
that's what happened to my ex's family
so I used to uh had a long relationship
with a Japanese American woman so her
her brother was in the camp because she
had a much older brother he was born in
the
camp her her parents owned a good piece
of land in California and when they came
back they owned
nothing so they started over with um
they stayed with some people who had you
know room to stay and they built it back
so by the time I knew the family they'd
actually built it all back and they had
land again but it wasn't wasn't their
original land they had to they just had
to do it all over start over now do you
think that if somebody's
alive and their land was stolen they
should get it back
yes yes that was pretty clean that
that's as clean as you can get this used
to be mine they changed the name on it I
was in an internment camp you know the
height of evil yes yes but the trouble
is when you start extending it Beyond
The Living the people who have living
memory of the event uh that's I guess I
would be my rule if there's anybody
alive who still has a living memory I
would you know even if it's The
Descendants so like if you're the grand
kid but you remember the story you know
you were around when it happened that's
good
enough but if nobody's alive and several
Generations have going by I think you
have to treat that
differently all right Trump is doubling
down on bloodbath you know he got all
that push back for saying there's a
bloodbath blah blah blah but he was
using it about the car industry but now
he's uh he's used it about the border
and Grand Rapids I guess he has an event
and the publicity says it he's going to
be talking about the quote border blood
bath so he's just he basically knows he
won that new cycle so he's just prodding
them to see if they'll give him a second
new cycle he can win well I won that
first time you brought up that blood
bath thing you want to go a second round
let me use it in a different context see
if that gets you
going to me that's just funny it's just
funny that he's goating his his
opponents that way he's the best trash
talker
ever well the news tried to make a story
out of the fact that on the very same
day that Trump went to honor the Fallen
police officer who was killed by an
illegal person people are not
illegal actually I agree with that I
don't like calling people
illegal it better to say that the Act
was illegal
um do you think it's a story that Trump
was honoring a fallen police officer at
the same time that Biden was selfishly
raising
money yeah why is that a
story yeah just the fact that happened
the same
day the the the fact that uh both of
them are nakedly political acts should
tell you that it doesn't make any
difference that happened
all right so I don't think that's a real
news story but we tried to make it into
one um as uh the Alx account on X uh
reported that on paper anyway Donald
Trump is now richer than Mark
cubin now but it's not real Mark Mark
Cuban's wealth I believe is you know
solid businesses and assets and stuff
like that so Cubans is probably close to
something um real whereas the Trump
wealth at least you know more than half
of it is based on his recent uh stock
windfall but it's only on
paper as others have said the underlying
business does not seem to be worth its
current evaluation based on income but
people are propping up the stock because
they want to support Trump and it worked
now if Trump were to sell his stock
after he gets past the lockup period um
would it
crash well I suppose it would depend how
much he sold if he sold a
portion maybe not if he did something
that his supporters didn't like they
might just sell it on their own just say
ah screw them but we have the weirdest
situation I've ever seen in finance and
politics at the same time I've never
seen a situation where the public
apparently and this could change in a
minute right by the time I'm done
talking it could have already changed
but the public seems to have decided
they're going to keep that stock propped
up I believe even people who have made
substantial
gains probably just going to keep their
money there because it's not about the
gains it it was always about
supporting supporting something like a
real Democratic process so people still
have the optimism that Trump can turn
things around so it's all about trying
to save the country and um did what
what's the stock doing today the djt
stock anybody have a second screen open
I think it went down a little bit
yesterday after having its massive runup
but only down a little
bit all right so give me give me an
update on
that all right so I think I told you
yesterday that I plan to buy some shares
now it's not a recommendation because I
can't even think of a stock that would
be riskier than that I literally I
literally can't think of any stock that
would be riskier than that stock but I'm
going to buy
some and I'm going to do it for just
political reasons I'm doing it simply as
a show of support and wouldn't that be
cool if you know it went up in value but
I wouldn't expect it to so I'll probably
put in I don't know ,000
you know something I can afford easily
and
um it'll it'll just make me uh oh it's
closed because of Good Friday okay good
Friday sorry did it close early or
wasn't open did they just close early or
it never opened closed all
day I was 78 now it's 7 to 60 somebody
said all right we we'll keep an eye on
that um somebody needs to ask Joe Biden
this question that would end his
campaign are you ready a question that
would end Joe Biden's campaign if
somebody asked it to a minut it became
you know
viral uh why don't you support immediate
reparations because you know what do you
know what Biden's opinion on reparations
is who knows what his opinion is how
many of you even know his opinion on
reparations here's what's
funny he said that he's in favor of
studying it so sort of the Nome approach
so studying it means that you're not
committing one way or
another and that is his soft
underbelly imagine how easy it is to
spin this so Mr President uh why don't
you agree with reparations well you know
I'm totally in favor of studying it
follow-up
question if you're in favor of studying
it do I interpret that correctly as you
saying that on the surface it's not
obvious that reparations are a good
idea and then he says well we don't know
if it's a good idea or not we should
study it and then you say but what I'm
hearing is there would be no reason to
study it if you knew that it was a good
idea the only thing you'd be studying is
the and the mechanism for paying it is
that what you're studying well you know
we should study everything H but it
seems to me that you're saying that you
won't commit to reparations being a good
idea and that's
it because it's very easy to paint him
as being opposed to reparations because
he's opposed to
reparations do do his supporters know
he's opposed to them he's done a very
weasly thing that Nome did by saying
you'll study
it that's very convenient and run out
the clock I'll bet he if he wins
re-election I'll bet he'll study it for
oh I don't know four years and then run
out the
clock and if you said to him is studying
the same as a thing is running at the
clock so you'll be out of office and you
don't have to deal with it see that's
the way you ask the question but he
doesn't really do press events anymore
not not
really but you could ask uh you could
ask the spokesperson to answer that and
you know how she would answer
it uh the president said he would study
it I have no more on that well but
doesn't that mean that he's not in favor
of it because you wouldn't need to study
it if you were in favor of it and it was
obvious why you'd be in favor of it and
then she would say
Peter
duy I can't talk to you anymore get out
of my
world all right Sam bankman freed got 25
years in prison uh do you know why he
was
sentenced do you know why he was
sentenced it ran out of
money
boom that is the reason he ran out of
money if if he could still fund the
Democrat Party and be their top donor he
wouldn't be in
jail it's just they didn't have any
money anymore so no good to anybody so
they threw him under the bus that's my
take my take is that we don't really
have a justice system that treats
everybody the same and there's no way
they would treat the biggest donor to
the
Democrats unless he could never again
donate to the Democrats because he
already got caught
so throwing him under the
bus all right Baltimore mayor Brandon
Scott is accusing his critics so he's
he's the mayor of the place where the
cargo ship hit the bridge and lot of
conservatives were saying call him the
Dei
mayor which is totally unfair and I I
don't endorse that uh there's no
indication of any race related problem
with anything that happened with the
cargo ship you all agree with that
right there's no indication that it was
any variable whatsoever you all agree is
is there anybody disagrees with that
based on what we know right and just
based on what we know who who saw any
evidence that there was some kind of Dei
problem all right so I'm going to give
you opinions that sound like opposite
opinions number one
I'm not aware of anything that would
suggest that race had anything to do
with
anything however as a working assumption
perfectly
reasonable because you don't know either
way you don't know if it was because
there's no evidence it was but we do
live in an environment in which people
are massively over promoted based on
race that's just a fact I saw some push
back on that and I agree with the push
back because there's no evidence that
race had anything to do with it none
zero so I agree with the push back but
here's where the push back needs to
end there was some there I saw an
opinion from a black influencer saying
that he was elected so it wasn't a Dei
situation because he was elected by the
people to which I asked the following
question would a white person have ever
been
elected in that
situation I doubt it because the
population you know is largely black so
it seems to me that he got he he got
elected in part because race in
part now do you think that Obama got
elected in part because of
race
obviously you won like over 90% of the
black vote of course obviously even even
I supported him because of race directly
and publicly I actually said in public
you know he seems qualified
enough you know I didn't know how things
were going to turn out you you might say
I was wrong about my prediction I
wouldn't argue with you but he seemed
qualified enough he seemed like a
standard you know sort of middle of the
road Democrat not the worst thing in the
world and and he seemed qualified smart
I thought I thought he
I thought he ran the presidency in a way
that showed he had the capability to be
a president for sure even if you don't
like what he
did but clearly race was part of him
getting elected because even people like
me said well it'd be nice to get to get
the black president thing over with I
felt I felt like it would be a healing
thing like well let's show that we can
get past that let's show that we're
above Race and we can prove it by having
a black president didn't help at
all probably my worst prediction of all
time that that having a black president
would would have a permanent you know
benefit going forward to reduce the
feelings of racism it had the exact
opposite effect so I I could not have
been more wrong about that could not
have um so I think that uh it would be
un to call the mayor a d mayor but it's
not unfair to assume that you can't
tell is that
fair if he were
white uh you might say to yourself well
that's an amazing feat to get elected in
Baltimore being a white
guy but
um otherwise you can't tell now that's
that's the crime against black
Americans to me it's a terrible crime to
put a successful capable black man in
the position of other people wondering
if you got there on the
merits is that's
disgusting like you wouldn't want that
you wouldn't want anybody to suffer
that
um and by the way you know I have some
personal experience with that do you
know how many times I've been publicly
accused publicly on social Etc of only
getting promoted in my corporate job
because I was
white when of course it was the opposite
I lost both my corporate jobs for being
white directly they told me they told me
directly
so can't tell who the good guys are and
the bad
guys uh looks like Thomas Massie is uh
reporting that the leadership of
Congress is planning to attach the
Ukraine Aid to an Israel Aid Bill do you
know why they're doing that
because uh people can't say no to
Israel but they can say no to Ukraine so
if you attach them together you trick
people into saying yes to something that
they want to say no
to so as Thomas Massie points out that's
a little bit
swampy how about they should all be
fired my my opinion is anybody who votes
for a combined Ukraine Israel bill I
don't care if they're Republican or
Democrat they need to go that if you if
you put those things together and you
thwart the will of the people with your
little
trick I don't care if you're a
Republican or a Democrat you need to go
yeah you need to go don't care what who
you are don't care if you were popular
10 minutes ago you got to go that that's
grounds for removal it won't happen but
should
so Putin said something interesting he
said that uh you it would be crazy for
him to even consider going to war with
NATO now he he of course thinks NATO is
basically the United States so he says
this in Russian and translated he said
the US's spending on defense is about
40% of global defense
spending that's a lot for one country
40% of the global spending is United
States He said
uh
uh all right he said Russia accounts for
3.5% of global expense now I don't know
if that's
true but here's the next points point he
makes with that kind of ratio uh he said
that going imagining that him going to
war with ra with NATO would be just
nonsense all right let's read between
the lines a little bit did he just say
that the only reason to not go to war
with NATO is that he would
lose is that what he said is that the
only reason not to have a war with NATO
that you might lose I I wish he had said
it a different way as in there's no way
I'm going to go to war with NATO because
it wouldn't be necessary or um I don't
want to pick that fight there be a lot
of ways to say it other than they're
bigger than
me you know now the fact that they're
bigger than him does you know make me
think that he's a rational player and he
put it in rational
terms that is one thing I do appreciate
about Putin as a you know a
leader I do like the fact that when he
explains things he does it in just
rational terms with no no imaginary
stuff connected you know he's got his
you know opinion about the history of
Russia and stuff but that seems you know
reasonable for who he is and what he's
doing but there's another thing here
have I told you that uh war and economy
are the same
thing because the the country that's
going to win the war is almost always
the one with the most money because they
usually have the best military and if
they don't they can get friends who have
a big military to defend them because
they have so much money you know if they
have a lot of money they're probably
doing a lot of trade and you know they
can they can bribe people who have
militaries and all kinds of stuff so
Putin very uh in his own way is really
pointing out that uh winning wars is
about
economics now look at Ukraine versus
Russia now it makes sense Ukraine had
less economic wherewithal except for
direct Aid and Russia had far more than
Ukraine so that was a
sensible plan you know evil of course
but
sensible in the sense that he thought he
could win that or win enough of it to
call it a
victory uh I think the massive Aid and
new weapons surprised him a little bit
but he was right on the fact that he had
the bigger military and he's going to
get the he'll get the better outcome you
know it might be short of a total
Victory well there are discussions now
about how to fund the security of a
post-war Gaza
and the United States apparently is
talking about maybe we would put in some
money or some people uh but better it
would be an inter a multinational Force
looking over
Gaza uh without US troops on the ground
would be the best I mean the last thing
we want is to put American soldiers in
Gaza I can't think of anything I'd want
less than that can you would would that
be about would sort of be the the peak
of bad ideas to put American troops on
the ground in Gaza for anything it would
be the peak of bad ideas so we might do
it of course because we do all the bad
ideas but a multinational Force makes
sense uh because I don't think Israel
dominating Gaza directly makes
sense oh my God I just had to I just had
the best
idea or maybe it's the
worst I know let me try it out it's
fresh no I can't say that oh God I don't
have enough free speech to say what I
want to say I just realized if I say it
the way I wanted to say
it I get canceled again so I'm going to
say um believe it or not there's still
some you know there's some rails you
don't want to step on and Israel is the
biggest one so let me say this in a way
that uh doesn't get me
assassinated
um the the people who live in Gaza I
assume are two types the hardcore
supporters of the
terrorists and they're probably
unredeemable
unfortunately uh but there must be other
people who just sort of want to have a
good life and would like to do a much
better job of negotiating with Israel
you know what would be an interesting
situation is if somebody who is famous
as being a good
negotiator agreed to work with the gazen
people to be their
negotiator because they can't do
it we know they can't do it because
there there's something about I don't
know just just the whole difference in
the cultures that they really can't have
any kind of real conversation about what
works would you agree with that that
there's nobody there's not a single
person who lives in Gaza who could
negotiate with Israel
successfully and yeah if you send Sean
pan pen over there that's not going to
work out now the thing I was going to
say is that Trump should do
it it's a bad idea so I'm going to use
the bad idea to suggest the good idea
all right if Trump if Trump said look we
we want to solve this situation in
Israel
forever and you gazans have no
leverage and you just want to kill
people to negotiate it's not going to
work how about I try to negotiate you
your best deal and I can push Israel
harder than you ever
could what would happen now the answer
is uh Trump will get assassinated
probably in about 10 minutes so it's a
bad idea so don't do it it's it's a bad
idea but this is an example of uh the
Hollywood trick of you suggest the bad
idea for the express purpose of making
people think of better ideas now I'm all
I'm seeing in the comments somebody said
about Jared that's a better idea it's
it's not there yet but it's a better
idea it's not it's that's not a keeper
but you're working in the right
direction somebody said Oprah that's a
bad idea she there's no reason to think
she's a good and a
negotiator but but you see where I'm
going on this I feel I feel that what
Gaza needs more than anything is
somebody who could be a credible
negotiator for the citizens but not for
Hamas who wants to just kill everybody
in
Israel that would be
interesting um Jordan Peterson well it
would have to be somebody who's not
Jewish and doesn't work for a Jewish
organization so you know I'm not going
to say daily wire is a Jewish
organization but I don't I don't think
uh anybody who's working in the Ben
Shapiro organization would appear
credible to other people so it's all
about having somebody who's so
credible is there such a person is there
anybody who's so credible that they
could push Israel and they could push
Gaza and they could push the United
States all at the same
time I'm seeing V's name come up he has
the skill but I don't know if he's got
the gravitas yet like I don't know if he
has the weight he has all the skill but
that's not good
enough Tucker yeah you know it's not
going to be some right-wing person
probably I or at least conservative
person I don't know who it would be
certainly not
Biden but does make you wonder doesn't
it doesn't it make you wonder if if a
real negotiator could get something done
because you know Israel is not terribly
happy with the situation and one of the
things that Israel often says and I
agree completely who are you going to
negotiate with who exactly are you going
to negotiate with and maybe there's a
way to answer that maybe there is a way
to negotiate
melee well it's funny that when you Bill
Clinton I don't know if Bill Clinton
would have the wait anymore we're going
to rule out P Diddy but he's
available now here's the real question
it it's my personal opinion that there
is no way to negotiate
peace
because what what the what the groups
want is mutual exclusive and in that
case you can never get a you can never
get a deal with when people want the
same exact thing I want this land and I
want you all to be gone all right
there's no way to make that deal so
you'd have to have somebody who had so
much persuasive power that they could
change what people wanted before they
change the deal do you see why that's so
important you have to actually change
their minds about what they want even to
be able to negotiate a deal which is
very rare usually people know exactly
what they want and it makes sense on
some level but you'd have to actually
change what they want that's a big
ask RFK
Jr I don't know don't know if he has the
weight that would be needed who who
would be seen as a fair Arbiter by
anybody in the
Palestinian Gaza areas new
Gingrich new a lot of
capability I don't know if he's the
right one it's an interesting one nude
is
interesting I'll think about that one
Obama oh
interesting now I think Obama would be
too smart to go into a no- win
situation that feels like not your
style you know because you you'd have to
be a little crazy to take on the job
wouldn't you you'd have to be a little
bit crazy
to even take it on CU it's could be a
death
sentence
yes all right well anyway I just thought
I'd noodle about that that's all I've
got for today uh it's good Friday and
maybe it's a good thing that there's not
much going on I think you'd all like a
simultaneous sip anybody up for a
closing
sip MBS the Crown
Prince oh yeah
well you know he's got that bone saw
problem yeah everybody's got something
going on all
right we're going to do the
uh simultaneous closing Sip and it
doesn't even have to be simultaneous
asynchronous if you
like
go you know I here's how I think you
could negotiate
Gaza
it depends if the leader types are
bribable if the leader types are
bribable you've got plenty to work with
but I don't know that they are they they
might be true believers you know and
that everybody on their sacred land has
to be destroyed so if that's the case
there's nothing you can do you just have
to brainwash their kids and get complete
control of the schools and see if you
can make that
work it's the only way
well so I have I have competing
thoughts um on one hand I think it's
probably impossible to get peace in that
part of the Middle East because they
fundamentally want the other dead or at
least one side wants the other dead for
sure or at least members of one side
want somebody dead right right there's
there's nothing that's true of all the
people
anywhere um but at the same time I think
it's probably
impossible I'm a strong of trying anyway
cuz if I ever taught you anything we're
not really good at estimating the odds
of things we're not good at that so
simply trying
things is what you do if you don't know
what's going to work or what doesn't you
don't do nothing you try some stuff so
let's try some
stuff Kim Jong-un yeah I don't think
he'd have the credibility
and I suppose Iran is the wild card
there if they don't want anybody to have
peace it's not going to
happen all right I'm going to uh say
goodbye to the uh good people on YouTube
and Rumble andx and I'm going to talk
privately to the subscribers on
locals and uh thanks for joining and
I'll see you tomorrow same time same
place all right locals people it's
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
for