pom pom pom pom pom hey everybody come
on in here it's time for Scott coffee
with Scott Adams excuse me while I'm
setting up my technology which just gets
better every day for those of you who
would like to see my cool setup watch
this
would you like to see difference and now
but um you're looking at me again
pretty amazing and now I'm looking at
your comments hey isn't it time for the
simultaneous it I believe it is join me
mmm oh oh that's good simultaneous
sipping I think I've got my lighting
fixed I'm actually this is weird the
camera on my iPad is so good that I have
I had to go to almost darkness in the
room so it wasn't too bright it's such a
sensitive camera it's kind of amazing
I've got a few fun stories is anybody
watching what's happening in North Korea
yes
oh let me do something weird let's see
what would happen if I split my screen
yes these are the things I can do in
real time and put myself over there and
and now but um you're looking at me
again pretty amazing
and now I'm looking at your comments hey
isn't it time for the simultaneous it I
believe it is join me move this down
here mmm what does that look like to you
know I think I've got my lighting fixed
I'm actually this is weird the camera on
my iPad is so good
that I have I have to go to a little
darkness in there all right let's try
this again
I'm just showing off I'm just showing
off with my new technology so I get this
thing called a sling studio it's a box
that you can home different cameras in
the cameras on your iPads and iPhones
and other cameras and then you could
have like a little studio set up where
you can change camera angles and stuff
alright so let's talk about North Korea
North Korea just had a big military
parade and do you see what was missing
so it turns out that they did not have
their long-range ICBMs and the print and
the parade so that's a big deal because
they're very proud of their ability to
seven missiles missiles all the way to
the United States but they decided not
to make a big deal about it so what does
that mean about about North Korea does
it mean that we're crawling forward with
these little steps I think you saw that
North Korea's Kim recently said glowing
nice things about how much he likes
president Trump and then they had held a
military parade were conspicuously they
subtracted the big weapons that are
problematic it feels like progress no
matter how slowly it goes so I think the
thing you need to look at was North
Korea is you know every few weeks are
you further ahead or not and I would
stop worrying about how long it takes so
everything seems good
on that front did you see that there's a
big effort to clean up the plastic in
the oceans we got this big technology
with these big gigantic Nets and it's
going to sit out there for months trying
to clean up the plastic and it's kind of
an experiment they don't know exactly if
it'll work or how well it'll work or if
it hurts too many fish but they're going
to find now so this is exactly the kind
of job that only billionaires can do you
know I think Marc Benioff and Peter
Thiel are behind it among about there's
a lot of people donated money but
sometimes you just need a billionaire
there's some things you just can't do
the government just can't figure out
where the government is not well-suited
for it and I think this plastic pickup
stuff might be some of it I see lots of
questions about the US Open and the the
question is that Syrena
gotten a argument with the chair umpire
about I guess he penalized her a point
or a game or something because of
something she said and she's saying hey
the male players they get away with far
worse so it must be sexism and I
wondered why she chose sexism you know
she could have played the race card
right it seems like it was a toss-up if
if Serena was being treated differently
than you know the players she seemed the
male players was she saying that all
women are treated differently than all
male players because if that's not the
case and if it's just something she
noticed about herself that was unique to
you know unique compared to what she's
seen from male players why did she pick
gender why didn't she pick race in in
any event I have no idea what the a
chair umpire was thinking so I don't
know how you verify
what somebody was thinking in a way it's
sort of a thought crime isn't it
there's no way to statistically prove
whether this particular chair umpire was
biased because you've got this one call
and so what do you do the only way you
can legitimately continue to attack this
one person's decision for being sexist
is to imagine that you know what they're
thinking how many times have you seen
this you know I called it out all the
time and you probably were less aware of
it before I started talking mattered all
the time but oh the opponent was black
you're right I was just reading the
comments you're reminding me that her
opponent was also black is that true I
don't really know the opponent but she
must she looks like she has a Japanese
last name okay so maybe that's the
reason but it still isn't enough of a
reason is it because the call wasn't
about the opponent so the I don't think
the claim is that the umpire was trying
to make the other player win in which
case it would matter if the other player
was black I think the call was just the
complaint is that it was a harsh call
for Serena in that particular situation
so it really doesn't have much to do
with the other player the opponent was
Japanese
yeah half half Japanese half black
somebody saying all right so it's a
tragedy that we're even talking about
that isn't it how would you like I feel
so sorry for her so I forget her name
Hasaka is it so here she is she wins
this major event against Serena Williams
like probably the most amazing you know
sporting things she could accomplish in
her life because she's probably dreamed
of winning something like this all of
her life and then she wins and what are
people talking about people are not
talking about how great she played
they're talking about her race or
ethnicity it's like that's the last
thing she wanted or they're you know one
assumes anyway so it kind of ruined what
should have been a great day for her I
feel sorry for her I don't personally
have an opinion about whether the call
was good or bad or sexist or not sexist
because I can't read the umpires mind
but the interesting thing I wanted to
talk about was the white house mole and
I've got to take on the mole that I
haven't heard and it might be part of
I'm sure there's some profiling going on
where people are doing like what FBI
profilers do to try to figure out the
identity of this secret White House mole
who wrote the editorial for the New York
Times and here are some things I would
say for I would add to the profile of
this person the first thing we know is
that the the White House Insider / mol
believes that his or her and I think
it's a he believes that his judgment
about political stuff is superior to the
president's okay so that's our first
data point this person unabashedly and
you know without any reservations is
saying in public like it's a fact that
their own judgment is better than the
judgment of the President of the United
States who has clearly accomplished a
few things all right so if that was your
only data point you would say to
yourself well two possibilities one this
is a really really smart person who is
correct and this person has great
judgment and should have been the
president this person is so awesome the
other possibility
is that you're dealing with a narcissist
who believes that he's just kind of
awesome and he's so awesome that he
knows more than the President of the
United States now what else would be our
evidence that he's a narcissist someone
who just thinks everything about him is
amazing well he's doing two things that
people are calling unusual he is writing
a big New York Times article but then
not putting his name on it while he's
telling you he's saving the world but
writing the article makes it less likely
he'll be able to save the world
so did he really care about the world it
doesn't seem like he cared about the
world because if he did he wouldn't have
written the article or he would have
gone public and said this is bad for me
but I have to I have to talk about what
I'm seeing so I don't think it was about
the world and it wasn't exactly didn't
look political did it in the sense that
it didn't look like it was a secret
Hillary supporter I mean you can't rule
it out but there's nothing we saw that
would suggest that because he was saying
good things about the economy good
things about defense sounded very
conservative so if it wasn't political
and it wasn't a Hillary supporter and it
isn't consistent with really trying to
help the world what does it look like it
looks like somebody who wanted to be
famous and felt that they were too
important to get in trouble or to put it
another way wanted to have no risk of
getting in trouble or at least a low
risk while also being famous so put the
pieces together this the White has mole
believed he had better judgment and
could run the country better than the
president and acted like there was no
doubt about that
like it was
the way the article is written is that
it's just obvious that this person knows
more than the president because the
president because he's helping the
president avoid his own disastrous
impulsive decisions says who says the
person writing it secondly they believe
that they're too important to get in
trouble it's a little bit about the
writer isn't it they want to be famous
for the article but they don't want to
get in trouble and they think they have
better judgment than the president
narcissist right so I think you should
be looking for someone who has an
insanely big ego because this is someone
who thinks a lot of themselves their
opinion doesn't want to get in trouble
still wants to be famous so maybe
someday we'll know that identity but no
matter what they're famous in the way
because they can at least tell their
friends you know that article that was
me so I think that narrows down the
personality of who this is
so Kanye tweeted the other day that it's
I'm paraphrasing but if you're trying to
be the boss you don't have time to
explain your decisions sometimes you
just got to tell people what to do and
they're not gonna like it
because you just don't have time to
persuade people you just got to tell
them what to do it felt like that was a
response to the what's happening with
the president but you can never know and
then con he tweeted 2024 so if he's not
running for president he's doing a good
job of looking like he is so we'll see
doesn't have to be someone who's
currently in government somebody's
trying to blame Bandon for this I think
it's somebody seems more likely at
somebody still in government
I don't know somebody's saying there are
more trolls here today is that true the
mole will be caught because their mouths
correct in all likelihood the mole has
talked to other people so when I was
talking about the the lie detector test
even if you imagine that the mole could
lie well enough to beat the lie detector
test the only way they could still get
away with it is if all the people
they've told and you know if it's a
narcissist and it is the narcissus is
going to tell other people all right
there's no way that the person who wrote
this is not blabbing to other people if
those other people get the lie detector
test and they believe lie detectors work
they could easily break because you
could imagine the lie detector test or
they'll yeah the the person giving us us
huh when I ask you if you know who did
it I got a little blip here and here's
the fun part maybe there was no blip but
the person who's you know strapped into
the lie detector they're thinking a blip
did i blip oh god oh god I'm starting to
break uh uh and then there's a blip and
then the lie detector guy says or woman
says getting some kind of reaction here
so you better tell us if you want to
keep your job better tell us who this
person is so it seems to me that they
must have already figured out who it is
by now it wouldn't be that hard and I
think that it can be done by analyzing
the the style of writing they would
probably have to run the style of
writing against the New York Times own
editors just to make sure it wasn't
rewritten but I think they could do that
so oh the other the other thing is
somebody said well maybe maybe it was a
rewritten by somebody so that you could
not identify the writing of the original
author well that's possible but what if
we see
about this author narcissist does a
narcissist
let somebody else rewrite their writing
so that it is less identifiable as the
person who originally wrote it I might
you might but a narcissist doesn't so
I've got a feeling that whoever wrote
that very much wanted their writing to
be the thing that was in the New York
Times right you don't think that much of
yourself unless wanting to see your own
writing in the New York Times because
that would be a writer's you know the
biggest biggest win remember when you
told us people could not tell if Trump
was a narcissist right Trump in my
opinion uses ego as a tool and that he
you know he pumps it up and he pumps it
down whenever he needs to Cory Booker
did you notice that Cory Booker's eyes
and Alexandria Octavio Cortes you know I
tried not to be disrespectful by
pronouncing her name wrong and I'm
conscious of the fact that when I
stumble on it sounds like I'm having
trouble with a you know Hispanic name
and it sounds weird but I promise you
I'm just terrible with names so don't
read anything into it but if you notice
that both the Corey and not and
Alexandria have this is Alexandra you
know who I'm talking to talking about
they both have those eyes let's see if I
can bring up my second screen to show
you what I'm talking about this would be
a good test of my technology all right
Emmitt
bear with me here let's find a picture
of Cortez and I think you all know what
I'm talking about right yeah Lexi and
why isn't she the first search term all
right if it takes me one more time to
find her yeah can't find a good picture
I don't want to make you wait
but you know what I'm talking about they
both have eyes that are like a little
bit too big and round like their eyes
are like this I don't know if it's just
because the pictures that we're seeing
and why the heck is my lighting now
terrible I'm literally sitting in the
dark and it looks like I'm sitting in a
photo studio I can't actually even make
it more dark in here there's no light on
in this room this is weird I'm gonna
have to change out my camera all right I
don't think I have anything else
interesting to say anybody have any
questions lazy eyes Chuck Todd well you
know I'm wondering if there's something
to that look that it's something about
the energy optimism I don't know what it
means but it doesn't read as completely
it doesn't read as normal we just don't
know what it what it reads as I mean
don't want to read their minds somebody
says adderall I don't know if adderall
does that to you but make the room
brighter somebody says well let's try
that I'm going to turn off my
my microphone and make the room brighter
don't go anywhere okay that experiment
I'm gonna call a failure all right well
I'll keep working on this and in the
meantime I will talk to the rest of you
later bye