bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum how's my
sound I did something different with my
microphone today so if you can't hear me
why don't you tell me but how would you
know how to tell me you can't hear me oh
good
sound is good well I think I've stalled
long enough so that you can grab your
beverage to get ready for the best part
of your day
the part that kicks it all off the part
that makes us an amazing day and it goes
like this it's called the simultaneous
sip when you're having coffee with Scott
Adams oh that's one of the best
simultaneous sips is it my imagination
or does it get better every single time
so you know you hear a lot about this
this analogy is that what I'm not sure
if it's an analogy but the dog that
didn't bark I talk about this a lot it's
the it's the news that is the big story
but because it's a thing that didn't
happen you don't hear about it so if the
biggest story is something that did not
happen nobody writes about it let me
give you an example this is an open
question to you how long has it been
since the media has taken the president
out of context with some a horrible
comment now we can't count the animal
comment because the media actually did a
Mia culpa and said okay that wasn't a
real one
so not counting the time they
incorrectly said he was calling
immigrants animals how long before that
was the last time he said something
outrageous go
pop-pop-pop-pop spent a while right the
it seems to me that the now the
Paralympics was a fake one so the
Paralympics was another fake one so
there's two fake ones that are the most
recent ones keep going back how long has
it been
yeah all the way to shitholes
now of course shitholes was you know a
fake one as well because he was talking
about the country's not the people but
that's been a while on that right it's
been months how long ago was it and then
Charlottesville was fake of course
Charlottesville was a hoax because he
was talking about people on both sides
of the statue question and then the
media tried to turn that into well
successfully turned that into no no he's
talking about the the white supremacist
being fine people he didn't say that
all right it's been a while so here's my
point
what happens if President Trump goes say
six months without being the person that
everybody thought he was because it
requires the media to keep inventing
these new outrages that didn't happen so
so think of the ones that you just saw
there was the calling immigrants animals
which didn't happen it was reported that
it happened but it didn't happen he was
talking about ms-13 there was the
examples you just gave at the
Paralympics where he said it was hard to
watch and people said my god he's saying
it's hard to watch people with
disabilities but of course he didn't say
that he was just saying it's hard to
watch because he's president he has
other things to do anybody with the
least bit of awareness would know that's
what he was saying then there was the
 comment that was about the
country's
the not the individuals now by the way
the the trick that was used with the
 cop comment you'll see this
when used by the media quite a bit and
here's how they do it there are things
that you can say to a friend or to a
small group in a room that doesn't sound
as bad as if you were standing in front
of the public so what your enemies will
do is take something you said that might
have been edgy or provocative but not
really that bad for a private
conversation because privately we all
say outrageous things right you you put
me in a small group you put me in you
know give me three people in my room
right now and turn off the camera I'm
gonna say something that I wouldn't want
the entire public to hear and it doesn't
mean it's necessarily something horrible
thing it's just that the way you talk
privately is quite different than the
way you you measure your words if you
know everybody's watching so the
 comment was almost entirely
that something that if you said it in
person or with a few people that you
knew well around the table they know
exactly what you're talking about you
know you're talking about the country
the the socio-economic situation there
that's not producing as many scholars
for example people who could add to the
economy as some of the country as soon
as you take that and say well imagine if
this were cited in public but it wasn't
it wasn't said in public right so my
point here is it's been a while since he
did sounds being outrageous
now here's I'm getting to a more
interesting point what is the if you
could capture the single biggest
complaint of the anti-trump errs right
now what would it be
now we've seen we've seen a whole
history of complaints before he got into
office hey he's a crazy raisin is a
you know he's gonna be incompetent
they'll be cast but it's been a while
now and he's actually accomplish
accomplished things that even his his
detractors would say okay that's pretty
good you know pardoning Joe Jackson yeah
it's pretty good you know the economy
well that's pretty good
Isis yeah it's pretty good North Korea
looks like we're making progress pretty
good so what is what is the biggest
biggest complaint about the president
now all right
lies that might be the biggest but I'm
gonna go I'm gonna I'm gonna generalize
that a little bit wouldn't you say that
the biggest problem is that he's
insulting that the that the way he talks
Corson's
the debate and is is a giant problem
because you know when you talk like that
it causes other people to be like that
right yeah his personality essentially
but have you noticed if you look at for
example the way he handled Kim jong-un
with his letter very complimentary very
respectful in fact better than other
people were handling this same situation
what's happened is a complete reversal
now I don't know if this is permanent so
I'm so what I'm going to say might not
age well in fact what I'm about to say
might not age well by this afternoon the
way things go but at the moment is true
at the moment the most polite respectful
person in the conversation the
conversation meaning everything about
politics everything about even the
people who are talking about politics
the most respectful person is Trump now
let's look at his critics go onto
Twitter and see how they talk see how
they talk about Trump supporters what
kind of language do they use is a
violent
awful insulting language it is Trump has
caused and here's the funny part that I
was getting to Trump has turned all of
his critics into the thing they're
criticizing they've all become him or a
better way to say it is they've all
become what they thought he was well he
became president right it seems like if
we rerun our minds back you know a year
and a half two years whatever does it
didn't feel like the candidate Trump and
then you know newly elected Trump was
just the kind of course personality you
saying bad things and you know you're
making the debate worse in every way but
the public well the public were good
people so there were good people saying
my god you know can't we have more civil
debate can't we can't we pay attention
more to the facts can't we concentrate
on the facts please and now fast forward
who is the most respectful person in the
game right now could it be the person
who spent 90 minutes shaking every hand
of the graduates at the which military
academy was it could it be the person
who pardon Joe Jackson just because it
was the right thing to do it was the
Naval Academy could it be the person who
wrote the most polite letter you've ever
seen to another leader president Trump
respectful kind talks about love just
today this could all change tomorrow I'm
just telling you where we are today
here's critics spiteful and Gollum's you
all know the gall and reference from
Lord of the Rings
they've become from what they imagine
they used to be which which is
protectors of the culture the good
people the nice people so there were
they're nice people and then this
monster this president Trump monster
person he must be stopped
and he turned into a good guy at the
moment while they turned into something
horrible and we're watching you know one
Domino at a time fall over boop boop
boop hey Kanye says maybe maybe I can
like that president boo today we saw
yeah let's talk about Farrakhan so Louis
Farrakhan there's a new video audio clip
video clip about him saying something to
the effect of that President Trump has
become the biggest enemy of I guess the
way he put it was black folks in general
so that they now have the same enemies
and the way Farrakhan put it and and let
me say what everybody says before they
talk about Farrakhan not everybody but
lots of people they say I'm not agreeing
with anything that Farrakhan has said
all right so I'm not supporting
Farrakhan or anything like that before
you get mad at me I'm just reporting
what happened and Farrakhan said that
President Trump is the enemy of the
media which is also historically the
enemy of black people with the fÃªte news
even use Farrakhan even talked about
fake news because apparently Farrakhan
has been the victim of fate news and by
the way do you know what happened when I
saw Farrakhan agreeing that Trump is
right to criticize the fake news do you
know what happened to my mind when that
happened it just went right and I said
to myself wait a minute I've read some
terrible things about Louis Farrakhan in
the in the news I mean where else would
I read it I've read terrible terrible
things about Louis Farrakhan
and then I thought to myself is it true
or is it all out of context I mean look
at look at you know the things that
President Trump has been accused of all
completely false
you know she had holes was taken into
context
charlottesville was completely out of
context animals and a context
paralympics and a contact I could go on
I think I have about 12 more of them but
I've read these things which I believe
to be true you know true statements of
hateful things anti-semitic things in
particular that Farrakhan has said and
after watching that clip I had to sit
back and say to myself holy cow I don't
know if any that's real I really don't I
I believed it you know because I
believed what I read in the media I
don't think I ever saw any media report
that said the opposite right so so it
makes me wonder and again I'm not not
not supporting Farrakhan I'm not you
know endorsing anything he's ever said
because I don't know the full body of
things he's ever said but I gotta say he
successfully flipped a bit in my head
because when he's when the people in the
room in this video clip of Farrakhan
were were agreeing that he had been the
victim of fake news everybody in room
said oh god yes totally victim of fake
news and I said to myself we've seen
this before and I have to wonder how
much of the criticism of his is real I'm
not I'm not defending him I'm just
wondering so that was new to me but he
said prefer God said that you know the
enemies of black people this is
Farrakhan's view where the press the
tarp Department of Justice which of
course Trump is criticizing you know the
FBI and I forget who else he said but
O'Connor is I think making laws that
were not good
good for them and if fell very short of
endorsing Trump all right so Farrakhan
we you know he's not Pro Trump by any
means but it was fascinating to hear him
talk at least a little bit I don't know
open-mindedly or maybe higher awareness
I don't know exactly how to characterize
it but when I when I heard him talk I
thought to myself pretty good so
somebody was saying that you know he's
intentionally lying because that's
allowed and his religion I I doubt
that's what was happening it looked like
he was saying his truth anyway but again
I'm not defending him in any way that's
he'll have to defend himself
so that gets us to oh I I was scheduled
to have hawk on right now but we haven't
connected this morning so I'll have to
reschedule that so let's say let's take
some guesses about what's going to
happen with North Korea it seems to me
that in the past the thing that the
place where everybody's gone wrong in
the past that President Trump did not go
wrong is the question about meeting Kim
jong-un in person and the old thinking
which was the wrong thinking in my
opinion was that we would not give him
any legitimacy or deal with him or even
you know certainly not have a president
meet with him until he had done some or
most of the things that we wanted him to
do do you do clear eyes or whatever and
by contrast the moment that Kim jong-un
said that he would be willing to meet
with Trump were there were any
preconditions Trump said yep I'll meet
with him
and you remember the criticism he got
for that it's like my god you don't meet
with him before you've gotten some
concessions and I remember thinking to
myself at the time no a trump is the
only one playing this right all of the
other people were wrong they were all
wrong
the only smart way to do this was to
increase Kim Jong Un's esteem let's say
to show respect for him and to raise him
up to something like a peer level
nobody's really the peer with the United
States or China you know nobody's quite
appear with the the giant countries but
at least treat him like a peer you would
treat it as an ally because from a
communication perspective from a trust
perspective from a deal-making
perspective from a perspective of
persuasion from a perspective of
everything that matters that was the
right first step there is no step after
that that could work if you don't get
that one right all right so if you look
at this journey from you know being
enemies to you know maybe someday
reaching some situation where we're all
happy the first step was always that
treat him like appear for conversation
purposes at least right only one person
ever got that right why why is it the
president Trump got that right
and nobody else got that right before
well I would you know I of course have
been calling President Trump a master
persuader someone who simply is smarter
about this kind of stuff right so it
could be just that he's just smarter
about this kind of stuff but going down
a level I think this also gets to that
ego as a tool point that I've made
before if you can treat your ego as not
who you are but rather something you can
ramp up and ramp down
you need to it becomes a tool as opposed
to a liability
imagine a prior president saying I'm
gonna meet with kim jeong-hoon that's
not good for his ego it's not good for
the US presidency go because now he's
treating as a peer somebody that he
would imagine everybody should see as
lower than him on some level all right
that's an ego kind of a problem extended
also to the United States you know
protecting the brand and and making ego
a liability that was part of the reason
that we couldn't meet with them is that
we didn't want our our reputations to be
anywhere near each other what does
president Trump do as I've said many
times he treats ego as a tool then he
can ramp up and ramp down in this case
what did he do did President Trump ramp
up his ego for the know the whole North
Korea saga not just the letter that
happened lately look at the whole the
whole episode you saw him ramp up his
ego when we first started talking it's
like hey you're gonna call me you know
fat dotard know if you're gonna call me
a dotard dotard I'm gonna call you you
know short and fat or something so the
first thing he did is sort of matched
him but the next thing he did is he
stayed matched so he allowed President
Trump allowed his ego to at least for
the purposes now to be matched to
somebody that the world considers a
brutal dictator that was an absolute
necessary first step for anything else
to work no conversation can work nothing
else can work until you do the hard part
which is use your ego as a tool ramp it
up when you need to ramp it down when
you need to you're watching this in real
time and by the way you know I've always
I've always been predicting that the
North Korea conversation will end up
well but that there would be some walk
aways at least one which we saw there
might be more you might
you could see two or three more walk
aways before it's done but I believe the
history is going to look at this
situation and start start analyzing that
everything that Trump did from you know
before before we were even seriously
talking to North Korea through the end
and it's going to be a masterclass on
how everything should work I think
that's going to be the case I believe
that this will be the greatest living
example of how to do it right how to
turn an enemy into at least not an enemy
we don't know if friend is possible but
I think you're gonna see something that
people imagined not even possible and
it's because he just has a different
skill level he knows how it manages he
go up hey I'm the greatest you know
person you could ever have for president
you go up let's talk to somebody that
you're not supposed to treat as your
peer but you need to to get something
done you go down watch how well he kept
his he kept his ego in check for the
letter that he he dictated word-for-word
to kim jeong-hoon which probably is a
breakthrough letter history will look at
that letter assuming things go well and
they might look at that and say you know
we didn't know what to make of that at
the time but oh my god that was good
that was my impression when I read it uh
Kim called pence
a dummy well I don't think Kim called
them that I think that was one of his
vice something Trump blindsided his
foreign secretary it's utter chaos
so you're seeing situations in which
Trump is acting without telling
everybody allies and even people in this
country first and the explanation given
is that he didn't want he doesn't want
things to leak and it's funny I don't
know if those are really the reasons but
it's such a good
reason to use now because everybody
everybody believes everybody believes
leaking is a big problem let's talk
about ZTE so the news is reporting that
some people are saying darn it
President Trump how could you let z te
stay in business when they've you know
violated the sanctions with North Korea
when they maybe are spying on us with
their technology at cetera to which I
say shut up shut up because we don't
know what President Xi of China and
president Trump have agreed about trade
and North Korea and what's happening
behind the scenes and all the secret
stuff we have no idea where ZT fits in
the bigger picture so if you're just
looking at ZTE you know out of context
of all the things that we can't possibly
and shouldn't know what those
conversations are about there's only one
opinion you should have about ZTE I
don't know that's it
there's only one rational opinion you
should have right now with what we know
which is very limited which is well
might be a good idea it might be might
not be how would we know we don't know
what conversations are happening that
we're not aware of
yeah ZT is related to North Korea
correct so since everything is connected
and we don't know the secret
conversations behind anything you know
it's too early to have any kind of an
opinion but here's what I would say
speculatively speculatively I would say
that it's unlikely that we would have
saved the ZTE unless we got something in
return right so clearly there's there's
some give-and-take going on and we don't
know what's giving and what's taking so
we can't really make an opinion on that
all right what yes CT is one more
variable
yeah I've talked about shaking the box
and adding variables every time the
president shakes the box or adds a
variable
he creates another way that the things
could just fall out his direction and if
they don't he shakes it again and he
adds another variable
sooner or later things are gonna you
know line up his way so I have predicted
in the past that I will stick with my
prediction I believe that North Korea
will not give up its nukes as quickly or
in the way that we would want to they
might they might try to drag things out
if that happens I think the US will
close down a Chinese bank first we'll go
after the bankers and if that's not
enough and it probably won't be I think
we'll pick one of the four banks one of
the four Chinese banks and we'll figure
out which one to crash and we'll just
take out a bank
somebody says that's the obvious
prediction well it's the obvious
alternative meaning the alternative is
to crash a Chinese bank or not
so it's binary and I'm saying that I
think in the past people would have
assumed we never would have done
something so extreme today absolutely
not even the question remember this is
the difference and I keep seeing this in
the language of people reporting about
North Korea people will say something
like well what we'd what we'd really
like this for them to get rid of their
nukes or we would prefer they get rid of
the nukes or our best-case ending would
be they get rid of the nukes mmm that's
all the wrong language now the United
States I want to say this as clearly as
possible has decided that North Korea
will end up with no nukes
we've decided that's never happened
before all right it's it's one thing to
want it
and try to make it happen that's where
we were in the past wanting and trying
are good things they're helpful but
they're not in the same class as
deciding because when you want something
and you're trying to get it when you hit
a roadblock you got a roadblock I wanted
it I tried but I hit a roadblock I asked
them to get rid of their nukes they said
no nothing I can do now that's what when
you want something you hit the button
you hit the wall you say yeah I try if
you decide to do something that's a
whole different path because if the way
we get there is they just agree to be
reasonable and you know say yeah we'd
rather have a good economy and you know
security guarantees we'll get rid of our
nukes that'd be great
if they don't we'll crash a Chinese bank
in the past would we have ever
considered that seriously no today would
we want to do that absolutely not we do
not want to crash a Chinese bank let me
tell you we super-super don't want to do
that like that's one of the things we
most don't want to do but we will why
will we because we've decided we've
decided North Korea is going to end up
without nukes we would never ever ever
want to have a war with North Korea but
would we if we had to yes why not
because we want or don't want but
because we've decided we've decided how
this ends North Korea just has to decide
how much pain they want to take to get
there all right there's an easy path and
I think that's what we're doing all so
well which is we're saying look will not
only guarantee your security so you can
start putting your the money you were
putting into the military you can put it
into economic recovery will help you
invest and we'll make this really good
for you and that's that contrast
principle where you you make the widest
possible contrast between
[Music]
of watching a comment here that's very
insightful and I'm not gonna mention it
because you know who you are now let's
just say you're very right you know who
you are all right
who has the who has if somebody said who
has the leverage somebody who who owns
the debt meaning China or somebody who
yeah so is it better to be the debtor or
the what's the opposite of that
the loner or the kind of how come I
can't think of the opposites you know
what I mean
so China holds a lot of debt does that
give them the leverage or us the
leverage and here's my answer to that
the leverage is always the one who
decided do you get that
so somebody's saying is that the
borrower or the lender who has the
leverage you know if it's trillions of
dollars who's got the power and my
answer is it's the one who decided we've
decided that North Korea isn't going to
have nukes all that other stuff doesn't
matter anymore because if we crash our
own economy to get the denuclearize
North Korea we're gonna do it and I we
think will recover but we would crash
our own economy somewhat you know to get
rid of the nukes of North Korea would
China crash their economy to preserve
nukes that they probably don't really
want that much in North Korea not a
chance not a chance now things can
happen that you end up in these bad
situations that you didn't want but
here's here's a fight but let me tell
you why I think I've never been in a
serious fight you know you if you're
male and you live in this
probably any other country and you get
to my age and you've never been in a
sort of a serious fight where you're
both punching each other and it's going
to take a while and you're really trying
to hurt each other and I think here's
the reason I would never get in a fight
until I had decided to win if I hadn't
decided to win and I simply wanted to
win I would run away wanting to win a
fight is a terrible reason to be in a
fight alright if you simply want to win
a fight
run away you don't have the right
mindset you don't have a winning mindset
I would never get in a fight until I had
decided to win what is decided to win
look like you get in the fight you know
I'm not a big guy I get to beat out
of me and then I come back with a weapon
and maybe I get arrested and I get 10
years in jail I get any jail I get a
better weapon and I come back and I kill
that guy that's a decision so that's a
decision to win a fight I would never be
in a fight until I decided that it
doesn't matter how long this fight goes
if you don't kill me I'm coming back
that's a decision that's different from
wanting to win a fight and I believe
that I I've been told I transmit that
intention fairly effectively so I've
certainly been in a pre fight where I've
been in somebody's face and vice versa
and I have told them as clearly as I
just told you that I've decided to win I
don't use those terms but when you tell
somebody you've decided to win they
don't like to mess with you because they
just want to win right so that's the
fight we're in we've decided the other
side just wants North Korea has not even
decided whether they want to keep their
to keep their nukes or not I'm sure they
have a strong preference but they
probably don't
know which way it's gonna go on the
other hand we do know which way it's
gonna go because we decided and we do
have the power military militarily
economically doesn't matter the the
ending is now determined all we're
working on is how much pain China wants
to take how much pain North Korea wants
to take we've already come to grips with
our own pain alright the United States
has decided that if we have to take a
hit it doesn't matter how big it is it
doesn't matter that's no longer a part
of our calculation 10% off our economy
sure 30% off our economy ok
losing you know risking a nuclear attack
on the west coast yes we've already
decided will we reduce troop levels I
don't fully understand the the troop
level variables if the only thing in
play was North Korea and US and South
Korea then I'd say well of course we
would reduce our let our troop levels
when we don't need them anymore but my
understanding is that the the one best
place to keep a lot of troops is South
Korea because it's actually inexpensive
for us I think I think they help host
but it gives us a large military
presence in a part of the world where
you never know it might be useful to
have a large military presence just in
case so they're bigger variables
militarily strategically and I don't
know them all so I'm not sure that I
would have a solid opinion about troop
levels in South Korea now almost
certainly we could repurpose those
troops so they're not a direct threat to
North Korea so so mean we come to some
kind of a
good accommodation sorry I'd like you to
meet boo the cat who has decided that
whenever I do periscope she likes to
bother me like a cool dog all right did
you have any other questions before I go
off and do something else
today the intellectual dark web as a
name well you know so I've been I've
been watching all the stories about the
so called intellectual dark web and the
fact that dark was attached to the name
you know you know that I've talked about
how when candidate Clinton was saying
that everything Trump did was dark
that's dark this dark that it's one of
those pre suasion type words that really
makes you think there's something bad
going on now even though the
intellectual dark web you know if you
look at it on the surface it doesn't
look like it's an insult the people who
are in it it's like oh it's a dark web I
don't know what that means
but just the fact that says dark is an
insult to the people who are in it
because there's something wrong with
them it's dark right and I guess I'm
glad that I was not included in any of
those lists because I would read the
list and I would think oh this is the
same bunch of folks that I usually get
lumped with and I don't know why I was
not you know I did not reach the level
of attention or something that that
would put me on the list so since I'm
not on the list of a little less you
know invested in it but it would make
sense to change that name and here's the
name that I prefer freethinkers Eric
Weinstein came up with the name
intellectual dark web
I don't believe that I would think Eric
would know not to use dark in that label
but I don't doubt it it just doesn't
sound you know the the facts don't seem
like they fit too well somebody's saying
that yes but right he did all right well
I would suggest to Eric that it's too
late to take it back but I'm gonna call
myself a free thinker you can call all
the people of that group anything you
want I'm not in it can I explain the
somebody asked me to explain the you
went when hub interface app yeah so my
startup when hub has an app called
interface in which anybody can sign up
to be an expert on anything an expert in
this context just means that you know
something more than other people you
don't have to be like a world's expert
but you just go in the app and you can
either be an expert or find an expert
you can set your own price and the
payment initially is in the the when
tokens a cryptocurrency that we created
for the app once we were once we are
listed on an exchange the tokens that
you earned within the app can be
exchanged into other cryptocurrencies
and cash but we are not yet on an
exchange and as is typical for people
who are going through our process the
risk you take in investing in the ICO or
the tokens that we create because
separately you can invest in the ICL
your your risk is that you're buying
them cheap now with the hope that we can
get listed on an exchange the how you
calculate whether or not we're likely
yeah there ERC 20 tokens the way you
calculate whether they get on an
exchange or not is how much traction
you're getting on the app and let me
show you how we're doing so we've got
thirty four thousand
experts enrolled so that's just people
who signed up to just be experts so
that's that's pretty good pretty good
traction so if you are going to invest
in an IC o---- some of the questions
you'd ask have they already built the
product and we have which is actually
unusual most of the investments in IC o
Tzar just for an idea a white paper and
a team we've actually built the product
and you can use it right now
so it's called interface by when hub if
you search for it at the app stores it's
already there and I was I'm starting to
use it to have people call in on these
periscopes so that's what that's all
about
somebody says most i SEOs are scams I
think that's probably true now one of
the ways you can tell what's the
difference between a scam and a
legitimate ICO is do they have an actual
product right some of the ones that
don't have an actual product are still
legitimate in fact many of them are but
very few scams maybe none would have an
actual built product that's in an app
store I don't know if that's ever
happened maybe it has I don't know how
to judge that risk but I would think
that the number of scams that build an
actual working product that people like
in tens of thousands of people have
signed up for it's probably pretty rare
who are your guests next week I'll give
you more information next week one
expert on Korea might have more of them
all right I think I've said enough for
today a lot of you were asked me to
comment on Tommy
Robinson issue going over happening
apparently I didn't realize this but the
United Kingdom doesn't have free speech
did you know that
did you know that they don't have
freedom of speech so there's an issue
that you can't even talk about and I'm
not going to because I think there's
some legal legal implications there but
yeah this periscope goes all over the
world so I don't know what kind of legal
risks there is for me even talk about it
but in the United States we have
something a little bit closer to freedom
of speech and I was actually shocked
that in the United Kingdom they actually
don't have freedom of speech I was like
well was that true that they have sort
of a version of free speech that allows
you to talk about some things but not
other things anyway so that's for them
to sort out not me and we'll talk to you
later