don't do to pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom well you knew I was gonna
come back this afternoon you knew it the
moment you saw the president's latest
tweets as soon as you saw it you said to
yourself I'd better watch my periscope
alerts because somebody's going to be
coming online to share a laugh and
possibly a beverage I'll be having a
ginger shot this is made from ginger
actually it's juiced hmm if you've never
tried to drink straight ginger juice let
me tell you it's not easy but it's very
good for you all right for those of you
who have not been paying attention for
the last hour your president who is
overseas at the moment has proven how
much he loves us so even though he's
away he left us a little gift something
that you know we could play with their
home something that would keep us
entertained probably through the entire
evening and much of tomorrow
here is his tweet from to as well not
long ago in the past hour he says and I
quote ex-fbi layer lisa page today defy
the House of Representative it doesn't
matter what the rest of the tweet says
trust me that there's more to the tweet
but you don't care it's only it's only
the first couple of words that matter so
we know that she that lisa page was an
ex-fbi lawyer but the tweet doesn't say
a lawyer
it says layer la
we are and indeed she was and ex-fbi
lair now the big question of the day is
and lair is capitalized yes and so given
that the president has recently said
that he capitalizes to call attention to
certain words it's unlikely he
capitalized a misspelled word that is so
clearly misspelled but maybe maybe it's
deniable it's been this tweet has been
up for a while and I don't see it being
corrected so that would suggest that he
is the funniest president president
we've ever had because I love the fact
that he has complete deniability it's
like I have typos all the time yeah look
at my tweets typo here typo there you
can never tell might be a typo why not
be a typo kid tell I see from the
comments on Twitter that most people
have decided it's not a an accident and
either way it's hilarious right if it's
an accident it's one of the best ones
ever if it's intentional it's even
better now I haven't seen the reaction
yet from the president's
detractors but I've got a feeling that
it looks a little like this
[Applause]
she's delicate NATO members she's
yelling at Germany look at it he's a
monster
he loves our people he's a monster scene
so I don't know about you but I'm sorry
Fox News Fox News it's not your night I
know most of you probably you know your
Trump supporters you might watch a
little bit more Fox News than see you
then but tonight tonight I think you'd
agree CNN is the place to be watching so
just look at the facial reactions it's
gonna be it's going to be a full night
of people actually urinating in their
their trousers on live TV some of you
noticed that I tweeted I tweeted the
president's tweet retweeted it and you
know said if it's if it's accidental
it's funny and if it's on purpose it's
even funnier and Don junior responded to
that with a tweet saying that
considering the situation over there
it's probably not a typo
[Music]
oh my goodness
so let's also talk about the other news
that I think is only an hour and hour
old somebody on Twitter asked Elon Musk
if he could do something about the water
problem in Flint because they've got led
in the water and Elon Musk tweeted he
said consider this a commitment that he
Elan musk would pay to replumb or
remediate ending anyhow that's over the
government's levels for led personally
it's like that just came out of nowhere
yeah we there's this gigantic problem
and Elon Musk is sitting there saying
well I can go to Mars I can build the
first electric car that it but it cares
about you know I can I can build tunnels
I can build hyper loops if you gave me
one more day I could have a submarine
that would be the only thing you use to
get people into caves I'm running out of
stuff I've got everything just about
solved here what else you got what Flint
has problems with the water tweet I will
pay for all of your water to be fixed if
you're above the government levels how
do you hate I don't know if anybody
hates them probably not but how can you
dislike a billionaire
who does so many things that you like
you like him to do
it's it is so genius it's great now what
it made me wonder is I wonder what it
costs on average to remediate a house
that's got some kind of bad water
situation I wonder what that costs per
you know per apartment or per house
makes me wonder how big that that paid
that check is going to be
do I Drive a Tesla I do not I'm
considering one castles on my short list
and I am in the market to upgrade my
very old automobile I usually Drive my
cars until they they just won't run
anymore because I do not like the
process of buying a new car and I I'm
not crazy about owning a new car I
really don't like owning a new car
because it's just one more thing to
worry about I kind of like an old you
know a little bit dirty beat-up car
makes me more comfortable
how old is your cards a 2011 now
thinking of a truck anymore now I gave
up on the truck because I couldn't find
one to test drive ginger it's good stuff
it's for your health it's worth the pain
somebody just had a very bad analogy
between car buying and pizza buying
that's a bad analogy alright so I didn't
really have much else to say I just
wanted to share this laugh about the
president's tweet I was watching the
horrified people who watched the
president get tough with NATO on video
and they were they were acting shocked
shocked it seems to me that the entire
news on CNN is people being shocked at
things that they ought not be shocked at
is that is that my imagination or is
there a one side that is just
consistently shocked at things
I am shocked I can't believe he did that
so I understand Croatia beat England in
the World Cup so that was this is some
say it's the Trump curse maybe maybe Oh
on a completely unrelated topic I was
thinking of inviting Kathy Griffin on my
periscope I don't know if she'd say yes
but I could always ask and I wondered if
you would want to see that so let me
know if if that is of interest or not
because I think that would be probably
the most interesting conversation you've
ever seen in your life but hey I don't
want to oversell it since I haven't even
asked her if she'd want to do it do it
he'll break her no I wouldn't break her
I like her
III think it would be interesting for us
to simply take a peek into each other's
movie because you know we're clearly
living in entirely different realities
and she's a good sport and she might go
for it we'll see I know it would be very
watchable
[Music]
all right she's very funny I I've
actually seen Kathy Griffin's show live
she was in she was in my neck of the
woods few years ago and I went to her
show and she killed she killed the whole
time audience loved it I loved it I got
to talk to her afterwards say hi all
right yeah
so oh by the way you know the the
severed head of President Trump that
Kathy Griffin held up for the photograph
my understanding is that that was made
from a trump mask that they put on a
dummy head and then they just added
ketchup to it and I thought uh-huh
well that's pretty clever so if you knew
what it was made of just a mask on a
dummy head and a bunch of ketchup you
probably wouldn't be as offended but I
think the problem was they did too good
a job you know if you'd seen the same
thing in let's say a cartoon and they
had looked sort of cartoony you know it
wouldn't mean as much but because it
looked so photorealistic
it just took it to a different level and
I think that was completely accidental
because if you say let's put a mask on a
on a mannequin head and put some ketchup
on it and take a funny picture you're
probably not thinking it's going to come
out looking like the real deal but I
guess when you had all the fake blood it
works all right I'm going to sign off
for now I just wanted to share the
moment with you and and that's all talk
to you later