good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization
where all of your Mysteries will be
solved all your questions will be
answered and all of your concerns will
be addressed but if you'd like to take
it up to a level that nobody can even
understand with their tiny human brains
all you need is a cuper mro glass a tank
your chal Dy a canteen Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind play that back at 1.5
speed I
area and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it's going to happen right now
go oh that is unbelievably good I'm
going in for two second sip anybody
anybody join
me oh yeah
yeah yep nailed it well I'm going to
tell you about some great new
technologies that are kind of
cool uh did you know that DNA is a
really good data storage
device that all the the data of who you
are is stored on these little little uh
parts of your body and it turns out that
the technologist now at the Paul Allen
School of computer science and
engineering at the University of
Washington are trying to make
DNA um computer data storage which
apparently would be massively better and
faster than what we're doing does that
sound like something that might actually
happen do you believe that someday we
will have
DNA based databases I'm gonna say
no I'm gonna say no I just don't see it
happening now I'm like the biggest
technology Optimist in the world I think
we're going to you know go to Mars and
all that stuff uh but I don't think
we're going to have DNA storage I would
love to be surprised so
maybe uh there's a story about uh some
young folks who designed and
printed uh a drone that would be if you
bought it it would be under
$500 and it calculates GPS coordinates
without a
signal using a camera and Google
Maps so in other words it will know
where it is the same way a human would
by looking
around now if you could make a drone
with a 3D
printer that means you could have a
drone that nobody knows you
purchased so it would be like an
unmarked gun so you could have your own
you know Phantom drone or a ghost drone
it' be like a ghost drone it would cost
you almost nothing relatively speaking
and you can't be jammed with
GPS so they can't Jam your GPS you know
what this is right this is the ult
ultimate murder
weapon so they don't talk about the chip
you still have to get a chip somehow
unless you can attach your phone to it I
was always assuming that the the murder
drones would just take a phone you just
take an old iPhone and just connect it
to your murder drone and it would have
all the intelligence that needed that's
what I always
figured um but I think the will be used
for
assassinations and then later for
various terrorist activities so now we
have a way for the ordinary person to
assassinate people and leave absolutely
no sign how would you find
it let let's say
you well I guess there would still be
some fingerprints on the chip so you'd
have to give us some instructions and so
that would give you a little bit of a
hint who created it but but not much so
you wouldn't have any trace of where it
came from and you wouldn't know where it
originated
from it's the Ultimate Weapon my book uh
the religion
war is largely written around this this
development so one of the the big plot
points is that it's a it's a place where
anybody can send a drone to any place
else and kill
somebody so that's
com well as you might know the only
thing I think about more than ancient
Rome is ancient Egypt and their pyramids
because it fascinates me all the
different theories of how they got built
so you got your you got your ancient
alien Theory aliens did it you got your
uh Advanced prior human civilization
that died out Theory you got your uh
theory that the Egyptians were just
really good at doing hard stuff because
their their Workforce was was so
impressive so good so good and we keep
wondering how is it that these gigantic
rocks got transported from distant
quaries and raised up to the top and I
was doing my usual thing where I was
thinking all right what are they not
mentioning so I'm thinking of all the
different you know ways that people are
explaining how it happened and why we
couldn't do it today so easily and I'm
thinking there's one thing that's like
clearly left
down it's that the Rocks were made on
site and so I said to myself what are
those rocks made of and I googled it
yesterday like and they're made of
limestone and I said to myself
theoretically could you make your own
Limestone
rock it turns out you
can all you need is pressure literally
just pressure you put enough pressure on
some limestone crushed up Limestone that
you could you know hold in your hand
like sand you just crush it it turns
into a rock that lasts forever because
that's exactly what a limestone rock is
it's something that was sort of powder
that was under pressure for a long time
and turned into a rock but you can make
one right away now there's a video on
YouTube some French gentleman tested
this Theory and he put up some wood
forms and he put some uh Limestone dust
that would common to his area which
apparently is very common to the area
where the pyramids are so there's like
powdered Limestone laying all over the
place and you put it in a little form
you add some water and some clay and you
wait a little while and it's a perfect
Rock now I know what you're GNA say I
know what you're gonna say Scott Scott
Scott Scott Scott why do you come into
areas in which you know nothing about
and try to act like you're suddenly the
instant expert on something you clearly
don't know a thing about CU well let me
tell you one thing Scott if they had
made the stones for the pyramid that
would really be obvious because I think
Stone experts can tell the difference
between a natural stone and a stone that
was made by somebody you know just
making a stone easy to tell it' be
obvious and that's
true there's one exception to
that
Limestone if you got a limestone in half
it would look exactly the same whether
it was a natural one or a fake one it
would look uniform all the way through
like
conrete it would just look all the way
it a real one would be no different than
one that they form naturally because it'
be basically the same
thing
so is it possible that the most obvious
solution is the one that really was true
the maybe the reason that we don't see
hieroglyphs uh of of them making the
bricks is that we don't have
them making any kind of bricks so
keeping keep this in mind we know that
the ancient Egyptians knew how to make
bricks because part of the construction
of the pyramid is ordinary bricks that
we know how they were made so if they
knew how to make a brick
and we know it's possible to make a
giant rock and a just Limestone dust
that you press together and put some
water clay in you think they didn't
figure that out they already knew how to
make bricks out of you know stuff on the
ground don't you think that's a little
bit more likely that they made the
bricks or the the big rocks on site so
they didn't have to relocate them 500
miles or whatever they allegedly did now
you say to yourself but Scott Scott
Scott you idiot you freaking idiot I
can't even stand listening to you
because the one thing we know is that
the quaries exist they're hieroglyphics
showing that they went to the
quaries and I think the quaries are
real I think that they may have
also had real quarried rocks especially
the granite because you can't make
Granite you know I I looked into it you
can't make Granite that kind of needs to
be naturally made so if they have
Granite Parts probably exactly what you
think copper tools took a long time a
lot of people you know got it done but
the only thing I'm adding is that
apparently the hard part to understand
is how they did it in the timeline they
did so you could solve for how long it
took by imagining that there was real
quaring of real rocks just the way they
say but they weren't the
majority if you imagine that the
majority of them were made on site then
it solves your timing problem which is
the biggest mystery because I think we
all agree that if you had infinite time
you could have carved all the rocks and
carried them and put them where they are
it would just be really hard but if you
had a lot of time you could do it so I'm
going to throw that into the mix only
for fun uh I wouldn't make any bets on
it but I love the fact that the most
obvious solution which is that they made
the rocks on site is the one we're not
talking about the most now there might
be an obvious reason why it doesn't work
and nobody mentioned it to me but just
put that here here's the only thing I
want to I want to do with this
story I want to use it to open your mind
to how easy it would be for the most
basic things we know or think we know to
be completely
wrong I'm just opening the possibility
so that your mind can imagine oh my
goodness we could be completely wrong
about all these pyramid Stones that's
all I'm trying to get doesn't mean I'm
right I'm not going to assert that I'm
right all right uh here's some good news
want some good news there's some
financial literacy classes that are
growing up in high schools so a lot of
middle schools and high schools are
teaching financial literacy which is
such a good idea uh I've actually been
thinking about doing it
locally you know maybe over the summer
or something
uh just offer a financial literacy class
for any neighbors who want to send their
kid and you just do it in one day teach
them a little bit about buying a stock
and having a checking account and you
know getting a mortgage just the basic
stuff and the the way that I teach it to
young people because I've taught a
number of young people Basics is if you
learn just a few things everything else
can flow from those few things so there
there's a really easy way to get started
in it that allows you access to
everything else sort of automatically so
for example when I say if you're
thinking of buying
stocks get a
diversified uh ETF so once you
understand what that is every other
thing that you could do has to be better
than that and if nobody can tell you
why's better than that don't do it you
don't need to and why you would is every
time you look into a new thing it's like
well maybe I should own a municipal Bond
and then you start of look into it you
Google it and then you compare it to
your ETF you go huh you know maybe a
little bit of these just in case for
diversity but really maybe I don't need
it if I'm young so you give them one
foot in and they can figure out the rest
just by Googling and comparing it to
what they already know so there is an
easy way in that's the only thing I
wanted to add there
I saw a post from sahil Bloom who said
one of the most underrated traits in
business in life is
reliability he says uh you can get damn
far by just being someone who people can
count on to show up punch the clock and
do the work I gave exactly this speech
to a young person
recently exactly I said you don't
understand how easy it is to succeed in
today's world if you're the person who
shows up Upon Time doesn't take
unnecessary Monday and Friday SI days
does what you say you will do and
doesn't complain too much about it
unless there's something genuine to
complain about you're going to be in the
top 20% of every
Workforce do do you all know that right
that all the adults already know this
it's something that children don't know
but every adult already knows that it's
actually rare for people to Simply
follow up on what they say said they
would do if you just do that one thing
you will rule or at least be in the top
20% of every Workforce now at the same
time we're seeing estimates that you
know 40% of the jobs will go to uh
robots I don't think it's going to be
that dire I think robots will create as
many jobs as they take away we'll see
how that works out but if you're worried
about it if you're worried about you'll
be one of the employees who gets in the
the the lower 50% and therefore you
might be replaced by a robot try the
simplest thing first try being
reliable try showing up on time try
doing what you say you'll do you'll
probably be fine you won't be in the
bottom 50% that gets fired and replace
with
robots we'll get to the bigger stories
in a minute I like these fun ones these
are all pallet
cleansers well NBC News when full racist
and they had a story today that says
that uh uh black patients who have heart
problems and apparently there's pretty
high rate of heart disease in in Black
Americans um that they might not do as
well if they go to a non-black
Cardiologist and the thinking here is
that if you go to a doctor in this case
a specialist who has a let's say a
greater appreciation for your lifestyle
culture that you're going to get a
better
outcome that's NBC
news now let's dig into this a little
bit what are they trying to tell
me uh and it was alarming because my
doctor is female and brown and I don't
know exactly what her background is
maybe Indian I don't know I mean she's
American but um I don't know what her
ethnic background is
however
um I have I have seen that she does
generally a very good job despite NBC
News warning me that I will have bad
outcomes if I don't match the race uh
and probably ethnicity too of my doctor
so I'm a big RIS now the only places
I've seen this are just a few
places um there was there was last year
I went to my doctor and I was
complaining about an arm problem you
know I had some stiffness in one arm and
my doctor was completely stumped but she
was smart enough to recommend me to uh a
specialist so the specialist has um
exactly the same background as my
regular doctor so there's no difference
in the resume but the but she but the
specialist was a white man it was a
white man because my doctor knew that I
needed a doctor for at least for the the
hard stuff I probably needed a doctor
who was my same gender and same race I
mean that's why NBC News has reported
that that's important and sure enough
it's the sort of thing I would have
doubted but but here's how it went I
said down with a Doctor Who's white like
me and male like me first question out
of his out of his mouth when I say my
arm is all stiff he
says do you like uh old 70s
rock and I was like
what and they said do you like old 70s
rock sounds I was like
you know I do I mean just look at me you
think I don't like 70s rock take one
look at me
obviously and then he
said do you ever air
guitar and there it
was yeah finally finally when when my
doctor matched my ethnicity and my
gender
finally um he was like he was was like a
laser focused Target and he found the
problem indeed I've been over a
guitaring 270s rock now did my brown
female doctor have any
idea that I was at that kind of risk no
no so like NBC News I'm GNA I'm going to
double down on their advice you need to
find somebody who looks just like you
because the medical advice from people
who don't look just like you could be
way off so next time ask for a
specialist somebody who has the same
talents as your
doctor but looks
different according to racist NBC
News well here are two problems we've
got in the United States uh well a few
of them actually our food is too
expensive do you agree our food is too
expensive you know relative to what we
would like it to be uh um let's see we
don't have enough manufacturing capacity
sort of in general but we're talking
about it a lot because of uh ammunition
we don't have enough people to make
ammunition in case we get into a
shooting war and generally speaking if
we'd like to reshore a lot of China's
business we don't have the manufacturing
capacity so is it my
imagination or did we by Pure
Luck have have two problems that are all
self-solving or three or four I feel
like all of our problems are
self-solving huh we have this gigantic
recent labor force that may not have
specific skills but they can do
manufacturing and
farming we've got our food's too
expensive and we don't have enough
manufacturing and farming but we've got
all these people who don't have jobs who
would like jobs and are mobile and are
not tied to any specific part of the
country so if we wanted to centralize
them in some large empty part of the
country in the Middle where they would
get instant jobs and we would get
instant manufacturing it would take a
little while to build the the factory
but you know we've got a lot of Labor to
build the factory as well and then they
would work the fields and perhaps they
would live in boxable homes or adus or
instant popup homes that we now have
know how to make in volume and we would
solve all of our problems not only that
but we would be the only industrial
count not in a recession because we
would figure out a way how to monetize
our biggest problems because if there's
one thing United States does better than
any country
ever and this is one thing you'll agree
one thing the United States consistently
does better than any country that's ever
lived in the entire
world is we figure out how to make a
profit out of our
fuckups we know how to monetize problems
you got a problem we'll monetize it do
do you have too much racism in your
country well let's let's build a racism
grifter uh industry we'll monetize that
 yeah yeah you got too many
criminals well how about we build you
some private prisons we'll monetize that
 yeah anything else you want we'll
monetize it so we've got all these
problems of too many um illegal migrants
food's too expensive and we don't have
many
manufacturing these problems solve each
other don't
they am I wrong in the short run it's
just nothing but expense and
problem in the long run if we had a
functional country there would be some
State who would say you know what we got
a lot of Blank Space here and a lot of
it's owned by the government why don't
we just say this is a special economic
zone if you build here you don't even
have to pay taxes
how about ever just no taxes if you
build here and we're going to employ all
these people we're going to build
manufacturing we're going to make your
uh we're going to make the ability to
build these little boxable type boxable
is a a little house that unfolds I think
Elon Musk is one of the investors um you
bring in your Advanced farming
techniques maybe you got some indoor
farming too and you just see what works
just see what
works you know the now Germany
apparently is entering a recession we
heard Great Britain and Japan is but
we're not part of it is because of
government spending but part of it might
be that our um our population is
growing so we have the only growing pop
you know you could complain because we
added more people from illegal migration
than were born naturally that's a
problem maybe but it might also be an
opportunity might might actually be an
Economic Opportunity in the long run let
me ask you this this this will be a real
good economic question for you if we
close the border today it won't happen
so this is all hypothetical let's say we
Clos the Border tight and we still have
people in but they had you have to have
better reasons and be vetted and
everything so it'd be just a functional
immigration system do you think that the
people who have already been let in uh
let's say the last 10 million we'll just
we'll just Li to the last the most
recent 10
million will they be in the long run in
the long run economically positive or
negative to the country go in the long
run economically positive or
economically
negative the correct answer is
positive yeah and and that's actually an
easy one do you know why population adds
to your
economy population is great and
immigrants are
great immigrants are great for an
economy you want the ones who are so
incentivized you know not the terrorists
of course there's some terrorists coming
in too but if you're just looking at
dollars and
cents I'm almost certain that it cost a
ton of money in the short run but if you
looked at it in a
generation it would be
positive now uh I'm going to make that
as a
challenge so do your own research and
see if you can confirm or or debunk that
now remember we all agree that for
several years the 10 million will not be
positive do you all agree with that do
you all agree that in the short run
there's no way it could be good because
it's it's just an expense but each one
of these people are likely to get a
foothold they're likely to earn money
and by the second generation their own
kids they're very likely to be
hardworking citizens who just want to
dig in and make a difference like
everybody
else so I would like to I would like to
put that out there as a reframe and a
challenge to your thinking I I know that
probably almost everybody watching this
is very anti- illegal immigration am I
right pretty much we're universally
anti- illegal immigration we're also
almost but not all of us very PR legal
immigration so long as people are
checked out and we make sure that they
could add to the country we're all on
the same page with that stuff the only
thing I'm suggesting is if you game it
out for a generation you probably come
out
aead imagine if you went back to the
Statue of Liberty days you know Ellis
Island how many people who were uh let's
say alive at the time just Americans who
were born born here how many of them saw
all the immigration coming in of people
who spoke different languages and
remember in those days in those days
Italian was like
black it just sounds so so dumb today
it's like ah you're a little bit extra
Brown
so you know it was like the most racist
World possible so these people were
coming to the country with no
money into you know into this racist
country they were all different things
many of them didn't speak the
language
and did it
work if you looked at it from today's
perspective did Mass immigration of
people with low skills and speaking the
wrong language from all different places
did it add or subtract to our
economy I think it I think it
added I'm wrong again do you think we'd
be be better off without massive
immigration I'm pretty sure all
economists agree agree with me on this
point now if there's anybody here who
has a business and economics
background uh then I will listen to you
if you don't have a business and
economics background I don't have any
interest in your
opinion no insult I don't mean to insult
you I'm just not interested because it
wouldn't it wouldn't have any weight it
wouldn't have any value you know I'm not
I don't mean to insult you I'm just
saying that there's some things you
imagine are common sense and they're far
from it right if you think you can
Common Sense yourself into understanding
the migrant situation not even
close the the common sense can't can't
touch this is way too complicated if
you're gaming it out for the whole
generation you don't know my guess is
people equals Prosperity pretty much
every time do you know why India is
going to
be maybe the biggest superpower
economically people number of people do
you know why China is such a risk
economically and every other way it's
people it's just number of people if you
got more people you can raise a bigger
Army just period this just how it works
yeah Japan Japan superpower because a
lot of people so so I think we can hold
two thoughts at the same time you can
hold the thought that we really need to
get a hold of immigration because it's a
really expensive thing and it's too fast
at the moment but I think it's not
unreasonable to say it's all going to
work
out we have to go through this patch
which is dangerous but it'll work out
it'll all work
out all right
um uh even RFK Jr is saying who who the
ACT is in charge of the country and
you'd think you would know if you're RFK
Jr don't you think you would know by now
who's in charge of the country but even
he says in a post during the 35 years
I've known Joe Biden he's always
demonstrated his core decency he has
shown his affection and esteem for my
family by displaying a bust of my father
in the Oval Office I suspect that the
White House decision to deny my secret
service
protection and many other more important
decisions are being made not by the
president himself but by the anonymous
men in lanyards who now seem to be
running our
government well RFK Jr men in lanyards
men did you say
men my God the sexist sexist
guy can't stand it his sexism it should
be the men and women and lanyards who
are secretly running the country country
even though they're all really men no
I'm just saying that and just joking
it's men and
women
um now if you and I were saying this it
would sound a little conspiracy theory
nutcase right but when RFK JR says it
gives you a very clear example of it
that we've all been tracking his lack of
Secret Service protection for no reason
at
all it you have to take that pretty
seriously we really do not know who's
making our decisions or why now if you
do take the Mike Ben theory that the
Atlantic council is running all the
geopolitical stuff and the domestic
stuff is probably just H you know the
Deep State bureaucrats are handling so
that's probably the answer it's probably
no mystery at all uh here's some fake
economic news and I say fake economic
news because you should not trust in the
election year do not trust Energy prices
job reports inflation reports or GDP
they will all be gamed because it's an
election year don't trust any of those
numbers that said hey they look pretty
good I can't help myself I I have to I
have to still look at them even though I
don't trust them so one of them is the
natural gas prices are the lowest since
uh mid
2020 so that's good and and gas prices
are definitely lower than the highest
place they're not where they want to be
we want them to be we are creating we're
dring more oil than we ever have it's
probably
true um jobs look good
inflation weirdly appears to be heading
in the direction of under control but
there's some disagreement on that uh
um and then the GDP of course is always
gamed so you never know what's in there
how much is inflation all that other
stuff but just generally don't get too
excited about any economic news that
looks good because it's probably all
going to be gamed by the administration
that's in power yeah so don't trust it
too
much and then the uh of course the stock
market is the most gamed thing of
all all right
here's an interesting post I saw what
what is the monthly rate of some of
the top places so if you wanted a
one-bedroom apartment in the middle of
the city in New York it would cost you
over $4,000 a month one
bedroom and where I live in San
Francisco I'm outside of it but in San
Francisco it' be 3,300 for one-bedroom
in the middle of the
city uh in Boston
3,100 but in you go to Miami it's 2,800
Los Angeles
2600 now how in the world is it better
to live in New York at 4,000 than Miami
or Los Angeles for 2800 or 2600 New York
sounds pretty expensive compared to what
you
get um I think it's a little bit less in
my neighborhood but clearly the biggest
thing we need
are uh cheaper ways to live that's going
to be the big the big
thing all right uh there's a fake chart
on the internet that shows uh the
increase in average income versus the
increase in rent you'll see the average
income is slowly climbing and the rent
prices are you know hockey sticking
up uh it's a fake chart which I reposted
just to show you that the community note
pointed that one of the one of the
things was inflation adjusted and the
other was
not so
pretty much every chart on the Internet
is
fake it's really hard to find any data
on the internet that's not fake it's all
fake yeah so this one was fake because
one was inflation adjusted and one was
not that doesn't mean that the rents are
not increasing higher than income it
just wouldn't look that
dire um I saw a post from the amuse
account great account to follow
amuse um that beer sales might be going
down in part because OIC is going up so
if you take the OIC drug to lose weight
uh it kills your appetite for things
especially uh alcohol not especially but
includes alcohol so that's one
reason um that alcohol might be down so
I asked I just asked on the xplatform
how many people had stopped drinking
because they' heard that alcohol is
poison
now that's something I've been saying a
lot as a
reframe and I'm just going to look at
the answer because it's pretty
impressive look at these
numbers all right so have you stopped
drinking alcohol because you heard that
quote alcohol is poison now I've got so
help me do the math there's there over
12,000
votes and 18% said
yes thousands of people stopped alcohol
completely just because they heard that
sentence and that's just the people that
happened to follow me on X happen to see
the just happen to see the uh results or
the poll and happen to
answer now I'm not looking at the
percentage right that wouldn't mean
anything so I'm not looking at the
percentage that did and didn't I'm only
looking at just the number who
quit and the number who cut down is
26% so if you had the 26% who cut down
to the 18% who just
quit uh you got your uh
44% so something
like five or six, people reduced or quit
alcohol because of one
sentence but that and that's just the
ones that who report it the actual
number must be you know
some big multiple of
that
now is that impressive for how powerful
a reframe is it literally just changed
the words and didn't add anything
because you already knew that you know
the alcohol wasn't good for
you yeah so I remind you that my book
reframe your brain is got over 160
reframes uh that this one is one of them
and they're all this power ful they can
make you feel everything from less
social
embarrassment to healthier and a variety
of ways you know so mental health
physical health and career-wise whole
bunch of reframes that could be just as
powerful as this one are you impressed I
I can't tell from your comments to me
this is amazing it's just just flat out
amazing yeah I wouldn't have guessed it
there's no way I would have imagined
that it would make that much difference
but there it is
anyway I saw a post by Jimmy door he's
he's a reposting a John Campbell thing
showing that there's a some big increase
in blood clots that people think might
be related
to the vaccinations and uh
representative margorie Taylor
green she also waited on this she say
yes these huge weird clots are
real and doctors and bombers have only
been seeing them since the vaccines came
out and were mandated now is that
true do you think that there is a
massive clotting
problem that's so massive and obvious
that even Jimmy door who's not in the
medical world can see that it's clearly
a big
problem and then margerie Taylor green
is reporting it and that there's a they
would say uh that there's you know
observable massive difference to what it
was so what would what do you think
would happen if you did a Google search
to try to find out if this is real or if
it's been debunked because pretty much
every pandemic issue is either confirmed
when you Google it it might be wrong but
you know the the science will confirm it
um or it's
debunked or it's debunked do you know
what happens if you Google this if you
look for are these uh clots caused by
the vaccination or you look for John
Campbell do you know what you'll
find you'll find this uh one study that
says getting covid causes
clots and that we could see that
happening before the vaccinations were
even
available I'm not saying it's true well
hold on hold on half of you just called
me a a vaccination supporter right
because that's what happens if you try
to add any Nuance to the discussion half
of the world goes oh you're a you love
the vaccines CL Scott get some more
boosters why don't you get some more
boosters Scott right that's what's
happening right now there's a whole
bunch of you are all mad you're mad at
me why are you mad at me I'm just
telling you that the Google search
engine doesn't work it is very obvious
very obvious when you do your own Google
search and by the way you should you
should here's what you won't find you
will not find confirmation that is
real but here's the scary
part you won't find a
debunk now that's
scary it's a major claim that probably
all of you have seen right is there
anybody here who has not seen the claim
I mean it's literally part of the
language
clawshot am I right it's the most common
claim the single most common claim and
if you do a Google search you will find
neither confirmation that it exists nor
and here's the scary part A
debunk you won't find either one if you
Google search it would be like well
maybe the co itself caused some in this
one
study they just happened to be before
the
vaccinations so here's all I'd like to
say about
this I don't know what's true about
anything because all of our sources of
information are so deeply deeply
corrupted that it's actually possible
this could be a massive National problem
and we wouldn't know about it that's
actually
possible I think it's unlikely if I had
to place my bet I would place this this
is not
real and the reason is If This Were Real
I don't know how even Google could keep
it silent because at the very least
you'd see massive doctors posting on it
on
X um because there must be plenty of
places where they could determine this
is true and then you'd also you'd also
see uh lots of
interviews and and then somebody like
Tucker Carlson would say right but you
know can you show me your work and you
know did you really test this and did
you test it against a control group and
all of that stuff so the lack of that
and the fact that it's not even on X in
any robust form where they're showing
both sides makes me think it's not
real but let me say very clearly it
could be I don't know my my main problem
is there's no way to know but let me
tell you this let me tell you the thing
I know for
sure
here's the thing I know with 100%
certainty if you're sure you know it
causes clots that's not
rational if you're sure it doesn't
that's not rational either those two
positions are the irrational ones the
rational ones is you don't have any
information that you could depend on
plus or minus there's just no
information
so there's that
all right um there's a panel of experts
who got together to decide who are the
best and worst Presidents turns out that
Joe Biden huh he came in 14th that's not
bad is it 14th out of
406 um that's not bad not bad um but
where did Donald Trump go oh dead last
dead last huh because the panel of
experts is something you could totally
believe in 202
24 am I right there's nothing more
reliable than a panel of experts in an
election year in
2024 and it's on the
internet because that's totally re AG
you know something you believe now um
where in the story does it tell you the
political affiliation of the panel of
experts nowhere we don't need to
know because you know exactly what's
going on we live in a world in which
every panel of experts every fake fact
Jacker every watcho group like the
ADL and you know the southern whatever
group they're all
fake BLM fake antifa fake patrio front
fake panel of experts
fake fact check organizations
fake Southern Property Law Center fake
now probably all of them do enough real
stuff that they can point to the real
stuff the news The Washington Post fake
they're all
fake yeah so you didn't need to know
that this wasn't reliable you only
needed to know it was a panel of
experts let let me give you a test I'm
going to see if you've learned your
lesson here's the
test there is a organization that's not
government organization
uh but they're they're weighing in on
something important in politics but
they're not a government organization
are they credible no they're fake and I
just made it up even if they were real
they'd be fake 100% of them are fake
there are no real
ones real ones don't
exist you if you think that some are
real and some are not you're not paying
attention to anything
no they're all fake and they were
designed for that purpose they're
designed to be fake they didn't they
they weren't formed to be real and then
they drifted into something else
although the ADL might have that that
might be an exception they might have
done good work at one point but now
they're just a fake Democrat
organization
so just learn
that there is a report and I don't know
how much credibility put on this that
fonny Willis the uh da there down in
Fulton um that much of her campaign
finances are
sketchy now I don't know much about this
story and I it's not seems to be not in
any mainstream press so I'm going to I'm
going to put a question mark next to it
but there is some question about her uh
campaign financing it looks a little
sketchy all right uh speaking of sketchy
there is an alleged trucker delivery
strike involving New York City which
would mean that the truckers would
simply refuse for seven days to deliver
anything to New York City now seven days
would be enough to make a point but
presumably wouldn't you know crash the
city nobody' starve
um I would say keep an eye on this one I
don't recommend this because I think the
truckers themselves are in too much
Jeopardy I I I feel like the truck
truckers will be just targeted and
hunted just like Canada so I don't know
if it'll make a
difference uh but we'll keep an eye on
that so this sort of an interesting one
to watch is it my imagination or has
there been a news blackout on this story
in the mainstream news has anybody seen
the so-called trucker thing in the
mainstream news maybe just on Fox News
once or
twice I I can't tell is real or if it's
just somebody wants to make it real well
we'll keep keep an eye on
that all right here is a uh another
article by Jonathan
Turley talking again about the uh
lawfare against Trump and here's
something he said in his article today
he said uh quote having campaigned on
bagging Trump on any basis he's talking
about Leticia James here he says having
campaigned on bagging Trump on any basis
James turned the law into a virtual
license to hunt him down along with his
family and his
associates
hunt there's Jonathan
Turley who I believe is not prone to
hyperbole I've been reading him for a
long time he's not the higho guy he
really does show both sides I believe
he's a registered Democrat has voted
mostly Democrat I think I'm right on
that and but he does try to call balls
and Strikes and does a great job of it
and he's using the word
hunt now I would like to remind you some
of my best predictions now best doesn't
mean most accurate because there are a
lot of things that we all predict that
you know when it comes true a lot of us
predicted it right so for example I
don't take much credit for predicting
that um Biden would not be able to serve
two terms or even one without his uh
mental health being a gigantic
problem so I got that right but I don't
take a lot of pride in that because you
got that one right too am I right did
did you all get that one
right I think you did I think almost
everybody got that right so I don't take
a lot of pride in that one I take pride
in ones that were absolutely off thewall
or seemed like it and then came
true uh I predicted in 2020 that if
Biden won the election that Republicans
would be hunted it was the most mocked
I've ever been for a
prediction that and the trolls came in
it's like ah Mo they're haunted oh show
us who's haunted Scott who got haunted
well the January 6 people um in Canada
the truckers and now even the quite
reasonable Jonathan Turley uses the word
hunt in this context the law fair looks
like hunting to me
the cancellations of one one after
another of everybody who supports Trump
that looks like hunting to me so that
was one of my better predictions all
right let me give you some idea of I'll
just remind you to brag a little bit
some of my least likely predictions my
2016 prediction that Trump would win
when he was a 2021
underdog now I also predicted uh he
would win in 2020 but I didn't really
feel
it I didn't feel it like I did in 2016
but if he had won I wouldn't have taken
a lot of credit for that because a lot
of you would have predicted the same
thing right so no no big surprise there
um I predicted that the so-called Sonic
weapon for the embassies was I
believe I'm the only one I I didn't see
any public person say on day one this is
obviously a mass hysteria it's one of my
best and and I was positive about it
there was no doubt about
um I also predicted a lot of people
don't remember this but when the project
warp speed was first announced I I
predicted publicly a number of times
that the vaccinations they produced
wouldn't
work how many of you remember that I
said it a few
times I said they wouldn't work I did
get them anyway but I did predict they
wouldn't
work why I got them is a different story
um I predicted that Russia would not be
able to
conquer
um conquer Ukraine in two weeks like
everybody said now I didn't make a
prediction about what would happen if it
took years and I didn't make a
prediction about any particular domains
that they did take control of I just
said they wouldn't take Kei and it would
be because the ukrainians would have
better smarter weapons than Russia might
have counted on and they would have the
home court advantage and that's why
happened now I also made the worst
prediction that Russia was only bluffing
and wouldn't enter
Ukraine because it would be
disastrous totally wrong but it was
right that they didn't win right
away I'm the only person who told you
that fouchi was lying when he first said
that face masks don't work now it turns
out they don't work but what I spotted
was that it was a lie separate from the
question of whether they work I knew he
was lying when he said it and then he
later admitted I'm the only one I'm the
only one in the entire country who said
the day he said it that's a lie and then
he admitted it later nobody else got
that
one
um I also said K Harris would likely be
the nominee and you know might be
president uh but she was for two hours
I'm not going to take credit for that
one it's just a weird coincidence that
that one was right for for two
hours Ali Alexander also said what about
the
masks I don't remember
that well let's see
uh uh president Lula of Brazil uh is no
longer welcome in Israel they're mad at
him because he said that uh that what
Israel is doing in Gaza is a
holocaust here's my uh my little
tip if any of you would like to never be
invited to Israel
again just call anything they do at
Holocaust not going to be invited you
know your invitations will dry up
immediately if you do that but um I
would like to add this um the biggest
asset that any country has besides maybe
nuclear weapons and even in this case it
applies is the psychology of the country
country and also the psychology of the
other countries and how they see you now
Israel's had this gigantic asset
ironically it's an asset which is the
Holocaust which is uh we all see their
situation as special because the
Holocaust is unparalleled in our
imaginations and and in history I'm sure
it's not unparalleled but we we see it
that way now and
if you lose that if you're Israeli and
you lose that
psychological you know gigantic asset
that you're that you get a little bit of
special treatment and consideration
because nobody else that we know went
through a holocaust quite like that yes
you can mention the other Holocaust and
I accept that but in our
Consciousness the World War II Holocaust
is you know the one that's in the front
of your
head um in my opinion I think Israel has
largely spent that asset now it doesn't
mean it wasn't worth it so I'm not going
to say it's mistake but they're very
pointedly spending that asset and when
it's done the rest of the world is not
going to say you get special treatment
because of the
Holocaust they're going to
say things were bad things were done to
Jews and Jews did bad things it's a tie
I'm not saying that just to be clear I'm
not saying that I'm saying that's what
people were going to say that would that
would be a common opinion so I wonder
how much of an impact this will have if
it turned out that the outcome was
um that Israel gets full control and it
becomes a one state and 100 years from
now Israel's bigger and controls all
that territory you're going to say it
was all worth it and that was a a good
investment they gave up the Holocaust
asset but in return they got much safer
perhaps that might be the
outcome
um representative
T says don't fight for B for Biden
because of the Gaza situation that's
pretty interesting so the the leftist of
the leftists say don't vote now she
doesn't say do vote for
Trump uh that would be going too far but
it's interesting that she broke
ranks and
um
yeah and then my last my last uh story
here which is one of my favorites I get
this also from the amuse account on X
which you should
follow
and this is so diabolically clever that
I'm sort of obsessed with it it's not
really going to happen but I'm kind of
obsessed with
it so amuse says thought as long as mail
and B are allowed all drug tests should
be mailin
too oh
wow did that hit you the way it hit
me now by itself it's just a really
clever
observation it doesn't really have any
impact on anything in the real world
here's how it could imagine if you will
somebody like a uh Matt Gates just to
use an example person imagine if he
tried to flow some legis ation to allow
uh all drug tests to be mailin in the
corporate
world and that is argument is that we've
proven that mailin uh mailin is a safe
system and we should extend it to people
who may have some shyness about peeing
in front of other people now I happen to
be one of those people if I were in a
corporate environment where I had to
take a drug test I actually physically
couldn't do it because physically you
need to be somewhere around where
somebody either watches or can listen to
you urinating in a cup I would never be
able to do that and and probably 5% of
the country couldn't do that are you one
of them in tell me in the comments if
you could do that somebody's listening
and you've got to perform could you do
it I can't do it yeah I'm seeing a
number of people it's probably in the 5
10% range something like that now that
would be enough legitimate Health reason
to say that mailin drug tests should be
confidential and you should be allowed
to mail it in if you're applying for a
corporate
job wait what are you saying you're
saying that would lead to uh what
massive fraud no
no what are you thinking mailin drug
tests are just as safe as mailin ballots
and we know that mailin ballots are safe
because we just had the courts find
absolutely no problems with them am I
right name me name me one court that
ruled that mailin ballots made the
election illegitimate none none so since
the court systems according to every
Democrat in the world have ruled that
there's no problems no problems with
mailin ballots we should extend that by
legislation by
legislation to mailin drug
tests is that
brilliant is that like the best idea
you've heard all day I mean it's almost
as good as solving those pyramid
rocks yeah now and just to be clear
nobody would ever vote for that right
nor would you maybe want them to I mean
in my case I'd like it if if I were ever
in that position
but it would force people to talk about
it it would force it into headlines it
would force Democrats in every big
company to say mailin is not
secure now of course they would try to
say oh
you
right-wing white supremacists are trying
to compare two things that can't be
compared they're different of course
they're
different is that comparison fair and no
not really because analogies should
never win you an argument I say that
twice a week analogy should never win
you an argument so you shouldn't change
mail in voting because of something
about pissing in a bottle do we
agree you shouldn't change your voting
system because of pissing in a bottle is
you know they're just not
comparable um but it will make people
think about it it it would force you to
wrestle with the security problems of a
mail in
anything and that ladies and gentlemen
is the best President's Day Live stream
you're likely to see because I remind
you again that other people are lazy and
they don't care about you as much as I
do I care that's why I'm here every day
because I care and the weak people who
take the day off oh it's Pres president
day I couldn't possibly add value to the
world on a day in which we artificially
decided to celebrate people who are
elected for no particular reason because
we don't have like you know State
assemblyman day so yes lazy bastards
lazy lazy bastards and I'm glad you're
here with those of us who are
go-getters all right and ladies and
gentlemen
uh I will talk to you later on the
xplatform and Rumble and on YouTube
thanks for
joining