stocks are up look at that almost across
the board everything's looking good well
that's a good way to start the weekend
if it uh if it works out that way let's
see if it closes if it closes on a high
we'll be
happy all right we're almost ready here
for the show of
shows the thing that will make you so
happy are you ready for this
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and I'm
pretty sure you've never had a better
time but if you'd like to take it up to
levels that nobody can understand with
their tiny shiny human brains all you
need for that is a cup or mugar glass a
tanker cheler Stein a canteen Jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your fav liid I like coffee and join me
now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine here of the day the thing that
makes everything better with a little
oxytocin today a little bit it's called
the simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go ah
extraordinary the best ever
probably well this might surprise you
but did you
know according to uh Psychology today
this Smelling Coffee can increase your
attention in memory that's right they
did a little study where they they just
gave people the smell of coffee and it
gave them some of the the mental
benefits of actually drinking coffee and
then they made this mistake they called
it the placebo
effect no that's not the placebo effect
um that's hypnosis
now I'm just sort of uh recreationally
playing with
this but the placebo effect as I
understand it is if they give you a fake
medication and you don't know it's fake
but because you expect it might work
there's something about your expectation
that makes it
work
um whereas I think what's happening with
the coffee test is that because real
coffee gives you real mental benefits
that being triggered by the smell of
coffee makes you remember and Associate
those mental benefits and and puts you
back into that state that would be
closer to
hypnosis so hypnosis is where you pair
two things so that the quality of one
thing kind of slops over into the other
the reason that beer companies used to
do commercials with attractive you know
young people was people would like
looking at the young people and
especially the women and they'd feel
good and then when they saw that brand a
beer they' transfer some of that good
feeling into the beer so uh I feel like
the reason that the people Smelling
Coffee performed better is because it
triggered their past memory not because
it uh influenced their expectations of
what would work that's what I
think anyway
um here's some backward science
according to the University of College
University College of
London uh did you know that adults who
frequently post on social media uh are
more at risk of developing mental health
problems so apparently it doesn't hurt
you so much to um consume social media
that's not highly corelated with mental
problems but if you post a lot and you
also consume it
it's highly correlated with mental
problems so did this study show that the
more you post the more likely you'll
have a mental
problem no I think it's backward
science backwards science let me explain
what I
mean if you've ever had incredibly good
sex with somebody you were in a
long-term relationship with and you were
in love with and you remember how good
that felt while you were doing it when
you were right in the middle of it did
you ever feel a like a pressing need to
post something on social media or were
you perfectly happy doing what you were
doing at the moment I'm going to say you
were happy you're happy so could it
be that rather than posting on social
media gives you mental problems could it
be that if you're not happy with your
life you're looking for something
outside of your life to give you a
little thrill I've got a feeling that
being unhappy is what makes you post I
don't think that the posting is so much
what makes you
unhappy but I think both are true I
think I think it's true both ways but I
think it's more about unhappy people are
looking for something to fill the need
and if you were already happy you
probably wouldn't do a lot of posting
except maybe family pictures or
something um according to the hill the
Pentagon has finally admitted they don't
know what's up with
UFOs so uh apparently in the past there
have been a lot of denying and OB
obfuscating there's a word I read a lot
but I don't say out loud a lot
obfuscating hey Bob you've been Aus
skating I never I never say that word I
only read
it um so apparently during some briefing
with the reporters this new director of
the uh I guess there's a pentagon
Department to look for these
anomalous flying
things and uh said said and said quote
this is klasi that's the director there
are interesting cases that I with my
physics and Engineering background and
time in the intelligence Community I do
not understand and I don't know anybody
else who understands them
either all right
um I'm still at no for UFOs being aliens
from other planets I think I'm still at
no for any kind of you know early human
beings who are hidden below the ocean
Who come out every now and then with
their high-tech to to look at the UN
civilized people probably not probably
not not impossible I mean I I like
thinking about those things being
possible recreationally
but no I don't think so I think that
when somebody says you know I can't
explain it with my physics and
Engineering background that all it means
is I can't explain it with my
engineering and physics background so
the only thing we know for sure is that
we don't know anything that's pretty far
from saying aliens have visited the
planet I don't know why I'm seeing what
I see that's all you know you don't know
anything else you only know that you
don't know so I don't know think that
got us closer to admitting there's some
kind of uh other kind of Life Force here
maybe well according to the independent
there's this new scientific breakthrough
in China where they made camouflage
material that uh will instantly change
color to match your background sort of
like animals do chameleons so if you
wear these
clothes you will just sort of disappear
into the
background now since you don't wear
clothes on your on your
face um I'm kind of looking forward to
this cuz wouldn't you love being like a
floating
head what when you love to walk into a
room and people go ah oh damn it are you
wearing those camouflage camouflage
closing clothing again and I would say
yes I'm Aus skating what I am no I
wouldn't say that because I don't say
AIS skating but uh I feel like the
opportunity to look like a floating head
is irresistible so I see big potential
for this technology floating head also
good for the office if your boss is
coming by if you just sort of Tuck into
a ball like if you have a hat or or face
mask just cover up
yeah um
meanwhile here here's a story that is so
good that I can't believe it's
true according to EV
Central mercedesbenz has developed a
paint a paint for the car that would be
enough to charge your car for almost all
normal
business in other words Mercedes Benz
allegedly has developed a paint that
would be as robust as the paint on your
car is now so it wouldn't be a bad kind
of paint either but that it can actually
create enough electricity the paint
itself is designed to be like a solar
panel but just paint and it's so
efficient that that you could drive you
know like 50 miles a day or something
basically your commute without ever
buying
fuel now do you believe
that doesn't that sound a little bit too
good that your cars would basically
never need fuel all you have to do is
paint it with this kind of paint I don't
know it's not going to happen right away
they're saying 5 to 10 years but I'm
going to say I'm going to say probably
not if I had to place a bet I would
place a bet that you will not be able to
completely power your car for normal
business because of the
paint it sounds good but I don't know
that's the sort of thing that never
really
happens in other news the University of
Canterbury said they they they fed kids
these little
micronutrients and it reduced their
irritability anger and
aggression and supposedly had a big
difference in their improving their
emotional and Regulatory systems do you
know how they could have saved a little
bit of money on that yeah they could
have just asked me uh I've told this
story before but it's one of my
favorites of understanding human
behavior when um I was in my first marri
marriage and I had there were two step
kids and they were they were young very
young and they would often get in
arguments with each other because they
were close in age and they'd be fighting
it out you know verbally fighting it out
and
uh and I would say ah we're going to
have to do something you know what are
we going to do and my ex-wife would say
oh they're just
hungry and I would think what do you
mean they're just
hungry the their their behavior you know
is is like aggressive and they're
they're yelling at each other that's not
hunger there there's something else
going on it can't be just hunger and
then she would put down a plate of food
like what lunch or whatever whatever the
meal was and and their moods would
completely change they would sit down
and take two bites and they'd be in a
good mood and I'd be like is this really
happening did did you just cure
somebody's like entire mental situation
with a hot dog yes yes
all they had to do was eat and and they
were fine and I watched I watched that
experiment repeated a number of times
yeah food it it makes people
relaxed but it's more to my point that
your body is your brain so if you don't
take care of your body you are not
taking care of your mental health got to
take care of your body
first all
right somebody says I post a lot
you know I do this for a living
right it's different it's different if
you're doing it every day anyway um the
house Intel panel according to the New
York Post uh is thinking that it's
increasingly likely increasingly likely
that the mysterious Havana syndrome
actually comes from some foreign actor
in other words uh the stories of the EM
mostly Embassy people American embassy
people having some kind of brain
disruption that they thought was maybe
some kind of a secret Sonic Russian
weapon and then then people looked into
it and they couldn't find any evidence
there was a weapon but now there there
is
further further
investigation and according to uh
subcommittee chairman Rick Crawford of
Arkansas quote I have discovered that
there is reliable evidence to suggest
that some anomalous health so they have
a name for it now anomalous Health
incidents the a ahis are the work of
foreign
adversaries now I I like representative
Rick
Crawford um he's one of the good
guys um but I don't think I quite
believe that there's evidence of
adversaries I think the only thing there
is is evidence that people have
complained they have certain kind of
jobs and that when investigated they
have real damage but the symptoms are
all over the place and when I see too
many symptoms I immediately think it's
not a weapon it's some
psychological effect now the the damage
could be
real but the the psychology might be
what's causing people to go have it
looked at and I I I suspect that this is
a perceptual
situation but I could be wrong so if I'm
wrong on this one if somebody someday
you know a whistleblower says yeah
here's the weapon I did it myself watch
I'll do it on this animal we'll test it
you know I could imagine someday I could
be convinced this was real but I would I
would place a really large bet that it
isn't at this point I will say that if
you if you attended a subcommittee in
which people gave you lots of evidence
which is like oh this person had this
problem and doctors says this problem
it's the documentary effect so if you
have a bunch of people coming in saying
it sure looks like a weapon to
me and nobody comes in to say here's the
evidence that it's not a weapon it's
going to feel like you really had a lot
of evidence that an adversary did it so
I would be I would say Beware of the
documentary effect if you have a
subcommittee that's taking testimony
that all kind of leads in One
Direction all
right uh meta according to Breitbart
News meta is going a big on nuclear
energy to to fuel their AI so he's going
to what's he going to do so I guess all
the big companies figure they got to
have some kind of connection to the
nuclear power industry this is just the
best thing it it turns out that the most
important part of AI
was to force countries like America to
take nuclear power seriously for the
first
time I feel like that might be the
enduring Legacy like the most important
part of AI is not even the
AI that that it got us to completely
revamp our whole understanding of our
energy situation because as many people
have pointed out um if you're making a
lot of money from energy or you're doing
your energy stuff right
your country does well you win Wars your
economy does well it it's all kind of
comes from energy can you think of any
country that produces a lot of energy
and isn't better off for it I mean
energy is kind of the whole game these
days so I think I think this is the
biggest thing that's happening
actually well according to ex-user
Terra I saw this story which is a funny
name first name is Tera last name is
bull but I think she does it humorously
like Terra bull I don't know I don't
think it's a real name it' be funny if
it were anyway uh so Elon Musk company
the boring company they they've got
these big boring machines that make
tunnels easily they got approved to do
uh tunnels in Vegas so they'll connect
the Vegas Airport to the
downtown and I got to tell you I don't
know if I could go into one of those
tunnels to me that's scary as hell I
mean it was hard enough to convince
myself to use Bart you know the the mass
transit in the Bay Area that goes under
the bay it's kind of it's kind of scary
to be under the
Bay now in reality you're probably safer
there than above ground right because if
you get deep enough down even the
earthquakes don't bother you you know
basically you're immune from just about
everything on the surface so you're
probably safer in one of these tunnels
than you are anywhere else on Earth but
man the psychology of it I don't know
how long I can stay in a little tunnel
that's feels like it's only about the
size of the
car I don't know you'd have to give me
some kind of
tranquilizer according to shyam Sankar
on X uh there are more data centers in
the US than in all other countries
combined
did you know that and and it's not even
close if you look at all the data
centers in the US it's like this
gigantic bar and all the other countries
are the just those little dots how in
the world can other countries ever
compete with us in that
scenario because it seems like um
ability to quickly build gig data
centers is what's going to drive Ai and
that's what's going to drive Rob
Robotics and that's what's going to
drive basically everything in the future
so if we have like a I know looks like a
50 to1 advantage or something over the
next best country that's doing data
centers that feels like really
big so we'll see if that makes a
difference
however um I want to be careful about
this next Point uh I do not give
Financial inv investment
advice now having told you I do not give
Financial investment advice I'm going to
say something that sounds a whole lot
like Financial investment
advice but it's an
observation uh trust me you don't want
to invest based on what I say honestly
you don't want to because I'm mostly
guessing and when it comes to individual
companies that's a bigger guess than
most things so here's here's my
feeling
personally I I sold my Nvidia stock
which had already gone up quite a bit
now the reason I got rid of it is not
because I think it's necessarily going
to go to zero tomorrow but because I
think it's so
vulnerable to
disruption because the cost of building
one of these Nvidia driven data centers
is just you know billions of dollars and
it just seemed to me this somebody's
going to figure out a way to do that way
more cheaply like somebody's going to
find a way to compress AI into some more
efficient form and then the entire
business
model you know might be destroyed
so AI has this weird quality where on
one hand it's the future and it's
everything so if you invest in the
biggest company that's doing the most
important thing for the most dynamic
thing you're probably in good shape
right which is why I bought Nvidia stock
in the first place is that it was almost
like a well not almost it was a monopoly
so one of the best pieces of investment
advice I ever got was from somebody
famous who I'm not going to tell you uh
it's somebody who's in the news quite a
bit actually but once told me privately
that he only invested in monopolies it's
just that they don't look like it like
Facebook is sort of a
monopoly you know Uber is close to being
in a
monopoly at least for a while um so I
thought inidia looked like one of those
it's it's why I also used to have stock
in in apple which by the way if You'
taken my advice and sold it when I did
you would have lost a lot of money
because it kept going up but both apple
and um AI have the weird quality that
things could change quickly and I don't
like to be an investment where something
could change completely like on a dime
for
example um you think the iPhone is
unbeatable and then next thing you know
Elon Musk says that starlink will be
able to provide phone service now that's
just the background phone service not
the device but how far away are
we from AI becoming the interface for a
generic phone that somebody like Elon
Musk could manufacture and just replace
the entire smartphone industry with some
kind of AI phone that works on
satellites I feel like that could happen
kind of kind of quickly so there's a um
some new news on the large language
models apparently somebody did in fact
come up with a new algorithm dubbed
calibration aware low Precision
decomposition okay doesn't matter what
it's called but uh somebody found a way
to
massively um change the size
of the Computing and and reduce the
increase the efficiency to the point
where it's sort of knocking on the door
of making Nvidia I won't say
obsolete but you wouldn't need as much
of
it and while I don't think you could bet
on any one breakthrough I'm not saying
this will change nvidia's fate I just
feel like the whole AI thing is just
begging for some kind of massive
disruption or somebody says instead of
this10 billion data center watch I put
it on your
phone that's basically what these guys
did it's a little less good than if it
ran through the data center and it uses
too much electricity on your phone so it
drain your phone but if those are the
only
problems the only problems it's a little
less
efficient and it uses a little more
electricity than your phone to me that
sounds kind of danger ous to the people
who sell billion dooll data
centers
but uh again I don't think this
breakthrough is going to change
everything but I feel like there's going
to be some massive massive AI related
technological breakthrough that makes
the data centers less less
important that's my
prediction um the FBI says that if you
text between an iPhone and Android it's
not secure meaning that it's not
encrypted
and so they they're saying maybe you
should use uh WhatsApp and
signal I'm here to tell you again as a
public service if you send a message in
any way to another human being you don't
have a secure
anything it doesn't matter if it was
Secure when it went across the network
it ended up with a Human Being Human
Beings can't be trusted are you kidding
me no there's no such thing as
secure
message you know trust me on this if
there's one thing you can you can be
sure of you can't trust the person on
the other side of the message you know
it's that that's a guarantee so no just
treat everything like it's public and
you'll be better
off
surprisingly the jobs report was revised
to make it better in
September H usually that close to the
election I would have thought it would
go the other way but um revised up the
number of jobs that were created and
unemployment at 4.2 which is you know a
little high but it's not crazy
high so that's looking pretty good all
right we got to talk about this United
healthc Care CEO
stuff um on one hand I usually don't
like to talk about individual um crimes
so I usually don't talk about the murder
or the you know the the one migrant who
did some Terrible Things No matter how
bad they
are because they seem
anecdotal and you get too hypnotized by
the anecdote and then you think it means
something larger than it does sometimes
it does but you could be fooled by that
so but this uh healthc care CEO
murder really is touching a lot of a lot
of third rail no what would I say
touching a lot of trigger
because people have so many issues with
healthare and with insurance
especially so here are some things that
are reported number one that these shell
Cas casings had somehow um carved into
them what do you call it when you carve
something at the metal uh what's the
name for that anyway uh etched in sort
of etched in and that it said something
about
uh um delay to deny and defend which is
the name of a book which is about how uh
healthcare insurance companies deny
claims to make money and so the thinking
is oh this was a sort of a political
statement something about the company
and the way it did business
but I don't think it's confirmed that
those shell casings have that have any
engraved thank you engraved is the word
I was looking for um I don't think
that's confirmed as
it I I feel like there was one source
that said it and then it got repeated
I'm going to wait on that one if I had
to
bet I would place a small bet that the
shell casings don't have that on them
and that that's just fake
news does anybody have the same feeling
I wouldn't place a big bet on it but i'
place a you know I'd bet a $100 you know
if somebody wanted to bet me I bet $100
that there's nothing on the shell
casings because it's exactly yeah it's
it's to on the nose but it's possible
now if there is something on the shell
casing does that mean that it was a
political
event no because the one thing we know
about the shooter is there was a lot of
preparation if there was a lot of
preparation it also opens up the
possibility that part of his escape plan
was to make you think it was done for a
different reason so if he had done it
for personal
reasons and he wanted to make you look
for you know people who had political
reasons so you know the uh the attention
would be diverted well maybe that would
be exactly how You' do it maybe you'd
put something on a shell casing so they
think ah we got him now it's
political but I feel like if it were
political you wouldn't you wouldn't do
it that way would you wouldn't you just
you know type out a message and drop it
there or something it it doesn't doesn't
feel right to
me the other thing I learned from this
is that you can't trust gun
experts did you have the same experience
I did which is oh finally here's a gun
expert who's who's going to explain what
we just saw and I go okay oh got it got
gun expert and then the very next gun
expert says the
opposite and then the very next gun
expert like a third
story I feel like some of the gun
experts are probably right but I can't
tell which ones because I'm not a gun
expert so I feel like the gun experts
are just one more example of you can't
believe experts about
anything but I'll tell you the things
that sound more believable than
others uh here's what I observed I
believe that he was experienced at using
that weapon because he kind of quickly
cleared it or reloaded it or recck it or
whatever he had to do he he seemed to
know that whatever the problem was was
immediately fixable so that would
suggest that he's he had he had
experience with the
weapon I would disagree with anyone who
says he's a professional Hitman who has
ever done this kind of work
before because uh as one of the gun
experts
said uh if you're going to if your job
is just to be a professional Hitman you
would walk up to him you'd put one
bullet in his head and then you'd drop
the weapon I don't know if that's still
make sense in today's today's ability to
find D DNA on anything but you know you
probably would have done a a head shot
and then you would have left right away
maybe left the weapon there um if it if
it was untraceable and you didn't have
any fingerprints on it
but um to me he didn't look like a
professional he looked like somebody who
was prepared but not a professional one
of the shots apparently hit hit the CEO
in the
calf
and I I just don't see that being a
professional job like I I don't know how
that happens um some people saying that
the the reason the gun appeared jammed
or had to be you know a reset was that
the there was some kind of crappy
silencer on it and uh he didn't he
didn't didn't calculate that if he put a
silencer on it the gun doesn't reset
itself after every shot and they had to
do it manually blah blah blah I don't
know it looks like just somebody who did
a lot of homework and did a little
practice but then there's a a photo
allegedly of the
shooter with his mask down where he was
allegedly flirting with somebody at some
hostel and he had had this big smile on
his
face and he and he looked kind of young
and handsome and he looked like a
particular movie star that I'm not going
to
mention and I thought to
myself I don't know he he just doesn't
he didn't look like an
angry person who was out to avenge you
know maybe a family member who had a bad
experience with insurance he just sort
of looked like he was having a good
time uh there there's something wrong
about all of it I don't know what it is
so some are saying it's not the same
person and I think that's possible that
it's not the same person um although it
look like the same
person yes and as the people in the
comments have told me the 22 caliber we
think it was a 22 caliber um some of
them are
subsonic which would give him some
problems with the uh with the instrument
of if that's what the problem was
so I don't
know we'll we'll wait on that did you
know he was separated from his wife for
a long time so my first impression was
her reaction didn't sound like a spouse
like there wasn't
enough it wasn't enough anguish or
something but they've been separated for
a while so you know maybe they weren't
on ideal terms that doesn't make her a
suspect obviously but
it would explain why she was a little
bit a little little less emotional than
you would expect if they were living in
the same house for the last several
years anyway um there's a new poll by JL
partners that says that Biden will be
the worst president in modern
history yeah I guess there were only
nine presidents that were ranked but uh
he was ranked
last now can I take a Victory lap
I'm pretty sure I've been saying he will
be he will be the worst president in
history now I'm not the only one right
so you can all take a Victory lap to but
I've been saying this for a while I mean
I think probably a year in I was saying
he'll be noted as the worst president
we've ever had here we
are so good
prediction um according to uh some kind
of new study the government only 6% of
federal workers show up in person on a
full-time basis according to a senate
report
6% of federal
workers work in the office the rest work
at home now I think so they have
requirements that they might come in
once a month or something in some cases
but basically work at home and Elon Musk
corrected it where that where they
thought only 6% came to work so Elon M
musk decided uh that wasn't accurate
enough so he posts this if you exclude
security guards and maintenance
Personnel the number the number is
closer to
1%
1% I think we have a lot of extra
buildings it feels
like well according to rasmuson
poll
um 55% of us voters think that Trump has
mandate because he won
convincingly um and of course that means
that most the most Republicans say he
has a mandate and interestingly
32%
um no yes something like 35% of of
Democrats agree the has a mandate that's
a lot actually now here's what I
think trying to put together the
clues so Trump likes dancing to
YMCA which some have said is like a gay
anthem and um now I think the
YMCA people they say it's not a gay
anthem but to the rest of the world it
looks like a gay anthem and then now we
find out that Trump has a
mandate let's see he has a gay theme
music and he has a manate
I think Trump's
gay no I'm just kidding I'm just kidding
he's
not all right
um there's a report Sky News is
reporting that Elon must spent more than
a quarter billion dollar getting Trump
elected it's funny a quarter billion
dollars sounds like a lot of money
doesn't it until you realize that
Twitter was 44
billion so for 44 billion he he
basically saved free speech and whatever
we have left of a democratic process for
a quarter of a billion he may have
pushed you know Trump over the finish
line and gave us a
chance of getting rid of you know some
of the worst situations we've ever been
in so I'll tell you Elon Musk um he
spends a lot of money but he sure spends
it in good ways that's like the best
quarter billion ever spent
all right um David Sachs has been uh
picked as the White House Ai and cryptos
are according to Trump so here's the
first part that's fascinating that there
would be aarre over these two things
that you think are
unrelated Ai and
crypto but they're not because you know
it just seems that those two worlds are
going to come together in a variety of
ways
but I love the fact that uh that they
combined them it just it just feels kind
of smart because if somebody's going to
be you know your Zar and Advising you
probably someone who's Smart in both of
these domains is is a pretty good way to
go so if you've watched the all-in Pod
or you've been paying attention to
politics you know that David Sachs is
the probably one of the smartest
Observers of American
politics and uh one of the smartest
people in the investment
world and having him on the most
critical new
technologies god it feels
good have any of you had this feeling
with a number of the appointments and a
number of things that Trump's doing that
it just feels like something special is
happening like you know everything from
Bezos kind of saying well you know let's
give this
give this a chance and um you know Jamie
Diamond saying similar things like hey
let's let's give this a chance
um but David
Sachs I mean the the fact that there are
people who have you know built really
successful lives and don't need any of
this trouble are willing to take on the
biggest hardest tasks in the
world to save the country and it's no
less than saving the country by the way
cuz we're we're on a doom loop at the
moment and I couldn't be happier that
the smartest most capable and I think
the the least nefarious people we've
ever seen in public life because I don't
think for a second that you know
somebody like sax or Elon Musk is trying
to figure out how to make money off of
this I mean they're really taking on
hard hard jobs and I could not be more
proud to be an American at the moment
because th this is what this is what
America looks like to
me the the people who have the most
capability you know doing their own
thing until they're called upon and then
dropping everything and going full on to
to help the country so this just feels
so right but there more a few other
things
Rana you might know him as a Dem
Democrat representative
who more often than most
Democrats says things that are common
sense and and that's almost why he's
famous as a as a politician is that
he'll sometimes say things that you say
oh well that's just common sense yeah so
he's he's now publicly said that he's
he's ready to work and help the Doge
effort and uh musk thanked him on x so
Rana
again Common Sense guy says you know
this could work how about if I
help this is amazing this is just not
what happens you're you're seeing all
the smart
people go to the same team and and
you're seeing that they're treating it
not like
politics have you noticed that that the
political frame for all this just seems
to have dissolved because you're taking
people used to be Democrats in many
cases and you know active Democrats in
some cases but they're working with
Trump this is amazing I've never seen
anything like this in in my lifetime of
observing America this is the most
optimistic I've ever
felt is just everything everything you'd
want to be going in the right direction
is here's another
one um fedman senator fedman goes on
uh uh let's see who she was talking to
uh Joy
bear and said that uh that the hunter
Biden situation was lawfare and so he's
he approves of the pardon but then he
went on in great detail to say that
Trump's felony convictions were
obviously lawfare and probably should be
should be
pardoned and and and poor you know bayar
has to listen to that and I think she
didn't comment on it but here again
here's a now prominent Democrat who is
saying something about the hunter case
and the Trump case that I consider
common
sense to me it's common sense that both
of those had a political dimension on it
and so therefore you know maybe maybe
you should be treated that way so yeah
fedman is just saying this is not
political is just common sense you want
to you don't want to have lawfare yes
yes thank you um I think even Elon said
he's liking Federman more every day I
say the same
um but only when he's talking Common
Sense which he likes to do so I
appreciate it meanwhile let's see the
opposite of Common Sense let's see Joy
Reed on
MSNBC she compared uh the state of
Tennessee who didn't want to give gender
altering care to minors uh compared it
to Nazi
Germany so if you
don't give miners surgery that will
change them for the rest of their life
even if they change their minds when
they're older you're like Nazi Germany
now I say this every day but it's true
the best laugh I have every morning is
just watching actual MSNBC coverage with
no commentary
just a clip and I and I just laugh like
I people actually watch that that's
pretty
funny all right here's a sketchy one um
apparently according to the George
account on X a coalition of black
churches that uh represent as many as 28
million black Americans
uh issued a letter to
MSNBC um demanding that they fire Al
Sharp
and investigate the payments because you
know the story El Sharpton received half
a million dollars from KL Harris's
campaign before he interviewed her and
didn't disclose that which is big no no
so so there's do you believe that a
coalition of black
churches on their own decided to send
the letter to MSNBC suggesting that um a
prominent black commentator L Sharpton
should be investigated or
fired do you believe
that
um here's what they say Sharpton does
not have a degree in journalism and it
undermines the career of black men and
women who have more experience than
journalism Integrity
well does anybody really care that he
doesn't have a degree in
journalism or correct me if I'm wrong
but isn't the media world full of people
who didn't have a degree in
journalism doing journalism I thought it
was the most common thing um Bob
Woodward the Watergate guy Bob Woodward
wasn't did he have a degree in
journalism I don't know I don't think so
but anyway here's what I think I think
this story is too on the nose doesn't
sound
organic and uh sounds like maybe some
people people at a black church are
receiving some money from somebody who's
got a republican
bias to me this doesn't sound real it
doesn't sound like it's organic it's
real but it's not organic I don't think
that they sat around and said you know
what this L Sharpton guy is bad for
black Americans we better weigh in on
this important issue because we've
already you know solved all the problems
with people's souls and getting to
heaven and all that we got that taken
care of but what we really need to take
care of is that MSNBC has somebody who's
not experienced as a
journalist
really do you believe that that's an
organic thing that they just came up
with
no I I would place a large bet that
that's not
organic all right um
so Jordan ne's father is going to sue
Daniel peny no matter what happens in
the criminal
trial
wow that's right Jordan ne's father so
the guy who got well who died when
Daniel Penny uh was restraining him or
he died after the restraint actually um
so that Daniel Penny even if he gets off
and I guess it's the third day or so of
deliberation so sounds like a hung jury
to me even if he gets off on the legal
part he will still be sued and probably
lose because the standard for that is
different you just have to get a
majority and probably in New York it's
probably not hard to just get a majority
who just thinks he shouldn't have done
it the
the it's better I just don't comment on
this one isn't
it let let me do this I'm going to send
you my
opinion um through
ESP I'm sending it I believe you're
picking it up yes yes I'm getting a
confirmation yes you have you have all
accurately identified my opinion good I
guess we can move on
well you heard that story that Mexico
sees like a a ton of fenel the biggest
Hall ever and so people are saying oh
it's the Trump effect so now Mexico is
going to get tough on the
cartels so what's what's missing with
the
story what's missing with this story so
Mexico seized a ton of fenel and they
you know it's enough to kill a billion
people or whatever what's missing with
the story
let's see how well I've trained you
because this is something I talk about
all the time there's something wrong
with the news
story they found a ton of fenel what's
missing what percentage is
that how many times have I had to say
this story is leaving out the important
part different stories sometimes they
leave out the
percentage sometimes they leave out the
raw number anytime somebody leaves out
either the percentage or the raw
number it's
propaganda so I don't know is is a ton
of fentanyl a
lot it's a lot if you look at the raw
number which is the only thing they gave
us but was that 90% of all the fentanyl
coming into the
America because that would be impressive
was it 1% of all that's coming into
America cuz that would be nothing is it
a lot but it's so easy to make it that
by the end of the day they'd already
reproduce that amount of supply and sent
it
out if you don't know those you don't
even know if this is
anything you actually can't even tell if
this is good news or just sort of news
you don't know this probably made no
difference at all in the supply in you
know after two weeks because they could
probably just
I bet they could reproduce this in 2
weeks probably no difference at
all but it could be a political response
to Trump so it it might actually be
because of trump but I wouldn't be
confused that anything has happened with
fenel there will be no difference in
fentel deaths because of because of
this all right Obama is speaking at some
event and uh correct me if I'm wrong but
has Obama become the person who just
makes everything
worse I think
Obama came to believe his own
publicity which is to say that since um
he would be considered a you know
successful president especially by
democrats two terms you know got
overwhelmingly reelected so historically
if you were a historian you'd say very
successful but do you think
that he believes he was successful
because he was
smart or does he not know that maybe it
was his Charisma and there was just
something about his
personality and and the time in history
where people said yeah let's I want a
black president you I said that I I
remember you know when he first ran I
thought you know I'm obviously I'm anti-
Dei like crazy you you couldn't be more
anti- Dei than I am but at the same time
I live in the real world and if we could
get past that you know can a can a black
man be president and the answer is yes
that just feels healthy because that
then we don't have to prove it again
because we could say oh okay that's a
good it's just a good symbol for
everybody and you know it's a good sign
for everything so I was in favor of it
but I don't think that Obama realizes
that maybe he never had any good ideas
it was always about him because now when
he talks
he he's doubling down on this identity
stuff so I saw a clip where he's talking
about all of his identities he goes you
know we all have multiple identities I'm
63-year-old African-American man husband
father Christian writer um as others
pointed out he didn't mention that he's
half white that was not part of his
identity but it's his identity so he
gets to be whatever whatever he
identifies about I
guess but doesn't that sound to you like
he doesn't understand anything that's
happening in politics at the moment like
why would he even be talking about all
of his
identities that that was what lost
everything the the identity messaging is
what made the entire Democrat Party
completely
destroyed because once Trump created a
alternative which was common sense when
you compare common sense to Identity
politics those are not close and and of
course the public picked Common Sense
over identity at this time
so I really think he maybe is fooled by
thinking that he was a brilliant
president he's a smart guy but I don't
think any of his presidential success
was because of his Brilliance I think it
was him as a personality he was a
special personality he's very good at it
so certainly as a politician he's he's
one of the best
all right David hog who you know as a
anti-gun activist he's one of the
survivors of the Parkland shooting right
um he is uh apparently noodling with the
idea of running trying to run the
Democrat party so he might want to run
the DNC because he thinks he can fix the
problem of what he thinks is the party's
main problem of talking down to
voters now first of all has he
accurately identified the problem with
the Democrats do they talk down to their
voters well
yes yes they do yep yeah it's a bunch of
Elites talking to each other so yes
David hog has correctly
identified that they have became an
irrelevant party talking to themselves
basically
um and and and he said this this is what
hog said quote I think the main one
overall the main problem with the
Democrats is that we would rather live
in a comfortable delusion than an
uncomfortable
reality
wow is he escaping from The
Matrix I I feel like he's got one foot
out because if he realizes that the
Democrats are living in a comfortable
illusion and that the Republicans are
maybe in more of an uncomfortable
reality
what does uncomfortable reality sound
like to
you common sense right they're not the
same but if you allow yourself to live
in the uncomfortable reality then you
can apply your common sense to the
reality and get a better result if
you're living in a comfortable
delusion your common sense won't help
you at all because you don't there's
nothing to apply it to because you're
living in an illusion
to me this is like kind of a seriously
important Insight coming from somebody
who was right in the middle of the the
Democrat world I I'm very optimistic
about that now he of course is pro
Democrat and would like to help them be
competitive
but I feel like he's he's just one layer
away from agreeing that doge is a good
idea and that maybe we should be in
fewer Wars
you know like almost Republican now he's
never going to be okay with the the gun
part of being a Republican and that's
fine you know I don't mind that the
country has different views as long as
they have some kind of Common Sense and
you know there's a
philosophical you know good good uh
let's say good intention behind it so he
has good
intentions clearly a smart um organized
guy went to Harvard I think smart
guy but uh I love hearing
this he says the party needs to open its
eyes and take its fingers out of its
ears basically yeah that that is
actually exactly correct so I think
you're seeing the smartest people in the
Democrat Party the the Federman the
ranas and maybe maybe maybe David hog
you know he might surprise you he's
never going to be Republic
but wouldn't it be good to have
Democrats who if they got
elected could apply some common
sense here's a story that um might tell
you something about the
future did you know that there are 11
media Outlets that are local I guess
they're local newspapers that are owned
by one entity that doesn't even try to
be news they're just a Democrat activist
organization so so it's not just fake
news it's actually their business
model they're not even trying to be real
news their purpose I believe it's stated
is to influence politics through local
news and apparently a lot of their
funding is coming from the Soros uh
organization $15 million in
2023 which is way up from prior
years and here's how this scheme works
so
as you know you're probably thinking but
Scott nobody reads local newspapers how
in the world does that make any
difference at all here's what they do
they the um local news Publications
would advertise their own
publication which is legal of course and
of course they would show an example of
some of their work so they would buy
Facebook ads and then Show an example of
one of their article and this would be
an advertisement for their their
platform
except that they would only show you
know anti-trump pro-democrat
examples so when you thought you were
looking at an advertisement for just
local news you were being brainwashed by
looking at some negative story about de
about a
republican so this is pretty
clever that they they take a sort of an
unwatched usess media entity the local
news I don't even know anybody who reads
a local newspaper do you know anybody
who's ever read a local newspaper in the
last year
I I I think we have
one you know dilbur used to be in the
local newspaper but I haven't even seen
one or held it in my hand in 10
years so yeah that's pretty clever trick
to use the fake advertisement as really
just a political brain
washing meanwhile over in
Syria uh Joel Pollock is reporting for
Breitbart that uh the
IDF um is sort of staying out of the
fight in Syria so you might know that
the there are some Rebels that are
trying to take over the government of
Syria and the rebels seem to be include
some
extremists so the rebels include people
America likes but also people that want
to destroy America and Israel the same
situation some of the people trying to
destroy the Syrian government which
Israel doesn't love are also people that
Israel doesn't love so there's so many
bad guys over there that that they're
not taking sides so that seems smart but
here's what's interesting um apparently
the rebels are being
unusually
successful and it looks like it's
because Iran and Russia may be stretched
a little too far with what they're doing
El El where so it may be that uh Syria
being sort of a client of Iran and
Russia is now un protected and it's the
very D time in the world to back a back
some military to take him over if that's
what you wanted to do but I think
there's a bigger play
here I think that this is all related to
Ukraine and Hamas and Hezbollah and
Iran and I feel like what it's doing is
creating another
[Music]
variable for
negotiation so I've told you that I
think what Trump's going to do Trump
Administration is I think he's going to
go for
the I think he's going for a base
clearing home
run typically politicians will say what
do you think we can negotiate and
they'll think well probably the best we
can do is a temporary ceas fire that
won't hold okay well if that's the best
we can do let's go do that and then they
get a temporary ceasefire that it
doesn't hold I think Trump is so much
smarter than that that he will throw in
throw into the negotiations just a whole
bunch of different things so everybody
will first of all get confused because
it'll become complicated and when people
get confused they look for the person
who's the most
certain in in any kind of confusing
situation whoever speaks with the most
certainty just absorbs all the attention
because you want the C cty so if Trump
creates this massive negotiating playing
field in which we're talking about what
do you do about Gaza what do you do
about Hezbollah how about Lebanon what
what's our what's our situation with
Ukraine what are we doing with Crimea
well what about a warm weather report
oh what
if what if Trump says here's the deal we
want a big piece we want to settle all
of our with Russia we want to
settle all of our with Iran and we
don't want these proxies to ever bother
us again so we'll make a big deal if you
give us a lot but it'll be good for
everybody I
think I think this is
doable and I don't think I would have
ever said this before it's only because
all the right people are in place again
um the same the same situation as the
Abraham Accords you don't get the
Abraham Accords unless the leaders who
happen to be there at the same time are
all
dealmakers and that's happening again
it's all dealmakers it's the best
dealmakers in the entire region Putin's
a dealmaker right Iran is always a
dealmaker I mean you have different
problem with trusting them of course but
Iranians are
dealmakers and uh you know obviously
Netanyahu obviously um Crown Prince of
Saudi Arabia they're all dealmakers so
this is the
time this is the time to get the big one
the one that gets rid of the risk of you
know nuclear war the one that gets risk
settles borders maybe it gets funding
for the people who have been
displaced um I think the big one's
coming and it might be so big that it's
just breathtaking and it might be so big
that it just changed how you even frame
the whole
situation so I've said a million times
that um Russia is should be a natural
Ally of the United States the argument
against
that than being a natural Ally is that
the United States is a predator is a
predatory country and we can't have any
competition so wherever we can we
conquer and control and try to dominate
every country that could be a problem to
us which is clearly what we're trying to
do with Ukraine and with Russia so could
you make a deal where Putin would say
you know what I'd actually be better off
with that deal I'm good with that or is
the United States unable to make peace
because that's not what we do I mean the
last time we made a deal with Russia
didn't we didn't weren we the ones who
broke the deal with uh Ukraine because
I'm pretty sure that we promised that
that Ukraine would not be eligible for
NATO and then I believe it was the
United States who went back on that so I
think that the obstacle to peace is
probably that the United States only
wants fake pieces so that they can
conquer everybody they can conquer and
control every Market they can control
and and especially control energy
controlling energy is the number one
thing you have to
control so is it
possible that Trump could make a deal
that the entire military industrial
complex would say you know what that
actually works for
us probably a minimum you'd have to do
is show that the the people who make
weapons can make as much
money um with or without a pieace and I
think you could do that because because
Trump and Reagan both did a smart thing
they both said we're going to build up
our peacetime
military because if you're the one
selling the weapons a war is a good way
to make money but if somebody says I'm
going to massively build up your
peacetime military then maybe you say oh
well I guess we don't need a
war so I I do suspect that we create a
lot of
wars and maybe if we can find a way that
everybody makes money without the war
just by being prepared in case there is
one I don't know maybe you could sell
that maybe you could we'll see so I'm uh
super optimistic that common sense is
broken out everywhere I heard uh Bill
Mah on some clips recently who repeats
common sense as the thing that we need
that Democrats need to stop arguing
against basically so he said stop
arguing against common sense you know
you could still you could still be
Democrats but don't argue against common
sense and that's coming from a lifelong
Democrat so I believe common sense is
breaking out everywhere I think doge is
going to be the biggest greatest thing
ever um boy is it going to get messy
though
wow and I'd love to see what's going to
happen with Social Security and you know
the things that are seemingly impossible
to cut I think we'll probably figure out
how boots on the
ground what's that
about history is fake yeah history is
mostly
fake uh yeah we we have not played well
with pu that's that's
true all
right oh taking out Iran's nuclear
facilities from there yeah so you know
the thing we don't know is if you see
that Russia is using um North
Korean soldiers and you see that they're
not helping Syria
how close are they to really really
needing a
deal might be closer than we think but
you know Russia could probably last
forever because Putin's in control all
right that's all I got for today um I'm
going to talk to the locals people
privately you all know that you should
buy your Dilbert calendar today go to
dilbert.com it's the only place you can
get the link to buy it it does not exist
on uh
on uh Amazon or any place else the only
place you can get it it's made in
America the Dilbert 2025 calendar get it
now and you'll get it in time for
Christmas all right locals I'm going to
talk to you privately thanks for joining
X and Rumble and YouTube talk to you
tomorrow locals coming at
you
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e