is 7:00 a.m. or 10:00 a.m. where you are
hold on let me fix this well that's
better
bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum hey
anyway all of you are here for a very
special episode of coffee with Scott
Adams probably one of the best year ever
Gooden see but I can tell you one thing
with no ambiguity whatsoever
today is simultaneous it will be the
best one you've had today by far and all
you need to participate it doesn't take
much all you need is a couple more
glasses snifter stein jealous tankard
thermos flask canteen Grail goblet
vessel of any kind filling with your
favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of this simultaneous up are you
ready are you ready come on you're ready
for the dopamine hit of the day the best
part of the day the thing that makes
everything better go better than normal
and that makes total sense because today
is going to be better than normal - let
me see if I have my guests ready yet no
not quite
now that's quite so in a moment I'm
expecting guests to join me and I will
be introducing him then let's talk about
a couple of things while we're while
we're doing this all right I don't know
if you got to see hold on
let's see if James is here yet James are
you here yet well he should be here
around 7:05 so before we do that you
show you something I did today I took
James clapper and I fixed him well hold
on let me take down the temperature on
this video okay take there on the
temperature so I took James clapper yeah
it's hard to see but use Photoshop to
turn his frown upside down it's better
isn't it it's hard to get a good picture
of it alright but trust me if you saw it
on Twitter you'd be laughing right now
and laughing and laughing oh-ho-ho kind
of like that all right let's see if
James has joined just yet yes he's about
to come on I'm gonna add you James and
then I'm gonna do an invitation I'm
sorry it's introduction James are you
there hey I can I'm gonna play your
video as your introduction you ready all
right hold on
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
all right challenge accepted
James Norte you are here aren't you I'm
here so look my good friend Omar you can
follow me Oh Martin katene is a
marketing mastermind and he says hey
James
you have a book for you go read win big
Lee and so no James James couldn't can
you do anything to make your sound
louder we've got a very low audio on you
is this any clearer yeah that's a little
better thank you let me know but
essentially I read your book
win big Lee and I loved it because you
explained the art of persuasion and how
the best persuaders influence others but
I challenged the notion that you called
Trump a master persuader he is not he is
a schoolyard bully he's a con man
so iced want to bring up three quick
points one I think you overhyped what
Trump did right look I think you've
glossed over what he did wrong and three
that you're liberal because of an ultra
liberal we need you to help democrats
avoid loser thing and it helped a
message that wins for our future all
right give me some specifics i am not
persuaded by just relabeling him a con
man or a boy give me give me give me
give me a specific that affects real
people so rather than rather than saying
he says bad things tell me how the world
is better or the nation is is worse off
because of what he's doing connected to
the real world for example so the
signature policy that trump ran on was
that he was going to build the wall at
at Mexico pay for it but that wasn't
gonna do anything for real working
families in America and no one was
convinced wait old on hold on okay 60
million people working
inst they had a good good take on
immigration are you suggesting that
there's no difference to the average
American whether we have a permissive
immigration on their southern border or
more restrictive are you saying it would
have no no effect on the people who are
here so this is what's called a
scarecrow I didn't say anything but
having the permissive border right no
one is for just straight open borders
what we want is a sensible policy and so
building the wall he's doesn't done it
ask you to pay for it still hasn't done
it well hold on you know you James you
make a point you're you're you're sort
of all over the landscape here are you
suggesting are you suggesting that
Mexico is not paying for border security
for the United States right now with
their 27,000 troops that they put on the
border their own southern border at the
request of the president would that not
be even though it's not technically a
wall wouldn't you say that the president
has caused Mexico to spend a great deal
of money on our border security as
they're doing here but he promised a
wall well hold on hold on hold on okay
what would you hold it against him if he
promised a wall but let's say he built a
fence and it worked or if he used
another means let's say electronic or
drones or something else let's say he
did something that's not technically a
wall but it was border security and it
worked would you hold that against him
and so if your point is that he really
was going to fight for border security I
have no problem with that but this is
why I call him a con man
he promises egg but delivers be hold on
hold on hold on if if he promises a
mm-hmm and he delivers something that is
just as good or maybe it's just the best
that can be achieved in the time and
resources you have do you hold that
against him no not if it's truly just as
good or better but this is the classic
bait-and-switch you get a shiny object
waving people's attention and then you
deliver something it may just
clarification are you saying that
building the wall would be the best
solution for
immigration it wouldn't I grew up in El
Paso Texas where there was already Walt
long then then I don't understand your
point you're saying you promised a wall
what you're saying the wall wasn't
really the best solution but he did
something else so what why would you be
disappointed if you didn't get a wall
because the problem is not that look I
don't care yes wall or not the point is
he makes promises that he can't deliver
on and that does not make him a match
persuader although but hold on if you
have you not noticed that he's been
fighting tooth and nail and every
possible tool available to him but he's
thwarted by the Congress wouldn't you
say that the Congress is the only thing
stopping the wall from happening in his
first two years he had a Republican
Congress he had her public consent he
should have be able to get that hold on
hold on but he he needed he needed a
supermajority to give funding which he
did not have so people say he had a
Republican majority it's true but that
doesn't get you what you want because
for these as I understand it for
these funding type things a simple
majority doesn't get you there so he did
not have a Congress who could get him
what he wanted at any time during his
presidency but it doesn't matter because
he said Mexico would pay for it why does
he need American dollars once again
backtracking what he promised but you
you seem this seems sort of pedantic
because if you promise something and
then you deliver something that gets you
close to that but it looks different
would you say that that's a broken
promise because I think his supporters
would look at 27,000 Mexican troops on
Mexico's southern border only because we
asked them to be there and they'd say
looks like something Goods happen so
then let's get beyond pedantic to talk
about what affects real working people
this president he said he would be a
champion for working families right they
raised the economy but can we can we
close on the first point so the first
point was that he did not deliver which
I agree did not deliver precise
what he asked for but would you agree so
I'm agreeing with that it's not is not
precisely right would you would you
agree with the following statements
number one he's tried very hard to to
make that promise to happen would you
say that he's put in a lot of effort so
he's put an effort but at what I mean
you know they just let me just finish
the point so you put it you put it in
the effort he did not get exactly what
he asked for which was a wall funded by
Mexico he has achieved some amount of
wall
he's got Mexico garden policy there's no
physical barrier that he actually
implemented what he's using hold on
Kennedy are you on are you unaware that
he's built a great deal of wall so far
we think great deal of wall I don't know
we're referring to it what I can tell
you sure yeah yes so the thing that's
misleading about walls is that there are
some places that are naturally more
attractive places for people's across
the border most of what's done as I
understand it is upgrading places where
we had some kind of a structure but it
wasn't adequate because people were
getting over it easily
so even though the total amount of
mileage that he's done is way less than
he promised or people wanted on his side
the things that he is doing the upgrades
probably are the most effective parts of
the border because those are the places
people have already demonstrated they
wanted to to cross so I think you'd
agree that he is upgrading wall upgrade
older wall at a place that matters the
most we can argue over semantics right
but I think the way that's not Samantha
extort that's that's building an actual
physical structure in the places where
the engineers are great is most needed
because the way that's why they already
had something there it just wasn't good
enough and give me specifics where was
this and what were the nature of the
upgrades because I surly ever anything
about this are you serious you your news
sources are not telling you that the
president has replaced a lot of bad wall
with good wall Scott you're deflecting
where was this well
I well making the claim that he's
upgraded walls I am challenging you to
tell me specifically where is it where
the upgrades well give me there give me
a stake give me something that is a very
lawyerly question yes sir may I answer
your question please so do you think
that that's a fair question that I would
know the names of the cities just
because I watched continuous coverage of
the many places he was building all is
it is it important that I've remembered
the cities when you could just google
them and they would pop right up Scott I
respect you immensely you could google
them right now and tell me where they
are but you won't which leads me to
believe that maybe he has it well I just
didn't want to bore the audience but
I'll do that part oh we're gonna have a
real exciting show today Scott's trust
me up I feel like no one's gonna be
bored where whoa Mexico built probably
in the comments you'll see some people
say I hope so CBP says it has built 75
miles of Donald Trump's border wall with
150 more miles on the way so that's
Newsweek would you accept Newsweek so 35
miles we're sorry
well this is a Newsweek reporter who are
anti Trump but the specifics of where
they are doesn't seem to have any
relevance to our conversation because
you and I wouldn't write that president
Trump makes these promises of specifics
and it does nothing for the American
people like once again we're seeing how
the con man works how the body works
well hold on you haven't demonstrated
con man I'd love to give me a chance all
right so here's here's the wall
San Diego sector so you asked for
specifics so here's San Diego here's the
new wall that replaces some kind of old
border barrier now I could do more of
these cities but I'm kind of shocked
that your news sources are not telling
you that wall is being built because
there are now 158 miles
that are being worked on and 75 already
completed San Diego tennis so San Diego
and apparently somebody's saying El Paso
I don't know about that one no so I grew
up in El Paso that wall was there long
before Trump I guess this is what I'm
trying to say he's taking credit for
things he didn't do and this is what's
so dangerous about him because we can
pay fastest for the facts we fall into a
false insecurity and we've got to
challenge him on facts matter because
when we ignore the facts he put our
entire no you don't what look let's take
this very example the president has told
us many times they uses hyperbole to
boost his accomplishments and maybe
minimize his his opponents and I think
it I think every every adult who's
watching understands that so when you
when you listen to the president you
know he's he's puffing up his
accomplishments and minimizing the other
side we all we all know that right right
okay so we're all adults and we know
that so the president is no doubt I
would agree with you selling his wall
accomplishments as maybe more than you
would if you were look at it objectively
whatever it but everybody understands
that all of his supporters understand
that we understand that is that really
dishonest when he tells it when he tells
us he's going to use hyperbole and then
he uses it and a hundred percent of the
people a hundred percent of the people
watching say ah there's his hyperbole
again we do believe he's building some
wall probably not nearly as much as he
promised but he's moving us in the right
direction
and we think that if somebody else had
been president they would have built
fewer miles of wall so I have no problem
with that hyperbole right
it's just bluffing is branding right
what we are real concerned about are
those promises he makes with specific
facts that aren't hyperbole okay give me
an example of a dangerous example of
that so I will accept the critics who
say there are 11,000 ish times that the
president has departed from facts
well that's it but that's roughly
correct right and here's where you and I
can't agree that most people don't make
decisions based off facts unguent I'm
those who are guided by emotion and
elaborate voting decisions are really
emotional decisions who will be
comfortable with and we should either
rationalize them so so help us with an
example of where the president is
harming or potentially harming the
country because of his hyperbole versus
sticking strictly to the accuracy of the
facts let's start the beginning June
2015 he dissent the sands down is his
escalator and he says when Mexico sends
its people they're not sending the best
they're sending people who are bringing
drugs bringing crime rapists and some I
assume are good people that was the
beginning of fomenting racism in this
country specifically in regards to
augmenting what was already existing
with Hispanics in the community though
so what you saw it we know what we know
what he said right now now connect that
to and will but go ahead because connect
connect it to something bad and then
I'll talk sure because it's implying
that Mexicans by their very nature or
rapist which plays in the Stokes plays
it's a stereotype of people with darker
skin being dangerous that's why it's
dangerous let me ask you this
sure if the media had not reported it
the way they did would would everybody
have the same opinion an interpretation
of what he said we don't need to
interpret we have his video he said it
over his words no one knowing nobody
said now do you believe that when he
said that that there are rapists and
murderers coming across the border do
you believe that he was trying to imply
that that Mexicans are more rapey than
other people so I don't know we're just
trying to apply give this president very
no wait a minute that's your whole point
your entire point is that you do know
what he was trying to imply but isn't
that your whole point another point is
the effective as words
do harm half the time he just says
things is to say them but its words are
incredibly dangerous when he used them
to divide people such a suggest that
Mexicans were right hold on hold on you
you made it you made an unsupported
assumption it was a mind-reading you
said you said that he did this to divide
people mm-hmm now you believe that his
intention which you can determine from a
distance by reading his mind which I
have a chapter in my book yes do you you
believe that you can read his mind and
there his actual intention when he stood
up there was he was thinking I think
I've got I found a way to divide the
country and you believe that his
strategy was to divide the country
because that would be a good way to
become president was that what you
thought majority he knew exactly what
the effect of his words would be it
would galvanize his base and get some
support that's exactly what happened so
so wait a minute so your assumption is
based entirely I mean not entirely but a
fundamental assumption is that you can
determine his inner thoughts and though
and people like me cannot that we're
doing it incorrectly as it would that be
accurate because I cuz my because my
interpretation is that he was trying to
bring the United States together with a
common enemy if you will which is
immigration of the type that he thinks
is harmless he's always been clear that
he's not saying all people are bad all
immigrants are bad he's not saying that
he's always been clear that if you don't
control it you get too many of the ones
who might be criminally inclined if you
don't if you don't vet for that now his
supporters interpreted that I would say
a hundred percent of them probably close
to it interpreted that as saying let's
bring the United States together against
an outside threat which is crime and
drugs and stuff coming across the border
now I think it would be fair to say hey
stop demonizing immigrants 100% right so
so that's a separate question but the
question of what he was thinking I think
is far more
ported by everything he said consistent
with the United States I want to bring
together but we want to be more wary of
our external threats from other
countries so without saying Mexicans he
could have said let's unite to have a
safer country that doesn't have drugs or
rapists but he knew what he was doing
because he talked about Mexico three
times a year
your your mind reading again your mind
reading that would you would you agree
it was let's just check some facts sure
would you agree that his supporters and
I'm gonna put myself in that category
for this conversation would you agree
that we do not interpret it that way
because I've literally never heard not
one time and imagine all the Republicans
I've talked to Trump supporters in the
last three years you can imagine it's a
big number right I've never heard I've
never heard one Republican or just a
supporter of the president ever suggests
that they believed that he was saying
that Mexicans are somehow bad or
inferior I think I've literally never
heard it in several years of doing
nothing but talking about this topic
with the people that you think have that
belief why is it do you think I've never
heard that I can't say why you've never
heard that but I can't say that if
someone who grew up in El Paso I know so
many people Mexican descent who were
horrified and personally offended
because it was an attack against them in
their culture and as someone who grew up
in that community I was offended for
them as well he could have made those
same points without naming Mexico or
Mexicans he did it for an intentional
point and it was very effective and it
worked you know wait a minute wait a
minute wait a minute now wouldn't let's
see the let's try to agree on the things
we agree on because that just makes it
easier the things we would agree on is
that the way he worded it was
unproductive in other words it didn't
work for him right it didn't work for
his supporters it didn't work for me it
doesn't make me happier didn't work for
you it didn't work for Mexicans and I
believe that if the President had a
choice of doing it
over he might say well I could have
worded that better would you all would
you would you agree that that it didn't
work for any of his supporters didn't
work for you didn't work for Mexico
literally didn't work for anybody what
do you agree I would disagree with one
point I think in a crowded Republican
field he was able to differential as the
toughest immigration with that comment
and so maybe I didn't agree for you or I
but if you're looking for someone who
said you know what I'm tired of these
hypocrites who keeps they're gonna be
strong in the board but not going to
this made him stand out it's brandy I
mean he comes right out of your book
well do you think do but do you think do
you think he couldn't have also found a
way to stand out being the toughest
without saying in a in an in elegant way
that is easy to misinterpret don't don't
you think he could have hit that mark he
didn't we didn't hit they were 15 people
who ran for president to challenge Trump
they all use elegant ways none of them
won Trump won and and my point being is
he knew that as someone who has never
had political office someone who was an
outsider that if he was going to win and
this is the genius of his marketing
strategy he learned to brand himself as
something there so but but all of your
opinions require on require you to read
his mind and to see something that none
of his supporters are seeing do you see
do you what do you agree that that's
true I don't agree that I have to read
his mind and I don't agree that none of
the boys are seen I think lots of people
saw what wait no I I'm telling you and
you can look in the comments so there's
a lot of Trump supporters in the
comments so back me up or disagree with
me fact or me in the comments would use
would you agree that you don't know any
Trump supporters who thought he was
talking about all Mexicans being bad is
there anybody who thought if you're if
you're a trump supporter in the comments
tell me did you interpret it that way or
do you know anybody who interpreted it
that way because I've literally never
met anybody who interpreted it that way
but your entire point is based on the
fact that we did is it not my entire
point is that he use a comma like that
to stoke a fence and it worked that's my
point it's always and so whether or not
people agree or disagree that's neither
here nor there but it was an effective
branding strategy mean you've got agree
that it branded him well right no one no
no no no I would not agree that that
branded him well or that it helped him
because to your point there was there
absolutely it seems to me was a way to
make his point just as strongly and as
we've observed he can make news no
matter what he does I mean there's no
situation in which he gets ignored right
so that so there are lots of ways he can
get attention I would say that that was
a failed speech they had the ironic
effect of getting him so much attention
that he sucked the attention away from
her everybody else but the the notion
that he planned to do something that was
offensive to immigrants and to the you
know to the whole population basically
the idea that he intentionally meant it
to sound that wrong for political gain
is unsupported and and but it it really
requires you to assume something about
his mind
that doesn't seem sensible to me so
either he is a mastermind he knew
exactly what he is doing or or made a
comment that wasn't well articulated but
no matter right right but it's not a
master persuader he's either lucky or
a bully which one he's either lucky or a
bully right no I think I my take on him
has always been that he is amazingly
good at persuasion but he does say
things which clearly if you were to go
back and say okay was that perfect or
not you'd say okay I would I would
change that so I do not make the claim
that he never makes a mistake and I
often I don't know how if I've done it
often but I have pointed out that that
comment we're talking about would
clearly be in the category of not
effective it worked it worked against
them big time
in hindsight because who linkless say
things that grow nerd massive media
coverage wasn't real the fact that he
was a master persuader or did he use his
celebrity his bombast and vulgarity to
dominate the news and use repetition so
that people are hearing his brand over
and over and over again don't get me
wrong right the net effect is look like
him or hate him good news or bad news he
dominated the news people saw his name
everywhere well not a master persuader
that's just someone who's dominating
this is repetition well that's that's uh
that's an example of word thinking
because you're just trying to define it
as not important but we both observe
they went with no prior political
experience right to President of the
United States can you did he do that
without being persuasive well I guess
the question to ask is what is it that
makes that persuasive and when I think
of persuasive it's either having
influence through argument or emotion to
convince people to do something and it's
not like as you said before he's gone
through and thought through specifically
how am I gonna win this election he
stumbled in down an escalator said some
words and he thought he was gonna lose
he had no idea that he was gonna win but
he won because he understood how to
connect and use the same vulgar language
he used the power of celebrity to
dominate the news media and then commit
some people to try something different I
mean let's be clear he didn't convince
more people to move for him right but
you know what doesn't matter because the
popular vote is not how you win the
presidency all it matters the electoral
college what did he do that Romney
didn't do he got a hundred thousand
people in Michigan Wisconsin and
Pennsylvania they gave him a shock they
want to try something new but he largely
won the same things that any Republicans
would have won and so I'm just not
convinced that he's a match persuade to
speak up well he did you did see him
tear through a field of 16 Republican
primary contestants who pretty much all
of the experts on both the left and
right said it's the strongest field of
Republican
ever feel that and he he'd he just
eviscerated them all we watched you
watch the same thing I did and I agree
and I think how he did that was by being
a bully was by being vulgar why all that
hold on yeah you you just keep
substituting the words bully for
persuasive and everything victory from
your book your supporters should read so
but the point is whether whether you
label him a bully or not is less
relevant than the fact that he is
persuasive so you would agree you may be
disagreeing with his methods but
objectively speaking he went from guy
with no chance and just a joke to
President of the United States I mean we
all watched it and there's nothing
except persuasion that could have made
that happen would you agree and that's
like saying when I was a kid and I would
worry about running into bullies who
would take my lunch money because they
would beat me up that's also persuasive
right because they can use force to beat
me up those tactics if you wouldn't call
it persuasive sure but calling him a
master persuader yes so what if we were
looking at say right here's his policy
about getting tough with trade
negotiations with China would you call
that a case of bullying China so you
brought that up because this is part of
his bombast and takes it and works for
him I don't think any other presidential
candidate can do what he can do because
that's his brand whether or not it's
working what we've seen is consumer
prices are going up we've not seen the
net effects yet the trade war but you
know what I am willing to say let's give
him a chance let's see if he can make
this work for American people but you
have to get so far it has not so well I
I don't want to get into China too far I
don't think we should have a trade deal
and I think that he has educated the
public to turn against China in a way
that and probably no other president
could have the the the national mood
about China right now is that we should
probably decouple whether gently or not
because they're sending fentanyl over
here and killing us would you agree that
the feeling about China in the United
States has changed radically under
President Trump from being hey listen
you know why should why do we want to
start a trade war to would you not agree
that it's closer now - why are we in
business with these horrible people
anyway who are killing 50,000 Americans
a year
turning on Hong Kong locking the weavers
up in concentration camps stealing our
IP giving us bad trade deals why are we
even dealing with them at all would you
agree that the national mood has changed
radically against China under President
Trump you and I can agree that China's
to be held accountable for stealing our
IP for producing fentanyl that comes
harms our communities and for for being
irregular with its currency right but I
will say this countries that trade
together don't go to war with one
another the reality is that china is a
large country that's gonna be an
economic player one way or the other
we're gonna have to engage them we
probably be more successful using a
trade deal in the rule of law to bind
them to mutually acceptable policies as
opposed I mean isolationist pretending
they don't exist well yeah we could go
down that road but let's rather than do
that yeah you benefited the audience
yeah my original question is or let me
state it a different way when you
characterize the President as a bully
yeah I I think that the bullying as a
component of persuasion would you say
the bullying whether you think it's a
good tool or a bad tool would be it
would be within the larger persuasion
category we're on the same page there
right I would agree and I would just say
that so the lowest form of persuasion
it's nothing like take for example the
former President Barack Obama here's a
man who was how many black presents have
we had his middle name is Hussein he's
been on the Senate for less than a term
yeah he somehow used hope and
inspiration to convince people to vote
for his vision that to me is more from
master persuader compared to Donald
Trump so let me uh let me acknowledge
that I've also said that Obama was a
tremendously skilled persuader and
politician and I'm also unlike nearly
everybody watching this at this moment
most of them are Trump supporters I also
give Obama a fairly good score as a
president on a lot of levels so we would
not disagree on that
right because I didn't get really
involved in politics and until then so I
didn't really write about politics in
any serious way before that so here's
the thing I would agree there bullying
is part of persuasion and you would
agree that it's the the lowest level
would you agree with me that there might
be some situations in which a little
arm-twisting you could call it bullying
yeah let me call let me call it
arm-twisting but we'll agree we're
talking about the same thing would you
agree that there are some situations
where you just have to push and that
regular persuasion is not the right tool
would you agree with that statement I
would but there's degrees right how much
were you pushing and at what cost
and what point do you justify of course
of course but in cases with their
children or saying that women who have
abortions to be have some form of
punishment or saying that a judge is
biased because he's Mexican at what
point hold on hold on
that don't give you the laundry list let
me give me chances to to respond to any
of these wild claims because one of them
was just ridiculous but I'll get to that
in a minute actually let me get to that
first bit because I think you've now
agreed with me yeah there's some form of
bullying if the situation is right would
be the right tool so we could agree that
bullying is not good or bad is simply is
something that could be used wrong right
I think I think it more in terms of
degrees and I okay but yeah well I would
not put it in terms of degree let's say
let's say we needed to bully
Afghanistan to do more to stop terrorism
and there were and there was clear that
we had tried everything else
and nothing but bullying would work in
that case is there is there anything
wrong with bullying as hard as you
possibly can to reduce the risk of
terrorism as much as you can use
economic sanctions if you can use a bit
of war that's fine but in my mind that's
not bullying I guess to your point
you're trying to say they're one of the
same I see something very different when
Trump says mothers who have abortions
should have some punishment and that
judges who by the virtue of their last
name sum up by because they're Mexican
those are very good from that's not
completely alright let's talk about this
Mexican judge situation and I love the
fact that you're a lawyer because I
haven't talked to an actual lawyer about
this let me ask you this in the in the
context of legal cases cut is a common
and routine and in fact expected and
good for the system that anybody who
perceives a source of bias calls it out
so that the so that the the system is
transparent in terms of people being
concerned about bias would you say in
general we're not we're not going to
talk about the judge specifically yet
but in general it's good and always
productive to call a bias would you
agree you should not be hold on hold on
now given that it's good to call a bias
would you when it's true let's say I
think we both agree that if there's real
bias or even real reason to suspect bias
they're calling it out helps the system
it doesn't hurt the system but reason to
do it yes right but if but if but if
you're just making stuff up and a strop
if you're just pretending there's bias
then that is you know you're allowed to
do that because it's legal system but I
think we both agree that if you should
make and stuff up that's not good like
just pretending somebody has a bias when
they don't we both agree that's a bad
idea right exactly
all right so let me finish the point do
you believe that someone who has let's
say a lot of relatives
who are immigrants from Mexico and it's
very close relatives listen to your
parents do you believe that that person
would have seen President Trump in an
objective way after what you what the
news reported about what he said when he
came down the escalator which we just
talked about do you believe that it
would be a an unbiased do you believe
that the judge could be expected by a
reasonable observer yeah to be unbiased
if his family was probably biased by
association
and what I say by that is there's no
reason to believe that anybody in his
family was biased either just because
they were immigrants well let your let
me back up to that because that bothers
me more than anything else if you said
to your neighbor right hey hey neighbor
or actually I've got a friend I just
just talked to him the other day his
name is Sal yeah and if I said Sal tell
me about your family just just describe
you know your family he's an American
Sal would say well the first thing you
need to know about me is that I'm
Italian now I would know the Sal means
he's an American yep whose relatives are
from Italy if I go to my friend Edie and
say Edie tell me about your family just
you know what do I need to know about
you there's a good chance that Edie
would say well the first thing you need
to know about me is that I'm Mexican
yeah I would know without any further
explanation they he doesn't mean he was
born in Mexico because he wasn't he's
American right he has deep Mexican roots
etc when when the president said that
the judge was Mexican I interpreted it
the way Edie and Sal would talk about
themselves in the normal language that
people talk casually which is the way
the president talks he did not indicate
by that statement that he thought the
prep that that Judge was born in Mexico
I was there was nothing indicated
indicative of that rather people who
wanted to interpret him incorrectly said
why god he doesn't even know where the
judge is born when in fact
every person who talks casually and
among their friends talks exactly this
way if he asked me tell me about
yourself Scott I'd say well you know one
thing you should know is you know I'm a
little bit English and German and but
I'm not I'm American so would you agree
that that can be interpreted two
different ways and one of them is
completely innocent
I would say you and I just had a
conversation about mind-reading and I
can't tell what was in his head it's the
same way exactly Trump said right
exactly
we can agree that we don't know what he
was thinking when he said Mexican but
you also agree that there's a perfectly
innocent interpretation which would be
normal and then there's a weird a crazy
one in which he's calling him out for
his race in public while running for
president the craziest thing I've ever
heard
would you agree that those are the two
interpretations totally normal language
or crazy interpretation where he's
insulting his ethnicity in public while
running for president false Equalization
equivalence because of course anything
is possible in the hospital now what's
more probable what's more likely believe
Trump at his worst look at the words
himself that the man would be biased
because he was Mexican that's what he
said Oh hold on that's exactly what he
said here's my interpretation of that
yep he has he has a heritage from Mexico
surrounded by people who probably have a
very strong opinion about President
Trump
would you agree that the people around
him his family in all likelihood we
don't know this but again that's not
important for the purposes of bias
questions in the court if so if somebody
let me give you this example and I think
you'll agree with us if somebody let's
say had an association with some
organization and they were a judge it
would be fair to call out that
Association without necessarily knowing
that that would bias them would would
you agree no because you don't know
anything it
I mean you don't know he's know you're
on a different topic I said just in
general if somebody has an association
they're a member of an organization and
there's reason to believe that could
cause conflict of interest or bias
isn't it fair for an attorney to point
that out even if there's no way you can
tell if that person is biased simply by
being a member of the organization if
there's a reasonable basis with
objective demonstration then yes I would
say oh yes okay no no I love your choice
ORS good lawyer word if you said there's
a reasonable basis for it right so you
don't have to be right and in fact in
the advocacy lawyer world being being
able to make a case is fair even if
maybe you're now right yeah okay so the
president has a legal strategy one of
the best ones I've ever seen called out
the bias of the judge and yet there were
two possibilities one the judge might be
recused - the judge would have to go
beyond above and beyond to show that he
was not biased which of those two things
happened yes I'll give you the answer
when it came down to judge curial
deciding whether the whether the the
judgment or the the case would be held
before the election or after and by all
normal standards it should have been
before and it had it been before it
would have been very bad for president
Trump judge Kerri l went above and
beyond in Mike in my opinion of what he
needed to do to create the the
impression of lack of bias by deciding
to hold it after the election which
probably was a big deal in terms of how
people saw the election so from a legal
strategy I would say that he put the
judge in a position where the judge had
to defend his lack of his his unbiased
position which is really strong
persuasion and really good legal
technique and when it came to a gray
area where that judge could have gone
against Trump by having it before the
election or it or for Trump
he went for Trump and in so doing that
judge proved to the world that in fact
he could operate without bias President
Trump put him in a corner and it worked
now you could say that his choice of
words
was not the best and I totally agree
with that because if he had simply said
a judge with Mexican heritage is likely
to be surrounded by people who have a
strong appealing feeling about the
president because the fake news says has
branded him as such an enemy to the you
know the Mexican people and anybody with
Mexican heritage that one could not
expect him to get a fair trial from
somebody steeped in the culture where
other people feel bad about the
president even if that judge doesn't
there was zero evidence judge carry out
was deep in the culture people thought
otherwise judges are trained they're
expected to be independent there has to
be some evidence right and there was no
he never made a remark no all that hold
on Association hold on hold on hold on
Judge carry ELLs parents came from
Mexico isn't that right sure so you
don't think you're you know think
somebody's parents could have an effect
on their bias so there has to be
evidence of that there was no evidence
there doesn't no there doesn't
I I hate I hate that lawyer you I hate a
lawyer you but in in the context of a
legal trial where where somebody
suspects bias because of let's say an
association the appearance or the
possibility of bias is all you need
right and in this case there was not
even the appearance of bias just because
someone no no no no no no I hate that
lawyer you again but it has nothing to
do with what the individual did or did
not do has only to do with the
description of the situation and you
could pull in you know put in any person
in that situation and say would a person
be likely to be biased if they were in
this situation so I had nothing to do
with what judge curiel did or did not do
and I would agree every indication is
that he's just a good judge who played
by the rules so every every indication
is that he was now biased but it was
certainly good legal strategy to put him
in a corner would you agree with that in
and also say if you swapped out legal
strategy with cotton man the same
sentence is true and that's all wait a
minute wait a minute did you just try to
win the argument by once you agree that
it was a good legal strategy you just
changed the words into it's a conman and
in declared victory and you're right put
judge Korea on his heels where he
delayed his decision on Trump University
which by the way is another example
which worked and it it got the outcome
Trump there lose your connection I think
we lost the connection all right I think
well that wasn't me in case anybody's
wondering I did not I did not disconnect
you
but let's I don't know if he'll be back
but we've we may have exhausted that
conversation a little bit so thank you
so much James Norte if you'd like to
follow him on Twitter he's at at norte
TX it's spelled end as a neighbor Oh
Artie
ey TX and thanks so much for coming on
it's a great treat actually to have
somebody smart and well-informed come on
and and just mix it up so very much
appreciated and thank you so let's talk
about a couple other things
president Trump had one of the greatest
tweets ever today now I'm sure that's
why probably on my part but here it is
he's gone on the offense against Pelosi
and he's trying to create a contrast so
contrast is good persuasion right in
this case the contrast is what is Nancy
Pelosi spending her days doing
impeachment versus what should she be
working on this is really strong all
right so here's his tweet he goes it's a
two-parter he says I can't believe that
Nancy Pelosi is District in San
Francisco is in such horrible shape that
the city itself is in violation of many
sanitarian and fire
mental orders causing it to owe the
federal government billions of dollars
and all she works on is impeachment we
should we should all work together to
clean up these hazardous waste and
homeless sites before the whole city
rots away before the whole city rots
away that is so good very bad in
dangerous conditions also severely
impacting the Pacific Oaks Pacific Ocean
and water supply Pelosi must work on
this mess and turn her district around
well this is just gold this is just
absolute gold because he is that this
this whole phrase before the whole city
rocks away do you notice how that's
making you think past the sale he does
this all the time and you don't always
catch it so I like to point it out the
sale is whether or not the city is
robbing but so instead of saying hey
your city is rotting where people would
just say no it isn't you know we just
have some problems he words it this way
we should work on cleaning it up before
the whole city rots away so adding the
before makes you uncle' except that
you're on the door on the path to
rotting away and that you got to do
something it's really clever wording
persuasion wise and also it's visual
because if you think the problem the
city has problems conceptual problems
it's hard to wrap your hand around it
but when you say the whole city rots
away rot it's really good that's a
really good word for this just
persuasion wise all right
here are some provocative concepts what
is the is this on Twitter just to mess
with people and I'll ask you here what
is the opposite of this sentence can you
do me a favor can you do me a favor or
can you do us a favor
well it would be the opposite of can you
do me a favor well let's break it down
what's a favor a favor is something that
you do without an expectation of payback
President Trump said on his Ukraine
phone call to the president of Ukraine
can you do us a favor he asked for a
favor definition of a favor is something
that you do without expectation of
compensation that's what the word means
what is quid pro quo it's the opposite
quid pro quo is where you do something
with the express expectation you're
gonna get something else in return favor
is exactly the opposite it's where you
do something with no expectation of
getting something in return so here's
the funny part
let's say the president gets impeached
here's how the trial is gonna go so
we're accusing you of asking for a quid
pro quo let's look at your language can
you do us a favor what is a definition
of favor something you do without a quid
pro quo what is it he asked for a favor
what is the opposite of a favor a quid
pro quo so your case against the
president is that when he said do me a
favor what he really meant is exactly
the opposite what is your evidence there
what he meant was the opposite well we
read his mind and in his muck no hold on
mind-reading is not part of the legal
process
so remind me again how favor which is
the thing you do without any
compensation is interpreted by you as a
quid pro quo which is literally the
opposite something you do for something
in return tell me how you got there well
obviously the president was thinking
hold on stop
you don't impeach people for what
strangers imagine that they're thinking
and that's what we have here now would
it be good for the president and his
reelection if something bad came up in
the Ukraine about Biden of course it
would is the president allowed to do
things which could help his reelection
well let's talk about one what would
happen what would happen if China
decides to sign a favorable trade deal
and gives us everything we want between
now and election what would happen that
would pretty much guarantee that
President Trump got reelected wouldn't
you say if China agreed to a deal that
even even the critic said yeah that's
better than what we had what do you
agree that that would pretty much get
him elected now let's say China doesn't
that would not necessarily cause him not
to get elected because I think we won't
have a deal and I think you'll get
reelected easily but wouldn't it make a
difference would it affect our elections
if China gave a deal or didn't give a
deal or what kind of deal of course it
would is the president allowed to accept
a deal from China on an election year I
don't know why he should be allowed to
do that it's gonna it's going to
influence the election so here's the
thing the reason that that doesn't
bother you doesn't bother the public is
because we all understand that dealing
with China and the trade deals is just
the normal part of being a present it's
just what you do so the fact that doing
a good job
at your job helps you get reelected
shouldn't be a negative we all agree
with that
was it the president's job
to find out if any of foreign entity had
Leslie blackmail on who might be the
next president of the United States kind
of exactly his job
it's literally exactly the president's
job to make sure there's no foreign
interference in our elections and
certainly if hunter Biden was raking in
the money or had raked in the money it
doesn't matter if he's doing it now it
only matters if Ukraine knew he did
something bad before because that would
that would create some blackmail
potential so a president doing his job
looking into foreign interference or
potential foreign interference even if
it helps his election can never be broke
it can never be wrong so when people
people talk about whether the president
should be impeached or not a page I have
to say I have mixed feelings about it
you know I support the president I would
not want him to be kicked out of office
but I'd kind of like to see the
impeachment process just just to watch
it play out because I think it would be
the easiest wind anybody ever had I
would love to be the the lawyer who had
to defend the president against these
charges I mean if something else comes
up that's a different situation but on
these charges
this is the easiest case ever I was
doing my job it was my highest priority
and I asked for a favor which is the
opposite of a quid pro quo well but mr.
president what about the fact that they
knew that the funding was being held up
did they know why I'm not sure they knew
why but that'll all be that'll all be
coming out however I don't think it
matters why the president is allowed to
negotiate bully quid pro quo as much as
he wants as long as it's also his job as
it was in this case all right something
else what do you think is more
predictive of who's going to be
President the polling a year out
or the fundraising I would argue that
the fundraising is far more predictive
and Biden is starting to have some money
problems whereas several of his
competitors are not so I would say that
Biden is pretty much done because the
fundraising is really that's that's the
end of it
retired Army General barry mccaffrey
said in a tweet that the White House
Trump's statement telling the entire
federal government to terminate
subscriptions to the New York Times and
Washington Post is a watershed moment in
national history McCaffrey said no room
for humorous media coverage this is
deadly serious
this is Mussolini so a retired general
who happens to be now an NBC contributor
which is important to the story believes
that the White House canceling
subscriptions to two publications that
tend to write bad things about them it's
like Mussolini
does that feel like Mussolini to you
because I'm pretty sure everyone who
works in the White House can go online
and read the New York Times if they want
to
feels like the easiest thing in the
world would be for any individual who
wanted to read the New York Times in the
Washington Post to pick up their phone
and then read it they have to pay for it
because there's paywalls
but I think they could afford it a few
bucks a month so when you see stuff like
this he's a retired general and this is
so clearly just bought and paid for
crazy tweeting that it actually lowers
my respect for the military I hate to
say it I mean I have tremendous respect
for the military but when you see a
four-star general retired joining NBC
and then tweeting that canceling some
newspaper subscriptions is similar to
Mussolini how do I respect the military
as much as I did yesterday I mean it's
not a big difference I still respect the
military completely but he's not helping
he's not helping the cause here Rudy
Rudy Giuliani apparently butt-dialed a
couple times this is the funniest story
he but he butt-dialed at least twice and
there's his conversations private
conversations that were not meant to be
on a phone call were recorded on
voicemail to some journalists and and of
course he mentioned something about
money and something about a foreign
country and so that was enough for the
president's critics to say hey talked
about a foreign country he talked about
a lot of money this can't be good but we
don't know what the context was we have
no idea what the context was so to
imagine that because you don't know the
context you you therefore might be
guilty of a horrible crime well that's
kind of a stretch kind of a stretch all
right what else is going on here
so the Flynn case is getting really
interesting and I'm I feel as though I
don't quite understand that the timeline
and the who did walk because it's a
really complicated story but I would
just tell you this did you ever wonder
about why somebody who was smart enough
to be a general got taken down so easily
have you ever wondered about that you
know he's a general so clearly he's you
know highly educated on strategy
military strategy you know you would
expect he could play a pretty good chess
game so weren't you surprised he was
taken down so easily just like just
wiped off the board so here's what's
interesting
so his lawyer is getting busy making
some claims about what has happened to
general Flynn and the way that was run
and I won't go through the claims but I
have suddenly redefined my understanding
of Flynn it appears that he might have
more strategy and more guts than we
think
yeah I think if the Sun was threatened
so that has something to do with the way
he handled things but it looks like he
just sort of did a strategic retreat and
now that the strategic retreat as you
know served its purpose it looks like
he's going full thermonuclear on the
government now and I think we're gonna
find out that general Flynn's game is
pretty strong because if you're a
general you don't send your you know
your weak unit against the enemy's
strong unit and on day one Flynn had a
weak you know let's say a weak force
against the entire government who'd
lined up against them and threatened his
son that was a superior force what was
someone who was trained as a general
supposed to do
strategic withdrawal build up your
defense build up your weapons wait hold
hold hold hold
kill we have entered the kill phase
general Flynn through his lawyers look
like they're just gonna burn the
ground I mean it's too early so we're
still in you know we're still in you
know the fog of war don't know exactly
what these new accusations from Flynn's
side are gonna come up you know stuff
about documents being edited we don't
know how but you know maliciously etc I
mean there's a really really serious
complaints he's gonna scorch the
earth it looks like I mean too early to
say I could be wrong but it looks like
he's coming hard
I don't think general Flynn is gonna
take prisoners
I think he's gonna scorch the earth this
is so much fun anyway too early to know
we'll find out but here's my advice to
any of you if you're gonna mess with the
general you better finish the job if
you're gonna mess with the general who's
been chained trained by the US military
a very experienced man if you're gonna
try to take him down and you're gonna
try to take down his family in this case
threatening his son and of course
everything that happens to him affects
his wife etc if you're gonna take him
down
better finish it
looks like they didn't finish the job so
general Flynn it's your turn and this is
going to be so fun to watch alright
we'll see that's all I got for today I
will talk to you tomorrow
thanks again for James Norte for joining
me for a great conversation and I'll
talk to you all later