I don't bump bump bump bump bump bump on
the phone hey Nicholas come on in here
while you're coming in I'm gonna give
you a reverse angle so you can see he
look out the window today some of you
might you might know that I was showing
you the view out my window the other day
and all of those low hills that you can
see now were invisible even yesterday so
even yesterday you couldn't see those
hills it was all smoke but it looks like
today there's either a turn in the wind
or maybe the firefighters are more
successful but I'm far enough away from
the fire that I will not be personally
affected I do know people who have lost
their homes or probably lost their homes
I don't know the details yet so thinking
about all those fire victims the fire is
truly horrific let's talk about that
little so president Trump his first
mention of the California wildfires was
in a tweet which was roundly criticized
from both the left and the right for
being tone deaf and in his tweet he said
that the essentially he he put the
problem on bad forest management in
California and said that if they didn't
get their act together maybe he would
deny federal funds now Alyssa Milano
famous anti-trump critic tweeted back
and I don't know the facts on this so
I'm gonna just tell you what he said and
I'll tell you what she said but I don't
know which one is right or they actually
they both could be right but I don't
know the details so that Alyssa Milano
said that essentially 98 percent of the
forest
in California is federally owned in
other words it would be the federal
government's problem if the forests had
not been well managed now that doesn't
make it exactly Trump's problem because
I assume that whatever mismanagement is
happening is a you know a multi-year
thing it's not something that happened
in two years but whether or not ELISA
was exactly right or a little bit right
is a little bit off the topic it's a
good question I'd like to know the
answer to it
but I think most people thought the
tweet was tone-deaf because he was
criticizing criticizing the state at a
time when the state was literally on
fire and people were people were being
burned to death in their cars so in
terms of tone and timing it was a
complete failure even if even if
technically there was some point there
about you know a forest management that
could be done better I'm guessing that
couldn't be done better but I don't know
if that's exactly the problem somebody I
saw somebody comment that the real
problem is these fires were on the
border between civilization and forests
in other words the PG&E lines are what
caused it so when you put civilization
too close to forest you get bad stuff
fires but in any case for those of you
who say Scott you never criticize the
president
I usually don't criticize too deeply on
policy stuff because I don't know enough
about policy but on communications and
persuasion I'm usually praising the
president because he usually gets it
right and gets it right sometimes so
right that you've never seen it that
right before in this case yeah yeah in
this case I don't think there's anything
right about it
so that you can add this to my my list
of things which I'm clearly on record of
saying this was not a good
now the president did follow it up with
a more empathetic tweet in which he
mentioned the victims and the
devastation and we appreciate that but
if you're literally sitting in the
middle of a yeah I read that tweet but
while I was breathing the air of
vaporized citizens of my state and so
quite literally I was breathing in the
ashes of the burned up citizens of my
state while I was looking at a tweet
criticizing my state's forest management
which by the way it might be terrible I
don't know if it's good or bad so timing
wise timing wise not good now trying to
try to keep it real all right so some
some times the President does amazingly
good stuff sometimes a tweet does not
land does that mean he should not tweet
no no he should definitely keep tweeting
and frankly I don't hate the fact that I
we get something closer to his real
opinion I don't hate the fact that it's
a little bit human meaning that you see
the flaws you see the good stuff you
gotta see it all but that was clearly a
flaw I tweeted this morning one of my
followers on periscope was probably
watching right now has pointed out and I
think quite correctly that there's a
another one of those cases of the dog
that's not barking so the midterms came
and went and there's a story that you
haven't heard and I don't know why you
haven't heard it from the left you
haven't heard it from the right it's
like it doesn't exist and here's the
story the black vote I'm old enough to
remember meaning you know three months
ago when the black vote was important
and that people cared and if there was
an election there would be lots of
reporting about the black vote
did the black vote go this way or did it
go that way did somebody get more than
usual
I did see NBC had a article by a
Republican strategist pointing out that
Republicans were not winning the
Millennial vote and not winning women
and that it would be a big problem the
by the way the Latino vote is also not
mentioned but nor is the Asian vote and
it just completely not mentioned does
even anybody even know which way the
Asian American vote goes nobody reports
that why is that you're relevant that
feels to me like there are a lot of
folks involved why don't we care about
their vote what you know what it was the
focus on Millennials and women as
suddenly the two variables that matter
so I just put that question out there
I'm not entirely sure that we should
ever even report that sort of thing
imagine if you will this is just a
thought experiment I thought of this
right now so don't assume this is a good
idea but I'll put it out there
so we have we do have laws about
restricting freedom of speech around
very specific situations one of those
situations is you can't stand right next
to the voting booth and express your
freedom of speech you have to you have
to have a certain distance from the
voting booth so freedom of speech we do
sometimes suppress for very specific
tactical reasons such as getting an
election that's fair suppose we had a
law I'm not promote I'm not proposing
this but just put it out there
suppose we had a law that says that
polls cannot report the breakdown of who
voted in other words you could do a
private poll so you could privately know
if you're a politician but suppose it
became illegal to publish it suppose it
became illegal to know which segments of
the population were voting which way
would that make the world a better place
or a worse place it's a thought
experiment and I don't actually know the
answer that
but it seems to me that every time it's
reported every time it's reported it
seems to me it creates a frame of you
know an us-versus-them frame but if you
had a law that says not it's just
Americans the only thing you can do well
maybe you could maybe you could measure
Democrats versus independence versus
Republicans but you would never be able
to report on gender and you would never
be able to report on race what would
happen I think over time the sides would
start to blend a little bit more at the
moment if you're a woman let's say
you're let's say you're a 19 year old
woman and you're trying to decide who
you are in the world you know you're not
you're not a kid anymore you're not a
teenager you're an adult and you're
trying to you're trying to get into your
adult mindset you know you're trying to
figure out who you are as an adult what
does it do to you when you read the news
and all the talks about is that women
vote this way if you're 19 and every
headline says all the women vote this
way women do this wouldn't do that
isn't that influential doesn't the
reporting of the sides cause people to
take sides
I would think yes I don't know how to
test that and I'm not sure we could ever
make a lot of that because freedom of
speech and freedom of the press are too
important but I just put that out there
now I'm watching the Broward County
situation unfold and somebody pointed
out now let me just before I leave the
question about the black vote the the
risk that black voters have is that they
become irrelevant by their own actions
right as long as we live in a world
where we do report who votes which way
the black vote has rendered itself
irrelevant by always voting the same way
and maybe that's why nobody even reports
it anymore or at least that since the
midterm it's conspicuously missing from
the headlines so I just put that out
there as a observation and I don't think
it's unimportant now in Broward someone
pointed out that when you look at the
news on CNN they're not really talking
about Broward too much now they do
report it but they report it very
differently than you're seeing in the
conservative news outlets so to the
Conservatives there's clearly something
going on because there are so many
pieces of evidence the big piece of
evidence is that votes keep showing up
and they're always democratic they're
always Democrat votes hey we found a box
of stuff well let me guess more Democrat
votes in that box and Republicans I'm
just gonna go out on the limb so it's
deeply deeply suspicious but watch now
with the two the two sides are reporting
it CNN is reporting it this way no
evidence of voter fraud has been found
yeah that's sort of true meaning that
nothing proven of any scale has been
found I think there was something about
a box found here or you know twelve
votes got mixed in with 200 so there are
a few stories like that that would
suggest things are imperfect but CNN
correctly reports correctly that there's
no proof of some kind of massive voter
fraud just a couple of irregularities
they're definitely worth looking into
now Fox News and people on the right and
social media are saying well it's
obviously voter fraud and they will give
you all of these circumstantial reasons
why why is it all the votes go the same
way how could you possibly have this
many votes why could it possibly take so
long why is it always Broward County why
is it why is this Brenda Snipes at the
center of controversies
and and then there are a number of
things on the street like a truck that
was being unloaded and you couldn't tell
the Chain of Custody that's a red flag
etc so what does this remind you of it
reminds me of a reverse Russia Russia
gateless : a reverse Russia collusion
the two networks have just reversed how
they cover that right the the Russia's
situation is see them continually saying
well there's no proof of collusion but
what about this meaning what about these
people who had nothing to do with
anything but were convicted and they
will give you ten pieces of evidence
that are not evidence of growth they're
not proof of any kind of collusion but
they feel kind of suspicious if you put
them all together meanwhile Republicans
are doing exactly the same thing with
the election they're saying well it's
not proof but look at all this stuff
it's impossible that all this stuff
could be a coincidence one of the things
I'm writing about at the moment
in my book that you won't see for a year
or so is how easily you can be fooled by
lack of imagination if you have a bad
imagination and somebody says look at
all these facts there's only one thing
that this could lead to and the only
thing you can imagine is the one thing
that's been mentioned look it all means
this okay I can't imagine any other
reason this would be true but let's take
Broward for a moment and see if we can
imagine anything else that would explain
what we're seeing can you think of any
other hypothesis that would explain
everything you're seeing in Broward
without massive voter fraud but would
incompetence always get you more
Democrat votes than Republican could it
be incompetence that it's always in one
direction because incompetence seems
like a random thing right sometimes
incompetent we'll go this way
sometimes incompetent would go that way
could it be that it's always incompetent
in the same direction because I'm not
I'm not sure that just incompetent would
get you mistakes that only go in one
direction so what so what else could it
be I'm gonna give you a hypothesis and
the hypothesis goes like this the
polling sites that are run by
Republicans are well managed that's it
that's the alternate hypothesis the
Republican polling places that are
managed by Republicans if there are any
are well-managed and so you don't see
any mistakes coming from that side but
if you are unless a Democrat managed
area and somebody finds a box of
uncounted ballots on the floor it's just
bad management there was just a box on
the floor
if you see a Chain of Custody that looks
a little lakhs it could be just that it
could be nothing but a poorly managed
site in which Democrats are in charge
yeah it's still incompetence but it's a
special kind of incompetence in which
Republicans are a little more dedicated
about chain-of-command and making sure
everything's appropriate and they're not
losing any boxes whereas the Democrats
just don't manage the process the same
way and they're a little more relaxed
about process now would that be unusual
not really because what is it about
Republicans that defines them as a party
one of the things that defines
Republicans is they're really sticklers
about process and rules and the law so
if you had two groups just
hypothetically all right I'm not just
stop right here to tell you I'm not
defending anything and I'm not telling
you what the answer will be
in broward whether it's gross voter
management or just incompetence I'm not
giving you my opinion
I'm giving you a competing hypothesis
that you can compare so the competing
hypothesis is that Republicans are
acting like Republicans lots of respect
for the law they're doing less drugs on
the job right you know that's true there
you know fewer drugs maybe they're a
little bit more process driven really
making sure every every dot is covered
that would be very Republican Democrats
are more about the outcome I've talked
about this before that Republicans are
more about the system is it in the
Constitution is it in the law
what's our system Democrats are more
like hey I'd like to get a Democrat
elected or wouldn't it be good if we had
fairness or what if we had more income
equality so there's there more goal
oriented without the system that gets
you there if you took those two groups
who self self-identify so all the people
who self identify as rule-followers who
really really care about the rules and
then the other group self identifies as
more more about the goal than the
process they're a little sloppy in the
process but they're they have good goals
they like a better world if you
self-identified those two which of the
two are more likely to have problems in
the process where they forgot a box of
votes which group could have a whole
truck full of votes that they forgot to
count well the ones that came out of
Democrat managed areas so there is a
competing hypothesis that just says what
a group is simply better at it than the
other and that it's it's because of
self-identification not because there's
anything naturally different about the
groups and that yeah of course I'm over
generalizing I'm over generalizing in
front of you exactly the way that you
just identify
so you have to compare those two
hypotheses incompetence that is mostly
at one side so that the incompetence
when you find a vote it's usually on the
side where they lost it all right you've
heard the thing that when you're looking
for something that's lost you only you
always find it in the last place you
look
and then it's a joke because the last
place you look is where you found it so
you don't need to look anymore of course
it's always the last place you look
likewise if all the mistakes are on one
side that's where you find the mistakes
all right nothing on that did you so on
a more fun level you probably know the
controversy about SNL's Pete Davidson
made fun of Republican candidate Dan
Crenshaw's eyepatch you know you and Dan
Crenshaw apparently lost an eye in
military service and so when Pete
Davidson made an aside about his lost
eye it's like I guess he lost him to war
or something kind of trivialized it the
country country pushed back and said hey
II can't treat a vet like that now my
understanding is said Dan Crenshaw sort
of just laughed it off or didn't you
know he didn't make a big deal about it
himself he just had a sense of humor
about it I believe that was the story
but anyway last night apparently the
real Dan Crenshaw was invited on the
show to mock Pete Davidson to even the
doubt I gotta say whatever you think of
P Davison it was kind of brilliant
because he he promoted Dan Crenshaw in
terms of respect so he put him on a you
know an even basis and then he led he he
left Crenshaw have a free punch and then
after Crenshaw took a free punch he gave
him a chance to have another one so I
think Crenshaw got three free punches to
compensate for Davidson's
what he would you know
he's recognizing as something that maybe
stepped over the line so and I'm asking
myself if you're a military person or
even if you care about military people
he is it is it your is it your belief
that people shouldn't do dumbass things
shouldn't make mistakes shouldn't tease
people alright nobody believes that
right everybody makes mistakes and my
standard for how you deal with life the
way I judge people is not by the mistake
it's just a loser
I think it's loser think to judge people
by mistakes because we all make them
especially if they're verbal mistakes
things you said in public that you
shouldn't have that's the worst way to
judge somebody what you should do to see
how they react react to their mistake
now it's it's a show that only happens
once a week so the 48-hour rule isn't
quite as useful but in this case you
want to see how they react to it and in
my opinion Pete Davidson's reaction to
it was self-deprecating respectful
completely appropriate I will give him a
plus and in my my personal way of
judging people means that the original
offense is now wiped from the books to
never be spoken of again except to enjoy
enjoy the story all right so whatever
you think of these two people I thought
they both they both accounted very well
for themselves secondly part of the
story is how did how did Dan Crenshaw do
in let's say what's the right word
representing the military how did Dan
Crenshaw do in in the way he responded
to it from the start through the SNL
really well Dan Crenshaw really I think
he brought respect to people with
military service a plus from him so this
is one of those rare situations where
every
thing was done right by two people who I
can like now I mean I liked it before
but I liked it better all right let's
talk about people keep asking me about
this alleged of abortion commercial that
we see on the Internet I think it was me
in a while ago but for some reason it's
floating around if you haven't seen it
it alleges to be and I'm using the word
alleges here yet alleges to be a
commercial in favor of pro-choice in
other words a pro abortion rights video
except that the way they go about it is
to show a cute baby and the cube bait in
the words over the baby say stuff like
she deserves to be loved she deserves to
be taken care of or whatever and then it
says she deserves to be a choice and you
look at her you go this is a
pro-abortion commercial showing an
actual living baby who we love now
people are saying isn't this the worst
persuasion you've ever seen who could be
so dumb to make this commercial
here is my here's my judgement on the
commercial it's fake
it's not real so my judgement on that
commercial is that it was not made it
was not made by pro-abortion people in
all likelihood it was made by
anti-abortion people who want you think
I want you to think it was made by
pro-abortion people there isn't now I
don't have proof of that except that
I've lived in the world and I would make
a very large bat that it was not made by
people who want you to want you to
receive the commercial the way it looks
it was either a mole or or it's just a
hoax
pro-life saves little babies somebody's
saying alright so somebody say it was
satire I don't know because it would be
hard for me to imagine that someone
thought you would laugh about it so do
not treat it like it was a serious
commercial meant to be pro-choice I
don't think that's what it was I'm
willing to be wrong about that by the
way if it ever comes out that somebody
can find out the real source of that and
all that then that would be terrific but
I think it's a fake commercial if for
those of you who follow me on Twitter
and especially if you take the time and
I don't know why you would - look at my
retweets and replies one of the things
you'll notice is how many times critics
will come on to my Twitter and say oh
yeah if you're saying that about this
situation what do you say about this
situation you hypocrite and it never
works with me it just never works this
morning somebody said oh yeah you're
saying that people should not have gone
after Tucker Carlson what did you say
when when Alex Jones went after the what
was the shooting the Sandy Hook thing
and apparently docked somebody and I
think to myself I don't remember
supporting that I'm pretty sure I'm
consistent the bad behavior is bad
behavior wherever it comes from yeah so
people pull the what about ISM on me and
it just never works because I think I'm
pretty consistent about not liking
things that are disreputable and liking
things that are good for the world I'm
sure there'll be an exception someday
now let's get into the dangerous stuff
that I put toward the end of my
periscopes because the week will never
get there like my critics will never go
through an entire periscope like if
you're a person who dislikes me you're
not going to sign on to
this periscope and wait you know 30
minutes for me to say something you
don't like you're gonna bail out much
easier so by this part in the periscope
I'm usually just talking to for the most
part talking to people who can
understand my context yeah and you have
to understand my full context to really
understand anything I say which is true
of everybody but probably more true for
me because I I deal in nuance more than
other people so it's more important to
know my context and I've developed
something which I call the Tucker
Carlson test the Tucker Carlson test and
it goes like this
you read something on the Internet let's
say it's something about the anti-shah
people who went to his house I tweeted
an article about it this morning which
is a really good article by the way you
should read it it's somebody who is an
observer who watched the who watched the
entire protest and has some differences
in terms of some of the details now I I
don't have an opinion about whether
Tucker's version of the details is more
accurate than this observers version of
the details but I would say that it's in
the details and the they're not
important details and that there's a fog
of war that happens over these things
for example somebody in the crowd did
mention pipe bombs when Tucker's wife
who was hiding inside and was afraid of
who these people were
heard the word pipe bombs she got
worried and so it was reported that
maybe somebody was talking about using a
pipe bomb The Observer reports that they
were talking about the pipe of bomber
who had been in their opinion influenced
by rhetoric from the right so the
reference to the pipe bomb was actually
the opposite of dangerous because they
were talking about
let's have less pipe bombs essentially
I'm you know oversimplifying it so they
weren't saying let's bring a pipe bomb
they were saying you know stop saying
things that might cause people to bring
pipe bombs but if you're a crowd
masked people outside of somebody's door
and you mentioned the words pipe bomb
don't expect that to be clear so there's
a there's a fog of war about the details
but none of the details really change
the nature of what happened I would say
it's essentially the same with or
without those details well here's the
Tucker of Carlton test I have tested a
number of people on the Internet with
this test and they have all failed the
article that I sent around this morning
also failed because the article does
what a lot of the people on the anti
right side do they say there was a
protest at Tucker Carlson's house and
it's probably because of all the racist
things he says and then they'll link to
something that should show you the
racist things he says and I think to
myself here's the first here's the first
red flag if somebody a public figure and
it doesn't have to be Tucker but just
some public figure if they said
something that was racist wouldn't at
least the quote because it's probably
just one sentence of racism right that
clearly says they're racist wouldn't
that quote be included in the article as
opposed to just a link where you have to
go look for it ask yourself that right
wouldn't they include the racist quote
and you see this all the time for
example when they talk about the
president they say well you know but
that thing he said in Charlottesville or
they'll give you a little laundry list
now most of them are hoaxes as you down
but Charlottesville one is just a hoax
but they'll give you reasons you can at
least check them and they put them right
in the body of the article there might
be links as well but they also mention
them if somebody writes an article about
Louis Farrakhan and they say Louis
Farrakhan his a racist don't you usually
see in the article because he said this
or that about Jews it's usually writing
the article there might be a link to it
but the least summarize it so you know
yeah I think termites was the offending
phrase but with Tucker
watch how often they don't mention what
it is he said they just link to it and
so I said okay great people keep telling
me that Tucker says racist things I
watched Tucker's show almost every night
I've probably seen I'd say I've seen I
don't know 80 or 90% of all the content
he's produced since he's been on Fox and
well before that as well and I haven't
seen any so I thought to myself finally
somebody provided a link
I'll go follow the link and I'll find
out what it is he said that somebody is
calling racist because I really was
curious I I didn't have any idea I
didn't even have a good guess of what it
was and I go to the link and it's a
conversation they're linking to a video
in which he's talking to Mark Steyn a
frequent guest on his show and doctor
made this point that and I'm
paraphrasing that if immigration is
unchecked it will change your culture
and that shouldn't the people who live
here in our legal citizens be the people
who decide how or if their culture is
influenced and how it evolves the
question is who gets to make the choice
you've heard me talk about this before
right no we're in the link did Tucker
say it's bad to have more Hispanic
influence it wasn't there
it wasn't even slightly there
it wasn't even alleged it wasn't alluded
to it was a very clear statement about
it's important who makes the choice do
you simple simply let people who don't
live in the country decide what your
country becomes this is not a good or
bad this is not we should have less of
it at no point did Tucker or Mark Steyn
say we should have less of this what
they said very clearly is who gets to
decide is a nation an important entity
in which the nation gets this
how or if it evolves in any direction it
doesn't matter if it's good or bad or
one you like or when you don't
it's simply who gets to decide that was
the number one piece of racism evidence
against Tucker Karl that he believes the
Constitution should be an important
guiding you know and the laws of the
country should be guiding principles
that was what they called racist oh my
freaking God that was it that was the
best example now keep in mind if there
was a better example than that I'm
pretty sure they would have linked to it
right you're not gonna link to the bad
example if you've got a good example so
online I've been giving people the
Tucker Carlson test because quite a few
people have commented on my comments and
they've said that you know he's a he's a
racist and he's firing up racist
feelings so he had it coming you know
he's people were essentially justifying
the protesters at his house and I say -
I've been saying to a number of them can
you send me a link to the one best piece
of evidence of your point that he's
racist you mean you don't have to send a
laundry list just give me your best
piece of evidence because if the best
piece of evidence is nothing or a
misinterpretation
I don't probably have to look at the
second best one do I maybe not because
if the best one is literally an illusion
or a hoax like the Charlottesville hoax
then you can sort of know what the rest
of them are likely to look like so I
call it the Tucker Carlson test where
you get somebody to send you any bit of
evidence to support their claim that
Tucker has promoted racist to anything
indeed if you were to look at it
objectively he more than anybody on Fox
probably invites on opposite points of
view now I will say
that the points of view he invites on
tend not to be the most eloquent
speakers I don't think he's inviting the
best representatives of the other side
but that might be a function of who's
willing to go on the show in the first
place
you might not be able to you maybe you
can't get the most let's say effective
speakers for the left just because it's
Tucker show and it's on Fox News but I
don't think you could find anybody well
here's another challenge find me anybody
on who's associated with conservatives
or associated with Fox News just
associated with the right find me anyone
on the right who is more inclusive of
viewpoints from the left who literally
invites one on the show just about every
single show is there anybody who comes
close you know and I find myself in this
weird situation of defending Tucker and
I you know that's not my point of this
my point of it is how we view the world
and you know are we being rational and
are we being hypnotized or are we being
honest brokers of truth all right I got
one more point and this one's a
dangerous one there I saw an article I
don't know how credible it is that
Muller has something like dozens of
sealed indictments now I'm no lawyer so
I don't know exactly what I'm talking
about here but the the suspicion is that
these sealed indictments are going to be
bad news for the president now if I had
to guess and I had to bet on it I don't
think there's anything in the Muller
indictments that will be a kill shot in
other words nothing that will remove him
from office or a kwasind Beach 'men but
there might be plenty of little stuff
that is sort of almost kind of bad but
not
so bad you remove a president but some
people think it is and other people's
think it isn't so it's likely there'd be
something in that messy area where it's
ambiguous and I thought to myself what
would happen to the country if Muller
actually had the goods spoke in it
doesn't even mean the goods are true it
just might be a good case suppose
suppose Muller came up with a good case
for removing a sitting president and
happened to be this president and
suppose that case didn't look credible
to part of the country now if it's a
credible case against any president you
can usually get enough people to say ok
we didn't know about that if we had
known about that we would feel
completely different about it but now
that you tell us we're reassessing so
regardless of what President were
talking about if if it was good clear
convincing evidence of anything bad
people would kind of get on board with
our a we got to make a change here but
suppose it's murky suppose Muller Muller
has something that's really really bad
but not exactly credible meaning that
the people on the right are gonna look
at it and say that's no proof that's no
evidence you made that up
what would Muller do if he possessed
information that would cause a civil war
it's a real question that's it
let's let's say you're Muller and I'm
gonna make some assumptions about Muller
my first assumption about Muller is that
he's a patriot now Patriots can be
biased right they can be left or they
could be right but Muller is served in
the military he was a you know he's
served in these government positions
even his critics are a pretty positive
about him he has gone this far without a
single leak without without a single
misstep that we've noticed Muller is a
pretty stand-up guy now I realize
you know if he comes up with something
that the pro-trump side doesn't like
there's going to be a lot of a lot of
pushback against him but at the moment I
would say Muller is probably a Patriots
lead at the very least he cares about
the fate of the country you know he may
prefer it going one direction to the
other he may like or dislike the
president but I'm sure he likes the
country are you all with me so far would
you at least agree that even if Muller
was biased in one way or the other
at the very least he likes the United
States all right
what would happen if he had some
information which if releasing it even
if it's true even if it's true would
cause a civil war what would you do with
it if you were a patriot and you said
okay this is my job to release it but if
I do release it it will destroy the
world because if the u.s. goes down the
world's in trouble - I mean the odds of
another world war are pretty good would
he release it what would he do how would
he deal with it now my my expectation is
he doesn't have anything but suppose he
does he might be tempted to bury it what
would you do if you were Muller and you
found something that really wouldn't
change anything for the good let's say
hypothetically let's say hypothetically
you found out something that would cause
a civil war but if nobody found out it
really wouldn't make any difference in
other words that life could go on
without us knowing this information and
we'd all just be happier for it he's
like okay and that just happened in the
past that was not ideal but it doesn't
really change anything there are a lot
of possibilities here and one of them is
that Muller has something that could
cause an actual civil war
yeah so I just put that out there as a
possibility that I hadn't considered
before are you a Russian spy somebody
says totally by the way if you haven't
seen the latest episode of a TV show
called Modern Family it is the funniest
thing there there's a the the latest one
I think the the description would be
something about there's some suspicion
that the characters are having an affair
so that's the description you will look
for it but there's a scene in it about
Russia that is so freakin funny and
you'll you'll understand it because of
the headlines
all right somebody asked me to ask Alexa
who is Scott Adams Alexa who is Scott
Adams spout Dale Adams is the creator of
the Dilbert all right who did that
[Music]
cancel did you hear that you may have
but you may have missed the punchline
somebody changed my name so that my
middle name is Dale I don't know how
they do that but you heard the other day
that somebody changed changed Alexa in
terms of Jim Acosta and they they
inserted fake journalist instead of
journalist so somebody did I don't know
how you're doing it and by the way I
would love to know how you did it that
was actually really good I'm gonna do it
one more time
well well we'll check on this to see how
long it lasts because it's kind of
hilarious
all right I'll do it again Alexa who is
Scott Adams
Scottdale Adams is the creator of the
Dilbert comic strip in the author of
several non-fiction works of satire
commentary and business his Dilbert
series canceled it's on Wikipedia oh
it's just reading Wikipedia oh is that
it does that what's happening I didn't
realize that's how easy it is you just
change Wikipedia so I just have to look
at look myself up on Wikipedia Wikipedia
yeah so it's you won't be able to see it
there but the this is right from
Wikipedia scottdale Adams okay very
funny I'll give you a full credit for
that oh sorry I sent off a lot of other
people's devices all right I think
that's all I have to talk about is there
anything else happening now yeah I do
need a better picture on Wikipedia am I
going to change it back now I'm not
going to change it actually don't have
any involvement with my own Wikipedia
page well that's not true I have I have
edited down some so in the old days the
old days I don't ten years ago people
were putting conspiracy theories and
just our a fake news on my Wikipedia
page and so there was at least once I
can't remember if I've done it more than
once at least once I've gone on to my
own Wikipedia page to correct the things
that were just literal
just made up and people push back and I
had this weird situation where people
were correcting me about me if there's
one topic I understand better than other
people
it's me so that was a weird situation
yeah avenatti is going after tucker and
there's some weird story about Tucker
and his daughter and his son being at a
some Golf Club restaurant and getting
into it with a patron I I don't know how
much of that is true but you're not
supposed to edit your page why can't I
edit my own page why would that be I
don't see why that should be illegal
should that should be the most legal
thing you could do because there are
other people checking if I if I edited
my Wikipedia page for something
completely false it wouldn't last very
long because I'm the public figure
people would just change it back
we should not edit our own Wikipedia
pages I I would I don't know what should
means in that case if it's against the
rules I would question the rule but I
could see why you might have one if it's
not against the rules and you're
correcting something that's just
factually inaccurate why not oh yeah
let's talk about Trump in Europe and the
rain so the story as it's reported is
that President Trump was supposed to go
to some cemetery I guess was to honor
two World War one American veterans but
because of the weather he did not go now
it's being reported that therefore he
doesn't care about the military so first
of all it's kind of ridiculous to claim
that the President of the United States
this specific president doesn't care
about the military because I don't think
we've ever had
and who talked more about the military
in positive ways or did more really so
it's it's I consider it a such a non
credible criticism that it really
detracts from the credibility of anybody
who says it first of all but here's the
other thing remember my rule about just
because you can't imagine another
explanation for the facts that doesn't
mean it's not there it might be the
limit of your imagination so let me give
you an example if let's let's say the
President of the United States was
supposed to go to the event and either
he or Melania I'm guessing she was there
and probably she was going to go suppose
one of them had a had diarrhea
you know just normal diarrhea they had a
stomach flu what would you tell the
press would you tell the press the
president's knock didn't go to the event
because the first lady has the shits
would you probably not you've probably
blame the weather or something who you
and and yeah so in all likelihood either
the president was up all night because
something came up that we don't know
about so it could have been it could
have been as simple as although this
isn't simple it could have been a
national security problem that were not
supposed to know about that caused him
to be awake all night and at his age and
given the importance of his position it
was more important than he guessed some
sleep so he could make good decisions
than it was to attend this event because
whatever it was that kept him up all
night for national security may have
been the most important thing in the
world we would never know that they
would just say I didn't go because it
was raining right now here's your tell
your tell that you are not supposed to
believe this story is that it's so weak
do you see that when you say the
president didn't go to the event because
it rained there
a wink with that wink he didn't go to a
planned event that was very important
because it rained wink wink
you don't hear the wink I hear a wink in
that story if if they wanted to give a
real reason why he didn't go it would
have been a stronger reason the fact
that they gave a transparently weak
reason is the wink
it's a wink and that tells you that he
had there was something else going on
that it's better we don't hear about how
about there's lots of stuff going on
that it's better we don't hear about
that's probably 80% of his job is
working on stuff that we shouldn't hear
about right away right so it is far more
likely if you're just if you're looking
at this objectively and you're not just
taking sides you know if you're not just
taking sides
he didn't go because it's raining should
be taken as I don't want to go in the
date because I need to wash my hair all
right it's supposed to be transparent
otherwise they would have done it better
I think now it's possible that you know
the the the theory that his critics are
putting on it's like my god he's been
pretending for 70 years to like the
military and finally we finally know the
truth that for 70 years he's been
putting on this show about being
supportive of the military but it was
all a trick as soon as it rained
he wouldn't even visit a grave okay is
that likely is that really is that even
slightly likely I mean it is in the
sense that anything's possible but it's
very very unlikely
compare that to my hypothesis that he
had a good reason or at least one he
doesn't want us to know about could have
been a stomach flu could have been
something he had to work on all night he
could have been having a fight with
melania that kept him up all night he
could have you know almost anything all
of those choices are far more likely
especially when you look at the
wink-wink week upon week reason they get
it was raining
can't go out in the rain nobody goes out
in the rain
wank wank was it a dist McCrone I don't
think so
yeah that doesn't make sense I think he
and McCrone actually understand each
other
by the way the McCrone tweet in which he
said that maybe europe should have its
own forces you know to to take on not
only china and russia but the united
states you heard that quote right and
you thought to yourself wait a minute
France needs a military to protect
against the United States that's crazy
and you know what the real explanation
to that is that's not what he said now
you're looking at the tweet and you say
well he clearly said that that's an
exact quote he mentioned Russia China
and the United States as the reason
their France needs to have its own you
know military service but then somebody
said the context was cyber cyber
military actions now when you put it in
the context of cyber it all makes sense
because one of the things we know is
that our allies are spying on us they're
using cyber against us and we're using
cyber I hate to say against but all of
the allies are sort of cyber burying
each other if you know what I mean and
we're definitely bugging France France
is definitely bugging us if they can get
it so if you're talking about the cyber
world the spy world it's not it's not a
ridiculous thing to say that the United
States is one of the forces the France
might want to protect itself from
because we're definitely in there cyber
pants and you know don't you think Great
Britain is in our cyber pants don't you
think that is really in the United
States are our sort of spying on each
other even though we're best friends
it's kind of the the fabric of reality
at this point
all right still not a credible statement
why would it not be a credible statement
to want to keep your allies and of your
business I think that's a credible
statement we're certainly trying to do
that on our side
why wouldn't we we've already talked
about the California fires and I'm going
to sign off now because I've run out of
things to say bye for now oh wait did I
have a simultaneous up I did not what
the hell is going on I showed you the
forest fire smoke and I forgot the
simultaneous epic you're not going
anywhere until you lift your cup your
mug your beverage vessel you lift it to
your mouth and you join me in this
simultaneous sip now now we can say
goodbye for today although I might see
you later
talk to you then