A good day not to look at your
stocks. We'll talk about
that. Let me get your comments working
so that we have a full and satisfying
podcast. The best you've ever seen
probably.
[Music]
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time. But if
you'd like to take it up to levels that
nobody can even understand with their
tiny shiny human brains, all you need
for that is a copper mug or a glass of
tanker shells as tiny canteen jug or
flask vessel of any kind. Fill it with
your favorite liquid. I like coffee. And
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure, the dopamine hit of the day.
The thing that makes everything better.
It's called a simultaneous sip. And
guess what happens right now.
Go. Now I feel
complete. All right. Thank you, Paul.
Good to know everything's
working. Well, UPS is uh talking to the
robot company called
Figure and uh they're talking about
maybe bringing in these 546 robots to
work on sorting
boxes according to Bloomberg. Do you
think that's real or fake news?
I don't think there's any robot company
that's making a robot that doesn't that
doesn't act like it's stoned. Like all
the robots are like,
"Uh, pick up a
box. Look at the box. Walk slowly." I
don't know. I just do not think we're
quite ready to replace a bunch of
uh warehouse people with robots. So
maybe they're just looking at the
future. Um according to CNBC, 30% of
Microsoft's code is now AI generated.
According to the CEO, there might even
be some of their software that is
completely written by AI.
So, I'm thinking of becoming a
programmer because apparently all you
need is AI and you can make anything. Is
anybody
tempted to just become a computer
programmer without any
experience? I don't think we can get
there yet. I think you have to be a
programmer to to make sure the AI is
doing what it's supposed to do.
Meanwhile, Whimo, the self-driving car
company, and Toyota are in some kind of
partnership. I assume they have to do
that because they're going to be
competing with Tesla really quickly. And
Tesla is going to lap them unless they
they do something big and bold. So,
we'll see if Whimo and Toyota can make
something work.
Uh, so does that mean that your Toyotas
will have a self-driving
car option? I don't know. Or maybe it's
just a cheaper way to get the Whimo
cars. Could be either one. We'll
see.
Um, I saw a post by Michael Mirlor that
apparently in New York City there's a
sudden boom in what they call members
clubs. So you pay some amount of money
and you can go to a members club and
there's just a bunch of them that popped
up. And
uh so Michael's theory is that the
reason these are all popping up is the
deterioration of civil society. In other
words, people are looking for a place
they can go where they don't have to
worry about their laptop getting stolen
and getting beaten up and, you know,
some fentinel addict falling on their
lap. So, they're starting their own
little private member
clubs.
Now, you could get cancelled for that
kind of thinking that you have to start
at your own private member club just to
get away from the riff raff.
Um, but it looks like it's going to be
kind of popular, so you might want to
start your own members club to stay away
from the people you want to
avoid. I've often thought that the the
secret to happiness is who you
avoid. You know, you you think of it in
terms of making friends and, you know,
being with people you love and stuff
like that. And that's good. You should
be with good people, but at least half
of happiness is avoiding bad people. So,
these member clubs get you
there. Well, there's a uh a
hair there's a hair loss pill. I didn't
even know this existed, but apparently
there's this pill you can take
uh to grow back your hair. But uh now
now the doctors the top urologist is
saying that it might have a really bad
side effect which is it will affect your
penis if you're a man. So it can make
your testicles burn and give you
suicidal thoughts and uh make your penis
bend and get smaller. Now this reminds
me of a rule that I developed 30 years
ago.
Every time I saw anything that was
supposed to help you grow hair, it would
be bad for your penis. Every
time. How in the world is your hair and
your penis so connected? So, so if you
see a bald guy, probably has a gray
penis. But if you see a guy who's like
50 and has a full head of hair, I don't
know, one in 10 chance he's got
something going on down there.
So that's the iron rule of science that
uh whatever is good for your hair is bad
for your penis. So remember
that. Um apparently the uh Trump
administration has published a hoax
list. So don't you love that? So you
you're probably most of you are aware
that I used to publish a hoax list. you
know, the top 12 and then it was the top
14 and then it was the top 20 and it got
a lot of attention and now the White
House is publishing their own hoax list.
So, shows all the fake news and Trump
derangement syndrome. Now, it's not it's
not the same as a list that I would uh
post so that there's no overlap. So,
theirs is more like the the more recent
stuff. And of course, they have plenty
of material to work with. The hoax list.
Good idea. Well, if you didn't see it,
uh Trump did an interview with ABC News
with a with a reporter named Moran, last
name Moran.
Um here are some of the highlights from
the interview. Uh, so the ABC News guy
says to uh Trump, uh, do you have a 100%
confidence in P A Seth? And Trump says,
that's a stupid question. I don't have
100% confidence that we're going to
finish this
interview. I will never get enough of
that. Every time Trump insults a
reporter who had it coming, it just gets
funnier.
Do you have 100% confidence? That's a
stupid question. I don't have 100%
confidence that we're going to finish
this
interview. Oh, then the uh the same uh
interviewer
um said to uh Trump that uh there had
been no fraud referrals from Doge. So he
couldn't understand why nothing had been
referred to the Department of Justice
for prosecution if they found all these
fraud
instances. And Trump says, "Well, you
don't know that, do
you?" And he and he forced the reporter
to admit that he wouldn't know if any
referrals had been made or not. So the
the question was more like an
accusation, but Trump very cleverly made
him sort of admit, okay, I have no idea
whether you've referred anything or not
because it'd be too early to know. But
Trump says yes, that there have been
fraud referrals. Do you believe that?
We'll find
out. Uh then there's a
uh I hate to say this, but there's a a
little fake news that I think uh Trump
himself fell for. So, the uh the the
topic of that so-called Maryland dad,
the potential uh or alleged MS13 gang
member came up and uh the topic of his
tattoos on his hand, his knuckles came
up, pulled up a photo that showed that
each of his each of his knuckles had a
tattoo and that the uh the images on the
knuckles, if you took the first letter
of each of the images, it would say
MS-13. And so the thinking was that it
was just a sort of a clever subtle way
to say he was MS-13 without actually
using the letters MS-13.
But to make it easier to know that that
was the point, uh, the photo had just
the the actual letters MS and 13
uh, to help you know what each of the
images was was standing for. But
apparently, and I'll take a fact check
on this, but it sure sounded like Trump
believed that the actual text letters
were part of the
tattoo because the way it was put on the
page, it looked like that was actually
my first thought, too. The first time I
saw it, I was like, really? Why does he
have the letters on his knuckles? But
the letters are not on his knuckles.
It's only the images. And the the
reporter knew that. So he fact checked
Trump in real time. But Trump wasn't
having it. And he was insisting that it
actually said
MS-13. And the reporter said, "Well, you
know, the tattoos suggested that it
could be, but it didn't actually say."
And Trump was, "Oh, yes, he said it. It
was right there. Didn't you see the
picture?" And I thought,
"Oh, well, that's not good." But I have
to admit, the very first time I saw the
same picture, I thought that was part of
the
tattoo. And I couldn't believe it when I
saw it. But then, you know, after
thinking about a little bit, I thought,
"Oh, no. That's just they're labeling
the tattoo. That's not the actual
tattoo." Uh, speaking of fake news, um,
you've heard that when scientific
studies get, uh, rechecked to see if
they're rep
reproducible, that at least in the
United States, half of them turn out to
be not reproducible, which means that
the science was
bad. And Brazil did a same thing with
their uh, biomed studies. Guess how many
Brazilian biomed studies are
reproducible, meaning
valid?
50%. So they got the same result as in
America. So half of the things that we
consider science because there's some
study that says something worked, half
are not
true and nobody knows which half. So if
it's either true or
false and half of them are not
reproducible, science and flipping a
coin are very very similar in accuracy
because you really can't tell if it's a
50/50
proposition. Well, apparently uh
Paramount the board is ready to settle
with Trump on his 60 Minutes lawsuit and
Newsmax money is reporting on this. Um,
you remember that uh Kla Harris was
interviewed by 60 Minutes and allegedly
they edited in a different answer than
the one she gave for the question which
made her look smarter and Trump was
suing because it uh, you know, basically
it looked like they were helping her win
the election. Now, you could argue as
Jake Dapper does that the edit was sort
of a normal edit and didn't really
change anything.
Um, I would confirm that it's also
normal for big entities like that
to change a uh
quote um or to put in a quote that
wasn't exactly what you said, but maybe
you said it at a different time. It's
not that
unusual, but um because Paramount wants
to do some kind of big merger, which
would require the Trump administration
to approve it, uh Trump sort of has them
by the
gonads. So, it looks like they're going
to pay up some big money. We'll see.
We'll see what they come up with.
Uh, also during that ABC interview,
uh, Trump may have gotten himself in a
bit of legal problem because when he was
talking about the Maryland Dad,
according to Jonathan Turley,
um, Trump said that he could get Garcia
back, but does not want to do so. And he
said that he's got lawyers, you know,
basically the ones that tell him he
can't do it or shouldn't do it. Uh, but
as Turley points out, if he admits that
he can do it, it's going to look like
he's ignoring the court order to
facilitate it, which he sort of is. So,
so that that story could change pretty
quickly based on what he said in that
ABC
interview. Here's some more of fake
news. Do you remember the story? They
said that
Amazon um was going to show the tariffs
as part of your checkout basket so you
can see how much more expensive things
were with the tariffs. That was never
true. Apparently, there's
some sub entity within Amazon where they
were plagued with that idea, but it was
never Amazon. It was just some sub
entity that you and I have never seen.
And then Trump's version is that he
called Jeff Bezos and asked him to, you
know, get rid of those tariff things.
And then Jeff Bezos, who's a great guy,
according to Trump, did exactly what he
was asked. But, uh, I think all they did
was change that little subunit that had
some special purpose that you and I
never seen
anyway then. But in uh just so you have
a little better understanding of the uh
whole tariff situation, I saw a post by
Dr. Insensitive Jerk who is a working
economist. um he obviously doesn't go by
his real name and he was explaining that
even if Amazon had shown the tariff cost
on top of the you know the the base
price you still wouldn't know how much
extra you're paying because the the uh
the vendor might be eating some of it.
So, for example, if somebody was
producing something for 10 cents and
selling it for
$2, um, and they had a big um, tariff,
they might say, "Our margins are so
good, we won't pass it all on on to the
consumer. We'll just lower our base
price." And then when you add the tariff
on, it'll be, you know, pretty close to
the price you were paying before.
So you never know how much the vendor is
eating. So even if you saw the tariff
cost, that wouldn't necessarily tell you
that you were seeing the extra cost. It
might not be extra. So just know
that. Um and Trump had mentioned
something about that too. He said, you
know, the tariff costs are not
necessarily going to be what you pay
because the vendor might, you know, have
to use some of it.
Um, there's also some what I think is
fake news that Trump says he might be
coming up with a huge tax cut because
we'd be making so much money from the
tariffs that you would use the tariff
income instead of tax income. Does
anybody think that's
true? I don't think the numbers come
even close to working because on one
hand he he's put these big tariffs on
everybody. But on the other hand, the
whole point of the tariffs is to
negotiate away tariffs so that they are
either really small or they go away. So
he can't have it both ways. He can't be
using it as a negotiating tool with the
purpose of getting rid of tariffs both
directions. at the same time he's going
to use that as a major source of
income. You you got to kind of pick one.
And I don't think the one where he uses
that as a source of income makes sense.
And also it would be a tax. It would
just be a different form of tax. It
wouldn't be replacing a tax. And I also
wonder would that be better or worse for
low-income people? If you're a lowincome
person and you're probably not paying a
lot in federal income tax in the first
place, but everything you
buy is going to be a little more
expensive if there's a tariff on top of
it. So, are you going to be
happier because you're paying your taxes
through a
tariff than than if you just paid it
directly to the government? Yeah. None
of this works.
Um, and then, uh, Trump says, "In the
coming weeks and months, we'll pass the
largest tax cuts in American history." I
don't think that's even a little bit
true, but there may be somebody who gets
some tax cuts. We'll see. I doubt it
will be the biggest one in American
history. According to the Hill,
um the EU's Ursula Vand
Delean, Ursula
Vanderlean, she was uh she was saying
that Trump's uh tariff policy was quote
unpredictable. Now, is that an insult to
say that his tariff policy is
unpredictable?
Well, it feels like she doesn't
understand the tariff policy because you
know how uh the Europeans could make the
tariff policy
predictable? They could
negotiate. It doesn't matter if they're
unpredictable. Now, the entire point is
that they would sit in a room and come
up with a very predictable but different
set of uh set of tariffs andor no
tariffs. So if anybody wants to solve
the problem of the tariffs looking
unpredictable, all you have to do is
call a meeting and then negotiate it and
you'll know exactly what you're getting.
So all the all the Democrats who are um
complaining because Trump's tariff rule
out looks like it was, you know, poorly
planned and, you know, it looks like uh
it's chaos and he keeps changing it and
all that. None of that matters.
Because the entire point is to get you
in the same room and then make it
predictable so you don't have to worry
about any of the unpredictable stuff.
But the unpredictable part is what gets
you in the room because you can't handle
the
unpredictable. Trump's approach to
negotiating the tariffs is kind of
perfect. It just doesn't look like it if
you don't know how things work in the
real world. Every one of these people
complaining about the chaos and the
unpredictability, they have complete
control over that. Just call a meeting,
negotiate a trade deal, you'll have all
the predictability you want. Everybody's
happy. Apparently, uh, China has uh sort
of quietly, they say, issued a white
list, meaning some things that will not
be tariffed.
And that would include uh pharma,
microchips, and aircraft
parts. And they're they're doing it kind
of quietly. Now, the pharma part I had
not seen before. I' I'd seen the tech
part before because I knew that they
were getting flexible on microchips,
microchips, and air aircraft parts, but
the thing I was most worried about in
terms of
shortages was the
pharma. And it could be that China has
figured out that if they make it
difficult for us to buy
socks, h no big deal. If they make it
difficult for us
to buy new paper weight for the
office, no big deal. Most of the things
that you buy on Amazon, if you couldn't
buy them for 3 months, how much would
that really affect you? Right? There
there are things you want and there's
things you prefer and it'd be great if
he could get it quickly, but most things
are not going to make any difference at
all. But I'll tell you what would make a
difference if you can't get your meds.
So they may they may have correctly
determined that if they turn off the
meds
uh China is just done because that's the
difference between um it would be
inconvenient to do business with you
versus we can never do this again. We
have to immediately bring all our pharma
locally. We have to speed that up. So I
think China is being smart. if they cut
off our pharma,
uh we're not going to forgive that. That
that is a one-way trip. So, we'll
see. You know, the story about
uh um all of the power outages in
Europe, I guess it was Spain and
Portugal and a little bit of France. And
the story was that it was the
renewables. Oh, it's because you have
solar and wind and your renewables don't
work. Well, I saw a uh report from
Reuters that uh it's not the renewables.
So, it's not the reliance on renewables
that's to blame. You know what's to
blame? Rather than blaming the
renewables, the issue appears to be the
management of
renewables. So, it's not the renewables.
The renewables are fine. It's just the
management of the renewables in the
modern
grid. So that's
different a little bit. A little bit,
but not super different.
I guess a bunch of conservative groups,
mostly and libertarian groups, are
urging Congress to overturn the Biden
administration's uh approval of
California's gas car ban. This is uh in
just the news reporting it. So, you
might not know this, but California is
one of several states, there are 11
states now that have signed on to sort
of match the California plan that would
uh essentially eliminate gas powered
cars by
2035
and that would start phasing in very
quickly in 2026. So, there'd be a real
big impact on all that stuff. So, it
does seem to me that if Congress stays
Republican, that might get overturned.
Now, that would just be one example of
something that California is doing to
ruin the entire country.
Um, is is ruining the entire automotive
industry. Is there anything else we can
do for
you? When was the last time you heard a
story about California did something
smart or that it was good for the rest
of the country?
Well, let's look at a few other things
that are in the news from California.
Apparently, uh, Governor Nim has said
about California, quote, "We've been do
we've been doing Doge but better for
literally six
years." Do you think California has been
cutting things with a scalpel for six
years? Does that sound even a little bit
true?
I saw Joel Pollock of uh Breitbart
writing about this and he points out
that uh Gavin Newsome's first budget in
2019 was 209 billion and his latest
budget proposal for 2025 is 322 billion.
So maybe he should have used the
chainsaw and not the
scalpel. Um, and uh, the state, as Joel
points out, the state is borrowing money
to fund basic
healthcare. It's
unbelievable that Gavin Newsome would
even try to convince people that he's
been doing Doge for six years. No, he
hasn't. He's been doing the opposite.
Meanwhile, according to the Financial
Times, the big oil companies look like
they're going to have their worst year
since the pandemic because the price of
oil keeps uh going down. Um, but is that
good news or bad
news? So, if the price of oil goes
down, won't that make your inflation go
down? And if your inflation goes
down, wouldn't that make the Federal
Reserve lower interest rates? And if you
got lower interest
rates, wouldn't that make everything
better?
So if you're worried about the oil
companies themselves, they might be
having not their best year coming up.
But if you're looking at the
country, what we were looking at is
let's get a lot of oil going so that we
can, you know, that the supply and
demand will fix our inflation. So that
might be happening at the same time. And
also related to inflation, we got the
new uh jobs report from ADP.
Anyway, and it doesn't look so good. So,
not many jobs were added. Uh, worse than
expected. We're hoping for 114,000 jobs,
but we got about half of that and it was
the lowest monthly total since February
2022. And then also February was revised
down. Uh, so so jobs not looking so
strong.
But what happens when jobs are not
looking so
strong? Then the Federal
Reserve lowers interest
rates. So if you look at the price of
energy going down and you look at the
employment going down, we should be in a
situation where the Fed is almost
certainly going to have to lower
interest rates. And when you lower
interest rates, stock market goes up and
it's easier to handle your national debt
and everything else is a little bit
better. So it's hard with economics,
it's hard to know what's good news and
what's bad news because almost
everything that's good news for somebody
is bad news for somebody else and vice
versa. This is a perfect
example. Uh, according to Newsmax, the
some Republican senators are trying to
make the Trump investment executive
order a law. So, apparently Trump has an
executive order to um accelerate the
external investments in the United
States. So if somebody wanted to invest
a billion dollars or more in the United
States rather than get a bunch of red
tape um and regulations and approvals
and whatever else that the United States
would make it easy and so these uh I
guess a couple of Republican
senators Blackburn and Bud and Rickettts
have introduced legislation to make that
permanent which seems to me like just a
perfectly good idea. I don't think
there's any downside that Breitbart is
actually reporting
that. Well, here's a story that's just
shocking. Th this is just shocking. You
all know um I think most of you know uh
Robbie
Starbucks. He's been one of the activist
who's gotten a bunch of big companies to
change their DEI policy. So, that's one
of the things he's most known for. But,
uh, apparently he he checked on himself
on the Meta AI and, uh, Meta says some
really untrue and horribly defamatory
things about him, and I'm going to tell
you what they are, but you have to
understand none of this is true. All
right? So, before I start, none of it's
true. It's just completely made up. So,
according to Meta and and he's he's
doing a lawsuit to sue Meta for a lot.
Um Meta claims that Robbie Starbucks
appeared on Nick Fuente's show
uh and that uh he's spoken at his
rallies and supported him. The truth is
they've never even met. They've never
even met. He didn't do any of those
things. Meta AI claims that Starbucks
engaged in Holocaust
denial, which has literally never
happened. It just has never
happened. Uh Meta says that Starbucks
tells advertisers not to know Meta tells
advertisers not to advertise with him
because of the lies it invented. So
that's bad. that directly goes to um the
finances. Uh Meta tells employers not to
hire me because of the lies that Meta
itself
invented.
And oh my god, this is so bad I can't
even believe it. Meta suggested that
Robbie Starbucks kids be taken away from
him because it would be better for them
to be raised by someone more friendly to
DEI and
transgenderism. Oh my
god. And Meta uh claims that he's been
sued for defamation and emotional
distress, which has never happened. So
all this is just completely made up.
and he said he's been trying to fix it
privately since last year, but instead
of fixing it, uh, Meta has given them
the
runaround. So, I decided to go on Meta
and see what it says about
me. And Meta says I'm a Holocaust
denier, and that's what my podcast is
about.
I'm not a Holocaust denier, and I've
certainly never said that on a podcast
or anywhere
else. So, apparently Meta doesn't like
me anymore than it likes Robbie
Starbucks. Now, I'll I'll let Robbie
Starbucks sue him, but oh my god. Let me
just say this to Meta. you,
 you. And
uh you you pieces of You absolute
pieces of This is so bad you need
to fix it right
away. Well, let's talk about some other
fake news. Uh I saw James Carville uh
appeared on Fox News and uh he was
making some claims about Trump. Now, uh,
this is dangerous
territory, so you have to listen
carefully to what I actually say so that
Meta doesn't come up with a whole new
rumor about me. Okay? So, if you heard
the rumor and and Carville was making
the claim that uh, Trump is a
Nazi and he was giving his evidence. So,
here's some of Carville's evidence that
Trump is a Nazi. He claimed that Trump
had a copy of Minecom in his
bedstand. Do you think that's true? How
many of you think it's true that Trump
had a copy of uh Hitler's book Minecom
in his
bedside? No, that's not true. There is
something that
uh Ivana, his first wife first wife.
Yeah. Um had claimed to someone else who
made the claim. So there's some hearsay,
but the claim was never mine comp. That
that was never even rumored to be true.
What was
rumored was that he had a copy of
Hitler's speeches that was given to him
by somebody
else. Now, let me ask you
this. How many books has Trump read that
you're aware of?
none. He his ghost writer Tony Schwarz
said that Trump basically doesn't read
books because he doesn't have the
attention span to read a whole book. Do
you think that Trump actually read that
book? No, because I don't think he read
any other books. I don't think he read
any others. I I I asked Grock to give me
a list of things of books that we know
Trump did read and one of the ones was
uh Sunsu, The Art of War. And I'm
thinking to myself, do you really think
he read that? You know, I love Trump,
but he's not a book reader.
So whether or not this book had been
been given to him or not, he certainly
didn't read
it.
Anyway, here's what I think. Uh I think
there's a reason that somebody would
give it to him. And here's where it gets
dangerous. So I got to I got to pick my
words carefully. For for the people who
are familiar with persuasion or want to
learn persuasion, one of the most
obvious things that you'd like to do is
see what the enemy would do if they were
trying to persuade you. So, if you were
a sports team, you'd want to watch some
film of the
opponent. If you were a persuader, you'd
want to see what might someone else be
doing to me that I don't know is
persuasion.
So it would make perfect sense for
somebody interested in persuasion to
read Hitler's
speeches. Do you know why I've never
read Hitler's speeches or mine
comp? Only one
reason. So that if somebody ever asks me
if I've read them, I don't have to lie
and say, "Nope." And and indeed I've
never read them. But would it be useful
if I did? Yes, totally. It would be
completely useful because I would be
super interested in looking at the
technique because that's like the
ultimate evil and persuasion is the
biggest part of what was doing otherwise
he couldn't have done anything. So I
would very much like to know what kind
of technique he's using. very much like
a football coach would very much like to
know what kind of plays does the
opposing team run. Of course, I'd like
to know what the enemy is up to. Of
course. Now, here's the other thing. Why
would he still have
it? Well, I'm going to make an analogy.
I'm just speculating on this. If
somebody gave you as a gag gift a sex
toy, let's say they gave you an
inflatable woman or something and you
weren't interested in it because that's
not your thing, would you feel
comfortable just putting it in your
normal
trash? Would you? Cuz if somebody saw
the inflatable woman in your
trash, they're going to say, "Oh man,
what's going on with this guy?" So even
if you want to throw it away, you'd have
to find some way to wrap it up or
concealing it before it even went in the
trash, right? So throwing away your
Hitler speeches book, not so easy. So
what would you do instead of throwing it
away?
Maybe you might throw it in a drawer
just just to get it out of the way
because throwing it in the garbage might
make it more more visible to, you know,
people who
are, you know, your housekeepers, etc.
Here's something
else. Um, well, and we don't even know
who put it in the bedstand or if it was
in the bedstand or if any of that is
real.
Um, but let me tell you why it's
important to know what techniques Hitler
used. And the answer is it's the same
technique that Carville is using.
Carville is using Hitler's techniques.
Hitler's techniques, which I don't know
from reading any of Hitler's books, but
I watch the History Channel and you know
it it's one of those things that anybody
in persuasion knows, is the big lie.
They start with a big lie so wild that
your brain goes, "What? That's so big.
That must be true or they wouldn't say
it." The big lie is that Trump is
somehow Hiller. You can't get a bigger
lie than that, right? So then the way
you press it is you get the pre you get
the media on your side and then you
repeat it
endlessly. And that's the biggest part
of the trick. You you find a target, you
tell a big lie and then you repeat it
endlessly. That's the core of the Hiller
persuasion method. That is exactly what
Carville is doing. So Carville is not
only using Hitler's technique very
overtly. I mean there's no doubt about
it. Um Jamie Rascin, same thing. They're
both making claims about Trump that are
just
unbelievably
ridiculously too big of a lie for people
to even accept. But it's the bigness of
the lie that makes them believe it cuz
they think, well, these public figures
wouldn't say it unless it was true,
right? Yes, they would if they're
following Hitler's model, which is what
Carville is doing and Rascin are doing.
They are following Hitler's model and
and telling this big lie about these
speeches. That's exactly the Hiller
technique right there.
Um, so watch out for
that. Um, the the other thing that
Carville brought up is that you've
probably heard the story that Trump once
had dinner with Nick
Fuentes. Now, is that true or is that
fake? Well, it's it's partly true, but
Trump didn't know he was having dinner
with Nick Fuentes. So what happened was
there was going to be a dinner at Mara
Lago with several people. One of those
people was a troublemaker and invited
Nick Fuentes and didn't really fully
disclose who Nick Fuentes is and Trump
was not familiar with him which I
believe I believe he was not familiar
with him and uh so he wouldn't do it
again because once Trump found out you
know reputationally what was going on
there of course he would never do it
again. So that's fake
news. That's a Hitler technique. It's a
giant lie. And they throw in all the
other lies until you've seen so many
lies in the same category that when Elon
Musk puts his hand in the air, they can
tell you that it's a Hitler salute and
it all makes sense because of all the
other Hitler things happening with the
Republicans. It's pure Hitler technique.
So when you see Carville and Rascin
telling these big lies, you know, like
the fine people hoax, the fine people
hoax
was a perfect example of the big lie.
That's a Hitler technique. So they're
using the Hitler
technique while projecting onto Trump
and Musk that they're
Hitler. It's just classic technique. And
they're completely aware of it, by the
way. that it's not some accidental
thing. They're 100% aware of it. They
know they're lying and they know that
the lie works because certain number of
people do believe
them. Anyway,
um let's talk about uh Harvard's racism.
According to Axios,
uh the Harvard president has
apologized for some of the anti-semitism
that's happened on campus. Um and part
of it might have been stimulated by the
fact that they just got a report in that
had been uh authorized a while ago but
just completed. So they had two internal
reports. One was to find out how how
much anti-semitism there was at Harvard
but the other one was to find out how
much Islamophobia there was. So that's
fair. Might as well look at both. And
turns out that there is both
anti-semitism and
islamophobia and there's quite a bit of
it. So,
uh, Harvard finally is sort of admitting
and it might be just because, you know,
it's on both sides. If they had only
found
anti-semitism, would he have apologized?
You know, would they have treated it
differently? Or is it because there's
both anti-semitism and
Islamophobia? Was that the thing that
allowed him to finally say, "All right,
all right. We got to do better than
this." I don't know.
But it seems to me that that's an
unfixable
situation. Um because it's a little like
Gaza. You know, if you if you put the if
you put the people who are anti-Semitic
with the people who are
Islamophobic and you put them in the
same college, it's not going to go well.
So, the only the only way you're going
to fix it is a physical physical
separation. It's not like the college is
going to fix either of those things. you
know, they they might be able to fix
some kind of public behavior, but you're
not really going to fix people's, you
know, internal
opinions. So, uh, Trump's now going
after what he calls the fake polls. Uh,
Steven Miller even went after Fox News
for their own polling. So, of course,
this whole 100 day thing um allows all
the fake news to say, "Oh, the public
doesn't like the first 100 days." Now,
why are they focusing on the 100 days?
Just because it's a big round number.
It's a completely random number. There
is no no reason in the world that we
should be looking at polls of what
people think about the first 100 days.
It doesn't make any sense at all. But
it's something that's easy to write
about and it doesn't cost the news
people much to research it because it's
just, you know, a
poll. So Rasmusen, which is a polling
company, had recently um had done some
posts on X about how the all the major
polls were apparently rigged for Kamla.
Uh and and we know that they're rigged
because first of all, Rasmusen is the
only one that had the accurate number
because they weren't rigging it. And the
only other people who had the accurate
number that Kamla was never ahead was
Kamla's internal polling. And the
internal polling apparently is more
accurate than the public ones. So even
uh one of Kla Harris's main adviserss
had admitted that uh their own internal
polling the good stuff had never matched
the fact that all of these other TV
network polls were saying that Kamla was
ahead. They actually knew those polls
were fake. They knew it the entire time.
And so Steven Miller is just going at in
a in an interview uh with Fox News. He
he even blamed Fox News's polling as
being uh as being anak according to him.
So I guess we're going from fake news to
fake
polls. Uh I saw some
extra accusations about uh Tish
James. um Leticia James, the uh the one
who prosecuted Trump, and she had her
own problems of allegedly um falsifying
some, you know, mortgage records and
something in that domain. But according
to crowdsource the truth and two
researchers, Charles Ortell and Bob
Bishop, there might be something more to
it. So, I didn't really understand the
argument, so we'll have to wait and see.
But there is something about a uh a fake
charity and a uh changing the name. The
there there's a whole complicated thing
that looks like maybe she was up to
something deeper than just trying to get
a good mortgage, but we'll wait for
that. I don't I don't think the details
of this quite make sense to me, but
we'll find out.
So there just just know that there's
some deeper accusations but in in my
view not really proven. So I guess it
involves a fake nonprofit, some kind of
sketchy bank in India, some kind of
leans and $100 million of taxpayer
dollars. So what any of those things
would have to do with her getting a
mortgage on her house? I don't know. But
that's the accusation. So we'll wait on
that. You may have seen some uh clips of
uh Jack Pabic getting roughed up at a
Jaime Rascin event where he Rascin was
uh talking to some union guys and uh
Jack yelled out some some things to uh
to Rascin at the end of Rascin's talk
and the union guys didn't like it
because it was you know was not exactly
pro- Rascin and they actually roughed
him
up. They actually roughed him up and I
guess he's he's going to get law
enforcement involved. I don't know how
bad it was, but just based on the uh
hard to determine video, they got
physical right away.
Now, does that ever happen in the other
direction? If there had been a Trump
event and somebody had yelled out
something, because all he did was yell
out something. Do you think that the
Trump supporters would have started
roughing that person
up? I don't think so. I mean, in 2015 or
16, there were some rallies where, you
know, there were some accusations that
people were going to rough people up,
but for the most part, it's not a thing.
But the Democrats just immediately went
to
violence. And I think this is all part
of the the Hitler stuff. You know the if
you believe that the Trump people are
all just Hitler supporters, then
violence is called for. It would make
sense if that's what you believed. So if
you look at the Carville and Rascin
persuasion, you know, they're you
they're they're using Hitler's
technique. Um that's why Jack Basabic
gets roughed up. I hope it wasn't too
bad. Meanwhile, John Bolton was on CNN.
He was talking about P Hegsath and he
actually said the following statement.
He said Hegath should resign for his own
safety's sake. His own safety's
sake. Safety
from from
whom? Safety in the might be
killed. Safety in the might be beaten up
by what? The Pentagon.
Does John Bolton know something we
don't? Or is he once again doing Hitler
like persuasion and making it look like
it would be perfectly reasonable for P
Hegsth to be the subject of some kind of
revenge or violence or something. This
is so across the line. The this I mean
there's a very big red line of things
you shouldn't say on TV because it would
it would stimulate violence. This is one
of them. He should resign for his own
safety's sake. That's basically giving a
green light to violence in my my opinion
because he's not saying we should do
everything we we can to protect them.
He's saying he should run away from the
the violence
because it's almost he's almost acting
like it would be
justified. This is
terrible. Anyway, as I've told you many
times, complexity is how
uh is how corruption usually hides. You
know, anything that's too complicated,
like a financial thing that's too
complicated, there's always somebody
stealing money when you get to the
bottom of it. Complexity always hides
corruption. I'll give you some examples.
Um, Michael Oelonburgger
uh was talking about and I don't I don't
understand this story that the uh CIA
director Gina Haspel had conspired with
something called the
OCRP, you know, one of these
USAID NOS's. I guess Adam Schiff and
USAD to topple the United States
government in 2019.
Now, I don't really see how it all fits
together because it's complicated. But
the accusation is, and I guess uh
Michael Felenberger was talking to Jesse
Waters about this,
um that
uh I guess I'm not going to get in into
much more of it, but the idea is that
USID and the CIA
um had a complicated scheme to try to
get Trump impeached. and may have tried
to change the election on three
different
occasions.
So, but it's complicated. And so, even
when it's explained to me, I go,
"Uh, what?"
I you know I'm sure that Shelonburgger
explains it well in his Substack which I
which I haven't looked at yet but uh
just know that there's an accusation
that the
CIA and it apparently it seems well
documented tried to overthrow the
country three
times of
course and then uh data
Republican on X
um has uh another
great investigative uh reveal about USA
ID, what what what you'd call the money
machine.
Um and let me just read it to you and
you'll see how complicated it is and
you'll see how the corruption hides
there.
Um so Congress doesn't stop it and it in
this case is the is the money laundering
and um I would guess corruption because
Congress is deeply complicit. Senators
and representatives allocate taxpayer
dollars to
USAD. But that's only the start. The
International Republican Institute, the
IRI, and National Democratic Institute,
the NDI, both recipients of
USAID. So, already I'm lost, right?
There there's too many acronyms. Uh,
USAD funding, including actively serving
members of Congress on their boards.
These same organizations also serve on
ACVFA, the advisory body that workshops
where
USAID money flows. The presidents of
IRI, NDI, and the US Global Leadership
Coalition, known as the
USGLC, all hold seats on the
ACVFA. The Gates Foundation and other
members of
USGLC also sit on
ACVFA.
USGLC meanwhile operates as a revolving
door. Former senators and
representatives from both parties serve
in its leadership and internal emails
show the group actively pursuing newly
elected members of
Congress to bring them into its fold.
This recruitment involves regular
dinners, direct outreach, and strategic
lobbying. Now, how much of that did you
understand? Now, I'm pretty sure it's
all
accurate, but it's so complicated. all
these NOS's and the State Department and
USAD and it involves, you know,
Democrats and Republicans and they've
got advisory roles and the advisory
roles tell who gets funded and the
funding goes to some place that's
probably their spouse or maybe it's
them. Oh my god, just pure corruption.
All
right. So, I told you that Meta AI
thinks I'm a Holocaust denier. So, I was
noticing a few other things online that
get to my reputation. Now, these are
just coincidences, but they all happened
yesterday. So, I saw a post um about how
to be a better
writer and it uh featured Naval as the
one recommending this this 250word piece
and uh there was a thread that went
through, you know, the details that were
in that
piece. Now, do you know where I'm going
with this? That's my
piece. Now, I am I am mentioned, you
know, toward the end of the thread. It
does mention that I'm the author, but
why isn't
Naval featured with his picture as the
person who recommended it? And by the
way, whenever Naval recommends that
piece, he always mentions my name as the
author. So, he never doesn't mention it.
And he's mentioned it a number of times.
But shouldn't I be the one that's
featured? Because I wrote it.
It's one of the most successful things
I've ever done in my entire
career. And it starts with Naval. Now, I
love Nal. So, this is nothing about
Naval. It's about the person who did the
thread. And I'm thinking to myself, am I
being like subtly erased from the story
of the the thing that I personally
wrote? So, yeah, I kind of shook my head
and went on. And then I saw somebody
else's
thread about a book uh that is just
totally amazing. It's called Atomic
Habits by James Clear and it's a long
thread that shows all the you know the
key tips in that book which has sold 5
million copies. It's one of the most
successful business books of all time.
But nowhere does it mention that James
Clear has credited me with some of the
key aspects of his book from my book had
failed almost everything and still went
big
and I'm not positive this is true but I
don't know that there's anything in his
book that isn't also in my book which he
read and he credits me now he doesn't
credit me for every single thing that
that has some similarity
and his book is written for a different
audience. It's more for a business
audience. So has a you know more of a
businessy kind of vibe which worked very
well. He must have done a great job
because it's you know super successful.
Uh my book was written for 14year-old
and up. So I was more narrative
storytelling persuasion to get you to
try things. He's more data oriented, but
the tips are pretty
much right out of my book. Now, uh I
don't want to
overclaim, but I'd love to see what it
is that's in his book that wasn't in my
book. And I don't I don't know what that
would be because when I look at the
thread, I go, "Oh, yeah. Yeah, I said
that. I said that." So, that's weird.
the most successful and important thing
I've ever done for civilization is that
book. And
uh so I'm getting erased from that
story. And then I saw that today the
Wall Street Journal had a story about
um a lot of people are waking up at 4:00
a.m. now. So apparently it's becoming a
thing to get up really early. And I
asked myself before I read the article,
I thought, "Huh, I I wonder if I'll be
mentioned in the article because I'm I'm
one of the public figures who's kind of
well known for getting up at, you know,
today was 3:00 a.m., but, you know,
usually 4 4:30 or so." And I start
reading the article and it says that one
of the influences about getting up at
4:00 a.m. was James Clear, the author of
Atomic Habits.
So, and I'm sure he did, but I'm pretty
sure I might have mentioned it in one of
my books, if you know what I mean. So, I
seem to be getting sort of erased from
history, you know, maybe not
intentionally, but in the in the
weirdest
way.
Anyway, and skip that. So apparently
Anderil, one of the American high-tech
military uh companies that's somewhat
new. It's a Lucky Palmer's company. Um
has an anti- drone swarm technology that
really looks impressive. It It's
portable and it looks like you can just
put it in the back of a truck and it's
not very big. And it showed a video. So,
I think the video was CGI, but uh it
showed it basically taking out a sky
full of drones at the same time. Now, if
that's
real, then the arms race of drones
versus anti- drone stuff is getting
really
interesting. So, and I'm I'm sure it's
real. I don't think that Anderil would
put it out if they couldn't do it.
Speaking of uh fake news,
uh according to Zero Hedge, Ukraine is
ready to sign a a mineral deal as early
as today. Does anybody think that's
going to
happen? How many of you think that
Ukraine is going to sign that big
mineral deal with the US
today?
Anybody? I don't know.
Uh, I'm going to bet against it, but
that's what Zero Hedge is saying. Um,
and then apparently Trump's uh threats
to Mexico worked. There were some issue
about Mexico withholding some water that
uh we had some kind of a long-term deal
and the water was being withheld from
American farmers. But with uh Trump's
tariff threats,
uh
Mexico kind of corrected that and now
that water has returned. So the the
farmers are getting their water. Makes
you wonder if Biden could have gotten
that done. I think Biden would have
waited for them to correct whatever they
were going to correct. There was
something they were trying to do while
they were withholding the water, but uh
Trump got it done.
Um, at a recent uh White House
presser, Fox News is reporting that uh
former Mumford and Sun musician who who
become has become political. He was uh
one of the uh what would you call it?
One of the press independent press
people in the room. And he asked uh
Carolyn Levit this question. He said
uh uh he asked if the White House and
Donald Trump would give political asylum
to UK citizens who were being punished
for their
speech. Isn't that a good
question? That's a great question. And
uh apparently Levit said she hadn't had
any conversations about that, but she
said uh she'd talk to the national
security team and see if it's something
the administration would entertain.
So maybe, and I would be completely in
favor of that, by the way, if if there
are people who are being
uh, you know, risking jail because of
something they said on social media,
yeah, we should we should offer them
some kind of asylum in the
US. According to Newsmax Max, the uh
Department of Education is investigating
a complaint in Chicago that they have
some kind of racist program that was
only going to be available if you were
black, but since nobody seems to be
getting a good education in Chicago,
um there's some complaints that it was
just racist. And
then in related news, according to the
Federalist, um, reading scores have
plummeted in the blue states, like the
one I'm in, but they're rising in the
red ones. Now, when I first read that, I
said to myself, I'll bet that's not
real. maybe has something to do with the
blue states have more immigrants coming
in, so they're not even speaking
English, so maybe it lowers all their
scores or something. But apparently
Mississippi and Louisiana in particular
had
implemented some
effective changes to their schooling and
uh they were focusing more on phonics
and basically they're just doing the
things that have always worked in the
past but we stopped doing and it worked.
So the the reading performance of the
people in Mississippi and Louisiana is
looking great.
So, it turns out these are completely
fixable
problems. And so, good job, Mississippi
and Louisiana. I'm very
impressed. Um, they put money into it.
They trained teachers on literacy and
provided dedicated reading coaches in
school. Basically, they did all the
things that make sense that you're sure
would work just based on common sense.
And they worked just like you'd think
they would.
And lastly, in science, they're tiny 3D
printed materials. According to CME
science, they're as strong as steel but
light as
styrofoam. I guess they use carbon and
they print it so as this little lattice
structure, but they used machine
learning to figure out the exact nature
of the lattice so that it would be as
light as styrofoam but as strong
as strong as
steel. So that could change a lot.
Imagine how much would change if you had
a material that was strong as steel but
as light as light as styrofoam. Who
knows if how much they can make of it,
but they can 3D print it. So, it looks
like it's somewhat practical. All right,
ladies and gentlemen, that's what I have
for today. Um, hope you enjoyed it and
I'll see all you uh YouTubers and Rumble
people and X people tomorrow, same time,
same place. And for locals, I'm going to
talk to you privately in 30 seconds. So,
the rest of you, I'll see you tomorrow,
I hope.