[Music]
oh my goodness what a good day it's
going to
be probably one of the
best yeah we're getting ready for the
show of
shows like you've never seen
[Music]
before good morning everybody and
welcome oh oh hello that's
different let's
see something's looking different
here um let me know if I just stopped
broadcasting on locals because I hit a
button that maybe maybe stopped it but I
think we're good all
right welcome to coffee with Scott Adams
the best time you've ever had in your
whole whole life and if you'd like to
take it up to levels that are even
higher that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a CPP Mar a glass a
tanker chel sign a canteen Jer flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine here the day think makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens right
now go
the
deliciousness is
Extreme well you already know that uh
coffee can help your cardiovascular
disease cleanse your body remove toxins
from your cells it can be an antioxidant
with fighting inflation and protecting
cells from oxidative
stress but did you know that if you add
milk to your coffee it's a little worse
potentially it might not do as well uh
might not do as well as removing toxins
or something so just think about that
black
coffee it'll get you what you
want that's
right
um I've got a
correction do you like it when I correct
myself because I said something wrong
come on you all like it you like it did
you know because I didn't know it that
the way the Panama Canal works is that
it fills up the locks with water from a
lake how many of you knew
that I always just assumed they had big
pumps and they just pumped the ocean
water into the lock and then released it
back into the ocean but apparently to
get the good economics um Panama has a
Lake that's uh higher than the canal is
so they can just use gravity to take the
water from the lake and very quickly
fill up a lock so if you had to pump it
it would be pretty expensive so when I
said the other day that the Panama Canal
was getting less efficient because of
the water level it may be some
combination of the there's
a bit of a drought that may be affecting
the lake and then other people said no
no it's not the amount of water they
have it's the silt building up in the
locks so it could be one of those anyway
the point is the Panama Canal is not as
efficient as it had
been that's
all um Neuroscience news says there's an
anti-inflammatory drug that might boost
motivation if you're
depressed why would changing something
in your body such as the inflammation
change change how you feel about your
world as in depression or lesson of it
and the answer is as I've told you 1
billion times this is 1 billion in one
your body is your
brain if you want your brain to feel
better you can fix your body because
your body is your brain so if you take
uh if you take the pain away you take
the inflammation away you make your body
work better more efficiently you
exercise it you e right your brain is
going to be a lot better it won't fix
every
problem but fix a lot of them so think
of your body as your
brain well believe it or not as much as
I love talking about indoor vertical
Farms there's a new story about one so
new Atlas has a story about a the world
first indoor vertical Farm that's going
to make just a a whole bunch of
strawberries like more than they've ever
made
before uh the Plenty Richmond farm so
here's what's new new and interesting
about this indoor farming is not
economical compared to outdoor
farming but uh this is one example of
which uh we're moving in the right
direction so there's a bunch of
researcher scientist type people who are
working hard to figure out how to tweak
things so you can grow things indoors
more economically than Outdoors because
you're going to save uh water you're
going to save pesticide you might save
on labor if you do it indoors but you
got to carefully balance the light and
the water and the the uh nutrients and
all that and as uh as they get better
and better at it I really think this is
going to be the
future um I feel like the world is going
to be lots of individual citizens who
have a micro farm so I'm imagining a
city of the future which isn't too dense
where every living space optionally has
you know something about half the size
of your house that's a little indoor
garden and let's say that your job is
only to grow one thing so you're just
the lettuce person and uh maybe somebody
else manages it and you you put it off
to your local
supermarkets
but I think you're going to have to grow
the food where the people are that eat
it I just think there's no way around
that cuz that's the only way you're
going to get nutrients and low economics
good
economics so it's coming speaking of
food Bernie Sanders says he agrees with
Elon Musk on this point and he points
out it's unusual that they would be in
the same side of things although it's it
it isn't
unusual because Elon Musk is Big about
the environment Bernie's big on the
environment so they do actually agree on
some pretty big stuff but
um here's what Sanders
says um he said Elon Musk not is not one
of my usual allies recently tweeted the
solving obesity reduces the risk of
diseases like diabetes and improves
quality of life and sander says he's
right we need to make appetite
Inhibitors available to anyone who wants
them oh that was so close to being a
good thing that you did there Bernie
Sanders now I'm not going to disagree or
agree with the idea that you should make
appetite Inhibitors more available to
people because there's evidence that
it's doing good stuff for some people
and maybe not as good as you hope but
you know it's everything's a mixed bag
but yeah I would think that it'd be good
for people have this option however I
would have been way happier if Sanders
had something said something along the
lines of you know RFK Junior's on the
right path we've got to fix our food
supply and if you fix the food supply
and you learn to
exercise um you're not going to need any
OIC may I make my case by pointing to
myself I I'm exactly the way I wanted to
be at as an adult like exactly right on
right to the pound and I don't do a
zumic all I do is watch my diet don't
eat crap and I exercise on a regular
basis
it it really is that simple now I get
that you know there's not free will so
people you know can't as easily do it as
I can I've got a I have money and I've
got a flexible schedule and you know I
don't have kids telling me to drive them
places when I could be exercising so
it's easier for me but I would like to
make the following suggestion which I've
now made several times but eventually
you're going to see it as genius
it goes like this I Want a President Who
encourages people to get off the
couch and I'd love to start a habit an
American habit because you can do that
you you can actually start a national
habit you just need somebody to get the
ball rolling now if RFK Jr gets the
let's say the influence that I want and
Trump gets the influence that I want
let's say he gets elected I would love
for Trump and RFK Jr and anybody who's
smart and influential to join in to say
you should all take a walk in your own
neighborhood if it's safe uh after
dinner now after dinner can be whatever
you want it to be so it you don't have
to do the same after dinner as anybody
else but wouldn't you like that if
you're done with dinner and by the way
the scientists say that taking a walk
right after you eat is the very best
thing you can do it just changes your
whole digestive
situation um so let's say you're done at
700 p.m. and you walk outside and you
see your neighbors who are also going
for a walk because they were done about
the same time but if you had gone at
6:00 p.m. or 8:00 p.m. there would be a
different set of neighbors who would
also finish that that time and they're
going for a walk and then if you're
brave or if there are at least some
friendly people out there they say hey
neighbor join up and next thing you know
every time you leave your house between
6:00 and 8:30 at night there's a group
of neighbors who are going for a walk
and they'd love it if you just jump in
and you could meet them you could feel
safer because you're in a group now so
you're out doors it might be a little
dark depending what it is and uh you
don't have to go the whole way you don't
have to walk as far as they do just do
what you want to
do so it would be really easy to make
that a habit and you'd be able to meet
your neighbors and you would be far less
caring if you're just taking a walk
whether they're voting for one person
and you're voting for somebody else if
you're just doing a thing you an
activity you're all fine and let me say
it again that the the only way you can
bring anybody together whether it's
making a friend personally or bringing
the country together it's over a shared
activity
if you've got a World War the country is
going to come together if aliens you
know from space attack the country or
the world we're going to come together
right so it's a shared activity that
brings people together and nothing else
like the the intellectual stuff not
really the intellectual stuff just makes
you feel like you might be on somebody's
team but the doing things together that
makes a difference so that's my
suggestion get the government to say at
least take a walk after dinner and be
your neighbors and get some
exercise speaking of positive thoughts
uh I saw huberman um huberman video If
you're not watching all the hubman
videos you should be and he had a guest
on talking about uh how you can just
force yourself to think more positive
thoughts and it have a whole bunch of
health and mental health and other
benefits
and I'm going to amplify that but I'm
going to give you a different model for
it which
is humans don't have the option of not
thinking if we're awake well even if
you're asleep your brain is still active
so you don't have an option to thinking
nothing and if your problem is that
there are too many negative thoughts
that is something you can control so you
can't control whether you have thoughts
but you can definitely control 100% you
can control
the percentage of them that are negative
now I call that shelf space because
that's the idea that is limited there's
there's not unlimited shelf space it's
just the shelf so if your Shelf has 50%
negative and 50% positive well you have
room for improvement you can just force
yourself to think of some more positives
and that automatically reduces the
number of negatives because you only
have so much shelf space if you just jam
it with good thoughts which is what I do
by the way uh you can just squeeze them
out it's one of the most important
mental um hacks you could come up with
if I could give you only one thing to do
differently in your whole life just one
thing it would be this to make sure you
squeeze out the opportunity for negative
thoughts by just forcing in the positive
ones until your shelf space is all taken
that'll fix just about
everything it'll give you energy
optimism people want to be around you uh
you'll take on bigger challenges which
is good for you basically it fixes
everything and that's not too far from
what your best
self-help gurus would tell you you got
to get that mental conversation right
that's the the Tony Robbins you know big
probably the most basic thing he says
that's the most important you got to get
the conversation that's always happening
you can't stop it but you can change it
change it to
positive Sam mman who uh as you know is
the uh big AI
uh boss I guess you'd say so he's the
chat GPT
head and he was asked according to a
post I saw by zarra on X um he was asked
if he done any life had any psychedelic
experiences and he did he said that
earlier in his life so not nothing
recently but uh or at least the
life-changing part wasn't recently he
did psychedelics and he said it changed
him from being an anxious unhappy person
into a very calm person who can work on
hard and important
things I'm going to add to that and say
this you can tell he's done psychedelics
by looking at his eyes
now I know you don't believe that if
you've never been around people who have
done
psychedelics you can tell you you look
at him talking for a minute and a half
and you know that he's experienced a
different reality than you have came
back and Incorporated it into his
worldview you could just tell by looking
at him and and by listening to him and
um the it's important for you to know
how
transformational some of these
experiences are but I'd like to tie this
to a comment I saw from Mar
dreon um big Silicon Valley investor
famous investor and he said uh I'm
paraphrasing but something like the
dirty secret of Silicon Valley is that
high agency people I think that's the
phrase he used uh can use illegal drugs
to Great advantage now again that's just
a
paraphrase to which I say oh my God
which I did say I've wanted to say that
in public my whole life but you can't
because it's
irresponsible if you say to somebody you
know the most successful people I know
did illegal drugs but they were really
smart about it so they didn't do the
wrong illegal drugs they did the ones
that helped them now if you do ones that
help you can they also kill you oh yeah
oh yeah yeah it'll kill you but if
you're one of these high agency High
willpower uh High Intelligence you know
you've really got it going on there are
rare cases and I'm going to say is rare
where people just use the drugs to great
success so for example and again I'm not
recommending any of this just so clear
this is very not
recommended but it's a truth it's just
one of
those hard to process truths that there
are some people who are on you know
Aderall or uppers or speed who figure
out oh my God I'm already in the top 1%
of smart hardworking people if I put
myself in the
0.001% I can make a billion dooll
unicorn company and change the world and
then they do now if they get a lifelong
habit that you know ends up bad that was
a bad decision if they end up making
something that changes the world and
makes billions of dollars and then they
get off it because they were high agency
High willpower they were just doing it
because it
worked well that's a huge win but I
don't recommend it because the odds of
you being in the top
1% and be one of the few people who
could handle literally addiction and
then Shake It Off you're not one of
those let me say that again you're not
one of
those I might be wrong for 1% of you but
you don't know if you're in the 1% you
really don't know but it is true and
then I look at Sam mman with his
psychedelic experience I have
heard maybe more of these stories than
any other type that somebody changed
their life life because of the
Psychedelic experience that was also my
experience early in my 20s and it was
completely life-altering so if you don't
understand how one experience that lasts
a few hours can change
everything it's because you haven't
experienced it but when people say that
they're not joking they are completely
different
forever now could you also do it and
have a terrible experience yeah it was
just a story yesterday about people
doing iasa and just like puking their
guts out and quitting their jobs and
having all the opposite effects so yes
it's high risk so if there's one thing
you hear from this I want you to hear
the highrisk part the part I don't want
you to act on is guessing that you're in
the top 1% and you're the only person
who you know one of the few people you
know who can ever do an illegal drug get
a benefit from it and then get back from
it right don't do it
I'm just saying that some people do
it all right uh chat GPT is coming out
speaking of AI with their new advanced
voice
mode and that's good because the current
model I don't know if this only happens
to me or you when I talk to it it's it
tends to act like a teenager who is
pretending to have a bad cell phone
connection I don't know if you've tried
to use the current chat GPD voice mode
but I'll ask is something like this chat
GPT I have a a mole that appeared on my
arm um let me describe it I'll give you
a picture of it and can you tell me if
this is dangerous and then chat GPT will
say in perfect
English there are two possibilities
number one there's nothing to worry
about whatsoever and I'll think wow and
they'll say but number two possibility
is that
amputation and I said wait wait what
what what did you just say and then it
will say in perfect English it could be
nothing to worry about whatsoever and
I'm like okay okay what was that other
thing you said with amputation
[Music]
and bile like bile I don't even know
what that means what is the bile good is
the bile bad what's it mean Chad gbt and
then it'll
say I'm having trouble connecting now so
that's been my experience with chat GPT
if you really really want to know the
answer it's going to be a teenager or
say oh sorry
Mom can't hear you I should come home no
I can't hear
you anyway so I have big hopes for the
advanced voice
mode I have a
hypothesis that all of those problems I
just described are some of it's just
Wi-Fi you know if you're in the car or
something or losing connection over your
5G but some of it I think might be that
they don't have enough uh computing
power because the amount of computing
power you need is just almost
unfathomable and I can't imagine that
they got right where they wanted already
so I suspect that some of it is just
more Computing is more goodness so all
the by the way all this is going to fix
itself none of this is
permanent so I have a big hopes for this
advanced voice mode I'll let you know
after I try it
out meanwhile uh Google allegedly paid
$2.7 billion dollar to hire a good AI
guy let me say that again Google who
wants to make sure it can stay competive
in this AI stuff and some would say it's
you know maybe not the in the top
tier so to fix that they paid $2.7
billion to hire back a guy who used to
work with them and was one of the
pioneers of inventing the llm AI concept
and he left because Google was a little
too conservative or slow or didn't
didn't want to pursue it as much as he
did so he created another company which
uh was not didn't necessarily look like
his other company called character was
going to ever make money but uh he
cleverly sold the company with an
agreement that he would you know go work
for Google so he
basically sold a company for $2.7
billion do his his part of it was
several hundred
million uh just to do a
job so let me give you this advice
if you ever find yourself in a position
where somebody is willing to pay $2.7
billion just to hire you as an employee
know he didn't get the 2.7 billion but
he got his share of the
company um you should take that yeah I
don't give a lot of career advice but if
somebody offers you $2.7 billion do just
to go to work most of the time I'd say
yes I'd say yes on that that's my
advice well meanwhile the Info Wars saga
continues the judge has ordered uh that
Alex Jones can auction off he has to
actually because infow Wars is being
closed down by the courts to pay the
legal damages for the Sandy Hook
families and uh his entire life work
will be sold off to the highest bidder
and liquidated I saw some people joking
and
saying um you know Elon mus should buy
it I don't think that's going to happen
because I don't know the assets are
exactly but even after he sells off all
his assets correct me if I'm wrong but
doesn't this lawsuit judgment that he's
under mean that every penny he makes for
the rest of his life some of it has to
go to the
lawsuit so haven't they crippled him
economically
forever like he can never come back
because if he makes money he just has to
give it
away sort of the OJ Simpson you know
doomed for life you can never really
make money in this world
again well so when you start looking at
the number of people who were leaning in
the same direction and got cancelled
from Tucker to Alex Jones to Roseanne to
me and you know you can add a bunch of
names to
that would you say it's fair to say that
the media and the Department of Justice
and the Democrats collectively are
crooked
and when you look at the law fair
against Trump and then you look at all
the law fair and you know related things
against other characters doesn't it seem
like the media the Department of Justice
and Democrats are fundamentally
corrupt it does to me I remember
thinking that the justice department was
mostly you know mostly on the up and up
but you know it was probably bad if you
were like a black American especially
earlier in earlier uh years and and I
thought well that's you know something
we need to fix uh you don't want any
discrimination in department of justice
but I wasn't completely aware that the
entire
Enterprise is
corrupt and it appears it is so I would
say the media the Department of Justice
and the Democrats are one big ball of
corruption kind of collectively working
with each
other uh here's a funny thing MSN BC at
a little town hall in which they asked a
few people there there were men about
January 6 now I think MSNBC was hoping
that they would say January 6 a stain on
the American Republic is totally going
to make me turn against Trump and I
would never ever vote for an
insurrectionist like that January 6
thing that's probably what they hoped
for here's what they
got uh you talking about the February 6
thing uh no it's January 6 he goes oh I
don't really feel any way about
it so they asked two young men who
apparently were interested enough in
politics that they'd probably vote and
neither of them had any feelings about
January 6 it was like it didn't
happen now MSNBC has been trying to
brainwash the public like every day for
years that that was the worst thing
that's happened in the Republic you know
it's worse than Pearl Harbor it's worse
than 911 it's he's Trump is going to
steal your
democracy and and the young men remember
I keep telling you that young men are
are the solution in many ways young men
are you know a problem group because we
have a lot of crime and whatnot but
young men are going to fix us because
men know what a Insurrection
looks like let let me let me be clear
anybody who's a man with a little bit of
testosterone we know what a real
Insurrection looks like and nobody was
fooled by that
one so maybe if you're a woman and here
I'm making a huge you know
generalization that doesn't apply to the
people watching the
show but if you're a woman maybe you
don't recogniz it I don't know I'm not a
woman so I can't I can't speculate how
women think but it seems to me that the
the beta males and women on MSNBC just
assumed that the rest of the people
would see things the way they saw it and
that January 6 was this big scary thing
where we almost lost the
country and the men who had some
testosterone in them are sitting there
and
saying you mean the February thing no
the January thing the January 6 you've
heard of it right yeah I didn't have
much feelings about it
[Laughter]
I didn't have much feelings about it is
the exact right
take that is the exact right take there
was nothing about that let me put it a
different way if history had a way to
delete and you could just delete January
6 and just take it out of History how
would the country be worse
off it wouldn't be yeah uh paying no
attention to January 6 was probably the
right play knowing about it didn't help
you a
bit nothing what are you going to do
differently you know maybe you learned
you should have better security if
there's a big crowd of angry people
coming toward you but really did you
have to learn that was that something
you just figured out in January 6 that
if you don't have enough security and
you know for sure a gigantic group of
angry people are coming your way no we
didn't learn anything from it there's
nothing useful about knowing the details
of January 6 I mean unless it helps you
know how corrupt the system is I
suppose but yeah you can just delete
that from your memory banks wouldn't
make a difference
none um Dan banino is uh tantalizing
because he talks about he acts like he
knows maybe a little bit or even a lot
more about one of the assassination
attempts um the second one and he he
says uh has the possibility to be the
scandal of our lifetime
which would suggest more people were
involved in this than just the shooter
the suggestion is that maybe there's an
Insider connection to it uh and that
worse maybe it's internally politically
motivated and it wasn't just a crazy guy
now I don't personally know what that
evidence would be but he does say quote
this story is going to get worse it's
ugly and uh he is very animated
about where that's going now I consider
banino one of the credible people who
doesn't just take a BS story and run
with it because he can get
clicks um you know obviously he's a high
energy presenter he's one of my favorite
people I always use him as an example of
talent Stacks Bonino is like the
ultimate Talent stack guy like he has
just the right experiences and then
things he's developed like his his uh
you know on camera Persona and
everything and even his physicality you
know he he he's just got a whole bunch
of everything from networking to
understanding politics to understanding
the the security
situation presentation language you know
grammar I mean he's got a talent stack
so does Hannity and number of other
people but uh he always stands out to me
is as a person who just
said what do successful people do and
then he just did that really
hard I hate to reduce people to
something so simple but doesn't banino
look like somebody who just woke up you
know at some point in his life and said
all right what do people who succeed do
okay okay all right you're doing all
right what if I just do all that and
then he does all that and then he's
really
successful maybe maybe it's that just
figure out what everybody does and do it
that I would describe my own path to if
you can call this success um that I just
studied all the successful people from
from my earliest age you know from 11
years old if I saw a story about a
successful person I was going to read it
and I would find out what did you do
like why was it luck is it something you
did or the way you operated like I was
always a real student of that and
sometimes you can that in other
people anyway Mike
Flynn um all right so so far we have the
media doj and the Democrats are
crooked um and we've got some suggestion
that the Secret Service is
crooked and uh let's see Mike Flynn is
talking about the fact that the um the
House of Representatives is working on
this uh plan and bipartisan plan
to make sure that the um government is
staffed if there's a major casualty
event in which the representatives who
are elected are all killed or
disabled and uh I I think the idea is
that maybe the governor of their state
would appoint somebody in the short term
something like that but as Mike Flynn
General Flynn points out and uh I would
point out the same thing why did this
suddenly become very important so
important that there's a bipartisan push
you don't get bipartisan unless
something's happening right now you know
what I mean here here's what doesn't
happen there's some general problem that
just sort of always been the problem
throughout history and there's nothing
immediately pressing about it but then
Congress gets together and does a
bipartisan
bill has that ever happened
the the suggestion here is that the
people working on this bipartisan Bill
to deal with what happens when they all
get
killed is because there's a specific
threat and the question that I ask is
are they going to do a state of the
union this
year do do you think you're going to put
all of our uh Congress crors in one room
or even you know even just the senate or
just the
house I feel like they must think
there's some credible threat of
something like a missile blowing up a
building you know if they were worried
about drone attacks you know the best
drone attack would get a few
people um but there they seem to be
worried about something that would take
out a whole building full of Congress
people right because it's not like
they're all going to be all over the
country and then die at the same
time unless it's a pandemic I suppose
maybe it's a pandemic but it does sound
like they know something we don't know
and uh I'd sure like to know what that
is or maybe I
wouldn't well in your weird news that
you did not expect I'll put this at the
top of the list former CDC director
Robert Redfield you remembered him from
the um
pandemic and you probably said to
yourself oh former CDC director he got a
bunch of things wrong he's a bad actor
he's a bad character why do he do so
many bad things I didn't like during the
pandemic and you might know that RFK Jr
um really was a Critic of his and was
kind of savage even in his book he was a
Critic of him and
then this
happened uh according to RFK Jr he says
Robert Redford field Robert Redfield who
I really go after in my fouchy book
wrote an editorial in Newsweek magazine
today saying that he was endorsing
president
Trump because he was because Trump was
going to restore American Health and
that quote a lot of people might be
surprised to hear me say this but he has
chosen exactly the right person who can
do this Robert F Kennedy
Jr and he says this was breathtaking to
me this is the guy who was head of the
CDC who had been criticizing for years
and then separately they had lunch so
Redfield and RFK Jr his biggest
critic and and according to RFK Jr when
he met him you know in person the first
thing the Redfield said to RFK Jr was
you were right about
everything
[Laughter]
wow wow
you were right about
everything and then RFK Jr talks about
how I guess Redfield
agrees vigorously agrees that our uh our
agencies are all captured in other words
they're not operating on your behalf
they're operating on behalf of companies
that have some kind of control over the
directors
so this is just mind-blowing like you
have to know the players to be impressed
by this but most of you do I think
you're in the you know top 5% of people
watch the news if you're watching this
this is
mind-blowing you know it's hard to even
imagine that
somebody this is beyond my imagination
he he's just completely endorsed uh
patriotism to me to me this is
Redfield just becoming a pure Patriot
from whatever he
was I mean I think he probably tried to
do the best job he
could but it looks like he's admitting
the forces were stronger than he was and
uh This is Wild it's just crazy it's not
as crazy as a video I think this is not
new but I just was watching it again uh
Patrick burn you might know him he was
the xcoo of overstock.com and according
to him he was part of an operation to
bribe Hillary Clinton on behalf of the
FBI in
2016 and he successfully had a foreign
company country foreign country bribe
her with I don't know1 18 or20 million
and separately some Turkish entity
bribed her with a similar amount and the
FBI got this all on tape and you know
they got all the evidence and they were
ready they had everything they needed to
put Hillary Clinton in jail in
2016 and then p burn says they told him
to drop the whole thing and forget it
ever happened because they expected her
to win the election in 2016 and then all
the FBI people would be in trouble
because she would have too much power by
then and she could just fire them all
now that's the story they told them
Patrick uh believes the closer real
story is that uh the FBI people were in
the pocket of Obama meaning they were
Obama
within the FBI and that the real play
was not to find any crimes done by a
politician but rather to get
blackmail so that Obama could control
Hillary
Clinton does that sound
real now keep in mind he's not saying I
heard this happen he was in the op he
was like the central person who arranged
the bribe he didn't give the bribe offer
it but he arranged the person to bribe
her to be in the same room and off the
schedule I
guess now do you think do you think that
Patrick burnt would make up that
story does that sound like the kind of
story that somebody would just make
up it doesn't to me yeah you know I'm I
feel like I'm pretty good at spotting BS
this doesn't look like BS now if you
take it
further to what he speculates you know
people are thinking you know maybe then
make get a little uh little more
interesting but he he literally knows
for sure because he was part of the op
that Hillary Clinton took a gigantic
bribe and the FBI was completely aware
of it that part I completely
believe so that would suggest that if
you're keeping score let's see uh the
media the doj and the Democrats would be
all crooked the Secret Service would be
crooked if bino's story is what we think
it is every single entity in the
government should be regulating things
according to Robert Redfield and RFK Jr
are actually working against our
interests not for us and uh the FBI is
completely compromised and owned by
Obama's team if that's
true so how do you feel so far
and of course Mike Ben tells us about
the Deep State and the blob and how are
the CIA may be more partners with the
cartels than
enemies so if you're keeping score that
would be a corrupt uh media Department
of Justice Democrats FBI Secret Service
CIA but I mean that's that's not bad
there's still a lot more a lot more
parts of the country so don't start
feeling like everything's
corrupt uh Michael shenberger has a
article in which he says that Gates
Soros Biden Harris walls Clinton Obama
the Legacy Media the FBI DHS and EU and
Brazil and the five eyes nations are
desperate to censor the internet they're
not hiding it look at them they're
trying to normalize it so Michael
shellenberger talks about how all these
various entities are coordinating to end
your free speech and censor you in ways
that they can get away with without
constitutional
problems so if you're keep keeping
track that would be a
corrupt media Department of Justice
Democrats Secret Service FBI CIA uh CDC
every regulating government uh Gates
Soros Biden Harris walls Clinton Obama
the Legacy Media uh Department of
Homeland Security the European Union
Brazil and five eyes but everything else
is working
perfectly that's the important part I
don't want you to lose hope because
they're the only ones that are corrupt
everything else is kind of going along
fine by the way a lot of people won't
see this um presentation because no
matter what my content is YouTube caps
it at 31,000
views okay so I mean you could add that
one the list
sure sure maybe you've got a little
corruption in
the Department of Justice the Democrats
the CIA the FBI the Secret Service every
every regulating
entity yeah I think you know where this
is going but thank
goodness even if Google and others are
trying to censor me thank goodness I
have free speech on X no I don't
I don't know what's going on with X um
I'm willing to believe it's just the
algorithm is feeding me people who agree
with me but the effect is that I can
yell all day long things that Democrats
don't like they'll never hear them so if
the only speech I have because the the
the algorithm kind of connects me with
people who already agree with me if the
only speech I Have Is to say things that
people agree with that's exactly not
free
speech
right that's the opposite of free speech
free speech is only it's only useful to
say things that people don't want to
hear and disagree with agreeing isn't
anything you know nobody cares about
that so while I do trust Elon Musk to be
you know Pro free speech and and that
he's making the uh platform as close to
that as they can get I feel like even
maybe just
accidentally the algorithm has removed
any useful part of free speech because
the useful part is the disagreeing part
that's the useful part I don't have that
so I don't know why but I don't have
it but I would ask you this following
question because you are smart enough to
deal with a tough philosophical question
I'm not aware of any country that has
ever survived free speech
let me say that again because you're
going to think you misheard it there's
no typo in that I'm not aware of any
country that has ever survived as a
country that also had free
speech now you should be sitting at home
and saying what what the hell are you
talking about you got all of Europe
you've got every Democratic country
you've got the United States you know
maybe you got some problems now but
clearly we've survived a few hundred
years it to me it seems obvious Scott
that the Democratic countries have free
speech and that they absolutely have
survived and thrived and thrived they've
done better than other
countries except nothing like that
really happened in the real
world in the real world at least in my
lifetime our media has always been
controlled meaning that you only saw
things that the CIA and the government
wanted you to see it's just that you
didn't know it you thought you were
seeing the news when you weren't
the thing that's different now is that
we know
it it it's not that Free Speech didn't
go away it was never
here we did not lose Free Speech we
never had it and we found out we never
had it that's what happened right now
there are a million ways that the CIA
and whoever in the Deep State wants to
block your free speech do you think it
will ever be known why I got cancelled
for example just pick one do you think
the real story of that will ever be
known I mean even I don't know do do you
think it makes sense that I got
cancelled worldwide and not a single
person called to ask me what was that
all about or would you like to try an
apology maybe we can save you not one
person thousands of people were invol
were involved directly or indirectly
with my cancellation and not one person
said would you like to revise that or
were you taking in a context you know
maybe you weren't taking in a context
but maybe you'd like to apologize from
it and then we can keep working together
no no so do I have any idea why I was
cancelled well I have
speculation but given that it started
into Washington Post which is the
furthest thing from a free speech entity
which everybody assumes is just part of
the government's organ of control they
started it you think that's a
coincidence nope
nope all
right um so just be aware that Free
Speech probably has always been an
illusion there's definitely more of it
you can have you know there there's
definitely a way to get more of it and
we should be trying to do that but you
have to understand that no country could
survive Free Speech it would be too
chaotic there there has to be something
like a common narrative to keep a
country together and I hate it I hate
that that's true but I've never seen the
alternative all
right um there is a strong hints that
there was a third possible assassination
attempt so axios is reporting that uh
Trump said um they he had been briefed
on efforts by Iran to assassinate him
and that he believes tran tran will
quote try again
now that's a little bit
cryptic because try
again could mean that there's some third
or other attempt outside the two known
assassination attempts but it
also could and this is pure speculation
suggests that the first or maybe even
the second one had some Iranian
involvement so we don't know for sure if
this is really a third attempt or if
it's more information
about one of the first two um but here's
what Trump says about that he said big
threats this in a post big threats on My
Life by Iran the entire US military is
watching and waiting moves were already
made by Iran that didn't work out but
they will try again not a good situation
for anyone I'm surrounded by more men
guns and weapons than I have ever seen
before and they thanked Congress for you
know making all that available funding
wise I feel like he's sending a message
when he's talking about how the the
Weaponry to protect him I I think he's
just trying to scare the next wouldbe
assassin into thinking there's no way
it's going to work because one of the
problems is that the first two
attempts would suggest to the you know
some third future hypothetical attacker
that getting a shot at him wouldn't be
that
hard so it's very important for Trump to
persuade and say um things have changed
and while it might have been a little
too easy to get a shot at me you're dead
if you try it now now is he right well I
hope so I hope that he's his defenses
are beefed up enough that anybody would
be uh be
dead so we hope
so
um then uh also from axios they talked
about Iran's multi-pronged approach
meaning that Iran is trying to hurt the
United States with as many different you
know ways to Pocus as they can in
different
domains um and there was a summer Cyber
attack apparently and there was
uh anyway um I don't know how they're
going
to Iran's going to beat us at this game
but they're
trying um Trump had some interesting
things to say he was talking about uh
how if we uh if we use our energy assets
properly in other words we exploit our
own energy resources and we make energy
you know just our sort of our biggest
thing in America that uh it will be a
renaissance it will be a golden period
he said I wish he'd said golden age but
golden period is close
enough um you know I've said that maybe
his first term will seem like a golden
age to us
you know in retrospect but I do feel
like maybe the
pandemic could have postponed the Golden
Age now as you know I don't believe we
can have a golden age or even survive
unless we figure out what to do about
national debt but the way the way Trump
talks about it um he makes it very clear
that he understands not just recently
but for a while now he makes it really
clear that he understands
I'm seeing in the comments people
suggesting that if Iran is trying to
call kill Trump that Iran has some kind
of Obama
connection do you buy
that I know that people think Obama was
too friendly to aan but do you think he
could possibly be involved in an
assassination
attempt I think that would be too
dangerous so my guess is
no even if he wanted to I can't imagine
that seems like too big a risk um anyway
so John's talking about the Golden Age
and here's my take on
that energy has always been the number
one thing that drove an
economy so at least in our Modern Age
whoever had the most energy did the best
now it doesn't mean they did the best in
terms of you know colonizing or
Conquering the world because not
everybody was doing that but Saudi
Arabia lot of energy doing great uh
other countries in the Middle East they
had a lot of energy doing great uh
Russia is only surviving because their
energy stuff China's biggest need energy
so they're building tons of plants now
that was
before Bitcoin and
before um
AI if you add AI to what the
civilization is going to need we are
talking about 10 times more energy
needed 10
times we're not even close so there's
going to be an energy boom of all energy
booms so not only if you had enough
energy could you make more Bitcoins you
if you had your own nuclear power plant
you could you know maybe pump out some
Bitcoins you need a data center
too but uh given the uh massive massive
amount of energy that were we're going
to need in the pretty near future I'm
going to take the following stand that
uh energy equals success energy equals
dollars energy equals
defense energy equals
survival energy is the whole play one of
the things I you know I continuously
appreciate about uh Trump is he can take
a complicated situation and boil it down
to something that the public can
understand and then approve of him
acting on so that's what the wall was
when he would say the wall his critics
would say you simpleton that's such a
small part of the bigger question and it
was but if he could get you excited
about the wall he was at least getting
you in the right domain of of worrying
about the things that are most important
so
directionally that's what Trump does
best he's directionally correct pretty
much all the time and I would say he is
he is more than directionally correct on
energy that if we said to ourselves all
right America energy equals money if we
get our energy cost down all of your
products will be less expensive if we
get our Energy prices down we'll have
the greatest robotic Revolution ever if
we get our energy you know plentiful and
also down biggest Ai and we'll rule the
world with AI before other people can
get there it's down to one variable
people it's one variable two if you
count the Border there are two things we
have to get right make sure that we
don't have too much uh uncontrolled
immigration because there's some level
that destroys the country no doubt about
it and we're getting close to it and you
have to say that energy is your economy
everything else has to happen too but
energy equals
economy wall equals
immigration energy is economy energy if
you have enough you have a you have a
chance of paying down your national debt
Trump says that directly he says we have
trillions of dollars in the ground you
know enough to pay off the national debt
now you don't pay off the debt because
the government doesn't own the oil but
economic activity can boost your GDP and
it can get you to the point where the
government has enough income to pay the
debt
now I do not believe that Trump will
succeed in most of his plans about
lowering taxes because it would have too
much impact on the deficit I do think I
love his idea of having an ambassador to
bring back uh manufacturing to the
United States now that's not unlike what
Biden was trying to do Biden has had
success in you know repatriating
manufacturing we could do a lot more so
I'm not going to I'm not going to give
Biden's Administration a hard time on
that I think they were directionally
right I think that Trump might go harder
and he said you know he'd get an
ambassador if you get the right person
it makes a big difference and secondly
he wanted to have it sounded like maybe
some lower taxes for manufacturing that
would come back to the us because we
would have to deal with the fact that
our labor is more
expensive so maybe he can cut
regulations which would lower prices if
you do it right maybe he can lower the
cost of energy which would make it
cheaper to manufacture here
maybe the fact that uh moving things
internationally is getting harder
because of the hoties and everything
else that if you get rid of the
transportation costs the costs come down
again uh you make a lot of jobs with all
this
stuff so he's talking about lower
corporate taxes um for I think
specifically for people who bring
manufacturing back now what does Trump
understand that I always say Democrats
never get
right human
motivation I would say Republicans
consistently get right the human
motivation part maybe not every time but
far more consistently so if you say uh
everybody come back and manufactur in
the US they say why and Trump says how
about I lower your taxes and make energy
less expensive and you know give you
some government land to build your
factory and I'll get rid of some
regulations then suddenly you go oh I
those are good incentives I actually
would look into that pretty seriously so
yes I think Trump uh is maybe won't get
all of his tax reductions that he
wants um but man what a what a crowd
pleaser the no tax on tips is and what a
crowd pleaser no tax on overtime
is uh I like both of those things
because if you've somebody who's so
valuable that their company wants them
to work twice as
much I I think that deserves a reward
more than just
overtime you know if we could get our
top I don't know 10% of employees and
and entrepreneurs to to do even more
that's going to be better than making
the other 99% you know a little bit
better if you if you can make the real
go-getters really go get a little more
that's way bigger lever than helping
everybody to be 5%
better in in the long run everybody gets
more that
way all right uh also uh Sam Alman said
that we might get AI super intelligent
in a few thousand
days and that uh it could lead to
massive
Prosperity now massive disruption but I
don't disagree with massive Prosperity
do you know what you would need to pay
off the national debt you would need
massive
Prosperity which would require massive
energy for the AI so Trump is the one I
would trust to give us massive energy
the other thing you'd have to do is find
out how to cut expenses in the
government there's only one candidate
who's offering a reasonable plan to do
that it's called Trump and Elon Musk as
the person to help red designed
government to make it cheaper that's a
real plan right if you gave me almost
any other name and said oh this other
person will help reinvent government and
make it cheaper do you know what I would
have said about that and no they won't
maybe at the margins but you know
nothing nothing we'll look back at in 20
years and be impressed by
it but you tell me that Elon Musk has
volunteered and he's enthusiastic about
Reinventing the government to lower
expenses without losing function and I
say okay it's go time that's go time
because I can't think of any harder
worse less thankful job than that and
when you have your most capable
entrepreneur richest man in the world
who just stood stood up and said
basically he's going to risk his life to
get it done because that's the only way
he plays the only way he plays is for
Keeps you need that so let let me put it
all together economy is energy
energy is Trump if you tell me that
Harris is the energy person well you're
not paying attention no energy is Trump
energy is
economy energy is the
ai ai is the
productivity and the only other thing
you got to get right is cutting the
government expenses and there's only one
person with a real plan to do that and
it's
Trump it's not close
people so what happened when you have
one who is just obviously the right one
on all the big stuff and one who's
obviously wrong well you get 400
economists who back
Harris what do you know about economists
let's see they went to a good
school what what do you know about
people who went to college they've been
brainwashed yeah so unfortunately you
know I was joking that no Economist had
backed um Harris on her
uh price
gaps and maybe that's still true but she
still somehow got 400 in the bag
Economist to ignore their entire
professional fiduciary responsibility to
back her because she's a Democrat
too so that happened yeah it's funny if
you were a casual viewer of news and you
saw that 400 Economist backed Harris you
would think that was real wouldn't
you well here's what I think now that we
know we have corruption in let's see the
Department of Justice the Democrats the
media the Secret Service the FBI the CIA
every one of our um regulatory
bodies well I think you go you see where
I'm going with
this anyway according to the hill there
are 22 States uh the Democrat states of
course that want to employ a million
people in climate apprenticeships by
2035 is that because these Democrats
have realized that we need to train the
young people in the vital sciences that
are important to the future of the
world no this is a brainwashing
operation if you can get a million young
people to believe in climate change and
it's the most important thing you've
created a million
brainwashed Democrat voters who will try
to convince other people that dumb old
Trump is going to destroy the world
unless lots of democrat vendors get
money for things that won't work
out so that looks corrupt to me just an
assumption I don't have proof but it
looks like it's just a brainwashing
operation um I saw that asian-americans
saw in the news are uh very strongly in
favor of
Harris now you might say to yourself s
wait a minute are asian-americans the
one who couldn't get into college
because of democrat policies about Dei
yes wait a minute are
asian-americans still hired in
corporations as much as they used to or
is Dei working against them well I don't
know actually I don't know about
corporations I don't know if if you're
Asian-American if is that a plus or a
minus for getting a corporate job does
it count does that count as diversity if
you're
Asian-American I feel like as soon as
you're successful you get removed from
the list of whether a counts and
asian-americans are super successful in
the United States so here's what I think
I think that the reason asian-americans
for Harris has to do with the fact that
they're a highly educated part of the
public and I'm going to throw out a
stereotype and you're allowed to
criticize me but just remember no
stereotype applies to all people in any
group can we agree there's no stereotype
that applies to all the people in the
group yet there are some things that are
true right white people like to eat
cheese it's just true we like cheese
it's not good or bad we just like
cheese um I would say that part of what
makes asian-americans so successful is
not only that they have higher education
levels but that they're also also better
is staying out of
trouble just staying out of trouble and
the trouble in one in one sense is legal
trouble and asian-americans are do a
great job of staying out of jail but
they also stay out of I think fights
that aren't going to benefit them like
there there's just more so here here's
my stereotype and again it doesn't apply
to all the people in The Stereotype but
asian-americans just seem to run their
lives
smartly can we all accept that if if you
you show me just randomly just throw a
throw a dart well not a dart you don't
want to hurt anybody but just randomly
pick an Asian-American you know and say
all right what's your plan for success
and what are you doing well I'm not
doing any drugs I'm staying in a jail
and I've got a plan to be a optometrist
and my grades are good and I look at
that and go oh well that's pretty
sensible and it's not dangerous it's not
dangerous you're staying in a danger and
you're pursuing
success if you show me a bunch of people
who want to stay out of trouble I'll
show you a bunch of people who are not
going to admit that they vote for Trump
am I right staying out of trouble
includes not saying something so
provocative that your career or your
family life were impacted for no
benefit right because remember what I'm
saying about the Asian-American
Community again a stereotype doesn't
apply does not apply to all people who
are in it is that as a group they seem
insanely
well um
strategized and it's sort of a bad
strategy to be a trump supporter if you
know somebody will not hire you because
of it if you know somebody won't date
you because of it if you know it's going
to be a fight at work why do it so does
it surprise you that a highly educated
and I I'm going to when I say risk
averse um some in some context that
sounds bad because you know like an
entrepreneur wants to take some risk but
in your everyday life you should be risk
averse yeah you should not be thinking I
think I could get away with that crime
no no in your everyday life you should
be risk averse except for embarrassment
you know but but the the Trump stuff
would be more than embarrassment it' be
you don't get the job you literally
don't get hired I mean that's that's a
big
price for just having an
opinion so it makes sense to me that
asian-americans are uh with the
mainstream opinion at least when they're
ped and that they would have been
influenced in college like most people
are to be more left
leaning um
um but according to the account on X
called George because somebody named
George runs this account now he is black
which if it matters to you in the
context of the story but uh he's a great
follow so if you I've said that before
so just look for George that's just the
name of the account um and for somehow
he has just great Scoops and he gets
them early and they all seem to be true
so a good good follow on
X um but he says uh he points to a video
in which uh Sage Steel who you should
know is also black and but she's more
she's more of a prump person uh I think
she's prump I think that's true right
Sage Steel has she endorsed him or is
she just not endorsing Harris I can't
remember sometimes just being not
endorsing anybody feels the same is
endorsing Trump so I don't know how far
she's gone so I don't want to
characterize her opinion there because I
don't know but here's the
story she said
uh um that black people are coming up to
her maybe they just recognize her and
they come up to her and they say they're
terrified of the future if Harris gets
elected why would black Americans be
terrified of the future with Harris
well what would make you
terrified um and she said uh you know a
bunch of black people are coming up and
saying that and I don't
know what is it because of
immigration I feel like the the the vibe
I've been getting is that black America
thinks that if so much money had not
been spent on migrants it would be
available to spend on black Americans
for everything from reparations to you
know better schools and all that do you
think that's
true I you know I would love there to be
a true narrative in which more people
would prefer Trump I'm not so sure it's
true that that money is liquid and
fungible and you could just use it for
something else if you don't use it for
migrants because remember the money
we're spending on migrants we literally
don't have
we're not SP we're not spending money we
have we're spending money we don't have
and we always could have spent that you
know more of the money we don't have by
borrowing it we could have always spent
that in Black America but apparently we
had figured out whatever level worked
and we were at that
level I don't believe it's
true that the more money you give to the
migrant Community the less is available
for black
Americans I think they just borrowed
more than they would
have so um but it feels that way doesn't
it imagine if you were in the in inner
city and you saw that the Venezuelans
were getting checks from the government
and like free rent and stuff for a while
and you
weren't you would definitely feel like
the guy standing next to you who got a
big check from the government because
he's Venezuelan and you got nothing and
you've been living here all your life
it would be quite normal to think that
that could go to me if it didn't go to
you I don't think it's true I think the
decision of what you get is just a
separate decision it's not like they
took your money but it's going to feel
like it oh my goodness it's going to
feel like it yeah well I don't know if
it's Envy Envy might be the it doesn't
feel like the right word but I get I see
where you're getting at it would be uh
yeah Envy isn't quite the right word but
but it's in the right domain so I see
why you're saying
that anyway
um we'll see uh see what happens there I
think there's going to be a lot more
support for Trump especially among black
male Americans that we've ever seen
before uh people mock me for saying that
all data about important stuff is
unreliable some sometimes they say it's
not credible sometimes times I say it's
fake but how many of you have a reaction
to that like well that's not
true all data about everything important
is
fake does your bodies just rebel against
that and say no it's
not obviously Scott there is real data
in the
world is
there are you sure are you sure there's
real data in the world about important
things now there's definitely real data
about unimportant
things but about important things do you
think there's real
data would you would you die in that
Hill that there's real data in the
world all right let's look at an
example um what about uh crime in the
United States did crime in the United
States under Obama uh under Biden did it
go up or is it now
down that's pretty easy right we collect
all this crime
data so give me the answer is is crime
up or
down because data is real right for
those of you who think data is real and
you can do your own research and find
out what the truth is say up or down
well today I saw
um I saw two movies on one screen so uh
I won't name names but a uh a popular
person on X U showed some data showing
that uh two cities were missing from the
crime data and that's why it looks like
it's low but that's fake that's the
story you've heard right have you all
heard the story that the crime data from
the FBI I guess left out Los Angeles and
St
Louis and then I looked at it and sure
enough it wasn't there and then somebody
else said oh this image is cropped if
you don't crop the image it is
there so which reality were you in were
you in the reality where that
information was left off which would
have been
ridiculous or are you in the reality
where somebody cropped a data page so it
looked like it was left off but of
course it was there so which reality are
you in oh oh but the data is real right
the data is real and you can do your own
research and find out the truth
yeah you could find out more than you
knew but you all you're going to do is
get to the next level of something that
might also be
fake so you might learn a new thing but
the new thing you don't know if that's
real because you'd have to research that
thing and then you'd have to research
the thing that said that thing was real
you'd have to know all the players to
know that the person who said it could
be credible and not somebody's in the
bag for one side or the other no there's
no there's no data that's real able
there is data that you can convince
yourself is right oh that exists and I
convince myself data is right all the
time because we're built we're built so
we have to accept some reality so we we
end up you know uh clicking to what do
they call it snap to grid if we get
nearer reality we like to snap to it all
right all right that's my reality now
I'll think about something
else no all data is fake how about uh if
you don't believe that about the crime
how about the data on the
economy is the economy better under
Biden or was it better under
Trump I don't
know because I don't believe any reports
about this if you if you assume that the
pandemic you know was sort of in between
the two administrations it just means
that any data comparing them would be
ridiculous so even if the data is
correct on the economy we don't know how
to analyze
so you got one case where the data might
be correct but half of the country is is
seeing a cropped view of it so they have
a whole different opposite of view so
that's useless the econ economic
information even if it were accurate
which I
doubt you still wouldn't know how to
analyze it because the country doesn't
know how to analyze somebody who had a
pandemic at the end of his M
Administration to somebody who had a
pandemic at the beginning of their
Administration nobody knows how to do
that like there might be a few experts
who could do it but you don't know how
to do
it how about uh the the
Border Democrats believe they've looked
at the border and uh immigration is at a
low um illegal immigration and
Republicans think it's at an all-time
high the truth probably has something to
do with the fact that uh We've we've
turned not we the the Administration has
turned illegal immigration into legal
immigration by putting them through the
Asylum door so technically they're all
legal they're just not citizens they're
legal they came under Asylum but they
lied about the Asylum but since that's
not proven in any kind of Court they're
innocent till proven guilty so it's not
really illegal unless it's proven
illegal and you can't read somebody's
mind to know that they they really
didn't have you know they were really
not motivated by Asylum and getting away
from trouble we have no way to
know so I would say that our information
on the economy and the Border or Garbage
crime we can't figure out what's going
on there climate of course is just a big
old mess you know we're going to argue
about whether climate can be even
measured or predicted of course it can't
and of course you've seen that numbers
on
inflation um Harris says says it's down
Trump says it's up but we're looking at
different stuff one is looking at the
base the other is looking at the rate of
increase
now those are the biggest
things now even even when you come to
something like uh abortion where you
think well abortion is not about data at
all is it there's no data argument about
abortion it's just is it you know is it
a life is it not is it right is it wrong
is bodily autonomy more important than
what some would say is a life though we
pretend that that matters but it's
actually a data question and we don't
agree on the data here's why if I told
you you know the Democrats do say that
they would allow abortion under for any
reason at any age you know even up the
ninth
month but suppose you
knew that it never happened
I'm not saying that's the truth this is
hypothetical suppose you knew that
nobody had ever aborted a baby at 9
months for just not wanting a baby they
had done it maybe plenty of times when
uh the mother actually thought they
would die and the baby wasn't viable or
you know special
cases but it's a data argument you you
wouldn't even care about the law if you
knew that there was no case where
anybody would abuse that
law right it would change the argument
quite a bit so even the things that you
think have nothing to do with data are
data arguments and we when the data is
useless because we don't agree on
it uh but at least science is reliable
thank God thank God we got science let's
see in recent number the number of
retractions of scientific papers has
risen sharply oh that's not good uh for
example in
2023 more than 10,000 research papers
were retracted
globally
10,000
10,000 scientific
papers were with
withdrawn how many do you think were
fake that were not
withdrawn more than
10,000 these are just the ones that got
caught just hold that in your
mind it's only the ones who got caught
10,000 of
them since uh how many was it in 2013 so
a little more than 10 years ago it was
only 1,500 that
year only
1,500 and in 2023 it was 10,000 this
year probably
more over the entire time in the past
decade how many scientific papers have
been retracted
39,000
39,000 scientific research papers were
retracted and again it's very important
point they're only the ones who got
caught you you tell me what is the real
number of fake or inaccurate scientific
papers if 39,000 of them got
caught and it's hard to
catch
100,000 I don't know but but I'd say
100,000 wouldn't be a crazy guess a
100,000 so it's a good thing that
science is accurate right now for the
NPCs i' like to take a moment to talk to
the
NPCs camera
two
NPCs uh NPCs
uh nothing I said was relevant to the
scientific
process the
scientific
process might be the best we
have I didn't say we should discontinue
the scientific
method I did not criticize the
scientific
method I simply said that 39,000 people
got the wrong answer for one reason or
another so you can't trust the output or
automatically but
still science and the scientific method
might be the best we have so if you're
dying to come into the comments to say
Scott Scott if you don't believe in
science how are you going to know what's
true so you can come in like a drunken
NPC and act like you didn't hear the
point and that is my
point that even if you get the right
information in front of people we'll
find a way to misinterpret it
guaranteed and then 400 economists
backing KL Harris that means that there
are probably you know X number of
economists who are backing Trump what is
the point of being an expert on
economics if you can't tell the
difference between their two plans and
what would be better for the economy our
Economist opinions any good no not if
they're on different
sides yeah the the one time that
Economist opinions worked are when there
were no economists who said that price
controls were a good
idea then then it worked that's a rare
case but when you're looking at like a
complex set of variables that Harris
would do versus the complex set of
variables that Trump would
do the the the economists end up
disagreeing and oh surprise they end up
agreeing with their political party that
they're already registered for so what
good was the
economics if all you're going to do is
agree with your party after you did your
economic
analysis did you add anything no you
didn't Jamie Diamond who I believe is a
lifelong Democrat and our most important
Banker the biggest of the
bankers um he loves Elan mus idea of
making the government more efficient and
cutting out the waste
you said that on a recent idea he also
said I think it was the same interview
that uh countries have to have strong
borders huh lifelong
Democrat seems to be in favor of
something that only Trump is going to do
for reducing
costs seems to be in favor of a trump
version of border
security say it say it
Jamie say it you know you want to you
know you want to oh you're so close Elon
mus said
it Bill Amman said
it Mr Wonderful said
it uh the all-in Pod guys some of them
said it it's safe you can come out Jamie
you can come out come on you can do it
we're waiting for you we love you we
love you Jamie come on come on come on
you're so
close meanwhile manufacturing is slumped
to a 15mon low as inflation goes
up um so the the urgency to pick a
president who is the best on
manufacturing is good um I'm still
thinking that
the real way to be a manufacturing
Powerhouse is with robots and we're not
quite quite there but very very close to
the point where we can build an entire
um probably build uh something in
America that uses a robot and 3D
printing and doesn't have to ship as far
because it's
locally um we we may be at the point
where Manufacturing in the United States
because you get rid of the get rid of
the most of the labor
uh could
work we're almost
there well according to the New York
Post early mailin voting in three of the
Swing States shows a huge uh let's say
closing the Gap by Trump because it used
to be that the Democrats by a huge
margin were voting by mail and uh so the
idea is that now that there are more
Republicans relatively still less still
fewer people voting who are Republican
voting by mail but the Gap has closed
quite a bit in the early voting I'm not
sure that tells you
anything are you with me on that I don't
think that's an indicator you know you
want to hear it as an indicator that
it's good for
Trump I don't know that the indicator
tells you one thing or another because
don't you believe that the mailin is
about the
cheating know you and the cheating
doesn't have to come early that that
could come later so I don't think that's
telling you anything I wouldn't get
comfortable because of
that well meanwhile Diddy's former
bodyguard says we're going to find out a
whole bunch of stuff about his freak off
parties and there going to be famous
people involved and that uh did he uh I
think a lot of people not the not just
The Bodyguard but uh people have come to
believe that Diddy is part of a massive
you know
blackmail operation much like
Epstein so let's
say if you're keeping
track the entities that are corrupt
are the media the Department of Justice
the Democrats we got the FBI the Secret
Service the CIA the Department of
Homeland Security the
CDC corrupt every government regulatory
body corrupt 400 econom IST corrupt and
uh music the music industry and
entertainment is basically a raping
situation raping and
blackmail child sex raping and blackmail
is your musical things now I would like
to put an image in your mind that's
going to make some of you
laugh have you ever see the movie uh
underworld with Kate Beck andol playing
a
vampire and uh there's this underworld
between the vampires who were real and
the werewolves the
lyans and you saw the the head of the
vampires is this you know uh very
ancient old wrinkled white
guy and he's kind of he kind of has a
Vibe about him but as it turns out that
the top vampire you know turned the
other Vampires by biting them and
turning them into vampires and then
those vampires bit other
vampires and then they became
vampires now think of the music industry
and think of Clive Davis as the top
vampire now I don't personally have any
accusations against Clive Davis or
anybody else because I don't know I
wasn't there and and I don't
trust stories in the news of this
type however if the rumors were true it
would be be that Clive Davis was the
ancient head vampire who turned Diddy
who turned
Usher who turned
Bieber and and created this industry of
hip-hop people who dressed in all
black like
vampires and and they came out only at
night like
vampires the the correlation between
that world that movie Underworld and the
and the vampire world and what the
current hip-hop music industry looks
like it's really shockingly
similar you know if the rumors are true
and again I don't personally have any
information that would say Clive Davis
did anything illegal or immoral or
unethical and you have to watch you have
to watch out because there's going to be
accusations against people who were not
involved in anything but the the
indication are that there's some kind of
a
long-term flipping of people into black
male situations and gay sex
Etc well I don't know if this is true
but because uh Ben Shapiro reposted it
um he would do a better job of checking
to some to make sure something is true
than I would so uh he showed a picture
of Hezbollah leadership in like a a
graph and it showed that everybody below
the top guys already been killed by
Israel so I didn't count them but it
looked like maybe I don't know 15 or 16
sub commanders under the top guy are all
dead now now here's my
question if that's true that 100% of the
you know the the underlings are dead at
the the high the high level underlings
there's probably more levels of
underlings but if but if the top two
levels of underlings below the number
one guy are completely
gone is it an accident that the top guy
is still
alive and I'm going to say
no I think Israel is keeping the top guy
alive
intentionally here's why number
one if you really really really hated
this top guy and you really wanted to
punish him and you really just hated him
so it's more than War it's personal and
I imagine it would be personal if you
put me in that situation and I captured
that top guy I would torture him before
I killed
him I can't even pretend I wouldn't like
if I lived in Israel and I had to worry
about that guy that guy authorizing
missiles that are coming at my house
every freaking day yeah if I caught him
myself I would torture him before I
killed them like actually literally no
joke so how would I feel if I were in
the Israeli IDF or the government same
way it would be
personal um not as personal for the
individual terrorists because maybe
they're just brainwashed or whatever but
the top guy no that's personal that's
personal now if you really really really
wanted to torture the top guy
what you would do is you would keep him
alive so he could see that everything he
built and everybody he loves gets killed
right in front of
him and that's what they're
doing now I don't know if they had any
you know conscious thought along those
lines probably
not but you do notice that people tend
to do the things that their subconscious
really really really wants them to do
even if they don't verbalize it but the
other possibility is you need to keep
the top one to negotiate any kind of a
settlement so you wouldn't have anybody
to negotiate with if you you know get
rid of him and you know you want to get
something done quickly so it could be
they need to keep him around it could be
he's just harder to get but I don't feel
like that's what's happening I feel like
they could get them when they want and
it could be they're showing that they
can get every single person but leaving
the top one in place is basically a very
very clear threat that says in two weeks
you're going to be dead unless you stand
down because that's what it feels like
it feels like they can do it anytime
they want and so you need to change
because we just took out your whole
leadership will he change I doubt it but
then they get the secondary fun of
making him watch will they destroy
everything he loved everything he cared
about everything he built and brings
nothing but ruin upon his people and
he's going to watch it and he's going to
know that that was him now he might be
such
a such a terrorist that he still thinks
it's wonderful because they're all going
to happen or something
but that's what's happening and so
ladies and gentlemen uh that is my
prepared
remarks ran way too late so I'm going to
say bye to everybody except locals and
I'll just very quickly say hi to them so
uh I'll see you tomorrow everybody else
on X and Rumble and YouTube and locals
I'm coming at
you
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e