[Music]
bum-bum-bum hey everybody come on in
here we've got fun news to talk about
today sometimes the news is sad
sometimes the news is awful and
sometimes like today the news is all fun
so join me for fun news you know it goes
well with fun news I think you do it's
called the simultaneous if that's right
that's right a lot of you got it correct
and all you need for the simultaneous is
is yeah that's right a cup or a monitor
glasses snifter stein chalice tankers
thermos flask canteen Grail goblet
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I am partial to coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine here the day the
thing that makes everything better
the simultaneous sip go I feel the
coffee replacing my blood and it's good
oh it's good yes I know what you want to
talk about you want to say Scott Scott
Scott Carla Harris who was your
prediction to be the Democratic nominee
she's out she's out Scott what do you
say to that Scott Scott you lost you bet
Scott are you so ashamed Scott do you
feel bad
Scott how will you ever get over the
massive humiliation the embarrassment
that you're you're experiencing right
now in public I'll tell you how it's in
my new book loser think it's in the
chapter about learning to manage your
your your embarrassment there actually
is a chapter about that and I've talked
about it being a superpower do
you think that I feel embarrassed that
for a year I've been making a prediction
which turned out to be I think we could
all agree the worst prediction anybody's
ever made because it turns out and I
didn't know this at the time of the
prediction the caramel Harris has no
skills at all for being a politician
none you know some people have some
skills are good at some stuff but
they're not good at other things
couple Harris doesn't have any skill for
being president or being a candidate for
president now I didn't see that coming
because at the time that I called her I
hadn't really seen her in public much
and what I did she was doing lawyerly
things like at you know Senate hearings
where she's sitting in a seat acting
like a prosecutor
now when cobble Harris acts like a
prosecutor in her role as Senator I saw
that I said that's pretty good pretty
good
and and so I said to myself well if she
can do that she can be on TV acting like
a prosecutor in the Senate environment
probably she could take those skills
into the realm of being a candidate she
could not take those skills into the
realm of being a kid that hate and I say
this with no with no ambiguity
whatsoever she's the worst candidate
I've ever seen in my lifetime by far the
worst
not even close I mean if you were gonna
say why you know maybe not the worst
she'd be in the category with it
these two or three people who are down
at the boat you can't even think of
anybody you literally you literally
can't even think of another candidate
who did as bad a job as she did now you
asked me am i embarrassed do I feel
shame for my utter and complete failure
in public no I do not because I do not
feel shame and embarrassment like normal
people
because as I talked about in my book
loser think which makes a great gift if
you can learn to embarrass yourself in
public and then discover watch this I'm
gonna give you a little a little bit of
a demonstration here as you know I've
been ashamed and embarrassed with my bad
performance in my in my prediction but
watch this watch this you won't believe
this
alright watch carefully if you're
listening on the podcast audio only I've
picked up a mug of my coffee and I'm
gonna take a sip from it watch this
watch this it tastes exactly the same as
before I was embarrassed you know
this coffee didn't change taste at all
it's exactly the same you're still here
in fact my audience is bigger than ever
because I think a lot of people came in
here to see to to mock me for my bad
prediction but what do you do when you
make a bad prediction and you are
humiliated in public
absolutely shamed and and dragged
through the mud what do you do
double down right you double down I will
now double down on my prediction of
Kamala Harris being the Democratic
nominee what what how's that even
possible
since she suspended her campaign well
let me tell you about Komal Harris's
path to the denomination which just
improved what she just quit what how
could her path to the nomination have
just improved what well I'll tell you
how kabul harris had no chance of
getting the nomination fair and square
she had no chance of being the one with
the most support when it came to the
convention but she did have a chance of
insulting the other candidates to the
point where they didn't want to talk to
her again
if she stayed in the race and she would
have spent a bunch of money and it would
have been a waste of the time but now
imagine that Biden gets the nomination
easy to imagine right you can't imagine
him winning but you could kind of
imagine as weird as it is as weird as
this you can imagine it right so imagine
Biden gets the nomination who's a pic
for is a vice president you hate where
this is going don't you oh you hate it
stay with me stay with me
so Biden has to pick a vice president
now you're gonna say to yourself and I
know you're saying it right now it's in
your heads right now you're saying to
yourself Scott you idiot you idiot he's
not gonna pick the worst candidate in
the history of candidates he's not going
to pick the only person of color who
isn't even liked by people of color
right but consider this consider this in
order to pick a good vice presidential
candidate what is the main things that
that person has to have what qualities
well I'll tell you they have to show
that they could be a politician at a
high level and any senator can show that
they're capable of being a politician at
a high level ish you know then somebody
says but she called the Biden a racist
yes she did how many times have you seen
a vice president chosen for as a running
mate who had previously said terrible
things about the person at the top of
the ticket normal routine doesn't matter
yeah it did happen but it doesn't matter
wait for it wait for it I haven't even
got to the good part in order to pick a
vice president besides the fact that
they have some qualifications you'd like
to have them from a good state but I
think I think that there may be a
problem because there's another
variable that you have to get right are
you waiting for it
Biden is running in the party of
diversity and inclusion he's running as
a Democrat he's an old white guy he has
already said I believe fact tecna's I
believe that Biden has said he would
pick or he would consider or Peck I
forget what he said
but he's already suggested that he would
balance his old whiteness on his ticket
now the way you balance being old and
white is by having a woman or a person
of color or a woman it was a person of
color now here's the good part wait for
it the president has to pick somebody
who looks less capable than the
president him or herself Hillary can
Clinton picks Tim Kaine who do you think
was the better president well Hillary
Clinton has certainly had more you know
juice and really more everything than
Tim Kaine president Trump picked Mike
Pence compared Mike Pence to president
Trump Pence is sort of the the low
voltage version of of CHOP you know if
you took away all the interesting things
from Trump you'd have Mike Pence perfect
that's a perfect vice President Ronald
Reagan picked George Bush senior who was
sort of a weaker version of Reagan and
then when Bush became president himself
he had to find somebody who was weaker
yet and he ended up with Dan Quayle Dan
Quayle was barely capable of finding his
way to work but you have to pick a vice
president who's weaker than you or else
the contrast doesn't work you don't want
to go into an election with everybody
saying hey I think the person who's at
the bottom of the ticket the vice
president should be at the top that's
the last thing you want now who among
the Democrats that you know would not
immediately look like a better candidate
than Joe Biden you see it yet
who would be a better candidate no let's
say who could Joe Biden pick who
wouldn't obviously look like that person
should have been the president think
about it if he picks let's say Joe Biden
goes for Klobuchar if you saw Klobuchar
and Joe Biden both giving a little talk
one after the other which one would you
think should be the president Klobuchar
it's not even close right
if who is the just saw name go by the
woman who lost her race but we think can
you remind me in the comments what's the
name of the woman the african-american
woman who lost her race Stacy what's her
name
alright it'll be in the comments here in
a moment
now suppose he picked her and her name's
gonna go by here in a minute so damn it
somebody tell me her name but you know
I'm talking about so if he picked
somebody who barely lost a race and his
is black I think a lot of people are
going to say hey why isn't as as Stacey
Abrams would know what's why can't
remember her name but people are gonna
say why should why doesn't she the top
of the ticket
alright so Biden would have to pick
somebody that you've heard of ideally
and somebody that is unambiguously less
good for president Stacey Abrams is the
correct name Stacey Abrams people would
ask why isn't she at the top of the
ticket now you may say well you know
maybe Biden is better than her but I
don't know if it would look that way
remember it's all about appearances so
here's the here's the prediction do I
think this is likely no nothing's likely
but because it's fun and because I have
not gotten yet enough of your shame and
embarrassment and you're mocking for my
bad prediction about Carla here's the
prediction Joe Biden picks Connell
Harris because she won't
even though she's sort of a cop you know
and and I guess the black voters don't
love Carla Harris but they also don't
vote for vice president nobody really
cares too much what the vice president
is about because they vote for the they
vote for the top of the ticket so she
wouldn't hurt him but she would balance
out the ticket and she's the only person
who's famous and serious enough who also
looks unambiguously less qualified than
Joe Biden you got to thread that needle
you got to find something that looks
qualified and is still less qualified
than a guy who can barely know what
citizen there's not much room there thin
band all right and then before the
before the election itself the further
prediction is that Joe Biden essentially
is considered incompetent or takes
himself out of the race for health
health reasons and then the bottom does
it take it becomes the top of the ticket
BAM there you go all right there's my
new prediction so we'll have to wait a
few months to see how that goes
so the big news of course is gossip
stuff gossip girl stuff so Trump I think
he's still there at the at the NATO can
conference and there was a video of
several of the leaders talking behind
his back or so it's assumed that's who
they were talking about because it looks
like it was and so it was Justin Trudeau
and Boris Johnson and McCrone to France
and some other guy hadn't recognized so
and there it was sort of a gentle
mocking about him taking up all the time
for the press conference or something
and somebody's had his team's jaws drop
to the floor I think that was maybe
Trudeau so Trump was asked about that in
the conference later and Trump called
Trudeau two-faced that's right
president Trump called the guy who's
famous for dressing in blackface he
called them to face
oh that's gonna do oh that's good and it
took a while it took it took people a
couple of beats to connect him wait a
minute what did he just call true down
to face what does that make everybody in
the country talk about black face he got
that for free it's one of the best and
I'm not gonna say it was completely
intentional it could be that he was
thinking black face and by the way this
is how your brains just normally work if
he was thinking Justin Trudeau he might
have been thinking black face you know
as something you know that's associated
with trigger down and then he needed a
word there wasn't that and so face was
in it so he said two-faced so I wouldn't
be surprised if the black face thing
wasn't influencing his choice of words
even subconsciously but man it was
perfect calling the black face guy to
face so the video shows you know Boris
Johnson looks like right he looks like
he's got that bird's nest' unsaid and
and then McCrone is the guy that that
the president essentially humiliated in
in a press conference just just before
that so there's this video of these
little gossip girls you you basically
have the blackface guy the nest head guy
and the guy who just got dressed down in
public are bitching about the president
behind the president's back now I saw
the press trying to turn that into a
negative and they did a pretty good job
did a pretty good job but how do you
take it when you see the when you see
that these leaders were talking behind
his back how did you take that did I'll
tell ya I took it you know I'm the
author of the Dilbert comic strip so of
course
a little bite us here but what I saw is
every beta male talking about their
leader isn't that what you saw I saw it
every lower-level
employee the bitching about the CEO
that's all look like to me so who was
talking about McCrone behind his back
probably nobody do you know why was it
because McCrone did all good things
could be but maybe he wasn't terribly
important who was talking behind
Trudeau's back maybe somebody but if you
had to pick the most important person in
the room it's gotta be the person
they're talking about so I think this
just looked like Trump being the most
important person at the meeting because
he was and this is exactly what you'd
expect people to be talking about you
know sort of sort of talking behind his
back Maggie Haberman who I I don't know
I don't know how to characterize her I
suppose she would call herself a
journalist but I don't think anybody
would say that's entirely what's going
on here so let's leave it at that and
she tweeted can't get over this video
both for the fact that POTUS hates the
thought of anyone laughing at him yes as
an attack against his predecessors New
York Times reporter Maggie Hebron
reacted so they're enjoying it because
because it looks like it's bad for the
president but if the worst if the worst
problem that the president has this week
it might be his worst problem the worst
problem the president had this week is
that little were complaining
about him behind his back that's it
that's the the worst thing that happened
is that little were complaining
about him behind his back and it wasn't
even like much of a complaint
now does it matter that the president
used the his attack that the other
countries were laughing at us well look
at the language so Maggie Haberman is
paraphrasing the president is saying
other countries are laughing at us who
is us is us the president or is us the
United States well I think US means the
United States the people in it right now
what this little gossipy situation was
is the leaders talking about the
President himself is that the same is it
the same to mark the President as it is
to laugh at the United States itself no
it is not the same do you know what
nobody there was doing wait for it wait
for it I'll tell you what none of the
leaders of the NATO alliance were doing
none of them were laughing about the
United States because what the United
States did was elect a bully to go over
there and pick their pockets so while
the bully that we elected to go over
there and pick their pockets had his
hand into their pockets up to his elbow
and was rummaging through their wallets
to get them to pay more for NATO so that
we would pay less do you think that as
he was pickpocketing them that they were
thinking haha
laugh at the people of the United States
oh what's this in my pocket
I barely know is wait what there goes
all my money damn you people of the
United States for for electing a leader
who would go pick my pockets so I think
that two things are being completed
conflated what do leaders think about
the United States which is frankly all I
care about
versus what do leaders think about
Donald Trump in particular that's the
same thing then everybody thinks about
them we you know we love the show we
talked about in we gossip about oh and
we
you know we drink in yellow bottom so
basically as long as these leaders
respect the United States and I think if
we're over there bullying them to pay us
more money and they are they might be
respect to the United States so some of
that all looks fine to me if that's the
worst problem the president has this
week and it might be so Jonathan Turley
law professor at George Washington
University he's a Republican but not a
pro trucker and that's important because
everybody's opinion depends on whether
you're pro or anti Trump in the
political world and he argued that the
impeachment thing is a bunch of BS and
that's there's nothing there I'm
paraphrasing but here's here's the kill
shot quote from Jonathan Turley and and
bear in mind he's really good Turley is
totally is really good he communicates
unusually well I've even quoted him in
my book lose I think have you heard of
it it's excellent makes a great gift and
he says here's the kill shot quote from
Turley if Trump honestly believed that
there was a corrupt arrangement with
hunter Biden that was not fully
investigated by the Obama administration
the request for an investigation is not
corrupt notwithstanding his
inappropriateness so he did agree that
it was inappropriate
do we care does anybody care should you
care that a law professor or another
senator or anybody else believe that the
way the president handled this is quote
inappropriate does it appropriate cost
you money does inappropriate caused you
pain does the president acting
inappropriately affect you in any way no
doesn't so okay people think it was
inappropriate do you know what else
people think is inappropriate
his tweeting his presidency everything
he's ever cited in his entire life
yes I all acknowledge that people think
the president acts of pro
inappropriately most of the time but it
seems to be working seems to be working
doing what's inappropriate sometimes you
can shake the box all right but here's
the key point firm totally and it's the
one that I basically I'm not a law
professor at George Washington
University but I've been saying a
version of this for a moment one and it
goes like this if the President had any
reason to believe that there was really
something there that's the end of the
story it doesn't matter if it's also
good for him it doesn't matter if it's
inappropriate doesn't matter if it's
non-standard
doesn't matter if it should have been
handled at a lower level doesn't matter
if he should have done it earlier
doesn't matter if he was if he should
have you know should have shown more
interest in corruption and other plate
men of the matters there's only one
salient fact did he have a reasonable
reason to believe that there was
something real there that needed to be
investigated and you and I think so
right we have the same information he
has about Hunter Biden don't you want to
know more about that of course you do
there's enough there to ask some
questions so that's pretty much the
whole story so I think Jonathan Turley
is not only great at communicating but
he's great
at at coming down to the only question -
mattered did the president have reason
to believe that there was something real
that needed to be investigated and since
there's no counterfactual - that there's
no evidence whatsoever that the
president didn't really think that it's
the end of the story there's nothing
else you have to ask you can you can
talk to a thousand witnesses and you
hear what a thousand people have to say
but if it's not on this point doesn't
matter it just doesn't matter that's it
it's the whole thing
and you know the I've criticized
representative Jordan and others who
have defended it by saying that there's
no evidence of the quid pro quo that's a
bad attack because if you're asking if
there's evidence of the quid pro quo you
somewhat accepted the framing that the
only reason he's doing this is for
political reasons you should never
accept that framing you should do what
jonathan turley is very clearly
signaling that the president should have
been doing do you get that he's not
saying it in direct words but he's
saying it as clearly as you could
possibly say it there's only one thing
that matters it's the thing that I said
from the very start which is did the
president have any reasonable belief
that there was something to investigate
that was good for the country and the
answer is yes now one of the attacks you
see is why why didn't the president show
interest in this sort of thing or
corruption in other countries or
whatever earlier you've heard that right
people are saying you can tell his his
motivation so you can know his interior
motivation because he wasn't interested
in corruption in general he was only
interested in this at this very moment
when Biden is actually running against
them why wasn't he interested in this
before Biden got in the race people
asked do you know what a stupid question
that is let me ask you this was it
important to the country to the country
was important to the country that Biden
might have some connections with Ukraine
if Biden didn't run for president No
now his priority would be love if Biden
was not running for president
suppose Biden was running for president
but he was polling last instead of first
his Biden had been polling last how
important would it be to the country to
the country
that there was some connection alleged
allegedly with barista and Ukraine
well if he's pulling last that doesn't
matter too much if he's pulling first to
be the President of the United States
which he is and there's a real
connection here to the most corrupt
country on the planet that's what makes
it a priority so if he asking why is he
treating it like a priority now when he
didn't treat it like a priority before
Biden was running for president let me
say this clearly it's because Biden is
running for president that's what makes
it a priority and it's because he's
pulling at the top that's what makes it
a priority of course is not a priority
until those two conditions are met then
he's in the race and he's polling at the
top otherwise it doesn't matter and I
would imagine if Biden had been polling
at the bottom let me ask you this if
Biden had been polling toward the bottom
do you think the president would have
bothered no you would be bothered
because it was a low priority both
politically as well as what's good for
the country all right that's enough on
that I think I think when you see a
here's my here's my way to predict legal
outcome so you ready this is how you can
accurately predict one of these
ambiguous legal outcomes because I know
you and I were not lawyers most of us
something some of you are but we look at
the situation we see huh how's it gonna
go they've got all this evidence and
they're making this argument and I'm not
a lawyer I'm not a judge how do i how do
i judge because other people are saying
it's a lot of nothing but some people
are saying or something all right here's
the rule you ready for this if your
legal experts are looking at the same
facts and agree on the facts in other
words the the things that have been
prevented as evidence they're all
looking at they're all looking at the
same stuff
and you've got a condition where some of
those people are saying oh yeah it's
very empirical look at all this evidence
and yeah other people who are completely
credible and Jonathan Turley even his
critics would say he's credible he's an
expert now he's a serious guy
I can't used to get on my lap so here's
the prediction technique if if it looks
like I'm doing something out here I'm
petting my cat in my lap
that's all I'm doing that's where if you
have if you have your lawyers looking at
the same information and they disagree
whether it even means anything or
whether it's even a crime you can always
predict that you're safe
in other words you're never going to get
a conviction when even legal scholars
can't agree if an actual crime has
happened you'll be one thing to say do
we have evidence that somebody did the
crime and you know the crime happened
but if your legal experts can't even
tell if a crime happened you don't have
to worry about it there's only one way
that's going to go this would be the
part of boo that you can see the tail
all right she escaped so that's my
prediction the I think the hearings in
which the Senate is a the Senate I think
is going to be talking to these legal
scholars that is not going to go well I
think for the Nadler team all right did
you all see by now the video of Andrew
Yang and the whipped cream I know that's
why you're here you want me to talk
about Andrew yang in the whipped cream
if you don't know what I'm talking about
you just said to yourself Andrew Yang
and whipped cream are in the headlines
I can't be good and let me tell you it's
not good it's not good so you have to
see the video to understand what I'm
talking about but if you haven't the
basic setup here is that Andrew yang was
with some supporters and two young
20-something year old men for whatever
reason asked him to shoot whipped cream
from a bottle into their open mouths
while they got on their knees in front
of him and he filled their mouths with
the whipped cream bottle which he held
at roughly belt level do you have the
visual yet and then to the horror of his
handler or staffer or advisor who was
standing nearby another young man asked
if he would do him next and he did he he
shook it like this that's right he
picked up he picks up the chamois creep
and he shook it like this before he had
the other young man get on his knees and
he held it down at belt level and he
filled them a young man's mouth with
whipped cream now here's the good part
and you have to see the video his
assistant is by the time he's doing the
second guy in Yanks having a great time
the assistant is like hitting him on the
shoulder kind of hard like yeah let's go
let's go okay that's enough twos good
twos good all right let's go let's go
you're done here gotta run we're a
little bit late cars waiting cars
waiting and so in this moment I believe
I found the man that I would like to be
our next president now I know you don't
see this coming but having watched this
Andrew yang whip cream situation I was
watching the video and I said that's the
man that I want to be my next president
not Andrew yang no I'm talking about the
assistant because the assistant was in
the same room with Andrew yang but only
the assistant knew this was a very very
bad idea
so Andrew yang I don't want that guy is
president my god look what he did on
camera but his assistant he shows some
good judgment because
assistant was trying to drag him out of
there as quickly as possible so I don't
know the assistants name but he I'd like
to endorse him for president because
that guy that guy's got some good
judgment and ER yang wasn't his best day
but the assistant
that's presidential material right there
all right another fascinating story
which is the best I can do
meaning the anti-trump arse to say bad
things about the president even when his
news is good so I love looking at good
news for the president that his critics
tryna try to use words to turn it into
bad stuff
it looks just kind of funny and so let's
say the deputy director of intelligence
Susan Gordon so I guess she is the ex
yeah she's a former deputy director of
intelligence so she was involved with
briefing President Trump on intelligence
issues and people asked her in some
public event they they asked her what
that was like and she went on to explain
that he was very interactive she used
that word and that he would challenge
the Intel assessments and that he would
one of his most common comments to
intelligence briefings was and I quote
I'm not sure I believe that and then
also he would ask questions like why do
we do that you know why have we done
that before why are we there so it asked
questions to understand how we even got
in this situation in the first place and
then he would challenge them as to
whether they were accurate now the
former director of intelligence Susan
Gordon was careful to explain that she
was framing this as a positive all right
she was very clear about it she was
framing this as a positive somebody who
is you know pushing against the
intelligence briefings because
as she said intelligence briefings are
not facts they're assessments based on
percentages and she was saying there's
nothing wrong with pushing against
something that's just the best guess
because that's sort of their job is
their best guess and so when I listen to
her say it live it looked entirely
positive like she was she was saying
that he was asking good questions and
pushing back against intelligence and
probably you should somehow the
anti-trump press made this sound like a
bad thing like he doesn't believe his
own intelligence service do you know who
else doesn't believe his own
intelligence service everybody everybody
is there anybody here who believes our
intelligence services are right all of
the time or even as much as we'd like no
no there's not one person who believes
that they should be trusted at this
point so the fact that the president
doesn't trust an entity which we know
not to trust you know I think they're on
our side most of the time but it would
be unwise to trust them uncritically so
this looks like a hundred percent
positive story about Trump that because
they can change the headlines to make it
look bad Trump doubts his own staff you
know Trump doesn't leave the assessments
that all the intelligence people believe
so they can turn him into an idiot but
then you look at the details and even
the person who had made the news by
talking about him and it's completely
clear that she's describing a good
leader asking the right questions so
it's a weird story
so the worst thing you could say about
the president is that he asks the right
questions and he doubts the things that
should be doubted well that's not so bad
President Trump made a comment about
Adam Schiff he was asked about Adams
chef and the impeachment stuff and the
the president characterized chef as a
sick man who has some I think he said
complexes yeah some some mental
complexes and and the president goes for
obvious reasons that that he was damaged
somehow in his past and the president
says for obvious reasons that's so that
is so bullying that is funny all right
and I have a theory here now you've
heard this theory I think there's an R
and K theory or something that's similar
to this but your here's my armchair
armchair psychological evaluation of the
entire country in regards to how they
see president Trump and it goes like
this I think everybody who experienced
bad bullying as a kid dislikes the
president and everybody who has not
experienced bad bullying maybe because
they were bullies or just lucky they
didn't have any police the people who
have not experienced bullying just see
him as a strong leader who was bullying
people that you want to get bullied
because that's his job I think you know
this and of course there's nothing that
can explain everything but this feels
like a really strong predictive variable
and it seems like the president was
saying pretty much the same thing about
chef that if you look at Schiff it's
obvious that he got bullied as a kid do
you think Schiff was ever bullied as a
kid do you think Jerry Nadler was ever
bullied seriously do you think that
Schiff and Nadler were ever bullied
pretty sure yes pretty sure yes and I'm
not saying that's a good thing
I'm saying that we're we think we're
seeing politics but we're seeing some
kind of a high school grade school
psycho drama being played out with
proxies god I'm proud of that sentence
but I digress it feels like they're
they're playing out with some kind of a
play from their past that they're doomed
to repeat you know they were damaged
damaged young and now they have their in
a loop and they just have to fight
bullies or they have to believe they're
fighting bullies for the rest of their
life and they can't leave that frame so
is the president of bully yes yes the
president is a bully does anybody
disagree with that I mean come on
you could be the biggest supporter in
the world but that's just true he and
and did he run as somebody who would be
how our bully was that not exactly why
he offered I'm going to be a bully for
you I'll believe the other countries
make them pay their share I'll believe
them to stay out of our country if
they're coming in illegally
I'll bully the ISIS I'm gonna go bully
stuff for you did we did we not know
what that was exactly what he was
offering is there anybody who was
confused about exactly the proposition
he was offering to his voters I think
people voted for him knowing he was a
bully and that he had offered to bully
on our behalf and then they watch his
progress for three years and they say
true or false
true or false he has been bullying
non-stop on America's behalf and the
answer is yes he has bullied like crazy
now does he bully everybody all the time
for you know just because he can't help
it no no when I visited him in the White
House did I feel like he was trying to
bully me not even a little he's just the
nicest guy in the world if you have a
private conversation with President
Trump and it's weird even coming out of
my mouth that I've actually actually
spent you know half an hour just
chatting with him in the Oval Office and
it still blows my mind that that even
ever happened but if you spend time with
him privately and there's nobody
watching I promise you he's the nicest
guy in the world and
the bullying is for a fact yeah I'm sure
he's never been the recipient of too
much bullying so I think that model
explains just about everything now I
will say for my part although I had
attempted bullies in my childhood I
handled my bullies with violence so I
did have bullying but I also ended my
bullying with violence
violence is very underrated for a number
of different things and my small town
that was completely acceptable if you
were bullied and you employed violence
on your bully people would slap you on
the back
they'd shake your hand they'd say we get
you know maybe you have to punish you a
little bit but good job there's no there
was no adult when I grew up who would
have told you not to punch a bully that
wasn't even a thing all right
am i right I'm is there anybody in my
age group who would who would confirmed
that in my generation punching a bully
even if it's in school you could do it
anywhere you you you could you could
beat up a bully right in the hallway of
your school and you wouldn't get much
trouble as long as everybody understood
it was a bully even the adults and the
principals and they say well you know we
got a we got to give you a day off of
school or something we got to do
something in fact a true story my if
this is a true story my brother punched
a bully down a flight of stairs yeah
I'll save you the the buildup on it but
suffice to say there was a bully and he
was bullying my brother and his
girlfriend as they were walking up a
flight of stairs at school and my
brother just reached his his turning
point you know the point where he had
too much and when they reached about the
top of the stairs my brother turned
around and just backhanded in with a
fist and knocked him down in an entire
flight of stairs now of course as you
might imagine my parents were called to
the school
I don't remember if my father was there
he might have been but my mother was
there I think both home and they were
called into the principal's office and
my brother was called in and he was
there to explain why he punched another
kid down a flight of stairs
so my brother who was watching this
periscope I know I hope you don't mind
me telling at least the highlights of
the story my brother in in very direct
terms repeated to the adults in the room
my parents and the principal what it was
that the bully had said and done for the
past matter of months and I don't think
either of my parents or the principal
could care less now they had to give him
a suspension so they you know he had to
stay home a few days which was sort of
like a reward and in my parents reaction
when we got home was well he had it
comin basically my parents didn't give
to to beans that he had punched a kid
down a flight of stairs because he was a
bull so my my experience with bullies
was what were mostly happy endings so
I'm not afraid of bullies because I
don't have an experience where they've
triggered me from the past in any
permanent way but I could imagine that
if you did that that experience that
president Trump would be a problem for
you like it just might trigger you just
to see him bullying that's my theory
there are those who have been believed
those of not it would make complete
sense that women would be less likely to
vote for Trump because women every time
they leave the house there's some kind
of male danger right so if your life is
every time you leave the house men are
harassing you maybe President Trump
isn't your first choice right so I can
see that all right that's my theory that
there's a bully and bully
heed the bullies and the bullied and
maybe that's the biggest variable in
terms of who likes whom that Plus team
play all right that's all I got for now
and I will go off and do something else
and I will talk to you later