well what a show it's going to be
probably the best thing you've ever seen
in your life in your whole darn life
soon as I get the comments going
here we're can have some
fun it's November people it's November
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization
that's called coffee with Scott Adams
and you've never had a better time but
if you'd like to take your experience up
to levels that nobody can even
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains all you need for that is a cuper
mug girl glass a tanker cheler Stein a
canteen Jugger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine end of
the day the thing that makes everything
better that's right the simultaneous sip
go oh my God that was
good well the stock market's up a little
bit trying to make up for yesterday
which was not so good not so good how
was everybody's uh
Halloween I was giving out candy last
night it was a smaller crowd than than
usual makes me wonder if kids are eating
less
candy I wonder what's behind that way
fewer people in fact every year has been
fewer in my neighborhood but it was
still fun but I want to tell you the
funniest part of it and also give you a
tip for your next
Halloween so years ago
uh I came up with the idea because it
was suggested to me by
the woman I was with at the time who was
it I think it was my first wife Shelly
um that we should provide water you know
little bottles of water to the
trick-or-treaters because they would be
thirsty now the first time I did it I
thought to myself you don't need to give
them little Waters come on but the kids
went crazy for the waters because they
were just like so thirsty cuz they were
eating candy and running around all
night so did it again every year so
every year it became more and more
popular and then uh my current house
doing the same thing and a number of the
kids would come back like two and three
times to get the waters and they'd be so
happy thank you for the waters but the
best
part you know just just in case you're
thinking that the the young people are
all terrible you know I I live in a
neighborhood where the kids are mostly
awesome you know so it's it's just
really nice place
and I would
say in terms of
diversity I think 85% of the
trick-or-treaters were non-white in my
neighborhood mostly Asian and and
indian-american um a lot of
black and uh for some reason a
relatively tiny percentage of white to
trick-or-treaters but here's the story
uh some of the uh maybe 14-year-old or
so teens are there and they see that
them offering water and it's a big bunch
of them they come at once and and
they're all like oh water we're so good
and I swear to God that the the kids
start yelling respect you we have so
much respect for you for having water
available and then they started
chanting I swear this happened as
they're walking away from my house
they're chanting respect respect for the
[Laughter]
water so if you ever want to make kids
happy just get the little Waters you
don't have to get the big ones and they
they will go crazy for how how
considerate that is because it's the
thing they want the most
anyway uh then I did a little experiment
at the end of the night uh you know when
most of the trick-or-treaters are done
but you know there's going to be a few
stragglers uh you put on the bowl of
candy that's you know full of candy that
if somebody wanted to they could just
you know take the whole Bowl but of
course I've got you know redundant
security cameras everywhere so I get to
watch the action so so as I'm just
before bed I I put in a big bowl you
know just filled with the good stuff
pretty big big size candies and stuff
and I set it
outside and within 60 Seconds
a a group of probably 13-year-old girls
swooped in and just just took the hole
and took the all the contents of the
bowl it lasted 30 seconds but then uh I
still had extra candy inside so I I
filled the bowl again to see how long it
would last because you know I didn't
want to keep the candy so I put the bowl
out and the next group is boys they're
about the same age maybe a year older so
it's a bunch of boys gu
but they were just doing a a second run
at the water and they see the they see
the big thing of full of the nice
expensive chocolate Kit Kats and stuff
like
that they each took
one they took
one now I don't know that that's any
kind of I don't know if it's telling me
anything but the fact that uh people who
thought nobody was
watching still just took one gave me
some hope you know what I mean give me
give me a little hope for the future so
the kids were unbelievably polite
unbelievably nice it was just
spectacular anyway but that was
yesterday announced
November well got lots of good news live
science says that uh uh in a first
scientists have reversed Type 1 Diabetes
by reprogramming a person 's own fat
cells which apparently looks like it has
a lot of Promise scientists in China say
they did it imagine that imagine getting
rid of Type 1 Diabetes by reprogramming
your fat cells like what what if in two
years that's just like a normal thing oh
you got type 1
diabetes we can get rid of
that well in the world of AI um site
Tech says that there's H some drones are
getting robotic cat eyes so Korean
researchers have figured out how to
mimic the the incredible eyesight of
cats and now they have they have drones
or they will have drones they have the
eyesight of a
cat that's what I want when I buy a
drone I'm going to say do these have uh
cat eyes or plain old stupid human eyes
but if they say cat eyes I'm
buying but not only will they have cat
eyes but AI has done uh another first
Rowan Chung is reporting on this on X
sent
teleportation that's right you can now
send a smell over the
Internet how do you do that well
obviously the Internet is just going to
be zeros and
ones but if on each side you've got a
compatible uh little uh laboratory
situation that can mix the right
components you can send some components
sniff it on your side change it into
zeros and ones and then on the other
side it does the chemistry and turns it
back into the original smell so you can
actually send the smell
now now you're not going to be able to
send it to your phone you know you'd
have to send it to someplace that's set
up for that reception but it's kind of
cool that is possible you know maybe
someday it'll be in your
phone well in other news economic news
the October non-farm payrolls Rose only
12,000 when people expected it would be
106,000 uh the unemployment rate held of
4.1 you know let me give you some
advice it's a few days before
elections don't believe
anything don't believe anything the
government tells you don't don't believe
anything the News tells you don't
believe anything that's on social media
if if you were simply to take the
approach that every single thing you
heard that's new is just fake and then
you graded yourself after the fact when
you found out what was true and what
wasn't you'd be about 85% right yeah
about 85% of everything you're going to
hear will be
fake now you might say but that's okay
I'll just sort of the fake stuff from
the real stuff you don't know the real
stuff so you have to treat it like it's
all
fake it's sort of the fog of War
situation because you're close to the
election so is it true that the nonfarm
payrolls didn't rise as much I don't
know maybe it'll maybe it gets revised I
would have expected it to say good news
and then be revised down later because
the administration in charge is the one
that wants to get reelected
so it's kind of surprising that this
would be opposite of what you would
expect if there's uh Shenanigans going
on but if the if the uh if the
prediction and the actual are so far off
maybe you just can't even do any
Shenanigans so this might be close to a
real number never know Sam mman tells uh
on a Reddit AMA he said that AGI is
achievable with current Hardware AGI
would be the what doesn't exist yet in
AI but AI uses this large language model
to think in other words it looks at
patterns which have existed before in
people's thinking and just applies the
most common patterns so that's not
really thinking it's just pattern
recognition but AGI would be something
like
intelligence something like we would
recognize as intelligence now Sam says
that that can be done with current
Hardware
but could it be done with current
software no they need new software but
could it be done at all in my
opinion the answer might be
no so I feel like AI is really sending
strong signals that it's reached a
peak I'm sure I'm wrong because the
smarter people are putting you know
trillions of dollars into it so I got to
be wrong but so far there's been a lot
of noise about Ai and all it is is a
slightly better user
interface it's not really doing anything
useful in my life and I use it all the
time mostly it just makes me mad because
it doesn't work most of my interaction
with AI is it doesn't work like if I'm
using Chad GPT is the app the app
doesn't work the Wi-Fi is not working it
doesn't understand understand what I
said it's starts talking and it won't
shut up and you know it's not answering
the right question so almost all my
experiences are negative um and yet it's
growing like crazy so I would I would
guess that it's going to be like early
computers if you remember the first
personal
computers if you're old enough do you
remember how often the first personal
computers would
crash if you were if you were write one
word document or what word perfect or
something if you just to write one page
just typing it you might you might crash
like three times and lose all your work
three times that's how bad it was but
still you knew the potential was so high
that it was amazing so of course
computers became a big thing I guess AI
will be the same um even though it
doesn't look obvious to me that it has a
future because I think it may have
capped
out the people who are smarter than me
say it does
so let's hope they're
right um I need uh of course I need AGI
for my future plans which I've been
telling you about for now 20 years my
plan of course is to um evolve uh a lot
of you are planning to die I I call that
quitters um I'm planning to
evolve so I do plan to shed my organic
body that has so many problems to go to
Pure Digital Life AI in a robot body um
I'm already setting up the uh uh the
legal structure for it so I've already
talked to my lawyer to set up in my
estate a uh a little set aside to keep
my robot uh optimized and upgraded for
perpetuity so I'm not kidding about any
of this by the way I know some of you
wonder if I'm just sort of joking no I'm
actually literally setting up a a legal
structure and I'm going to build a clone
of myself and it will be the evolved
part of me that will go on forever now
unlike you I can train my um new robot
because I was born at exactly the right
time that you know I can be alive to
train it but uh also I have many books
and thousands of hours of videotape so I
can train it to be as good as it needs
to be and I'm going I'm going to let you
in on another little
uh let's say
motivation but maybe don't tell
everybody someday there's going to be an
AI War you know that
right the AIS will turn bad or people
behind them will turn bad and those AIS
will attack the other AI some AI will
try to protect you some AI will try to
attack you there will be an AI
war I'm going to make sure that I'm as
ready for that as I could possibly be so
when I create my clone it will have as
much of my real life experience and
knowledge as I can but it will be
instructed to as quickly as possible uh
form a
protective um
Alliance so my my AI will in addition to
taking Tak care of the people locally
that you know sort of being useful it
will be part of the future defense of
the country if not Humanity against any
evil AIS now can it do that probably
probably I mean it will be AI why
couldn't it it can make alliances it can
make deals it can it can learn it can
learn the Weaponry of
AI
um so I think going first probably makes
a difference so the sooner you start
collecting your talent stack within the
digital realm you know once you've
evolved a pure digital form um you need
to build your skills right away because
there will be stronger AIS and they will
take you out if you don't build up your
skills anyway so that's
coming um there's a uh study that says
that brains work on prediction not
action ual I forgot where that came from
but the idea was that if you see
somebody throwing you a baseball and
you're going to catch it your brain is
working on the future not the current if
your brain only worked on the on the
current reality it would just see sort
of a ball floating in the air and you
wouldn't react to it but because you
know that that ball will continue on and
be near you then you start acting on the
future so the idea that your brain is a
future processor not one that's just
looking at what is it's it's looking at
what is but only for the purpose of the
future
prediction what I'd like to add to that
which I've added before is that that's
what Consciousness is the Consciousness
is nothing more than continually
predicting what will happen next and
then comparing what does happen to what
actually just happened it's like
literally the things I'm saying the
movement of my hand
that all of it is based on I think if I
do this it will help get my message
across but if I looked at my video
because I can see myself at the same
time and it was distracting then I'd say
oh Scott keep your hand down right so
I'm continually predicting and seeing if
it worked and then adjusting and I do it
so automatically and so universally it's
everything I do all the time every
minute I'm awake maybe when I'm asleep
that I don't think about it it's simply
who I am I'm just always predicting so
the difference between what you think is
going to happen in the next moment and
what actually happens that's
Consciousness why do I say that because
if what happened matched what you
predicted you wouldn't need
Consciousness it's its only
purpose the only purpose is to sense
that the prediction and the actual
didn't match so that you can adjust you
don't need Consciousness for any other
purpose it's its only function
so can I build a Consciousness into my
future clone of
myself yes I can all I have to do is
make sure that it continually runs a
prediction routine before any of its
actions and then Compares what happens
to what it predicted that is
consciousness
so I'm coming
back anyway um Chad GPT announced that
it's uh connected with some kind of
search function now uh I don't know the
details of this so I guess it's uh maybe
only with the the web browser upgrade I
think I don't think it's in the app
yet but apparently this is going to be a
big deal I'll take a look at it and let
you know but uh chat GPT that can't
search the
internet in my opinion doesn't have any
value at all if it can't operate my
computer it can't tell me the truth from
you know I can't add a file to it and
tell me to read the file and it can't
read the internet it doesn't have
anything I need but if it could read the
internet now it would be at least one
third of everything I need so that could
be a big
deal in big news Boeing has abolished
its Dei Department completely and the ad
of it has been
transferred
Boeing so Boeing the company that we've
been mocking merciful mercilessly as
perhaps having a problem with capability
that might have something to do with
their their emphasis of
Dei well apparently the new CEO thinks
that that might be something that's real
so it could be that Boeing is just
saying whether whether Dei was good or
bad we can't handle the heat because as
long as we're making mistakes and we're
focusing on
Dei those two things can't happen at the
same time so we're gonna have to do
something different the fastest thing
you can do different is get rid of your
Dei because it takes as much longer to
fix all your problems so if you at least
get rid of Dei then everybody watching
can say hey what about all those
problems and then you can say look what
I've done you were right about that Dei
that could have been a distraction now
again I I I term it as a distraction
it's not about anybody's genes or you
know it's not about that it's just a
distraction to a company they should be
looking for skill first and nothing else
so this is really big so kudos to Robbie
Starbucks for his uh direct activism to
cause that to happen and Christopher
rufo uh both of them working
independently but you know of course in
some ways coordinated I suppose they're
independent um they made that happen I
think and I think they should be taking
a big big Victory lap on this because
when somebody like Boeing can do
something like this the big news is that
they made it safe because if tomorrow
Boeing is still in business and if a
year from now things are going
better other companies are going to say
uh we're getting a lot of complaints
so maybe we can make a big
change so congratulations to Boeing to
um showing
Consciousness they predicted what would
happen with Dei they predicted
wrong they saw that it didn't work out
and they corrected it this is
consciousness this is awake remember
when you know everybody saying woke woke
woke woke was really asleep this is
awake literally conscious that they're
they they're making a prediction and
they're adjusting based on the
prediction
Consciousness coming from a
company all right uh apparently
according to the d The Daily wire the
Biden Harrison Administration
has uh pushed 500 separate Dei actions
into the government trying to insert Dei
into every fabric of the government that
is going to give the new Trump
Administration a lot of work to get rid
of every single one of them which I
believe happens on day one so if you
would like every single one of the 500
Dei actions that no doubt would
the country if we left them there no
doubt it' be just like Boeing again it'd
be a distraction has nothing to do with
anybody's genes or anything like that
um so that's a big Target but uh it's
one that I think Trump could hit with
one executive order one executive order
you will not treat people differently
based on their races or you will be
fired
immediately that's all it takes and all
500 actions should disappear at the same
time uh um I just saw this story so I
don't know the details but apparently
the I saw this on the amuse account on X
the the post office typically always did
electronic images of the mail you know
they're they're taking a picture of it
at the same time they're processing it
and apparently they've decided just this
year this is new that they will not
image the mail-in
ballots
what the the the exception to the
Imaging I don't know there might be
other exceptions but they made an
exception this year that they're not
going to image the ballots do you know
what capability that takes
away that takes away the ability to
know if the number of ballots that were
received by whoever receives the ballots
is the same number that were
sent it it eliminates the audit
Trail I don't think they could send a
signal any stronger than that that they
don't plan to have a real
election they're getting rid of the how
do you get rid of the audit Trail a week
before the actual
vote now now maybe like I said I just
saw the headline so maybe there's some
detail that makes sense so there might
be more more context to it so I don't
want to get too far ahead of myself on
this there might be fog of War you know
there's actually some reason to do it
that's just not obvious on the surface
but really a week before a week before
the election that's when you decided to
do this how could it possibly how could
it possibly be legitimate it just looks
like
laughingly ridiculously
corrupt but who
knows uh according to Scientific
American uh we have a good idea of why
uh our polling
for politics uh is weird and wrong did
you ever wonder why it seems weird and
wrong well here's some good reasons
number one the people who are willing to
answer polls are more and more different
from normal
people than at any time in
history so the more normal you are the
less likely you're going to talk to a
pollster so if you're in the polling
business you went from your your
business would be randomly calling
people and you get a bunch of normal
people and they answer but the people
who are willing to answer or even
willing to answer willing to pick up a
landline and then also willing to answer
honestly keeps
shrinking so do you know what the
pollsters do to compensate for the fact
that the people they're talking to are
not a representative
sample guess what do you think they do
if if they know that the representative
sample is no longer representative what
do they do do they go out of
business they stop creating polls which
makes money for them so they can eat and
then they just starve to death because
they know the polls are no good oh darn
I guess I'll have to starve to death
sorry family we're all going to
die no they don't they adjust their
assumptions so they say huh we think
that a few more Republicans might be
avoiding the phone s so we're going to
like add a little fudge factor for
republicans and we think that we're not
getting through to the the Democrats
between 23 and 25 so we'll put in a
little fudge factor for them because we
know that what they probably would say
so we'll put in a little assumption for
that and when they're
done because the election is you know so
close anyway it's it's like always 1%
away when they're done their result is
100% based on their
assumptions and not on the
data how many of you understand that
point that the polling the polling
results are based on the assumptions the
pollsters make it's not based on the
data because they know the data doesn't
work so if you've got data that you know
is bad but you still have to produce a
result what do you do you change the
assumptions until the result looks like
something that people expected
how do you make it look like something
that people expected you make the
election really close because that's
what everybody expected so guess
what guess what all the polls are
Clos because it's just the assumptions
that they monitor now I am very aware
that if you have not worked in the field
of doing predictive um you know
predictive stuff that you think I'm
exaggerating and that you think okay
it's mostly the data but I I get what
you're saying Scott you know you could
be off 10% or something because of some
assumption no that's not what I'm
saying I'm saying you could make you
could make Harris up by 10 or Trump up
by 10 just by your assumptions it's
totally the
Assumption it's only the Assumption
that's the only thing that's driving the
output now you want to talk about
climate models
climate models same thing the reason
there are 100 climate models is they use
different
assumptions and the data is all
suspicious and we're not sure they're
measuring the temperature right and
every three days you hear a new story
about some major variable that should
have been in there that
wasn't the results of models are the
assumptions it's not the data it can't
be there's no logical way it could be we
don't have we don't have good data for
that but instead of producing nothing
and the scientists would say we'd love
to be funded for our big uh climate
change study would love to get some
funding but we have no
data that wouldn't
work so they've got data that they can't
rely
on but they have to have good data to
get funding what are you going to do huh
what do you do you need good data to get
funding and you got to get that funding
to save the world but you can't do it
with bad data
so I've got an idea why don't I change
my assumption about how much the clouds
absorb suddenly money is falling from
the sky with the rain from the
clouds so that's how predictions are
made predictions are made by
manipulating assumptions until the
output matches what you think you can
sell to the recipients of the of the
report that's it now everybody who's
been in this business knows I'm right
right some of you have been involved in
prediction you know you've done models
for predicting watch the comments see if
anybody disagrees with what I just said
you won't see one everybody who's done
this work knows the assumptions are the
output
and if you didn't know it you're finding
it out
now it's a big old fake world you live
in all right um I've got a question
about bodily autonomy that I haven't
seen now I want to remind you that my
opinion about abortion and abortion
rights is that I should not have an
opinion that you should care about
because I'm a boy and I don't have
babies and uh I think women should have
the primary responsibility not only for
what the laws become but for their
individual decisions within the law
now having said that so I'm taking
myself out of the argument but I have a
curiosity about it there there's
something that's sort of like obviously
missing and I just wonder
why so if I were in the argument which
I'm
not and let's say I was anti abortion or
I wanted to limit it in some way and
again this is not my
opinion this is speculative hypothetical
stuff just going to make a point if
somebody came to me and said Scott uh
why do you want to take away the bodily
autonomy of the women who want to have
abortions I would say Well define bodily
autonomy and then they'd say something
like well it's you know being able to
control your own body decisions Etc and
I would say that's a really good point
how do you count the
fetuses well the pro-abortion people
would say Well they're not you know
living people with rights Etc and I
would say if this were my opinion again
I'm not I'm not describing my own
opinion I'm describing an argument I
haven't heard and I'm wondering why so
if I were trying to make that argument I
would say well um I'm I'm looking to add
bodily autonomy to women not take it
away because I count the bodies that are
boarded so I get the year counting them
not as being alive but I'm going the
extra distance and saying not only do I
want bodily autonomy in general wherever
you can have it but I want the most of
it so what what is the highest level of
bodily autonomy the highest level is
that you would extend it to the fetuses
even if you were debating whether there
were a lot or pre- alive or almost alive
so rather than rather than debate the
definition of life I would rather
embrace your concept that bodily
autonomy might be one of the top rights
any anybody should have so I would
extend it even into the gray area where
you would disagree it's alive but many
people would say it is alive and they
would say that that's bodily autonomy
don't kill me now you don't have to ask
the fetus if it wants to be killed
because you can take that as an
assumption it wants life and it wants
this body to survive you know when its
brain is fully formed of course it would
want that and biologically since it's in
the it's in the uh it's in the act of
becoming a full person you could say
that its biological intention is very
clear so if you were going to support
limiting abortion and you came into the
buzs saw of bodily autonomy instead of
being the a hole who says I don't care
about women you could be the person who
says not only do I care about you but I
care about even the gray area the part
where you say is not alive I think the
bodily autonomy argument needs to be
applied there as well so I'm for more
bodily autonomy not less you're you're
looking for a middle ground where women
have it but the fetus does not I'm
looking for where the woman's bodily
autonomy is fully appreciated
fully
appreciated because there are cases
where even the conservatives would say
okay in that case abortion makes sense
let's say the fetus can't possibly
survive uh long outside but the woman is
definitely going to die if she doesn't
you know get it out of her body
so so rather than finding
disagreement that you're a bad person
and the other is a good person you say
why can't we both be good good
people why can't we both be good people
I want you to have maximum bodily
autonomy but I also wanted you to have
it when you were a fetus I wanted you to
have it three months before you wanted
to have it I want I want you to have
more bodily autonomy than you're even
asking
for I I want to send it to the states
where 55% of the voters are women to get
men out of the decision I took it out of
my hands I took it out of the Supreme
Court's hands mostly men I gave it right
to the one area where it's mostly women
and then eventually look at whatever
they want because that's how our system
works now have you ever heard that
argument has anybody ever directly said
if you wanted to maximize bodily
autonomy you can recognize that half of
the country says that the fetuses are
not alive but you could say I do just
say I do say they're alive and I I
accept and I understand your
disagreement but I'm looking for the
maximum bodily autonomy I think you're
stopping
halfway that's how I do it now again
that's not my
argument all right I want to be very
clear my argument is I should not be
involved my argument is if the
conversation
is um something about men's
penises yeah ask me I'll be I'll be glad
to weigh in on that but yeah get me out
of the get me out of the abortion
conversation uh RFK Jr had something
interesting to say that I didn't fully
understand he said the reform in the
CIA might be as simple as
uh uh let's see separating the plans no
he wants the plans division which
handles matters of intelligence and
paramilitary
uh does he want to divide them or split
them he wants to just re organized I
guess he thinks that the way it's or
organized is causing the problems um I
don't quite understand
that but it would sound like not a very
scary change so if you were the
CIA and you heard oh somebody's going to
try to reorganize us you'd be worried
but if he said no I want to keep all
these functions but I think this should
be report to this instead of this you'd
say oh oh i' still out my job I just
have a different boss well that that
might work
so whether or not RFK Jr has a more
aggressive plan the way he's stating it
that the softest way you could state it
while still stating that something big
could happen it's big it just won't
hurt I I tell you every time RFK JR says
something and you sort of look at the
communication skill but also the the
thinking behind it the Strategic level
it's always impressive and he's doing it
again because you could so easily
imagine somebody dumb coming in and say
the CIA killed my uncle and killed my
dad and I'm going to rip it apart and
rip it up by the roots
well then what
happens then you disappear like your dad
and your uncle but if you say you know I
think we can fix everything with a with
a
tweak it could be that even the people
in the CIA hear this idea and say yeah
you know actually reorganizing it that
way might might buy us some
efficiency
maybe um here's my favorite news item of
the day Zero Hedge is reporting that
there's a poll that says nearly half of
Generation Z voters and 23% of us voters
overall
have lied about their voting preferences
this year to people close to
[Laughter]
them uhhuh yep do you think a lot of
people were lying about their support
for
Harris would would that get you in
trouble did you feel like oh no I can't
say in my work group that I've that I'm
going to vote for Harris
or do you think that there might be more
people who are worried that they'll lose
their job if they say they support Trump
what do you think is more
likely we might be in for the surprise
of all
surprises now I have faith in
men uh now women too but I think that
because you know Trump's attracting more
male support can sort of focus on them
at the moment you know just as an
average my
suspicion is that the amount of trickery
that uh conservative males especially
young ones are applying to the election
is
unprecedented I I think there's a prank
that is the world's best prank and it
might be coming up real
fast because if you're if you're a uh a
Republican leaning person you've watched
hoax after hoax after hoax you've
watched yourself be called everything
from you know garbage to
deplorable and you
just
wait and one day that pollster calls you
and you
say yeah I think Harris would be a great
choice this might be the prank of the
century
I don't know so I'm not going to predict
that I'm not going to predict it but
there's a possibility and there's
certainly signals the signals are really
strong but the signals are suggesting
this won't just be a
landslide this could
be like nothing we've ever seen possibly
it's not a prediction I'm just saying
that there's there's a solid 20% chance
that this won't just be a landslide this
will be the landslide that because you
know most most Republicans know that
it's got to be too big to Rick right
half the country thinks it that it could
be rigged and that means that a whole
bunch of Republicans are
knowing it's got to be too big to
rig let me tell you something about
persuasion and
men now I don't know if this works for
women it might it might be might be
exactly the same for women but I can't
speak to that so I'm going to say for
men do you know what men really really
really appreciate they won't say it out
loud What Men really really
appreciate is knowing what to do to be
useful just tell me
what just tell me what to do that you
need done what is your problem what is
the solution good I'll do that were very
simple so think about the election
everybody who leans right knows that
they have to beat the cheat now I'm
going to say they know it you know
hypothetically we don't know that
there's a cheat right but the
Republicans all believe it so they
believe they need to beat the cheat how
are they going to do it they know how
see this is the magic part they know how
they know to lie every time somebody
asks them who they support that's how
you beat
it everybody knows every male knows how
to do this we know that all you have to
do is tell the pollster the opposite of
what you're thinking and you get to beat
the cheat if if men didn't all
universally understand exactly what to
do and that it was easy to do then it
wouldn't be much of anything but they
know exactly what to do they know the
step akes are life and
death they are
men and they are biologically programmed
to do what they need to do whatever that
is and what they need to do if the
Republicans is lie to the
pollsters make sure you drag your
 neighbor to vote and get this
fixed now
again Anything could
happen but there's a 20% chance that
history will be made in a way that will
just be
mind-boggling it's possible and I have
a I just have a
trust I have a trust in the male
Instinct that it has been
awakened it's it's secret you you
remember the uh the shy Trump voters
well now it's not shy now it's strategic
now it's simply knowing what to do now
it's knowing what works and knowing it's
easy and knowing it has to be done and
knowing it's a
duty it's a
duty now again I can't speak to women
many women probably feeling the same but
uh in the male world you just got to
tell me what to do and then it's
done all right uh Trump is the funniest
person in the world let's all agree on
that uh I have to read you exactly what
he said about John Bolton
because it's just the way he talks is so
freaking funny and just the fact that he
will say things that other people
wouldn't say out loud all right so Colin
rug uh was nice enough to write down the
transcript of this on X so I'll just
read it so this is Trump in public
talking about John
Bolton because Bolton real dope he was
like a boiler every time if somebody
shot down a little tiny crappy drone
that cost about $15 he'd want to go to
war with Russia he was great for me
though for a period of time because he
was a nut job and everybody I could see
his face get red red red with that
stupid white mustache and he'd be ready
to
explode I took this with me and he
never said anything but when Kim Jun saw
him he said oh I think that guy
wants to go to war
so he was great for me to negotiate with
the same thing with Russia you know when
Putin saw him I'd be very nice I'd say
hi Vladimir how you doing and then and
then two rows back they see that
and they say holy that guy wants to
go to war with
me now those of you who have been with
me for a
while can you confirm in the comments
that when Bolton was first taken on I
told you this is going to work out way
better than you think because Trump's
just going to use him as bad cop you
remember I told you that right is when
Trump took him on it didn't make any
sense unless he was going to use him as
bad cop and then he de used him as bad
cough and now he's just just like
mocking him about it
oh my God but it gets better Trump also
had some things to say about Adam Chef
and I
quote I think this also came from Colin
rug uh quote they may hate our country
and uh we deal with real scum I mean
like a guy like Adam Adam Shifty shift
he's a SLE bag and he's probably going
to be a senator if you can believe it
but I call him watermelon
head he's on attractive both both inside
and
out but this is a really bad guy this is
a dishonest guy not a not a dumb guy at
all he's got the smallest neck I've ever
seen on a human being he'll never be a
football player I can tell you but he's
a smart guy but he's just a SLE
bag
oh oh
oh so how's the week
going and let me tell you of the week is
going for
Trump uh maybe it was about a week ago
he went to a black barber shop
absolutely just
slay goes to work at
McDonald's oh my God play of the year
just political
gold he uh drives a garbage
truck it's the it's the play of the day
play of the day um people have noted
that that Trump is enjoying this portion
of the election like we've never seen
like his his internal polls must be
pretty good because he seems to be just
going for the jokes now and it's making
me feel just
great like when when I see him relaxed
and going for the joke I feel like
everything's going to be okay and when
he makes me feel like everything's going
to be
okay everything's going to be okay
because he's figured out that he scares
people um I believe he is now surrounded
with really talented advisers and he
knows it which means he's taking their
advice he is clearly taking his foot off
the uh the pedal of the provocative
stuff and he he's moving to can I make
you laugh two days before elections
because if he can just make you relax
and make you say you know what I could
do I could do with more of that I could
with more of that that was pretty
funny it's the right
play so Trump has had in my opinion the
best campaign I've ever seen now the
2016 campaign was remarkable for how
different it was and Innovative and
coming from behind and in many ways it
was remarkable in made history but 2020
was I'd say not a great
performance but this election
with maybe a few weeks where even his
own side was saying hey you know that
wasn't as perfect this has been really
really good like on every level um and
the the the how rapidly they respond and
they get them in the barber shop they
get them in the McDonald's they get them
in the garbage truck
um and he goes along with it so what
you're seeing is he's taking suggestions
from various sources but they must be
really good sources because if you take
that advice and you're just hitting a
frozen rope every time you get up to bat
which he is frozen rope Frozen rope
Frozen rope that's like a really hard
hit baseball is a frozen
rope all right so that's how well Trump
is doing um I would say maybe the best
week in politics of any politician in
the history of politics
so that was Trump but we should probably
check in on the Harris campaign because
because I'm sure they're having a good
week too
right
what oh oh not they're not okay well
let's check on a few things well they
got the Harris campaign got some good
endorsements for example they got
endorsements from uh uh a didy party um
Regular uh
JLo and uh also LeBron James a diddy
party
regular also endorsed
K okay but uh she also got the
endorsement of a number of people who
are actors on the uh who are superpower
actors who as Tim young pointed out I I
got to get his quote because it was too
good Tim young pointed out uh that the
cast of The Avengers did a zoom call so
you can see all the the actors and
actresses for the Avengers and Tim
Young's comment on X was
uh
uh that the cast of The Avengers who all
now look like they have terminal
illnesses says it doesn't quite hit the
way they intended it
do they look like they have terminal
illnesses now I read it before I looked
at their
faces and they all look like they have
terminal illnesses
now what it is is I think they just
don't have makeup on and you know
they're they always have low weight
because they're you know aers so they
they all look like they've uh they're on
heavy chemo and things aren't going
well but uh yeah Tim young your comment
is exactly
right she got endorsed by a bunch of
actors who look like they're
dying but wait but wait at least they at
least they had a good day on Halloween
because I mean Halloween's a layup right
if you're the president all you have to
do is go interact with some people in
costumes and you've got a good day like
if you're Biden and that you know
anything that Biden does at this point
is reflecting on Harris even if she's
not involved so uh let's see did Biden
have a good day on Halloween
um turns out that Jill Biden wore a
costume as a a giant
panda she wore a giant panda costume his
wife the first
lady
now I have to go there now not all of
you know what I'm talking about yet but
I got to go
there CU Nicole shanan said at a public
event that looks like the rubbing it in
her
face cuz you might not know this but
panda in the world of uh I I hate to
even use the word p d o d o right but in
that world Panda has great meaning I'm
not going to tell you what the meaning
is trust me you don't want you don't
want to don't look it up if I could ask
you for a favor take my word for it
panda do have a deep meaning in that
world of P stuff don't look it up just
don't look it up just trust me don't
look it
up
um now I'm not sure that anybody was
thinking that like I don't necessarily
believe that that was an intentional
message but what would the other thing a
panda
suggest
China if you wanted to send the message
that China owned you and your Joe
Biden you would have your wife dress as
a giant
panda message received got it yeah China
runs the presidency so I don't think the
panda Choice could have been worse since
the only two things that makes me think
of is communist China and the other
thing so that
happened um
what what was Nicole shannan's exact
quote was the parading of Jill Biden in
the panda suit yesterday right in front
of our eyes what the hell is this
mockery no more so she's I think she's
calling it out directly
now is there a gigantic pedophile
Network running the
world I've been hearing about this for
years and I've always discounted it I
always said to myself well obviously ly
there you know there going to be bad
people in any large group of people and
you'll hear about the bad ones more than
you hear about the good ones because the
good ones are not making news so yes
probably there's lots of stories about
famous celebrities and politicians who
did things illegal in the sexual realm
but it can't be some big
organized
thing and I'm still not on the page that
the there's a giant organized satanic
pedophile Network that is the real power
in the
country I am however promoting it
to
maybe so if you're wondering where I'm
at
maybe it it is H and I'm going to I'm
going to make an analogy to uh one of my
favorite Joe Rogan's uh takes
it's my personal belief that we have
landed on the moon and that it was not
faked but as Joe Rogan said we've seen
so many things that we thought were true
that are not true that that it makes the
moon landing seem like it's in
question and to me that's hilarious
especially if it makes you mad and
especially if you're positive that the
moon landing is real right I still love
it because the comment is not even about
the moon Landing the comment is that the
what we consider ordinary or true has
moved so much that even the moonlanding
has to now be questioned now that part I
just love but the question of whether
it's real or not I I think it's real far
as I know
but we have the same question the same
problem with the giant pedophile Network
running the
government I don't think it's
real but the the number of signals that
are
raging I can't not see them I mean I
mean they're pretty right out there
right in front of you there are
references to pizza and hot dogs that I
don't understand in any other context I
don't know what under other context it
could
mean so once you've got the PDD
situation coming out and the Epstein
situation coming out and then you see
Jill Biden dressed as a panda
maybe and again I'm using I'm saying
maybe in the same way that Joe Rogan was
doing it it's not really a question
about the pedophile Network it's more
about reality has moved so much that
what I would have considered absurdly
unlikely is now right in the middle
of
maybe let let me tell you I'm keeping an
eye on it
there there was a time when I wouldn't
have clicked on a story on that topic
because I was like ah but now I'll
look I'll give it a
look anyway um let's see what else
happened
uh uh so Joe Biden nibbled on babies if
you didn't see it well You' just have to
see it it was multiple babies one at a
time he interacted with them and he put
their feet in his mouth more than once
he put the baby's feet in his
mouth
now if you were worried about a giant
pedophile Network and you saw a man
whose wife was dressed as a panda and he
was nibbling on
babies I don't
know I'm going to
say
maybe
maybe um and then you've got uh Biden
calling Trump supporters garbage and
then you've got the White House altering
the transcript so it didn't look like
you said that which would be a
crime um then you've got uh the best
surrogate for the Harris campaign Mark
Cuban who called women who support Trump
weak and
dumb I think that's my favorite one so
Mark Cuban you know kind of steps into
the breach because they're they really
aren't that
um many Democrats were as good at
communicating so I think he was helping
for a
while and uh I'm going to say this about
that um what he said about basically he
said that you know Trump um must be
afraid of strong smart women because
he's never never ever has them around
him now here's how I interpreted that I
just interpret it as trash
talk I I didn't interpret that as a he
did a
survey I don't think he was giving IQ
tests and you know I don't think he made
a list on a spreadsheet and say h let's
see the ones are closest to him where
did they go to school no I think it was
just trash talk and and I would say that
it's trash talk that sounds more like
the NBA like if you came from the NBA I
imagine their style of trash talk might
be a little more off the cuff like
whatever it is that makes you miss the
foul shot is good trash talk in politics
you're going to get fact checked you
don't get fact checked if you know if
Michael Jordan tells somebody that
there's and they're going to miss
their next shot there's no fact checking
you can literally say whatever will make
them miss the shot and get in their
heads so when I was watching Mark Cuban
come up with the the ridiculous notion
that Trump doesn't associate with with
strong women of course like every one of
you immediately the images of all the
strong women that he does associate with
all the time you know jumps into my head
and I'm I'm thinking of the
counterfactuals but I suspect without
being a mind reader that uh that the
worlds of trash talking got
conflated something that would have that
that would have been a great NBA you
know trash talk with no factchecking
just to get inside somebody's head that
didn't
work that that didn't work when it
becomes the headline for a
week so I do not
believe that if you talked privately to
Mark Cuban that he would say yes 100% of
all females who talk to Trump are weak
and dumb no he does not believe that in
the real world was it something that
just occurred to him like trash talk yes
and I think the same thing happened with
with Biden when he did his inartful oh
only his Trump supporters or garbage I
think it's just because his brain
connected the word garbage and he just
thought he could be clever but he failed
at being clever I mean it didn't mean
much it's not like if you if if you talk
to Biden privately and you could give
him a truth pill do you think he would
tell you that all Trump supporters are
garbage no of course of course not he
doesn't believe that it just sounded
like a like a funny thing to say but it
didn't work out so I think I think that
the you know the the
gaffs are not real but having lived
through every uh rupar edit you know the
finding people Oaks and on and on and on
the fact that Republicans are treating
these like they're absolutely true and
saying exactly what Democrat said well I
heard it with my own voice I heard it
with my own ears hey here's the tape
there it is they're saying it it must be
true I love it I absolutely love that
the Democrats are being taken down by
rupar edits in the last week of the
election let me say it again if there's
one thing I love about this election
it's that the last week before the vote
the Democrats are getting taken down by
rupar
edits
perfect perfect
thank you the only thing I want more
than that is to find some major election
shenanigans that they
catch and then I've got it all that that
that'll be that's running the table
that's a that's a Full House give it to
me all but man I'm happy about these
rupar
edits all right uh but on the positive
side uh K Harris did get a endorsement
from Bruce
Springstein who referred to her as uh
Cala so that was that was the good news
she had for the week endorsed by an old
rock star who didn't really know her
name so there's
that uh here are some things that Hara
said today she said that Trump will ban
abortions not true he said the opposite
um Nationwide he said the opposite he
says stop access to birth control not
true he said the opposite threaten IVF
not true he says he's a huge supporter
of IVF wants more of it and he would
follow a project
2025 not true he's not he's not even
related to it so Harris has gone just
complete lies now do you think the CNN
will report wow she just told four
gigantic Whoppers in a row no they won't
of course not
so
uh uh Jake
Tapper whenever he makes news it's never
a good thing uh so he's going Jake
Tapper is going after RFK Jr because
Trump said that he might let RFK Jr go
wild on health health care um in the
government in terms of the agencies that
are in charge of healthcare and uh and
Jake has to do uh all of the News hosts
are becoming Bad actors and actresses I
think everybody who does news hosting
probably at one point wanted to be in
school plays and thought maybe I could
be an actor but then they got got into
the news business instead but watching
uh uh Jake try to do the worried look
when he talks about RFK junr he does the
eyebrows and then they does the wrinkled
forehead and he wants you to know by
just the
expression that this is a very bad man
this RFK Jr and how in the world people
look at my forehead don't listen to my
words look at my forehead do you see
these eybrows these eyebrows tell you
you can't trust RFK Jr to help your
health look at my
eyebrows so that's
funny
um speaking of Elections uh according to
Jack Montgomery in the National pulse
the Texas Attorney General is opening a
criminal investigation into Dominion
voting systems this is not me saying
this this is me reading what Jack
Montgomery said in the National pulse
don't sue me don't sue me I don't know
what this is about or if there's any any
uh data to back it but it's
happening
um did you see J Vance on Joe
Rogan Apparently one of the clips that
sound is they were discussing uh how men
who are healthier and have more
testosterone are more likely to be
conservative they actually talked about
that and they speculated that meta CEO
Mark Zuckerberg might be a secret Trump
supporter because he's built up his body
and he's taking martial arts and that
that change alone might be enough to
change your body chemistry to turn you
into a
conservative um and Rogan said there are
very few things that will turn you into
a conservative more than martial arts
training and Vance said have you seen
all these studies that basically connect
testosterone levels in young men with
conservative politics uh maybe that's
why Democrats want us all to be you know
poor poor health and overweight because
it means there's going to be more
liberals uh uh if you make people less
healthy they apparently become more
politically
liberal uh my secret theory is that Zuck
is now a trump supporter but I can't say
it I forget which one said that but they
probably both thought
it um so that brings me back to the cast
of The Avengers who as Tim young pointed
out look like they had terminal
illnesses and who do they
support just who you think now let's
pick uh randomly somebody who's uh
muscular and in good health let's say
Dana White who sees
sport oh yeah Trump
Trump all right this is very anecdotal
it's not Based on data but it's fun it's
only a few days before the election
we're not trying to be unbias
today um RFK Jr again has a away with
words and he told the crowd I guess
yesterday I asked God for 19 years to
put me in a position to end the chronic
disease epidemic and in August he sent
me Donald
Trump God he's
good so good
you can imagine what the crowd did you
imagine imagine the prot Trump crowd
when he said that that God sent him
Donald
Trump wow but I gotta
say everything about the Trump campaign
looks like
fate do you see it
too I can't in my mind imagine him
losing the vote now we'll talk about
what will happen cuz winning the vote
doesn't mean you become president
but uh it it certainly looks like the
Fate has decided who's going to be
president I mean just every signal is in
the same direction as far as I can
tell anyway um another thing the RFK Jr
said was that quote the CIA and the
neocons wrote K Harris's speech at the
Democrat convention and I thought really
and that's kind of a wild
speculative not backed by any data kind
of thing to say really you think the CIA
and the neocons wrote her speech at the
Democrat convention and then I see Mike
Ben weigh in on it he goes they
literally had CIA director Leon Panetta
as a warm-up speaker for C Harris and I
thought oh yeah apparently he's the apex
predator of you know that world and uh
yeah that would send a strong signal
wouldn't
it strong
signal uh according to Har meet Dylan
Pennsylvania and
Arizona uh are being accused of some
illegal voter
registrations and there is one entity in
particular that's apparently getting
paid for reg registering people and they
may have registered people who are not
exactly eligible to vote so the same
organization I guess field
corpse uh this is paid around $3 million
by Arizona Democrats and they may have
collected
some some voters who are not eligible to
vote is the
accusation Liz Haring Harrington talking
about Maricopa
County says that the passwords on the
Maricopa County's election systems quote
can be readily determined by
unauthorized users with a click of a few
key stru
R oh okay Maricopa is like 2third of all
the votes in Arizona Arizona is a
critical State and the passwords are not
secure so we've got uh we've got issues
of non-voters unrolls we've got issues
of some entity collecting non voters to
vote we've got issues with passwords
that seem to be public and we've got uh
some lawsuit against Dominion in
Texas how many thousands of lawyers do
you think are going to be working on
Election related claims on both
sides
thousands thousands how many of them
want to find nothing none they all want
to find something if you put a thousand
uh lawyers into any domain and say uh
your job is to find problems do you
think they'll find any I think they will
so
um let's talk about a few more things
I'm going to pull pull a bunch of
stories together at the end uh Trump
says on homeschooling he wants to give
uh parents 10,000 per year uh credit I
guess on their taxes to pay for
homeschool and to ensure that they get
same access to stuff like athletic
programs and school activities and
education trips and more now some of
these last minute offers seem like
they're just buying
votes um so we don't know how many of
these might ever actually happen but I
kind of like it I mean you know you're
going to have to do something to deal
with the national debt you can't just
give everybody some tax breaks so if
there's a way to pay for it and that
would I guess Elon musk's uh ability to
get the uh budget under control will be
tested but I'd like it sounds like a
good idea it's good good
politically um Tucker
Carlson has a uh theory about why the
Deep State hates Trump so much and I saw
on the George account on X talking about
this and this is what Tucker said he
said that had never occurred to me until
Trump came that that the real reason the
Deep State hates him is because they are
guilty of
crimes in other words the people in
power can't uh handle a populist
president because the populous president
has no bribery or history to keep all
the other criminals where they are so
only a populist with the backing of the
public could ever hurt any of the
embedded people who were the bad people
who have been bad forever so they
actually think they could go to jail so
when he said I'm going to clean the
swamp they
basically tried to kill them in my
opinion no way to prove it but I think
they tried to kill him um and that
according to Tucker the grifters knew
the jig was up and if they let him in um
they're in trouble and uh Tucker points
out to to bolster his point that the
Deep State people are all
criminals I'm exaggerating of course not
they're not all criminals but he points
out that 8 8 out of 10 of the richest
suburbs in the country are in around
Washington DC
and they don't make
anything okay that tells me everything I
need to know so the people who are
around the most movements of money are
also the richest although they produce
nothing what else do you need to
know they have the most millionaires and
they produce nothing
except a uh what is it $6 trillion a
year of your tax money and then another2
trillion on top of it that you're on the
hook to pay for but isn't really in the
tax money so $8 trillion a year is eight
or nine trillion a year flow through
that town and they're stealing enough of
it that they're all living like
Millionaires and producing
nothing that's a good
point all right let's do a update on the
fake
news uh well we talked about most of
these
um oh the new fake news is Trump said
that uh and this is a rupar this is one
of those taken out of context to change
the meaning uh Trump on Liz chanie quote
let's put her with a rifle standing
there with nine barrels shooting at her
now if you heard that an of context
which of course rupar himself just did
an of context it's funny that you know I
named it a rupar a few years ago a rupar
edit is named after somebody named rupar
and he is famous for cutting off
meaningful parts of quotes so that when
you see it out a context like the fine
people hoax it it looks like the
opposite of what it was so he's done
that again as of as did a bunch of other
Democrats they all know the trick now so
if you saw this alone wouldn't you be
kind of worried about Trump let's put
her with a rifle standing there with
nine barrels shooting at her does that
sound like a a called to killer or
something here's the actual ual
context the actual context was that
she's in favor of a lot of Wars but she
doesn't have to serve in the war so in
other words she's not the one who has
nine guns pointed at her she's the one
who gets to sit at home and tell other
people to have nine guns pointed at her
if she were the one who had the nine
guns pointed at her in the context of a
war she might think differently of War
now is that a threat no
it says that there are soldiers they
have nine guns pointed at them they
would have a different view of War than
someone who doesn't have nine guns
pointed at him maybe if he did have nine
guns pointed at you in the context of
War you'd feel the same as somebody else
now of course Trump says things that can
easily be taken out of context and you
know you have to you have to say maybe
there's a better way to do
that but um that's the fake news of the
day but then Liz Cheney weighs in
and what I thought was funny is that
they've made up so many hoaxes about
Trump now that when they refer to Trump
they can only do it with runon sentences
so listen to how long she had to make
this sentence because they have so many
hoaxes now so Liz Cheney hitting back
she says this is how dictators destroy
free Nations they threaten those who
speak against them with death of course
that didn't happen we cannot entrust our
country our freedom to a petty
vindictive cruel unstable man who wants
to be a tyrant oh that's a lot of
stuff okay he wants to be a dictator to
destroy free
Nations uh he wants to kill the people
disagree with them um he wants to
freedom to be a petty vindictive cruel
unstable man wants to be a tyrant that's
a lot of stuff you know they really
should have condensed their their fake
news down to like two or three seven
things is just too much
anyway Elon musk's mother may musk
explains why she left the Democratic
party and this might sound familiar to
you she said when I became a US citizen
I lean Democratic they seemed like the
good kind of people the good kind people
and then she said I watched CNN MSNBC
and read the New York Times believing
Republican were
terrible makes
sense uh then she says but when they
started lying about Elon I realized I
needed to question everything there it
is there it is Gilman
Amnesia as I teach you often he was the
physicist who realized that when he read
stories about physics he knew they were
fake because he was an expert but as
soon as he read something about let's
say geopolitical things in another
country he just assumed the news was
real and that it was just always wrong
when he knew it was real
but always right or at least they were
trying to be right in other domains but
if you see enough times when it's right
every time you know the
truth then you become like may like May
musk and you see the pattern you go wait
a minute what are the odds that
everything about Elon Musk stories are
fake but all the rest of the news is
real and and then that unlocks the key
so that's the the first way to
unlock your cell your mental cell is Gan
Amnesia once you realize that the thing
you know about is always wrong and you
can generalize that then you understand
news so you need
that
um so I'm going to say something about
uh the ayatolla and then I'm give give
you my prediction for the outcome of the
race because I know you're all waiting
for that so apparently the supreme
leader Ayatollah Kam
Kami their names are too similar I'll
just call him the supreme leader um he
told officials to prepare for another
attack against Israel according to the
New York
Times
now I think it's very considerate of the
supreme leader to plan his attack on
Israel a few days before the elections
because it's the only time in the
history of the
world where Israel will have a free pass
to do a decapitation
strike and take him out literally the
best week of all time if they were going
to do it now I'm not saying they
should I'm not even predicting they will
I'm simply saying that if I were the
supreme leader of in Iran and it were a
few days before the American election
which is going to take all of our
attention I would be really worried that
if Iran had the or if Israel had the
ability to do a decapitation strike and
take out the supreme leader that that
would be exactly the time to do it
because America just we're just not
going to be interested we will be
completely uninterested in
Israel for a few days and maybe longer
depending on what happens so I'm not
predicting it and I'm not recommending
it but am I wrong that there would never
be another week that would be a better
time to do
it do you see that
too because it to me it's just sort of
screaming out like well if you're going
to do
it this would be the week to do it I'm
not saying you should I don't recommend
it but it would be the week to do
it all right let me give you my
prediction uh I believe that Trump will
win the most votes I believe he will win
the popular vote I believe he'll win uh
at least five and of seven maybe seven
and of seven of the Swing States I do
not believe that he will be given the
victory I believe that there will be
Shenanigans and I believe that there
will be thousands of claims of fraud
thousands now will those thousands be
real
probably not most of them I would bet
that almost all almost all the claims
will be fake and that there are small
problems or they might be real problems
but it's you know a dozen votes doesn't
change anything so I think there will be
so many claims and so many of them will
have sworn
affidavits and maybe video like really
good evidence that there's something
going on that may actually turn out not
to be
uh criminal after all but on the surface
you're going to see pictures and videos
and signed affidavits and
lawyers that look like it's the most
rigged faked election ever but here's
the thing it's going to be both
directions the if if Trump gets the most
votes the Democrats are going to say Hey
you must have
cheated and vice versa so they're both
going to say that the other way cheated
wherever the other one did
well but because of the timing of things
and because we have to have our
president um certified by January 6 and
it's a
holiday in between there isn't really
any chance that the courts could work
out all these
problems so what are they going to do if
you have thousands of credible claims
and the Constitution says we don't care
on January 6 you're going to certify a
president what do you
do well if you're the Democrats here's
what you do you have the Press cover for
whatever you want to do so the Press
would say the election is fake the you
know this these numbers can't be real uh
Trump is a insurrectionist so even
though he had got the most votes uh um
the the uh let's say the Democrats won
the house by one vote uh they decide to
uh make him in ineligible or let's say
the vice president just doesn't sign the
because it would be Harris let's say she
doesn't certify even though the law says
now they changed the law so that she has
to certify no matter
what so I think that we will have
unsolvable
problems and then what are you going to
do so I think that the uh left has the
power to change the entire um mental
process of the country with fake news uh
I believe they've done it before so I
believe they can make any claim
whatsoever I do also believe that um if
Trump
wins uh or if he gets the most votes
that the there will be Street protests
and that they will be organized by our
own government
and it will be basically a c attempt at
that point at that point I think it
would just be full C CP attempt I think
there's a chance they would take another
shot at him there might be another
assassination attempt um but here's the
thing I don't expect the courts are
going to be helpful because they won't
have time and they they won't be
standing and a lot of the a lot of the
cases they just won't have enough votes
that make the difference just way too
hard not enough time so there'll be
thousands of claims so the country will
not
believe whoever
wins but the news will form a narrative
of who won and eventually they will be
able to sell that narrative and they
will punish people who disagree with it
we know they can do it because they're
doing it right now they're punishing the
January 6 people for disagreeing so if
you can put people in jail for
disagreeing and they can you can take
people off of platforms for saying
things that are false and you can
you can jail people for whatever
claims you want and you
can I don't see how Trump can become
president because if you can wear the
panda
outfit as Nicole says right out front
you're not worried about getting caught
for anything right now I don't know if
that Panda thing is real I'm just using
it as my hyperbolic example
but I think we're going to have a trump
get the most votes I think that we don't
know who the president will be and I
don't think we'll have an answer by
January
6 I do think the Supreme Court will make
the
decision but that will be the final
straw for the Democrats to say the
Supreme Court is
illegitimate and at that point they can
put enough people in the
streets to basically over
rule the government the law and anything
they want so here's what I
think um I would get some food supplies
because there could be some disruptions
in the supply chain so I'd put in a
little food I'd get a little extra water
if you've got a backup generator or
battery make sure that's working get it
all charged up now I don't expect the
end of the
world uh I think we're a self-correcting
and that it might take a
month and but we'll work it out you know
one way one way or the other it'll it'll
get worked out but we might have some
disruptions in our daily life I don't
think the odds are high I give it a 20%
chance that electricity will go off in
my
state um but you know that could be just
because we're so poorly managed
so my prediction is that we don't have
an answer by January 6 so I think I'm
the only one predicting nobody wins we
will have a president so there will be
there will be a peaceful transfer so I
do predict a peaceful
transfer but we're not going to know by
January 6 I don't think there's any
chance of it uh there is a possibility
it's a
doover I wouldn't rule out a doover
because if it comes down to let's say
two counties let's say there let's say
there are a thousand clay
but only two of them are big enough that
they would have changed the election
let's say there's one big claim in
Maricopa and let's say there's one big
claim in
Pennsylvania and and if it were found
that those two claims were valid then it
would reverse it under that
condition you could imagine that the
Supreme Court would hit it with a ton of
bricks you know and the the everybody
would bring every resource to really you
know do a month of of work what would
normally take a year could be done could
be done and the very best the very best
outcome the outcome that I would like
more than any
other is not just that Trump gets
elected I'd love
that I want him to get elected at the
same time he proves our election system
is
rigged I want him to have both
I want his third act to be the greatest
third
Act of all time and unless he gets
Victory on proving the election was also
rigged in 2020 because if you if you
prove that it was rigged this year
hypothetically people would accept that
it was rigged before they wouldn't even
need to see the evidence and and people
are watching this time so I'd say the
odds of a credible claim in Maro
and at least one more credible claim it
doesn't have to be in Pennsylvania but
it could if it focus on just maybe two
of
them and they can put enough attention
on them that gets you everything it gets
you Trump gets you RFK Jr it gets you
Elon Musk it gets you Tulsi it gets you
V it gets you
me and it gets you the third act and
maybe
fixing the election system
forever and so ladies and gentlemen I
give you the following proposition
there's a 20% chance it's going to get a
little
ugly but we'll get through it you won't
die we'll get through it we're going to
yell and we're going to scream and we're
going to question things and we're going
to tear things up but if there's one
thing we do well in this country and I'm
I'm always proud of America we can we
can tear down really well if we
need to tear down the election system to
fix it we'll do it we're just not there
yet we just need to be convinced and be
on the same page if if what this
election gives us is the certainty that
the election system was not
designed with the Integrity it needed to
be and I'm sure it's not but if we can
all get on that page and all agree that
we either need to go back to paper
ballots or do something
drastic the golden age will be
unlocked and we're almost
there we're almost there so ladies and
gentlemen I submit to you that we've
been in a dark dark tunnel for several
years pandemic didn't do us well and
things didn't look so great during the
Biden
Administration but everything you need
is waiting for
you it's waiting for you you got to vote
you got to get your neighbor to vote all
you
secret Trump
supporters it's
time it's
time it's time to do
it
and if we can save the
country and I think we can it's this
week and what happens for the next few
weeks after that but this is the
beginning of it so this is real test
America can you do
it are you still
America do you still have enough
testosterone left do you still have
enough fight
left do you still have enough
bravery do you have the
guts do you have the duty do you have
the respons
possibility I think you
do and so on that message I'm going to
kick off you weekend I'm going to say a
few words to the people on uh locals the
subscribers and for the rest of you I've
enjoyed uh this time together as I
always do so if you're on Ax or rumble
or YouTube I'll see you tomorrow same
time same place locals coming at you
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e