but it boom bum-bum-bum-bum-bum
well I'm up early today and I'm hoping
the some of you are up earlier at least
available and with all
I'm just hoping with all luck you have
your coffee because if you do you know
what time it is it's time for a coffee
with Scott Adams and the simultaneous if
you've only got five more seconds to
grab your beverage for the best sip of
the day here it comes oh man you know
the audience that sips together slips
together hips together there's nothing
that works with that good morning from
Windham whoever said that so I just saw
a news article that the headlines said
that the sex is good for your memory and
the way that they tested this was they
they had old people who have you know
more likely to have memory problems and
they said you know did you have sex and
then the ones who had sex more
frequently they tested their memory and
they had better memory now what's the
first thing you think when you see that
study or you hear that study let me let
me give you a habit that's good to get
into whenever you see a study that says
hey we think this causes this first
thing you should do is flip them around
and ask yourself well wait a minute
could it work the other way it could it
be that that the causation is backwards
because quite often you can you can tell
us yourself a story in which the
causation is backwards now I doubt the
researchers got this backwards so I'm
not claiming this is what happened but
it was funny because I thought to myself
how exactly do you track whether old
people had sex you know watch them
right you're not watching them have sex
you're asking them hey old people did
you have sex recently now how do people
answer if they have a bad memory
now what's this weak sex no I don't
think so I don't think I had sex this
week so okay so I'm saying this
humorously just to make a bigger point
could it be that's people with bad
memories are the ones who don't remember
having sex recently now I I would like
to think that the researchers controlled
for that and and they had some way
around it but the point is you always
have to ask yourself does it work the
other way around because if it does
maybe you're not seeing quite the way
it's been reported all assume the
researchers got to right in this case
but it's the right question could it
work in Reverse so I was looking at an
article in the hill I believe was by
Juan Williams and he was making the case
that the president is clearly a racist
because of the pattern there's a pattern
and he sees a pattern and he says that
pattern well that's a pattern that can't
be wrong thing number one on his list of
reasons that fit the pattern is the tax
cut as Juan explained the tax cut
disproportionately helps rich white
people now you could argue whether
that's true or false that it
disproportionately helps rich white
people I would say it's probably true
that it helps rich people because rich
people pay more so if they get any
percentage of cut it's a bigger dollar
bill so on that basis it's probably a
true statement ahem but here's the thing
I'm a rich white guy I think my taxes
because my specific situation are going
to go up you don't need to know the
details but in my specific case I
probably are not I'm not going to
benefit but suppose I did
suppose I was one of those rich people
who got a
tax break how much does that help the
poor white people so if you're a poor
white person do you look at the rich
people who are not you and say to
yourself yes
white people white people got a tax
break do you say that if you're not one
of them or do you say to yourself I
think I'm one of them 99% of the people
who are not rich who did not get a tax
break but oh good news good news people
with my same pigmentation got a tax
break yes yes yay whoa whoa whoa
people who look similar to me but are
not me and will not give me any money
whatsoever and can't help me in any
possible way got a tax cut so that's
good for me I feel sorry for those poor
black and brown people who are also not
that guy who got the tax break because
they got nothing
unlike me poor white guy here if you're
coming in late I'm not talking about
myself
uh-huh poor white guy I'm looking at
those rich people got those big tax
breaks and I'm thinking you poor suckers
who are also poor like me if you're
brown or black some other color I wish
you could have the great feeling I get
knowing they're complete strangers who
share my pigmentation got a tax break
good for me come on that's not even good
thinking people people now you might not
be surprised to know that one we're
going to let to list some other things
that were fake news and take it out of
context and other things and what he
when he was done he had this whole list
of things they clearly fit the pattern
here's a claim that I've been making it
for a while
people are really bad at recognizing
patterns the problem is we think we're
good at it do you know our racism is
largely a thing pattern recognition
people think they see a pattern and then
they say well that pattern must mean
something so then they're they
discriminate against elbonian x' or
whoever they're discriminate against but
those patterns don't meet as much as we
would think that they might mean or they
mean nothing at all or they're
completely misleading we can't tell the
difference
we humans are terrible at pattern
recognition let me give you a concrete
example that just happened you know you
all watched the roseanne situation in
which she called Valerie Jarrett the
looked like a cross between Muslim
Brotherhood and Planet of the Apes and
people said that there's racist because
you would not you would not say that
about a a white person and then other
people found an older tweet rather than
how many years ago about Susan Rice in
which it said she was like a man with
big swinging eight balls and the person
on Twitter said look you got this Susan
Rice thing there's a monkey reference
you've got the Valerie Jarrett thing
there's a there's an ape reference
there's a pattern people there's a
pattern black people a preferences from
the same to the Twitter person how can
that be an accident look at the pattern
people how many of you said to yourself
pattern here's what I saw I saw Rosanna
thinking that Valerie Jarrett was not
black and using an ape reference and I
saw her making a reference about Susan
Rice who apparently is black I don't
know I don't make any assumptions about
people's race but I'm I'm gonna assume
there's some in there and so I say well
there's a person she thought was white
and a person she presumably thought was
black or at least Bart black or at least
brown or something
so the pattern is that she uses it for
people she just makes monkey references
and that would fit my experience that
white people make monkey references all
the time I told you that I made a monkey
reference recently that I didn't realize
until I said oh I was talking about
China being the big gorilla in the room
and I and I immediately took it back ty
said oh I don't want to I don't want to
make any animal references to anybody
who wasn't me and then I was just
cleaning up some comics I was submitting
for Dilbert and I realized I once again
made some other a poor monkey reference
not about anybody of any ethnicity it
was just I'd make a lot of monkey
references in fact I've had monkeys and
monkeys and monkey references fairly
frequently in Dilbert and none of it had
any racial overtones people use monkey
references monkeys are fun I like
monkeys in fact of all the animals
monkeys are some of the best monkeys are
awesome and because they have you know
that some DNA in common with humans it
makes more sense that we use monkeys
more than elephants more than you know
Cougars or whatever else
monkeys are awesome so the pattern I see
is that people use monkey references all
the time and if you see the other
pattern that's my evidence that I
present to you that we're terrible at
pattern recognition because we're
looking at the same thing you're seeing
yani I'm saying Laurel my pattern meet
is meaningful to me your pattern is
meaningful to you when we come to
opposite conclusions so patterns very
much like history repeats not true
history literally never repeats it can't
because all the all the variables are
different now yeah if only because
history did something before it makes us
more wary of it happening again the odds
of history repeating as a real thing I
mean it's just superstition history does
not repeat there are things that people
do over and over again
so people are a little bit predictable
by history doesn't repeat and analogies
are terrible they're not thinking they
just feel like it analogies are sort of
like patterns as well it's a special
case of a pattern so if you're making
your argument based on a pattern based
on an analogy or based on history
repeats that's all magical thinking okay
now if you wanted to not be the subject
of someone else's bad pattern
recognition let's say you said to
yourself hey I'm a trump supporter of
just as an example and I don't want
people to have bad pattern recognition
and think that that you personally are
racist because they see some pattern of
Republican behavior what would you do
how would you how do you get out from
underneath that that incorrect
assumption the bad pattern recognition
which is said well these other Trump
pers supporters said something that I'll
like so there's the pattern I guess
they're all like that I can only think
of one thing that would make a
difference which is do something useful
all right try to do something that
violates the pattern so instead of
saying the pattern doesn't exist say
instead that you'll do something that's
so clearly violates the pattern that the
person who was seeing it before or has
to a question and say well I know this
didn't fit my pattern so I don't know
what's going on here at least give me
some question to that point many of you
saw my periscope with Bill Polti who was
working on the urban blight the blight
Authority trying to get rid of urban
blight tearing down run-down places in
inner cities mostly Detroit Pontiac that
the area for now would look to spread
that program that works really well and
it made me think all day yesterday about
things to do with that land that
apparently bills getting all kinds of
emails and contacts from people
volunteering and offering to help in one
way or another and we bill and I were
talking about you know what could we do
to harness that so we're having that
conversation but well I wanted to run
past you one idea I had it just let you
percolate on this a little bit one of
the big problems in the urban areas is a
lot of single parents more single
mothers I would imagine than single dads
but a lot of single parents and there's
also of course an employer employment
problem and there's a childcare problem
and you know crying problem and all
these things and I was trying to figure
out what could you do with these big big
Kentucky contiguous swaths of land that
bill pulled a in his and his urban
blight project have have made clear so
that you could build something from
scratch what would you put there and I
had an idea I wanted to run past you
just to just to get some feedback what
about building reasonably-priced let's
say inexpensive homes using all the best
technologies so that they they have good
you know energy efficiency and all that
stuff but what if you designed them so
that each of these homes had a little
work space that could be an office or a
place to meet clients with a separate
entrance so it's just one room of your
doesn't have to be big could be a condo
light situation but you've got one
separate dedicated space and maybe it's
plumbed maybe it's got a separate
bathroom and exit and you would use that
for whatever kind of business you could
do at home so for example you could be
anything from architect to a hairdresser
you could do you could be doing nails it
could be massage therapists you could be
a parole officer that you know people
come in to me any kind of low traffic
situation where you have maybe one
client at it
and they're there for a while so you
don't have a lot of traffic of strangers
so so imagine that the only people who
move into these units other people who
have a use for it so this way mom can
work at home the kids in the next room
anybody who goes to this business
understands that that the person working
it may have to you know may have to make
a sandwich or something so just so you
know that that's the kind of business
you're going to yeah so imagine that an
imagine that their bill also for you
know you could do childcare you could
wash a dog you know you could be a pet
groomer you know there's almost infinite
numbers of businesses that could be in
your home with a separate door separate
bathroom and it wouldn't add that much
to the cost of the home but it would be
your source of income so you would
immediately have a source of income and
you could write it off in your taxes
right so the point would be to create
communities which first of all have lots
of external security cameras and some
kind of a efficiency around them so that
you know people are watching them so
you've got lower crime because
everybody's watching and then you've got
jobs and you've got a childcare kind of
worked into the system because you're
working a lot of people are working at
home but that here's the next idea my
this is just my personal situation the
best lifestyle I ever had was in the
worst place I ever lived so the worst
physical place I ever lived was a dorm
room that was his tiny little dorm room
in college in which I had a roommate so
I had like half of a small room and I
had to share a bathroom with you know 20
people on the floor or whatever so that
was the worst physical you know space
I've ever lived in but it was also the
best time of my life
in terms of enjoyment and mental
stimulation and everything else
the reason yes it was horribly college
and the reason it was so good is because
of the people and the situation so I was
surrounded by people who were
like me so I would walk out of my room
and there was being a single person
about my age who I had a lot in common
with so was the people that made the
space excellent now imagine if you would
that these communities try a little bit
as much as they can to get people who
work and play together well so for
example people with young kids or just
kids could be in one one group you know
one block another block might be more
younger single people yeah nobody gets
kicked down if they have a kid but the
idea is you start with people around you
who are you're going to interact with
who are somewhat like you yeah likewise
you would have a seniors place that
would have a little extra facilities so
you would start with the idea that you
that people when you put people who are
like people together they're going to be
happier regardless of the space if you
have a lot of parents with kids those of
you have kids already know this solves
all of these problems because you've got
the kids are there to play with
you've got other parents who can help
you babysit once in a while you can get
advice you can you can share things
there's hand-me-downs there's like a
million benefits of having people with
kids in you know in physically the same
area yeah you'd want to build so that
there would be a good place to walk your
dog and it would be safe etc now I see
each of these little pods again just
brainstorming here these pods being in
sort of a circular or or maybe a square
fashion with some kind of a public park
or meeting area in the centre so that
there's some reason that the people were
in the homes have a frequent reason to
come at home and interact with the other
people and that they're within a closed
space imagine if you will a literally
sort of a fenced in or or a place that
you couldn't get out unless you went
through security and then you could tell
your kid to just go outside and you
would have neighbors who would have
security cameras and nobody could get in
or out to the
the kid where where all of your kids are
without going through a security guard
so if you imagine all of these
technologies put together it's pretty
powerful now imagine if you will it's
Detroit somebody said that there's a low
there might be a low water table so
maybe tunneling doesn't work too well
depending on where you are I don't know
if that's true for Detroit but take this
as a general statement one of the
biggest problems if you're building in
in the north where Detroit is is it gets
really cold so imagine that you use your
your your Elon Musk tunneling boring
machine to not only build some
underground tunnels below it that gives
you your geothermal potential so
everybody can just circulate there the
air from their homes to these
underground tunnels the tunnels are
always around 56 degrees or whatever it
is what the underground temperature
stays the same and then that becomes a
way to vastly reduce the cost of your
heating and cooling now so so the tunnel
would help with your heating and cooling
it would make it easier to run lines
maybe there'd be some transportation
benefits or delivery services below
below ground something like that but
musk has also developed this plan to
turn the dirt from the tunnels into
bricks on site because taking dirt away
is very expensive so perhaps you build
the tunnel that creates the bricks which
you can build the homes from here's
another building idea when I built my
own home one of the things I learned is
that you would often have a room you'd
say oh I want this room to be 19 feet by
17 feet because you've decided that's
that's just what you've decided and then
you get your lumber to frame out the
house and the lumber is like I'm just
making these numbers up because 10 foot
pieces so - ten foot pieces don't equal
the 19 feet so you've got to cut off a
foot so instead of doing that you simply
build your room
the same dimensions as the materials
that you're likely to order so you just
buy a ten-foot pole and you have a
10-foot room etc or a 10-foot piece of
lumber the that that's not meant to be a
real example by the way I know the the
length of a piece of wood is not the
length of the room but you get the point
if you make the rooms even even
increments of what your materials are
nobody has to cut anything and that's a
big deal
because labor is a big deal suppose you
design the rooms you know as perfect
rooms you start with the furniture first
that's how you design a house by the way
you desert you start with the furniture
all right here are the things that I
would like to have in a room and then
you have to figure out how big the room
is and what shape it is and then you
take a bunch of the rooms you design and
you you see how they fit together
so you've good so here's my problem with
3d printed homes
I think 3d printed homes to start with
the technology and then they say what's
the best we can do with this 3d thin
home and so they can build a home but
I'll bet it's not what you want to live
in so I would say that we should not
shoot for inexpensive we should shoot
for the best home you could possibly
live in something that's as good as the
lifestyle I experienced in college even
though the living the living expense was
low so I think anytime you start with
the technology first you have you're
limited in building a perfect home
because you're trying to use the
technology and the technology can only
do what it does yeah yeah 3d homes are a
little bit starting with a solution and
trying to move toward a problem but I
think they're early on yeah so it might
be prefab walls it might be something
like that but you know if you live in
just a normal home with normal drywall
walls it's a boring little home and so
and you got to paint the walls
there's a lot of problems with it so we
could probably do a lot better somebody
is saying that do what they do in
Jamaica with shipping containers I use
that as another example of the
technology before the solution so
shipping containers as really as much
about what do we do with these shipping
containers as it is about what's the
best way to build a house so I think you
don't start with 3d printing don't start
with shipping containers start with a an
open mind and say if I were gonna live
in this place what would I want it to be
you know he doesn't have to be gigantic
but it's got to be pretty good let me
show you a here's a technique I built
into my house don't think you can see it
might be able to point you toward it
let's see do you okay can't really tell
but if you see over there there's the
entry to my office you'll note that you
can't see the door because the door is
it goes out and there Jags and then it
turns before the door
I designed the office that way because
that little that little bend in the
entrance is a sound baffle and it works
so the sound from the rest of the house
goes into that little area and it
bounces around a little bit before I can
enter my room and it just takes a lot of
the noise off it could be better if it
was more irregular or if it had some
kind of you know acoustic padding in it
but the point is that if you make your
rooms with a little baffle entrance it
doesn't use much space but it allows you
to be pretty close to other people and
you can't hear them so they're just a
whole bunch of ideas that fit into that
category let me let me show you another
thing I'm just going to turn the camp
probably can't tell so that this is my
floor this is a ceramic tile so this
tile is so strong you could actually
just drop a hammer on it you could drop
red wine on it and it just
wipe it off with a cloth there's nothing
you could do to this that will actually
hurt it at least that I've discovered
now there's a little bit of maintenance
you have to seal it once in a while but
I'm not even sure that matters I've done
it but I don't think it matters so there
are materials that never have to be
cleaned I would never put a carpet in an
inexpensive home because the first thing
that happens is the carpet gets ruined
and then you you know the home value
just goes down nobody wants to look at
it nobody wants to live in it so there
are a whole bunch of things that you can
do to make the world a better place with
better housing and carpet off gasses
yeah and carpets off gas the other thing
I did with this house is the paint is
all a low vo see paint vo C refers to
the small particles that are always kind
of being released by paint if you use
regular paint you're breathing that
forever it's not good for your asthma
presumably I don't know what else is bad
for but I used the low VOCs everywhere
in this house so that so that volatile
organic compounds is vo C thank you and
so it's a very healthy house alright so
at some point I may be I may be asking
people for ideas and we may we may
collect them bill pull the bill pulled a
and I may collect your building ideas
but what we're figuring out the best way
to do that but let's let's capture some
creativity so back to my original point
there are people who might say you are a
bad person because I see this pattern of
people who are not you that's the other
weird thing that you must be bad because
I saw a pattern that involved other
people all right you can't really change
people's minds when they think they see
a pattern the only thing you can do is
violate
and hope that that's enough over time so
if you have a way to help in any in any
way helping people of color helping the
urban urban situations helping with
prison reform helping with retraining
helping with any of those things that
make a real difference in real people's
lives if you can do that go ahead and do
it because that was that's probably your
one and only path to a better world all
right yeah well you know what I mean
when I say people of color I'm not
saying that pink isn't a color let's
look at what other questions you have oh
I should tell you that I might I'll be
periscoping at a different time or times
for about a week so I'm gonna take a
little R&R I'll be in a different time
zone and so you might not see me in my
usual time depending on the time zone
we'll see who pays for all of this to be
determined personally you know I think I
would be willing to invest in low-cost
homes that have any potential for resale
or
or rent so it seems like you could turn
it into an investment opportunity but it
just requires somebody who knows how to
do that to put in work so it's the
private sector yeah I'm thinking private
sector exactly I'm not I'm not thinking
government for any of this the Syrian
president is going to North Korea I saw
something about that is that real I know
I have no idea why
chip Wade designs cool rooms well they'd
have to be affordable to all right looks
like everybody's meeting with North
Korea now that the the seal is broken
somebody said education is the key
here's the thing in urban areas
education probably is the key but you
can't get there if you have violence on
the bad a bad living situation and you
know the the parents the the one parent
is working and you know can't be around
so you need to fix the environment to
fix education they're sort of pretty
pretty related all right
why did I somebody asked why did I skip
from skipping some days to talking about
persuasion I don't know exactly what
that question means but I think you mean
why am I talking about persuasion on all
of my but you know all of my periscopes
because people like it so it's more of a
more of a demand thing all right I think
that's it for now
I will talk to you again sometime soon
have a great day