check the stock market while you're all
streaming in here see how that looks the
market itself is
up and Tesla is Apple's
up bitcoin's down a little bit Tesla's
up strong
3.6% rumble's up three nid is up a
little
bit well looks like things are looking
strong today but let's get our comments
going and then we'll get give you the
show that you
deserve that's right not the one you've
earned the one you
deserve so many questions about
today all
right do I have the right one yeah all
right there's your comments
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams I'm sure you've never had a
better time in your whole life but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a CER M or a glass
of tank or chin the canteen Jer flask
vessel of inine fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee join me
now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine end of the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous zip and it happens that's
right right now
go oh
delicious all right the dillberg comic
will be published as soon as I'm done
with the show today had a little hiccup
in was a file problem but it's fixed and
uh you will be delighted at the uh
current topic Dilbert that's all I can
tell you you'll just be
delighted well let's talk about the news
uh the jaet crash with the helicopter in
DC is creating a massive fog of War as
in what the heck is going on and can we
trust the news and who's lying and
what's what so we'll give you a few of
the things we know there's some new
video
angles which would show to a non-pilot
such as myself it would look like it was
an easily avoidable problem because when
you see the video it looks like the
helicopter is heading straight for the
airplane had to be aware of it you know
seems like the visibility was good and
was also flying hundreds of feet higher
than
allowed with an instructor on board how
do you fly in illegal space in a crowded
area in illegal space it wasn't legal to
be where it was how do you do that with
an instructor on board in the context of
instructions so we got questions it it
may be that we have lots of things wrong
now countering the narrative that it was
easy to see which kind of suggests that
there was some intentionality there
that's not proven but uh I saw another
expert saying that if you think it's
easy
to spot airplanes coming you know toward
you it's harder than you think and it
depends on whether you're seeing their I
don't know the landing lights
are fitting in with the city lights uh
the direction are going whether or not
there's any lateral movement so
apparently there are situations in which
if you're looking at it from a distance
as we are you'd say to yourself how
could you not see that you're heading
right forward for I don't know five
seconds in a row 5 Seconds was a pretty
long time to not
react but if you were in the pilot seat
and especially if you are testing out
some night vision goggles the night
vision goggles will interfere with your
peripheral vision a little bit and
there's just a ton of things going on at
that particular airport and it was a
training flight so if you don't have the
the most trained person for a night
flight in that area
and there's a lot going on and it might
be just a coincidence of how the the
lights from the vehicles the vehicles
the aircraft lined up it's possible it
was nothing but a
mistake but even Trump is having trouble
believing that you could be flying
hundreds of feet above the altitude
that's legal and allowed when you're
you're an extreme rule following entity
I would think that a military aircraft
in this civilian space would be not just
a rule follower but an extreme rule
follower am I wrong I I can't imagine
anybody being more more extreme about
following every Rule and the the
altitude rule isn't like every rule
that's really really important the where
are you you can't get the where are you
wrong that's the most most important
thing where are you and you know in
relationship to the other planes so
there's certainly some question about
the uh intention of the pilot there's
questions about how could you possibly
do be doing something so out of the
norm um in terms of the altitude and
then there's talk about uh Trump of
course mentioned
Dei and he also mentioned that the
helicopter was now where it belonged it
was too high
and he said not too complicated to
understand is it well he's right about
one thing if you can see so clearly that
there was a mistake of
piloting
and you know Dei is sort of the Baseline
for a lot of our uh understanding of
what's wrong with the world doesn't mean
every single situation is a de problem
does not mean that the this is a Dei
problem what it does mean is that
whenever there's a system problem and
this this appears to be we're not sure
might be an individual problem but it
seems even more more likely there's a
system problem as in there were far too
few people working in the tower which
meant that uh one person was doing the
job of two in a number of cases so it's
the hardest airport the most dangerous
airport that's getting busier and more
complicated every day while the Staffing
the handles that is going down well the
Dei requirements are probably what keeps
them from Staffing up because if they
have to stick to the Dei rules they have
to say no to some large pool of people
who might have been you know qualified
so Dei definitely is crippling the
maximum effectiveness of any group
that's going hard at it we just don't
know if it affects some specific case so
I'm going to be I'm going to be as
scrupulous as I can in not saying that
the specific case is a Dei problem
unless we get to a point where it's
overwhelmingly obvious we are not there
however as of this morning I was unable
to identify for sure whether we even
know the names of the pilots in the
helicopter to know you know was there
any weird Dei thing happening that could
have had some element so as long as I
don't know as long as I don't
know I don't know so not knowing is okay
you don't have to have an opinion so I'm
going to hold hold my opinion on any Dei
stuff until we know what's happening now
some people said that the reason we
don't know the name of the third member
of the helicopter some are speculating
that it's a a trans pilot and that that
might be somehow connected to the main
the main mystery maybe it's a trans
maybe the trans was mad uh the trans
pilot was mad because uh Trump is going
to get rid of trans members of the
military and maybe it was a like a
terrorist attack or maybe it was a
suicide that's way too soon way too soon
so I'm not going to jump on that
bandwagon yet and if I had to
guess based on what people have told be
in the comments the reason that we don't
know the names of all three helicopter
Pilots is because only the families have
told us the first
two meaning that there might be one
family who just doesn't want to make it
public but that doesn't mean there's any
bad reason for it just means they don't
want to be public the military
itself uh apparently has not released
any of them now I need to fact check on
all of this because the news is so
unreliable in this fog of War Phase of
anything just so unreliable and social
media isn't much better or maybe worse I
don't even know uh so don't
trust anything that's about a specific
pilot I would say it's way too fast for
that now when Trump puts out the Dei red
meet there was a time when I would have
said oh Trump that's a mistake too soon
too soon
but you know I don't feel like that
anymore because I think Dei is such a
critical threat to the country that
every time you can bring it up to tell
people what a disaster it is and how
quickly we have to fix it I'm on board
with that now of course because politics
is Politics the slimy and hypocritical
Democrats decided that Trump bringing up
Dei while the disaster was still sort of
in its warm phase that it was too soon
and you know it was terrible and he's
being a terrible person because he's
politicizing a
tragedy now am I wrong that the people
criticizing him for politicizing a
tragedy are also politicizing the
tragedy and at the same time am I blind
and deaf and stupid because to me it
looks like they're doing actively doing
the thing they're complaining about it'
be like I'm going to complain about your
complaints nobody should be complaining
now God I hate it when people
complain um are you doing the thing are
you're doing the thing now you're doing
the
complaining about the
complaining that's not The High Ground
The High Ground is not complaining about
somebody's complaining during the
tragedy those are equally political
equally political and you know what when
the stakes are
high and this is life and death because
the Dei actually could kill
people um I'm not I don't have any
problem with politicizing the tragedy I
don't have any problem with it there are
definitely cases where politicizing a
tragedy is just wrong because there's no
real political element to it but this
does have one the the Dei question is a
yes this is the right question yes we
want to know what went wrong yes it's a
valid hypothesis and it's not just a
valid
hypothesis you could put it in the top
five right there there are at least five
different ways we could end up
understanding what happened and they
might be completely different you know
so we don't know how this is going to
roll out but if you're not including one
of the most obvious Baseline causes of
any kind of breakdown of any kind of
system in the United States well I don't
think you're being honest you're not
being honest at all now let me be clear
I am currently right now as I speak
politicizing the tragedy while it's too
soon does that make me better or worse
than the Democrats who are politicizing
this The Tragedy by saying that Trump is
politicizing the tragedy no we're all
equal we're all equal
we all politicize the strategy or the
tragedy the only thing I'll say in my
defense is I don't think I'm better than
you I don't think I'm better than the
Democrats I don't think I'm better than
Trump it's just not in my mind it's not
a it's not a contest did did uh what's
his name did David Axelrod one of the
complainers about the
complaining
um you know does he does he really not
think that he's part of the problem and
politicizing it of of course he knows
he's politicizing it so it's just so
dumb when Democrats come out with this a
rod said Trump's Trump's Craven
remarks so let me think have the
Democrats learned
nothing have they learned
nothing because didn't they learn all of
this last year that if the only thing
you have is insults like he's a racist
he's a dummy he's Craven he's
politicizing if that's all you have did
you not learn that that's not enough and
that it doesn't work and that maybe you
need popular policies for once maybe you
should try that Common Sense thing
that's doing so well maybe
anyway uh Trump uh had a little
interaction with the CNN's Caitlyn
Collins on the
question about the air disaster and
U so Caitlyn Collins pressed Trump about
quote blaming Democrats and Dei for the
air
crash and so Colin says quote don't you
think you're getting ahead of the
investigation right
now and Trump says don't think so at all
and uh he said I don't think the names
of the people uh you mean the names of
the people that are on the plane you
think that's going to make a
difference Trump says you think that's
going to make a
difference I don't know how it would
make a difference but it gets
better um then Caitlyn Colin said does
it Comfort their family to hear you
blaming Dei
policies here was Trump's answer I think
that's not a very smart
question there you
go that is how you handle a not smart
question you got to go after the
question and uh you probably heard uh
some of you if you watched uh the five
yesterday you saw Greg got felt talking
about a good way to answer these dumb
questions these these stupid gotcha
questions is ask a better question this
is Trump's version of ask a better
question I think that's not a very smart
question I love that I love that oh
don't you think you're being political
that's not a very smart
question next
question um very very good technique to
criticize the question and not answer it
by the way I don't think I don't think
the Nots smart questions deserve answers
I think you should say in the interest
of everybody's time could he ask a
question that's sort of on point and
then just run out their time so you
might see some you might see some of the
confirmation people doing that because
it's really good cash Patel did a
version of that he did a version of it
by asking for clarification on um I
don't know some rules and I think what
he was doing is essentially calling
attention to the fact that the questions
were
ridiculous so I like that let's let's
burn up all their time telling them that
their questions are ridiculous because
that's the truth
I mean that's that's far more on point
and useful than simply trying to answer
an unanswerable gotcha
question
anyway so do you think that the
Democrats have learned anything about
their approach that basically it's just
yelling at people and calling them names
well according to end wokeness there was
a recent event looked like an MSNBC
hosted event in which uh the candidates
for the DNC chairmanship so that would
be the head of the democratic party at
least organizationally head and uh every
single candidate I think there were
maybe 10 of them or so on stage every
one of them uh raised their
hand when asked if they thought that
racism and misogyny were partly to blame
for KL Harris losing and they're all
like oh yeah oh yeah it was the racism
and the misogyny yep that's why KL
Harris lost now think about this these
are the people who are running to
be you know the The Guiding strategic
heads of the party and every one of them
thinks that the problem the reason that
Comm L's lost was racism and
misogyny they're uh not even
close now I'm not saying that racism and
misogyny don't exist I'm saying that if
she'd been qualified she would have
already be president like Obama
no matter what you want to say about
Obama politically he's
gifted right so if you're good like
Trump is Trump is politically gifted
Bill Clinton was politically
gifted we keep watching the politically
gifted people win no matter what else
they got going for them Trump could be a
felon but politically gifted so he's
your President Obama could be the worst
person in the world but politic Ally
gifted he's your president KLA Harris
could have done everything wrong as long
as she was politically gifted as in
could talk in public the the female
thing and the minority thing were
absolutely an advantage I mean it's the
one thing that gets people to cross over
to the other party more than anything I
mean Obama proved that by winning nearly
all the black vote so yeah the fact that
keris couldn't turn her gender and her
ethnicity into a Plus shows the weakest
political gifts we've seen in a long
time so anyway apparently the Democrats
have learned
nothing
um so cash Patel is going through the
confirmation process as is tulsey gabard
as is RFK Jr I'm not sure when the votes
happen for any of them but it should be
soon but uh I'm here the the Democrats
seem really worried about cash
Patel and I think the problem is that
he's dedicated to find out what's true
which looks like an existential threat
to a lot of the Democrat Party um
knowing that somebody's going to go for
the truth no matter what it
costs that would be the scariest thing
for the Democrats because wow the things
we're going to find um cash mentioned
the FBI lying to the fisa lying to get
fisa you know
approvals um how the assassination
attempt doesn't appear to be as
transparent as you think you should be
there's something going on there so we
got lots of questions but remember I
always tell you if you only know what
happened you don't know anything if you
know who is involved well then you might
know everything so if I told you that
there was a senator who pushed really
hard on cash Patel because he didn't
think he was was the right person for
the job what would that tell you right
there's a senator who pushed really hard
against cash Patel because he didn't
think he was the right person for the
job if only if the only thing you knew
is what happened and that's what
happened you'd say to yourself huh I
guess I would question whether he's the
right person I mean there are two sides
to every story but if there's a senator
I mean a senator that's pretty credible
a senator says he's not capable I mean
I'd listen to that right and then you
find out who the senator
is it's Adam
Chef they only send Adam Schiff when
they need the designated Liars now I've
told you this before there's a small
clump of Democrats that only go out to
lead the charge when it's complet it's a
complete lie the regulars the regular
Democrats will do the small lies and
maybe the the political stuff like oh we
love we love climate hysteria you know
they all do that so those are safe safe
political lies but if you need to do
somebody something that's just batshit
crazy and the the the most obvious lying
that you could ever do you send Rasin
you send swell you send Adam shiff you
send um Brennan you send
Clapper and if that doesn't work work
you get the better the worse than
Watergate
guys because they'll say they'll
reliably tell you that whatever the
Republicans did lately is worse than
Watergate so if you don't know that
there's a designated liar group that
they only bring out when there's no they
have no truth on their side they just
have no argument based on truth they
have to just completely make something
up Adam Schiff appears every
time every time
it's not like they use him once in a
while no every time they need to lie
more than normal lies he appears it's
the same guy if you haven't
noticed by now that he's a designated
liar and not like a regular
politician indeed I think that's the
only reason he gets support I think he's
found his Niche which is he can do the
the serious lying you know not just the
routine
stuff so he goes after after uh cash
which makes me think cash is exactly the
right person for the job I'm done with
my research if you tell me that Adam
Schiff is trying to derail it he's my
man I'm done I honestly I didn't know
enough about cash to have much of an
opinion Beyond you know beyond the vibe
I was getting that looked positive to me
but as soon as you tell me Adam Schiff
doesn't want him in that job and really
really doesn't want him in that job yeah
he's my man
uh that's the end of my that's the end
of my thinking on that
topic well tulsey gabard might be having
a hard time with the confirmation
process uh I think the Edwards not in
issue might be the thing that uh is a
stopper we'll see so I don't know I
don't know if people are going to go to
the you know all the way to the wall for
her I hope they do but uh we'll see I I
think the Democrats might want to feel
like they they got to win so they might
they might kind of double down at
whoever they think there's a little
crack in the defense so they might just
go hard at Tulsa because they would also
fear uh any disclosures or honestly that
she brought to the job uh and uh I saw a
comment from Tristan levit on
Ax who's talking about you know how
Tulsi was put on the the U what's it
called The Quiet Skies program which
means that if she tried to travel by air
she would get all kinds of extra
attention that slow things down and you
might make it hard to even get on your
flight so real pain in the ass why do
you think she was put on the quiet Skies
program well according to Tristan Lev um
he says so just to be clear the New York
Times is reporting that Tulsi gabard was
subjected to enhanced screening and the
quiet dis Skies program because check's
notes that's what he wrote check's notes
she attended a meeting that Mick um that
Mick mulany was in and he invited her to
go along to the
Vatican uh and it was being uh organized
by the Pope's second in
command so she traveled with a
well-known American you know political
person Mick m
um who's legal right he's he's a legal
citizen he's a public figure he was
chief of staff at one point right for
Trump this is a well-known public figure
and he went to a meeting in the Vatican
which is one of the most common things
that anybody does and uh was arranged by
the Pope's second in command that's as
up and up as you can get unless I
suppose the pope scheduled it himself
which doesn't happen and was it that was
it they
visited the Vatican and that was enough
to put her on this program so clearly it
was punitive punitive it was using the
government as a weapon I don't think
there's any other way to see
it um going she went postal so the thing
we don't know just to comment on your
comments I'm seeing going by I have not
seen
confirmation that the pilot unnamed was
a
trans
person I I would say and here's what i'
be afraid of I I worry there's a kraken
forming you know a kraken is when you
think you found oh I found how the
election was was rigged and then you
find out that the thing you know is
definitely not true it's called a
kraken uh could it be that the bad guys
are trying to lure the Republicans into
saying it's a trans it's a trans so
here's what I'm going to tell
you it is suspicious that we don't know
the third name if that's still true that
would be
suspicious that does not mean it's a
trans
pilot it if I had to place a bet I'd bet
against it but only
6040 so I'd say 60%
chance it's not
trans 40% chance the stimulation is
giving you a story that is so on point
with the times that it's hard to
understand that it could be that on
point so the whole two on the nose
thing I'm going I'm going to wait on
this so for two reasons I'm going to
wait because I don't have confirmation
so fog a war it just makes sense to wait
but number two I don't want to be the
person who went too hard at Dei before I
had data like that doesn't make you the
winner you know if you go after Dei
based on a specific incident and you
don't even have all the facts yet you're
not the
winner you're not winning just to be
clear about that that is not
winning now if it turned out that the
the Dei element to it is just glaringly
obvious and we don't know that we don't
know that but if it turned out
that it was hard to avoid that being
part of the story I'm all
in but I'm going to need a lot
more confirmation that what I think I
know is what I
know or something like
that well RFK Jr um still going through
the
process and uh there was a Senator Hoyer
and Looper I guess or something like
that if I have the name right and here's
my first question is this just a social
media phenomenon or are all the women in
the Senate
 can can somebody tell me is this
just social media playing with my head
cuz they don't really
look they seem they seem like the just
screaming
shrews and I don't think they always act
like that right I I would guess that 99%
of the time
you can't tell the difference between
the men and the women they would say the
same things have the same attitudes same
emotional but but not this time like the
confirmation you're getting a lot of
really angry faces to the point where
it's easy to make memes of like heg Seth
just listening to all
the and even the still pictures I don't
think you could get a still picture of a
man that looked like the still pictures
of Elizabeth Warren
you know looks like rabid dog at your at
your
door
um what's
this I love it when I see in the
comments somebody trying to attack me
for something they imagined that I
thought in the
past if you want to attack me and my
credibility you should at least talk
about something that was real
not not something you completely made
up you could do better than
that all
right so I don't know what's happening
with the women in in in the Senate uh it
could be a social media thing meaning
that the social media is you know making
them look worse than they are because
they pick the pictures just right or
something but it it's hard to it's hard
to not notice the pattern
anyway
um Elizabeth Warren worried that RFK
jors um preference to put the uh the
liability on the manufacturers of the
meds the vaccinations in particular
could bankrupt
them is that a problem is it a problem
that are
vaccination the the only people who know
how to do it they could become
bankrupted if we required them to I
don't know take the
liability well you can see why they're
protected like you can understand the
argument but there needs to be some kind
of
penalty and here's what I would throw
into the mix I don't know if this is a
good idea let me just throw it into the
mix I would not want to bankrupt a
company because they did something wrong
with vaccinations
not the company cuz I don't want to
punish the shareholders and I don't want
to punish the company employees who
didn't have anything to do with
decisions but I would definitely punish
the paychecks of the executives so is
there a way to hold the bonuses and
paychecks of the executives to some kind
of performance if you could do that then
I would feel that maybe I mean if that
process were honest I would feel that
maybe the Pharma companies would do
everything they could do to avoid doing
something wrong that hurt
people but if it happened anyway which
is always a big risk with this kind of
science if it happened
anyway depending on who made what
decisions you know I think you should go
after the you know the pay or the
compensation of people made the wrong
decisions but do you really want to get
rid of the company if the company is one
that routinely develops drugs you do
want so I'll just throw into the mix
bankrupting the company is probably a
bad
idea but bankrupting the people who make
the wrong decisions is more like
business as usual so we should do a lot
more business as usual and I don't think
we have a way to punish any of the any
of the
executives all right um
one of the things that Tai magazine was
saying about uh RFK Jr and the whole
process about RFK Jr calling the food
poison the processed foods
um so according to Time Magazine Jamie
du RFK Jr is saying that Ultra processed
foods are poisoned but he won't ban
them um so if you don't want to ban them
what would you do label them
maybe label them or maybe ban certain
parts like the red dye they got banned
maybe you don't ban the food maybe you
ban some stuff that gets added to the
food that that would be okay with me um
however Time Magazine goes on to point
out that some Ultra processed foods are
actually good for you do you believe
that do you believe that some Ultra
processed foods are good for you you
mentioned as Cal is one of the ones
that's good for you do you believe that
Cal is good for you I don't know anybody
who thinks
that now I I wouldn't be surprised if
there's a study funded by the serial
people that says serial is good for you
but here's my advice don't believe any
entity that takes
advertising Time Magazine takes
advertising therefore you should not
believe anything they say about food
quality or Pharma because they're not a
credible entity if they're getting paid
by the very people that you you think
they should be criticizing so no don't
believe any any platform that takes
advertising cannot be somebody who tells
you whether the products that advertise
the most are good for you or not no no
no doesn't matter who it is doesn't
matter if it's they're on your team or
the other team if they take advertising
money
don't believe anything they say anything
about food or alcohol or or anything
that you can buy to put in your body
nothing nothing zero it it as soon as
you let yourself think well sometimes
are right you're lost nope you can't
think that way you just have to assume
it's all non-credible some of it might
be true but you're not going to know
what so just treat it all like it's
non-credible the biggest surprise I got
out of this process is learning that in
my opinion Bernie Sanders is way more
corrupt than I knew so he's one of the
ones who gets the most money from the
Pharma industry and is also going the
hardest at RFK Jr with the worst
arguments huh let's see somebody that I
respected for you know at least his
stiven and his his consistency and
things like that you know there were
things about Bernie that I genuinely
appreciate I don't think he should have
been president but some qualities that
you know I could say you
know I'm going to give the same standard
I use for Trump which is I'm not here to
judge everything he's ever done I'm just
judging it in the context of doing the
job so under that under that theory
Sanders was additive to the process even
though he had different opinions I like
the you know I like the exchanges
but here's the exchange with uh
Kennedy um Sanders said will you
guarantee to do what every other major
country is it's a simple question Bobby
and then Kennedy said uh the problem of
corruption is not just in the federal
agencies it's in Congress too as he's
talking to Congress almost all the
members of this panel the ones who are
asking them questions right there are
accepting including yourself meaning
Sanders millions of dollars from the
pharmaceutical industry to protect their
interests Sanders says oh no no no no no
no uh let me in case you didn't catch
that I'd like to repeat it again Bernie
Sanders said oh no no no no no no that's
one two three four five six NOS no no no
no no no no no no no now that makes
sense these are the guys who keep saying
answer yes or
no apparently that's all they can do the
reason they think it's use it's
reasonable to answer yes or no to
complicated questions is apparently
that's how they do
it are you influenced by all the vast
amount of money that the firm of people
give you no no oh no no no no no no no
no no no no have I mentioned no no no no
no no no no no
anyway so um Sanders Saidi ran for
president like you I got millions and
millions of contributions they did not
come from the executives not one nickel
of pack money from the pharmaceutical
industry they came from
workers uh and then Kennedy said in 2020
you were the single largest recipient of
Pharma
dollars now do you think this Sanders is
being honest when he says I got it from
the employees not from the
executives how do you think the
employees decided who to give their
money
to do you think the executives had any
influence over where the money went or
do you think that the way we record
things is if some individual in is is at
home and they send in a they send in a
payment on their personal checking
account and they donate to Sanders do
you think that gets recorded as a Pharma
contribution because the person has a
job at
Pharma uh I could use a fact check on
that but my assumption is that would not
be shown as a forma donation am I wrong
about
that that if it's just an individual
donation I mean I've donated I donated
to Trump did it ask me what kind of job
I have no no I just donated so I do
believe that uh Sanders got a lot of
small donations from Individual people I
think you know directionally that's true
but how in the world could he be listed
as the biggest recipient of uh of Pharma
money now you might say why would the
Socialist guy who wants uh healthc care
to be Universal and and the government's
in charge why why would that guy get
money from Big Pharma well
how could you make the most money if you
were a big
Pharma I think you could make the most
money if 100% of the government uh if
100% of healthc care was paid for by the
government because that would probably
increase by 13d the number of people who
use your products and you wouldn't have
to worry about whether the government
would say yes to your vaccinations
because you've already bribed all the
Congress people of course they'll say
yes so I would think that the most
profit thing for Pharma would be some
some kind of a Single Payer government's
in charge of everything healthcare
because that gets a third more people
and even if the government negotiates a
little on price I think they still come
out ahead because they're definitely
gonna government's going to say yeah you
got to get these shots yeah these are
good because they're paid off so it does
make sense the Sanders being the one who
wants universal healthcare who get the
most money there's a perfectly straight
line reason for
that so um my take on this
is I didn't realiz Sanders was this
corrupt I'm actually a little bit
disappointed a little bit
disappointed so yeah uh Bernie either
back off of RFK Jr or you just get out
of this conversation now it also makes
sense why he was being so stupid about
the onesie remember he showed a what he
was he was talking to RFK Jr at the
confirmation hearings he put a visual of
a onesie which is basically a baby's one
piece clothing and had that
anti-vaccination thing on it and he kept
saying do you approve this onesie do you
approve it do you approve this message
on this onesie now that might be the
stupidest thing that anybody ever said
about anything in any public
setting and you say to yourself H you
know even when I don't agree with
Sanders
he's never been that stupid why why
would somebody act that stupid and the
reason is you're getting
paid nobody would act that stupid
accidentally unless they were a stupid
person Sanders is not a stupid person so
when he goes in public and does the
stupidest thing you've ever seen and
really pushed it really pushed it he
didn't just take a casual swipe at it he
he was yelling do you approve this
onesie what about this
onesie um that's got to be paid that's
got to be pay for play you know
indirectly not not that they paid him
for his specific statements but
indirectly somebody who's taking money
from an industry how do you explain that
any other way when the smart person acts
like a
 aggressively in public there's got
to be some other Force you didn't
suddenly become stupid on one
question I don't
think sh
um here's what we learned the people
were definitely not on the side of
America Elizabeth Warren Sanders
McConnell
um and here's how I'd like to fix all of
this I think that when the TV news shows
us a a senator grilling a confirmation
or you know a person who's trying to get
confirmed that the Chiron should always
say whenever the politicians on screen
how much they got from the industry
that's the topic of the day now if you
just do that I don't even care that they
take the
money as long as wherever they go they
get tagged with how much they're bought
then everybody can see it and then you
can make up your own mind but imagine
being an unsophisticated viewer of TV
and you think that the people who are uh
going after RFK Jr are a a random a
random group of politicians
they're not
random these are the ones who are taking
the most money from the very industry
that's at question if you don't know
that when when you're watching them talk
you're missing the whole thing again if
the only thing you know is what happened
some Senators asked some tough questions
you don't know anything if you know who
the players are and specifically how
much they're getting paid by each
industry well then you might know
everything I think it's really that
simple
I guess Canada and Mexico might face uh
25% tariffs by Saturday because of their
lack of keeping the borders closed and
Trump is even thinking of a
10% tariff on additional tariff on China
because of their failure to do the
fentanyl thing
now you know I have a personal
connection to the fentanyl thing because
my stepson died of an overdose in 2018
and
and so I'm I'm not objective about this
topic you know I'm going to just be as
honest as I can I cannot find
objectivity on this particular topic I
try pretty hard on the other stuff but
I'm just going to surrender to this one
I'm not objective on this question so
when I hear that Trump is
monetizing fentin overdoses with a 10%
tariff I say to myself
like I I get why you're trying to put
pressure on China and I appreciate it I
get that but it just feels like
monetizing the death of hundreds of
thousands of
Americans now monetize you know toward
the national Deb I guess
but I don't know it it's creepy but I
understand it I understand it it it is
pressure um I've told you how I handle
it I would handle it through
embarrassment I I would do something
like closing the embassy and I would say
look if you're not going to take care of
the fenel problem right away we can't
really have a normal relationship with
you and I think that's what we've done
wrong up to this point we've acted like
we have it's like some kind of normal
relationship but oh we have this one
problem you know some details not
working out in this one problem fentanyl
now fentel not like the other problems
if you're intentionally part of the
killing of 100,000 Americans a year
close the embassy I want every country
to know that China essentially are
murderers and you can't have a normal
relationship with them now closing it
might cause too many problems for
American companies operating over there
and of course there would be
immediate reciprocity Etc but that's the
fight I wouldn't mind I wouldn't mind
the fight where we're just going to
embarrass their management as
murderers and uh and just say look
that's what you have to deal with and i'
would also tell American companies that
they just can't do business over there
anymore they just can't do it now the
existing businesses I wouldn't stop them
because that's there's too much invested
over there but we just have to stop
treating China like it's some normal
company country when it's killing
100,000 people a year with the help of
the cartels that's not normal that's not
normal so I'm not happy treating it that
way I saw a great moment where Thomas
Massie was teaching U Congress how
inflation
works and he dunked on Jamie Rasin in a
way that was
so
um I don't know how to say it perfect it
was perfect but
it's it's how a smart person dunks on a
dumb
person so let me let me tell you the
situation you can characterize it
yourself so Massie is doing a public
display where he's got a glass of tea
and he adds some regular water to it and
says here you can see that if I added
water to it it diluted the tea he said
that printing money is just like that um
if you add money just by printing it
then the money that's already there will
get diluted and will be worth less just
like the tea is worth less because it's
full of water now or over
diluted so um and then Massie further
made his point that that's the cause of
inflation and not not some weird things
like oh just energy is high or oh just
something happened with the supply chain
oh it's you know there's just a special
case oh it's the bird flu you know it
seemed like a lot of our individual
expenses have some kind of individual
reason but he but Massie to his
point everybody would be affected by
printing money and a dilution of of cash
he said that's why uh the entire the
entire country has higher costs than
everything I'll say everything but
almost everything um because it affects
everything kind of equally now it's
pretty good right he he's explained how
printing money dilutes what you have and
how it affects everything and so since
it does affect everything that's more
evidence of his point it's not a bunch
of special cases it's something that has
to do with printing money Jamie
Rasin thinks he's got him this is the
fun part so Rasin who you should know is
one of the other designated Liars he's
one of the ones that you bring out if
shift's on
vacation Shi uh so so Rasin
says how do you explain that there's
inflation in the entire
Globe gotcha gotcha Oh Thomas Massie
Thomas Massie with your little old mit
degree you think you're smart well watch
watch me kneecap you right in front of
the whole world yeah oh Thomas Massie
you think that America printing money in
America is what's causing our inflation
but yeah try to explain how all the
inflation is going up all over the world
Thomas Massie gotcha
gotcha Thomas Massie cooly looks at
Rasin and
says they all printed money during the
pandemic it's all the
same they printed money and and and more
than that probably the only thing that
kept us
solvent was that everybody made this
same mistake at the same time so our
money didn't become worthless compared
to other money we all went down with the
same
mistake and that's why you don't
challenge that's why you don't challenge
the technical understanding of an MIT
graduate in public unless you've tested
that out that that's sort of the thing
you want to test out behind closed doors
it's like all right next time they say
this watch what I do I'm I'm going to
pull out the how how do you explain the
other countries thing then somebody
would stop you and go ah there is an
explanation for the other countries
because they all printed
money so the fact that Rasin thought
that you know trying to dunk on Massie
in public was going to work
out I don't think he understands what a
Thomas Massie
is let me explain what he is so in in
addition to being in
Congress he's the smart one he he's not
going to start you know making a big
deal about a topic that he hasn't looked
into what do you think he didn't look
into it do do you think there's
something that an MIT an MIT trained
engineer can't master do do you think he
can't figure out the complexities of
printing
money he's just the wrong person The
Challenge on facts and how the facts fit
together the how they fit together is
the the magic part so yeah I just love
that
um we've get we got some new economic
data I don't know who to blame for it
it's too early for Trump too late for
Biden uh but personal income is up a 04
which is what people expected but
personal spendings up 7 H why would
spending be higher than the raise in
income well it could be
optimism optimism is one of the reasons
you spend more than you have because you
think well I'll get more
later um but it could be that people
don't have enough money so they're
just things are expensive and they they
can't live without insurance but
insurance went way up
so so we don't know that just I'll
remind you that all data is fake so who
knows well the big
banks have
uh have uh gone through the usual cycle
so here's what the usual cycle is Trump
blames big banks for Deb banking
conservatives Banks laugh at it and say
oh no you're crazy we we we didn't uh no
we what what are you talking about we
didn't debank any conservatives
and then the receipts start coming in uh
well yeah you debanked uh these people
and uh here's some more people you
debanked and here's some more and here's
some more and here's some more and
here's some more and then what did the
bank say did they say oh my we didn't
even know we did this you know it
happened in you know different decisions
in different areas and you know now that
you pointed out wow wow we really
shouldn't have done that uh we apologize
we're going to make make it up to those
people we debanked because in retrospect
that looks like a mistake and you're
quite right in your criticisms so we'll
go forward with this
Improvement so that didn't happen they
went from no we don't debank
conservatives then it was proven that
they did they went all the way to oh oh
you talking about the things that the
government makes us
do so the the current claim is that the
government the Biden government in
particular uh was putting pressure on
them to make sure that they weren't uh
allowing I know sketchy gun dealers and
people who were in The crypto field but
you couldn't tell if it was real or a
scam so apparently the fines for having
a banking relationship with somebody who
the government doesn't think you should
have a banking relationship with are
pretty extreme so the banks were just
covering their asses and now they're
going to blame the government for making
them debank
conservatives so apparently they're more
conservatives in the obviously in the
gun dealer space um but yeah so it
starts with it's not happening and then
it goes to we had to do it because the
government made us do
it I don't know what's the step after
that go back to it didn't
happen oh Banks you better do
better um Trump is doing a terrific job
of explaining Birthright citizenship by
simply saying it was intended for
children of slaves it was intended for
the slaves themselves not just their
children but his point is good you know
I think limiting it to the children is
you know directionally it's in the right
direction
now I'm no Supreme Court person but I
think I think Trump's argument
might fly in the Supreme Court um on one
hand it says very
clearly that anybody born here seems to
be a citizen but the jurisdiction there
under part because that's part of it you
know you have to be under the
jurisdiction of the laws of the United
States or under the jurisdiction of the
United States so there's some argument
that if you are not here
legally you are not fully under the
jurisdiction obviously the law would
apply to you still but you're not under
the jurisdiction so so the argument
would be that over that word
jurisdiction and since the original
purpose of it was for slaves and
children of slaves um I think the
originalists on the
court are going to agree that there's a
reason no country in the world does it
the way we do it and it was never
intended to be widened to apply to
everybody so if I had to verdict I think
he's going to win this and I think he's
going to win it in the Supreme Court the
the only thing I can imagine the Supreme
Court doing that wouldn't be just a
clean
win uh would be to say this one's too
important you just have to get the
country to revise the
Constitution so they might want to say
we don't change the president because
we've treated it like like it meant to
everybody for a long time so we'll
see
um why did I write that
down so Doge uh claims uh according to
Elon Musk has saved over a billion
dollars on just cancelling de Dei
programs
alone
and uh musk also said that the reducing
the federal deficit from 2 trillion year
to 1 trillion uh would require cutting 4
billion a day in projected 2026 spending
from now until September so cutting 4
billion a
day I don't know if that's doable I mean
that's a pretty big ask but here's my
problem our federal deficit isn't $2
trillion isn't our federal
deficit um or may uh I I might be
conflating the annual ual deficit with
the total amount of
debt but we're adding a trillion dollars
[Music]
every if we're if we're adding a
trillion dollars every 100 days and Mark
and Jon points out that that number will
start to escalate you know in a straight
line up so adding a trillion dollars in
debt every 100 days as andreon points
out very soon becomes every 90 days and
then very soon becomes every 60 days and
right around there you have
hyperinflation and essentially the end
of your
economy so does Elon have the numbers
wrong or do I because we're off by
trillions
trillions my understanding of the
problem is
trillions different from how Elon is
explaining it because he's acting he
he's communicating as though cutting a
trillion out of our expenses would get
us down to a trillion doll problem but
we could grow out of
that I don't know I like his
optimism and it seems dumb to bet
against him right can we all agree that
betting against Elon Musk especially
when a calculation is
involved would be just about the dumbest
thing you could do so I'm going to say
there's a mystery why is it true that
we're adding a trillion dollars every
hundred days
but also true that if we solve only one
of those
trillions that we can grow out of the
rest so I have a real
problem understanding why I'm off by $50
trillion because if we're adding you
know if we get to the point we're adding
a trillion every month or so you know
we're adding 12 trillion a year and then
that will by the next year it's going to
be 100 trillion a year
so I don't understand the numbers and I
should I mean I do have enough I have
enough background that I should
understand it I don't know why I
don't well why combinator announced that
that the startups they're looking for
because they're a incubation group where
they they fund and um they uh let's say
nurture startups so they announced that
what they're looking for is a lot of AI
products that would replace 100,000 per
year functions now that's a that's a
take by Greg Eisenberg so that's not
what y combinator says directly that's
his take on it um and and he shows he
shows uh y combinators document of what
they're looking for and it does look
like they want startups that can greatly
reduce employment by adding AI to
companies now on one hand that sounds
really dangerous to employment and the
future of the country on the other hand
it's the only way that you can
survive you have to cannibalize your
existing industry as hard as you can or
you become a
Europe right so as dangerous as it
sounds for our you know at least most
storied incubator of startups as
dangerous as it sounds that they're
targeting jobs and they're pretty direct
about it
it's the only way to
survive there's no second way to do this
if you say we're going to keep the jobs
even if the technology would allow us to
get rid of them that's a death trap you
don't you don't survive that you end up
being you know overtaken by whoever is
not going to do what what you just said
You' do which is protect the jobs over
over the growth and evolution of the
industry so you have to do
it but here's some things that jump out
of
me um I don't know if the real world is
going to give them what they need all
right so I'm going to put the the
Dilbert
filter on Y
combinator and it seems to me that at
the
moment you're always going to need one
full-time staff
member to manage the AI that replaced
one full-time staff member am I wrong
you're going to need one full-time AI
person to replace anything uh because
I've thought about doing it for my own
operation there's a whole bunch of stuff
I do that um in theory AI could do but
it would require constant monitoring and
tweaking and you know checking and it
would require me to hire
somebody to sit and watch the AI to make
sure it was working and to continually
change it and upgrade it now that's just
one person that's just my operation but
I don't see a way to reduce anything I
do see maybe some awesome things I could
add to you know my content or add to
making the dber comics more easily
searchable stuff like that but every one
of them requires me to add a staff now
is there something that's different
about big companies so let's say you've
got um Let me let me take one example
from my personal experience suppose
instead of a finance and budget guy
which is what I used to be for a big
bank and then a phone company um suppose
they say hey budgets budgets are the
easiest thing to do all right so we'll
get rid of the budget guy because it's
just math and spreadsheets we'll just
have the AI do um and then what about
the forecasts so it's not just
collecting the budget like I would do
forecasts if we invest in this
you know this is better if we lease it
than if we buy it that sort of thing
well again again the AI could do
forecasts so could my old job be
replaced because it was just math and
the answer is oh you've never worked in
the real world have you if you think
there's any possibility that that job
could be replaced by a computer you
don't really know what that job was let
me explain what that job job really was
that job is about lying on behalf of
your boss it's a lying job you can't
hire an AI to
lie it just won't work out so the boss
says choose the assumptions so that I
get you know the laboratory I want to
build choose the assumptions so we get
get this new technology because we're
going to do it anyway but we have to
make the numbers work it's a lying job
and I was very aware of when I did it I
was completely aware of it now but what
about marketing
marketing what about marketing oh no
that's okay marketing so AI can create
images it can test marketing it can it
can post things it can it can go on
social media it can create ads it can
even negotiate with whoever it needs to
to pay for the ads it can stay on budget
wow I guess you could repl repl
marketing with
AI nope do you know why cuz marketing is
a lying job it's a lying job AI won't do
that you can't get it to lie and then
also cover up the lie and protect
everybody marketing is a lying job but
what about sales right sales is mostly
describing your product answering
questions negotiating price figuring out
where the money go
delivery really just really such basic
things so AI can do that right AI can
call people it can follow up on things
it can answer questions it can tell you
how your product's better than the
others
right no you know why because sales are
oh you're way ahead of me aren't you
sales is a lying job it's mostly driven
by lying and the AI won't do
that so let's see Finance is lying
marketing is
lying sales is
lying but at least we have
HR do I need to do
HR HR is just
 AI can't do
 the reason that we have so many
people working in big companies is
because they're all professional
Liars if you didn't know that you've
never read a dilber comic because that's
pretty much the whole
theme no you can't replace
Liars with honest Ai and if the AI is a
liar it can't do
anything there there is a
logical there's a logical
firewall that should stop almost
everybody from replacing their staff of
liars it just won't work and and the
other thing that AI doesn't do is come
up with new Innovative you know out ofth
box
anything so pretty much every
breakthrough that a company ever had was
because it was that one
employee who was willing to take a risk
and think outside the box and do all
that the AI can't do that
ever right so the the things that humans
do are just not really replaceable by AI
because the humans will do the wet work
they'll do the dirty stuff and if you
train the AI to do the the dirty stuff
well then you've got a brand new problem
that's the biggest problem in the whole
freaking world you got this out of
control AI with too much
power so anyway I I'm really skeptical
about the job part I will however say so
you don't come back to me later and say
but Scott that entire industry was
replaced by one AI there will be some of
that there will definitely be some of
that what I don't see happening is some
big multinational
corporation you know just vastly getting
rid of people they might get rid of a
pocket I can imagine if
telemarketers I can imagine if
telemarketers or something like that or
you know maybe help desks I could see
those may be being um automated because
you don't really expect the tech support
guys to be liers right not really I mean
if if you've told your Tech Support to
lie you're probably not doing it right
so there will be some Pockets but I
don't I don't think it's going to be
transformative and and not as quick as
people say meanwhile on the save the
whales update you know the big wind
turbines offshore were killing whales uh
did you know that the Danish wind giant
orad
orad um is one of the big ones offshore
for the United States I guess on
America's East Coast now what are the
odds that a Danish company would be
involved in this story let see we've got
Denmark that's uh allowing Russia to
rebuild nordstream 2 that was this week
we've got
Denmark uh saying that we the United
States can't buy Greenland but we really
want to and now
Denmark is uh replace the CEO of their
giant giant wind giant orad because the
shares were down 83% um largely
on um the whale killing bad press and
Trump trump coming down hard on that
industry so that industry is in real
trouble uh but it's good for whales
Michael shellenberger has done a great
job reporting on this this whole
situation by the way the thing that Shel
Burger does that makes him special and I
would say a National Asset at this point
um above reporting you know you can you
can be like the best reporter and you're
still not Michael
shellenberger shellenberger is the best
reporter but he's got such an extra
gear that it's almost a different thing
so he knows everything about you know
the whole wind industry but he's also
been involved in Saving
whales so how many people could be an
expert on those two things which are in
the same story I that's very rare if you
look at Shell Burger's Talent
stack it it's everything from nuclear to
whales to energy to you know he can
understand the economics of stuff the
the political problems I mean that's a
talent stack so you don't get that from
regular reporters reporter might know
one thing oh I used to be an economist
but now I'm a reporter I know I know one
thing in writing shellenberger knows a
lot of things and so he can give context
to everything it's
amazing speaking of
other um other people who are important
and have great opinions Mark andreon um
you might get tired of me saying that
he's awesome but every time he's in
public he says something awesome CU he's
so good at communicating and so good at
understanding the complexities of things
that you and I don't see live so he can
untangle what's happening in Silicon
Valley for example and he's got a piece
in the New York Times in which he's
describing why big Tech uh ended up
leaning toward
Trump and I will try to summarize it by
saying that uh big Tech was less
political and more about big Tech and if
you're in the tech space you want fewer
regulations you want lower taxes and you
want the activists to get out of your
way so Trump was about lower taxes less
regulations and and you know get the
activists out of your way so it
shouldn't be a huge
surprise that at least the transactional
smartest let's get business done people
in Silicon Valley said hey there's one
of us you know even if you don't want to
identify with him you can understand
that he's a business person who wants
lower taxes less regulations you know
few were activists in the way so that
does make sense however I would add to
that that the fine people hoax was super
instrumental in getting some of the
biggest names to say hey wait a minute
if we've been living under this
brainwashing regime and the answer was
yes we were very much living under
brainwashing regime and once the fine
people hoax crumbled the tent pole hoax
the others became more obvious the other
hoaxes so I think that's a big part of
it and I also think that male energy is
a big part of it Silicon Valley heavily
you know male
biased uh Trump attractive to males
because of the male energy of it so I
think the male energy was also a
substory so there are a lot of reasons
you Trump was good on
policy uh but he had male energy and
people escaped on their own from The
Well With a Little Help they escaped
from the
hoaxes so there were a number of
reasons all good
ones
um uh there's a story that uh gen Z
seeks safety above all
else um and that according to the
conversation that's a that's
a uh a what is the conversation must be
some online
entity um so a bunch of kids were asked
in a survey 1,600 kids were asked in a
survey about uh what they rate as most
important of 14 personal goals so the
things they asked them were you know
what's most important being popular
having fun being kind I assume it was
stuff like making money you know so they
got to say what's the most important
thing that you're worried about guess
what was number
one we're talking about genz
specifically the number one thing that
gen Z is concerned about number one
guess you cannot guess the answer is to
be
safe to be
safe
now I remember when I was a kid the only
thing I really worried about was nuclear
war or getting drafted to go to
Vietnam I wasn't super worried about
anything else I figured I could make
everything else work but I couldn't
really handle I mean I didn't have any
control over nuclear weapons I didn't
have any control over when the Vietnam
War ended as luck would have it it ended
just in
time I was very close very close to
being um I think I was a one or two
years away from being draft
age uh when it ended so I mean that's as
close as you can get that was close but
uh yeah Jen Z is worried about safety
and I think that makes sense when you
look at the social media and news um
networks because it all looks like
everything's to scare you and if you're
genz you don't know that all of it is
fake so I try to put myself in the
position of a young person today if I
believe that climate change was an
existential
risk the way it
is that would be so scary I just
wouldn't have children because of
climate change
now I I could see how the Gen Z people
are scared to death they're literally
trained that their world will end before
they become parents so of course they're
not going to have kids but apparently
the problem is maybe even bigger in
China so I was reading today um
something about the young people in
China who are just saying that having
children makes no sense at all like it's
not even a goal for the majority of
young people imagine the majority of
young people in any country thinking
that children are a bad idea because it
limits it limits your life so much uh
that's that's sort of an existential
threat I mean that's a big big one so if
if the debt doesn't kill us the lack of
birth rate will do it I think China's
got a bigger problem because they've
created a system where the young people
say why would I raise somebody in this
system the United States hasn't done
that if you told me you know you going
to have a kid and and I know I know
people who are currently in the mode of
having them or about to have them or
just had one and I just feel happy for
them I oh this is all good news more
kids yes more kids
so that might be the defining difference
that allows America to stay somewhere on
top and China to be in big trouble that
we may have created a system where
people are willing to have a child
that's going to be a big deal even with
all the robots coming
online
um and the robots are coming online now
the good thing about the confirmation
hearings is that apparently it seems to
have ended the newest hoax I did not
expect that the Elon gave a Hitler
salute would be as strong as the fine
people hoax but it is they just replaced
the fine people hoax with the Hitler
salute hoax and they're selling it
exactly the same way by showing you part
of the video instead of the whole video
where you see that you know he touched
his heart and said my heart goes out to
you which was the the physical act
and I can't
believe how easily the Democrats are
fooled
unbelievable I was talking to my uh who
I call my smartest Democrat friend um
just by email the other day
and uh I of course I found that we
couldn't have any kind of productive
conversation
because if you make any point you get a
fire hose of accusations about what your
team did and then you can't really argue
that because it's like 10 accusations
and you know what do you do with that so
um I've created the standard which says
I won't have a conversation with you
about politics unless you know that the
fine people hoax was a hoax because if
you do know it then I can help you see
all the other hoaxes
if you insist that that's true despite
the fact that it's the most debunked
hoax in American history and even snow
says it didn't happen if you still
insist it's true no conversation is
worth having not at all and so I told my
friend you know I have to be honest if
we if you can't get past this one hoax
there's nothing else we can talk about
because you're going to if you start
with Trump is Hiller
and you're basing it on these fake news
stories then everything you see is going
to be with the Hitler goggles and I
can't spend my time dehing
people first of all it's impossible and
second of all I don't want to spend my
time that
way so let me just say um if you're a
person who believes that raising your
hand above your waist is a Hiller salute
you're a freaking idiot
have having a conversation about it the
details of it is so
unnecessary here's why you don't have to
see the whole video and you don't have
to read anybody's mind you just have to
ask yourself did one of the smartest
people in the world who was winning
everything at that point like getting
everything he wanted Trump got elected
would he go on stage and give a Hitler
salute you don't have to ask any other
the questions if you think that really
happened in the real world you're a
idiot and if you say but but Scott uh I
saw it with my own eyes then I would say
you're a idiot if that's what
you think you saw but but but all the
reasons all the reasons no you're a
 idiot so we can't let people
argue whether that was or was not
something something that is so stupid so
stupid that is it's not worth discussing
in detail you just have to be a
idiot to think that that happened it's
the same with the fine people Oaks if
you think the president of the United
States got on stage and intentionally
and more than once praised Nazis in
public you're a idiot but but I
saw the video you're a idiot but
but but all the reasons you're a
idiot we're not going to have the the
conversation of how badly you are stupid
all right if you think you're talking
about whether the fine people thing
happened or the salute happened we're
not in that conversation no you explain
to me how you could say something so
stupid and still make it to work like
how in the world do you even get food in
your body if you're that stupid
if you think anybody did those things in
public
cuz your news told you cuz your news
told you then you're stupid we
don't have that conversation it's just a
waste of
time no um let me push back I'm seeing
in the comments just show them all the
times that other people use the salute
no no no no don't do that that's what
I'm saying is a mistake if you enter
their frame you're talking about whether
or not it's possible that that happened
it's not possible you don't have to
enter the frame you don't have to show
them that other people raise their hands
sometimes you don't have to show them
that everybody gets accused of it you
don't have to show them that they're
Hypocrites no no don't get in the weeds
you're idiot if you believe that
what I saw it I saw it no you're a
 idiot as soon as you say the
Democrats do it too you're in you're in
their frame don't get in their frame
stay out of their frame because as soon
as they suck you in then you're
wrestling with the pig and that's what
they want they want you to wrestle with
the pig you should say no wrestling with
a pig is
stupid so you can wrestle all day but
I'm not going to have a conversation
about whether somebody praised Nazis in
public cuz we both know that didn't
happen all right does that make
sense that your persuasion tip of the
day don't enter their
frame and mock them for being in it you
can mock them for even being in that
frame that that would be a good
technique and it's similar to the
mocking the questioner when Trump says
that's a really dumb question good
technique good technique he didn't enter
her frame you see you see Trump didn't
enter the frame the frame was was it a
good idea or a bad idea to talk about
Dei while the tragedy is still you know
top of our mind he didn't enter the
frame he just said that's a dumb
question Perfect all right that's all I
got for you um I'll talk to the uh
locals people privately for a minute my
beloved and the rest of you I'll see you
tomorrow thanks for joining on YouTu and
Rumble and X hope you enjoyed it 30
seconds to privacy
with
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e