bum bum bum bum
hey everybody come on in here it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams and as
you're streaming in here because I know
you don't want to miss it
now you don't today will be a good one
oh yeah today it's all kinds of fun news
the kind that goes well with coffee and
if you're prepared and I know you are
because you're that kind of people you
may already have what you need and all
you need is a cup or a mug or glasses
snifter Stein cellist anchor thermos
flask canteen Grail goblet vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and now get ready for the
dopamine hit of the day hey Hardwick and
the thing that makes everything better
the simultaneous em go oh oh that's a
good simultaneous sipping whoo so
Felicity Huffman has reported to prison
you know about that story from the
College Admission scandals and here's
the the local angle so it turns out that
the the jail that Felicity Huffman is
going to is right down the street from
me practically walking distance it's
technically walking distance is about
five miles but it's a place I Drive by
all the time and I thought to myself
well I should tell William AC to stop by
sometime he'll probably be in the area a
lot probably an easily nice place to
stay so we'll you may see if you're
watching this DM me we can have lunch or
something but it only be two weeks and
then I guess she'll be out so this is
one of the funnier days in the news
all right I'm right so watching a
Schumer announced to the the press the
president Trump had called Nancy Pelosi
either a third-rate politician or a
third-grade politician and they really
needed to figure that out
is it third-rate or is it a third grade
there's some controversy about that so
here's my takeaway first of all the
funniest tweet about this is when you
see the pictures of Schumer and Nancy
Pelosi talking to the press
somebody somebody tweeted a picture of
the two of them and said I heard the
Cryptkeeper and his mom are having a bad
couple of years the Cryptkeeper and his
mom
it's cruel but it's funny
now here's my take away the whole Pelosi
Schumer walking out thing is nothing but
outrage theater and if you know why
outrage theater is or if you don't let
me invite my my partner Dale to come
over and explain it to you
outrage theater goes like this Oh
Tom calls her a third-rate politician
and then she walked him now let me ask
you this how important does how much
importance does Nancy Pelosi and Chuck
Schumer what importance do they put on
saving the Kurds so she goes into a
meeting Pelosi does with Schumer and
Trump and they're trying to literally
save the lives of the Kurds our allies
but they decided not to save the lives
of the Kurds
because Trump may have insulted her what
she decided not to save the lives of the
Kurds because Trump said something mean
and so that was a better thing to do go
to the go to the cameras go to the
microphones and try to win a point with
a little point hi we got him we got him
now he's saying insulting things who
ever imagined the president Trump would
say something insulting
now who was President Trump talking to
with this alleged comment that he or she
mostly she was a third-rate politician
was it the third a politician who's been
calling the president it deranged racist
for the past three years I think if
somebody calls you a deranged racist for
three years and you call them a
third-rate politician I don't even know
if you're even yet I would say the
president actually owes are a few
insults he's a few insults short he
could he could crank it up a little bit
just to get even but I think we can
conclude from this that neither Schumer
nor Pelosi could give a rat's ass about
the Kurds well we're all on that page
right is there anybody who thinks that's
humor and closely care anything about
the Kurds nope I'm gonna make a
prediction here there will be the
strangest prediction given given what
the headlines say I think that Trump's
decision to pull out of Syria will once
the fog of war settles and there's a
little historical context and we know
what's actually turned out instead of
just guessing I think Trump pulling out
of Syria is going to turn into one of
the great decisions of any president and
every time he talks about it and they
mock him for his
let's say his plain-spoken way of just
telling it like it is I can't help
liking him more is that happening to you
too
let me give you some quotes from Trump
about the Syrian situation and I swear I
just like him more every time he talks
like this he said I wish them all a lot
of luck he waved off concerns that he
was providing an opening for Russia Iran
and Syria to swoop in to the area quote
I wish them a lot of luck Trump said if
Russia wants to get involved in Syria
that's really up to them and the
president appeared to make light of the
situation when he said he said they've
got a lot of sand over there so there's
a lot of sand they can play with they've
got a lot of sand over there I can't
tell you how perfectly that explains
what I feel about the situation there's
a lot of sand over there I'm not even
sure if anybody owns it
right I mean at one point I'm sure there
were property rights and stuff but at
the moment I don't even know if any of
anybody owns as sand and there's a lot
of it I probably have enough to share
there's a lot of sand over there there's
no more perfect way to describe how low
our national interest is than to call it
a bunch of sand so he got somehow the
president got all of our enemies and
frenemies to fight over a big pile of
sand and he left he left them to fight
over a pile of sand that's actually what
happened how is this not going to be one
of the greatest decisions the president
ever made because everybody told him he
couldn't do it now I think that the
criticism will start to concentrate on
the question of whether he could have
done it more elegantly
the Kurds better and you know what I
think I I think that no matter what was
gonna happen the Kurds and the Turks
both wanted to fight was er were the
Kurds begging for mercy and saying
please turkey don't attack
let's talk that wasn't happening unless
I'm wrong you know if I hear later that
that did happen and the Kurds were
saying please please help us have a
conversation
don't let the Turks in here today but I
don't think that was happening I think
the Kurds said let's fight
and the Turks said let's fight and Trump
said well there's a lot of sand
good luck fighting over it I don't know
that feels that feels exactly like the
right thing to do so I think history is
going to judge this very kindly like
very very kindly as in it was just sort
of the past like a president numbered it
one of those situations at least in for
him
foreign affairs and the and Trump is
even being honest about the Kurds he
goes the KERS know how to fight and as I
said they're not angels and he's just
acknowledging that you know they're that
all of the Kurds are associated with
part of the Kurds that are flat-out
terrorists at least in terms of Turkey's
perspective so the president is just
saying well we helped them win wasn't
that nice to help us but because we
helped them once that does not obligate
us to help them forever
it doesn't work that way now the way the
illegitimate news is trying to frame
this in the coup by hypnosis
so if you knew this what's going on is a
sort of a slow-motion coup in which the
coup planners are using brainwashing and
hypnosis to do a bloodless clip
bloodless coup and part of that is the
way they're framing the Syrian situation
and they're framing as we've abandoned
our
allies except that both both sides were
out lies one was a NATO ally one was a
different kind of ally we didn't have a
choice of abandoning an ally it was
gonna be one or the other
so that's illegitimate framing by the
hypnosis coup people they also act like
it was impulsive
was it impulsive because I'm pretty sure
the president's been talking about this
forever do you think President Trump was
getting the answer he wanted from his
generals no because the generals never
want to leave the generals don't want to
leave the generals want to finish the
job
so if you spend three years arguing with
your own generals and they haven't
changed your mind and you're the
civilian leader you get to make the
adult decision which he did and the
adult decision was I'm gonna shake the
box some people are gonna die but it's
the fastest way to get to a stable
situation that doesn't involve us dying
so he shut the box and here's what we
don't know so I looked at Fox News
homepage I looked at the CNN homepage
and what I was looking for is an update
on the violence between Turkey and the
Kurds did you find any can you find any
current reporting at all any that would
indicate who's shooting it who how many
are dead can you tell me how many Kurds
have died approximately fewer than 10
fewer than 100 fewer than a thousand I
don't know there's no reporting this er
which leads me to believe not many
now suppose that history says oh my god
the president pulled out and I know 200
Kurds were killed and X number of
Turkish troops were killed in the
process of wanting to fight each other
they both
chose the fight didn't probably didn't
need to because they're gonna work on a
deal and they had that deal all along
they they always could have invited
Russia and they always could have
invited this Aryan said but now they got
flexible so there's that now now what
about all those Isis fighters that got
released here's what I think happened I
think what we'll find out in you know
after the dust settles I think we'll
find out that the Kurds either
intentionally released some low value
Isis family members as opposed to Isis
you know top lieutenants family members
so that they could have a legitimate
story that said Isis is getting away
don't you think the Kurds were behind
that don't you because if they weren't
they're stupid the one thing that
everybody says about the Kurds is that
they're smart and capable if the Kurds
are in fact smart and capable what's the
first thing they should do when Turkey
starts heading toward them the first
thing you do is let a few Isis family
members away get out and say whoops we
don't have enough personnel looks like
some Isis people are getting away maybe
you ought to pay attention to us now it
could be that something got bombed and
some Isis people got away that nobody
wanted to get away and then and then
they didn't have to release them
intentionally but if it turns out that
there was a genuine Isis escape I think
they would have had to do one that was
fake if the real one wouldn't hadn't
happened in other words no matter what
there was a guarantee that some small
number of Isis would escape because that
works for Isis and it would work for the
Kurds in terms of positioning and
framing the situation so I think the
president alluded to that by calling
them you know low value Isis people and
I think that he's sort of wise to the
fact that the so called Isis
scapes are not really Isis escapes now I
think I'm the only person who will say
this in public all you would need is one
curd guard to guard all of the ISIS
prisoners because that really involves
assuming that everybody else had to go
and fight Turkey because that guard
would just go around and machine-gun the
the ISIS people in their cells at least
at least the combatants maybe not the
family of members but you only need one
because they're not gonna let them free
there isn't the slightest chance the
Kurds that go saying you know we
captured all you murderous killers but
you know it looks like we got a
personnel problem we don't have enough
staff I think we'll let you go not a
frickin chance the last Kurd at the
prison is gonna machine-gunned Isis and
if they don't well they got some
explaining to do because even I would
machine-gun Isis if I were the last Kurt
and that's not even a joke put yourself
in this position you're the last Kurd
guarding the ISIS prisoners who have
killed your family members raped their
way across your country and if you let
them go they're gonna do exactly the
same thing again you know they well they
even tell you they will what are you
gonna do you're the last Kurd you're
gonna burn down the jail and you get a
machine gun anybody who's runs out in
flames even I would kill them all I
swear to God no joke I would murder
every Isis prisoner if I'm the last one
with ammunition I can't believe it would
go down any differently with the Kurds
and probably we'll never hear the
details as we don't hear the details
from that area quite often now I
speculated yesterday that one of the
reasons we might not hear about this
the Turks slaughtering the Kurds is that
the Kurds might be a whole lot more
capable than anybody is giving them
credit for and what I mean in particular
is do you think that America left them
with no good weapons and when I say good
weapons I mean the really good stuff I
don't think so I think that when we left
we probably managed to leave them with
some good stuff now yesterday I did hear
from a reliable source who has sources
there I guess that in fact we did leave
them some good stuff now it's just one
source so I can't can't say that that's
confirmed I would need at least one more
source to you know have a legitimate to
source opinion but commonsensical II do
you think we left our allies unarmed
that didn't happen so my guess is that
turkeys bogged down with a combination
of the Syrians and Russians moving in
the Kurds being probably really well
armed oh and here's the here's another
little story we heard before I tell you
this keep in mind that every bit of
reporting on the first few days of a
conflict is likely to be wrong but the
story we heard was that the Kurds were
sending the the families the women and
children toward the Turkish invasion
unarmed men and women the Kurds were
walking toward the Turkish invasion and
and how was that being described it was
big described as they were using them as
human shields is that what was happening
now I don't know if first of all the
reporting is correct but let me
speculate let's say you're the Kurds and
you were part of fighting force and part
of civilians and you're all in the same
places you know you're in urban areas
what would you do if you were the curves
and remember this is you always have to
keep this in mind the Kurds are the most
effective fighting force and the most
strategic they're the most strategic
they're the best in terms of just
figuring out what to do strategically
what was Kurds best way to stay safe
and also defend their territory it was
to send all their women and children and
families toward the invasion not to be
human shields that's the part that the
that the coup people are going to tell
you you know the hypnosis q q would sort
of describe them as human shields
what would Turkey do if they saw a bunch
of dong non-combatants coming their way
would they shoot them I don't think so
it's Turkey you know turkey is gonna
have their issues you know in a war
situation but do you think a standing
Turkish army is going to machine-gun
women and children walking there away
with their hands up no what's it gonna
do it's gonna take all the women and
children out of the blast zone and it's
going to slow down the invasion because
the invaders are gonna have to deal with
all of the non-combatants they're gonna
have to do something what do they do
do they round them up do they feed them
do they just sort of get out of the way
whatever do they negotiate with him do
they you know try to get some
intelligence out of them
whatever the Turks do it's going to slow
them down
and during that time the combatants who
remain fortify their positions so
something tells me that turkeys not
having a good day militarily but we
won't know maybe maybe we'll never know
because there's just no reporting coming
into the area and that tells you
something too right how important was it
for us to stay when once we left it's
not even important enough to report on
now I mean somebody must be trying and
maybe it's just too hard to report it
might be too dangerous I could respect
that if it's just too dangerous but it's
not feeling like a priority is it I feel
as if this were some kind of American
priority we'd have a little bit better
porting out of the area but we don't so
here's some here's some other takes on
this situation
Ian Bremmer called this Trump foreign
policy crisis so they said it's a
foreign policy crisis to which I said
what's the crisis can somebody describe
to me what the crisis is now I've heard
the the speculative what-if crisis the
the what-if speculative crisis goes like
this
if people can't trust the United States
because of our president abandoning the
Kurds that will hurt us later in ways
that we can't quite specify but we'll it
is there a country that won't do a trade
deal with us because of this no is there
a country that won't partner with us
militarily because of this situation no
because what are their other options
partner with us to defeat your local
enemy or don't partner with us and good
luck it turns out that when you're the
strongest country in the world people
still going to work with you because the
second choice is way worse who is not
going to work with the United States no
one all right which countries
uncritically trusted the United States
under all conditions what we promised
we'll do something which countries
believe the United States will
definitely do something if we say we'll
do it
how about nobody how about nobody
believe that because at the very least
we elect a new president every now and
then is there some country that could
trust that the next president won't
reverse everything that this president
did no nobody could trust that we have a
system because democracy our system
guarantees that we can't be trusted we
can never be trusted
because we'll just vote in a different
government and they'll have different
priorities so if there's one thing that
everybody can be sure of is that the
United States can't be trusted forever
because our priorities change and our
government changes they all know that so
what exactly is the crisis is it the few
dozen maybe Kurds who are being killed
is that a United States crisis because
I'm pretty sure people were getting
killed there all the time and I'm pretty
sure something bad was gonna happen
whether we pulled out 50 people or not
so what's the crisis is the crisis the
one that's so bad that nobody's even
reporting on it it's not even on the
front page of any of the news sites the
crisis is what the military will stop
fighting I don't think so
the crisis is that the military will
stop obeying the commander-in-chief not
a chance where we are so far from that
even being worth talking about not even
close
somebody says we lost the moral high
ground well we had the moral high ground
before right we never had the moral high
ground we only said that to ourselves do
you think the do you think Syria and all
those other countries were saying well
we hate the Americans and death to
America but I gotta say they have the
moral high ground no we've never had the
moral high ground why should we pretend
we ever have it nobody has the moral
high ground all there are is countries
pursuing their own best interest that's
all it is and this whole moral
high-ground thing is something that
comes from the hypnosis coup people the
people who are brainwashing you into
thinking that something terrible has
been lost nothing terrible has been lost
because there was nothing there to lose
we never had the moral high ground it's
just something we said we never had the
moral high ground
we never wanted it it's just countries
pursuing their own
self-interest every time no exceptions
right why is it we're not mobilizing to
send billions of dollars into Africa to
bring their standard of living up to
hours why where's our moral high-ground
we didn't have any there's no national
self-interest in using our blood and
treasure to fix countries that are
they're not well-off now we do give some
money to countries because we think it
gives us some leverage with them but
that's about leverage we do give money
to South Central American countries or
at least we used to I don't know if we
are now because we think it might help
their economy and that helps us because
it would reduce immigration just one
small example but it's always
self-interest countries operate on
self-interest
there was no moral high-ground nobody
had it if you could find the moral high
ground and you went up to it you'd be
all alone Switzerland isn't there Japan
isn't there Russia isn't there
China isn't there nobody's there we
never had the moral high ground because
that would require other people to agree
that we were there nobody would agree to
that nobody would agree here's what I
think this whole Syria thing that
withdrawal part is going to look like
one some time is gone by I've used this
example before of corporations will
always say oh we have this employee
who's so important you can never fire
this employee because they're just so
critical and then one day that employee
quits and you check back in a year and
everything's the same you can really
spin yourself up into believing things
are important that are not important why
is it that we think there's a crisis
with a Syria thing I can't think of any
idea honestly I don't even have a I
don't even have a theory do you it's
only a crisis because the coup plotters
are brainwashing the public to
some kind of a crisis is happening
literally nothing bad has happened now
did something bad happen to the Kurds
yes who chose that bad path
the Kurds as far as I can tell they
weren't begging for peace they weren't
begging to have a conversation they
thought a little bit of war would get
them to a better place a little bit of
war and then maybe yet offer some peace
because then you get a better peace deal
right if you if you don't offer a little
bit of war you're not gonna get the same
deal I don't think we can take
responsibility for turkey making
decisions that kill people it's kind of
not our problem
we could stop it but we could stop a lot
of bad things in the world and we don't
do that where's our moral high ground in
stopping whatever a country's got some
civil war why are we not moving our
troops into Yemen to stop that horrible
Civil War why not but where's our high
ground why are we not moving it to Yemen
is it because we have no national
interest in Yemen yes we have no
national interest in Yemen so we have no
troops there guess where else we don't
have any national interest in and by the
way if I were to describe this situation
tell me if you should stay around or
leave here's the situation well it looks
like it's going to be a mess between
Assad's Syria whatever is left of it
Russia Iran Kurds and Turkey and they're
all going to have to sort things out and
they're fighting over the same sand that
pretty well describes the situation
right does that sound like a place you
want to be to me that sounds like the
place you leave if you tell me if that's
what's going on in any part of the world
at any time anywhere my first reaction
is get out of there get the hell out of
there there's nothing good that can
happen by injecting Americans into that
mess sometimes you got to get back to
your own backyard right now when we
inject ourselves into the lives of say
Hondurans well at least they're
neighbors you know at least you got some
commonality common interest because of
geography well man we got nothing
nothing going on over there so that's my
prediction that Trump will not only
weather this crisis that's no crisis at
all as far as I can tell but that it
will you will in retrospect look like
one of the great decisions that's my
opinion now I know there are people here
who are saying Scott you apologist you
will apologize for anything but I put a
prediction out there and so we'll be
able to check that in the future all
right so I guess a bunch of Republicans
joined with a bunch of Democrats to do
some kind of a resolution in Congress
against the president's decisions does
that mean anything does it mean anything
that even Republicans are complaining
about pulling troops out here's the
thing do you remember the prank phone
call between there was some prankster
who got through to Lindsey Graham and
got him on the phone and pretended to be
somebody from Turkey and what what did
Lindsey Graham start talking about
almost instantly Lindsey Graham sneered
that conversation almost instantly to
buying weapons systems from the United
States do you think that's because he
thought that would be good for the for
the regional security or do you think
Lindsey Graham always recommends what's
good for the military-industrial complex
because I like I like me some Lindsey
Graham on a lot of different topics so
there are a lot of things where I say a
good job and I think Lindsey Graham
actually is benefiting
from president Trump's let's say model
he's adopted some of the effective parts
of his persuasion so I think Lindsey
Graham is a good productive Patriot but
all evidence suggests that anything he
can support that would sell a weapon
system he is in favor of it now I
realize that's you know that's a big
accusation what I'm saying is that the
pattern I observe is that whenever
Lindsey Graham is involved he's trying
to sell some weapons to somebody because
that an accident I mean can you take
that guy seriously secondly how many
Republicans are there in Congress who
also have some kind of connection to
where the weapons industry a lot of them
right the the thing that you should look
for is how can the Republicans ever be
wrong by telling the president he didn't
leave in the right way because remember
they get to have it both ways the people
who are not the decision-makers the the
the peanut gallery who is criticizing
the president be they Democrats or be
they Republicans they get the advantage
of they can criticize the way he left
and still be okay with the fact that he
left they get it both ways so oh yeah we
we also agree that we should get out of
there but I'm gonna criticize the way
you did it because that that makes me
look awesome to people so I think you
have to see the Congress's vote as
really just peacocking people people
showing off for the public a I would
have made a better decision or I would
have talked to my allies before I did
that so that's really all about them it
has nothing to do with the president
meanwhile Moody's and I think there was
one other entity that did the same you
use their forecasting powers to say that
Trump will win in a landslide and I
think what they look at is mostly
economic stuff so if the economy on
several variables is
I'm strong that's very predictive and
Moody's Moody's has been winning in
literally a landslide and I think there
was one other entity that made a similar
kind of prediction so now let me ask you
this let's say you are a Democrat let's
say that you have been rolled up in the
hypnosis ku now the hypnosis Q is the
brainwashing that's going on that's
telling people that the president is
committing atrocious legal crimes and
betrayal and B selling his office and
he's in it for himself and he's
impulsive and crazy
so that version of the world how did
they reconcile that version of the world
with legitimate third party saying he's
gonna win reelection in a landslide how
did they reconcile that now the way I
reconciled it is oh it's obvious there's
part of the country is brainwashed into
thinking something's happening when I
can observe nothing's happening that the
phone call was a big nothing the Ukraine
phone calls the big nothing and all the
rest is a big nothing even if every part
of the facts are true the way we see
them it still doesn't add up to anything
so I see a bunch of nothing the people
who have been brainwashed into a version
of reality that's scary and evil are
seeing a lot so my my worldview is
completely consistent with everything I
I can explain why they see things
falsely and I can explain why it's why
the president is predicted to win in a
landslide because the facts are pretty
much in his favor the persuasion not so
much so the president tweeted so the
president tried to beat Pelosi to the
meltdown word so Pelosi is accusing the
president of having a meltdown over that
meeting that closely and Schumer walked
Donna
and the president quickly tweeted that
she's having a meltdown so they're
they're trying to be first to frame it
as a meltdown by the other now do you
think that either of them had a meltdown
no it's two sides claiming the other
hand of meltdown nobody had any
meltdowns the Pelosi and Schumer went in
there they took a political excuse to
walk out and and sell out the Kurds
because really let's face it Schumer and
Pelosi sold out the Kurds by leaving a
meeting over a minor insult in the
context of Pelosi and Trump insulting
them each other every day these two
leaders have insulted each other every
day for years not quite every day but
you know what I mean so the fact that
she chose this one time to walk out
because cameras were outside and she
didn't make a stand and get a little
attention and get her two little points
and she sold out the Kurds for for a
moment in front of a camera what's worse
than that I don't know it's hard to
think of anything that would be worse
than that all right let's see what else
we got here would you like to hear a
kill shot for Elizabeth Warren's
campaign I know you do
all right let me tell you how to had a
guarantee that Elizabeth Warren cannot
be President this assumes she gets the
nomination which by the way I do not
predict I predict you will not get the
nomination but here's how easily Trump
could take around you ready the economy
is doing great do you want to do
something that is super risky done the
economy is doing great everybody hears
that and says yeah that's mostly true do
you want to do something that's super
risky nope
do you know who votes older people do
you know up do you know how older people
don't want risk do you know when they do
want risk when things are going terrible
if things are going really poorly people
will take on some risk to change the
situation because it's like well we
can't let this keep going poorly we're
gonna have to take on some risk what do
people do when you've got a 3.5 percent
unemployment and almost every major
economic indicator except I guess that
is looking good do you walk out and vote
that guy on the office never never never
you if Trump tries to argue that
socialism is good or bad well people are
kind of locked in right
Democrats say well we think socialism is
good or we're a little bit of it you
know whether the socialism is just in
terms of let's say education and health
care you can't say socialism is bad and
win the argument because there are other
people say hey it's working and it's
working in Europe it's working in Canada
so don't tell me it's bad because I'm
watching it work these are examples you
can go look for yourself you don't have
to wonder if it works just look at it
it's working in Denmark so you can't win
the my system is better than your system
but here's how you can win every time to
change our system that much everybody
would agree is risky
that's risk is not something that people
will argue with because even the people
who think they want to radically
transform our economy and that's the way
they are talking between the green New
Deal and the democratic socialist
policies they are expressly saying let's
make a big change any big change is
risky there's no exception to that if
you're talking about a big change to the
biggest economy on the planet that's
actually the biggest risk you could ever
imagine
I doubt there would be a bigger risk
than any kind of a large transformation
of an economy our our size so that's the
kill shot the kill shot is not
capitalism beat socialism even though it
does the kill shot is capitalism has
given us a great economy if you want to
change that great economy a lot you
can't guarantee you know where that ends
I can pretty much guarantee I know where
socialism goes because we've got lots of
experience and we're watching it so
that's the kill shot Warren can never
get elected with that matchup all right
let's talk about all right so Elijah
Cummings died at age 68 a very respected
member of Congress and then the weird
tragic race as part of it is that
there's another member of Congress named
John Lewis who apparently people on
social media and maybe in the press are
confusing now I saw the picture of the
two of them side by side and of course I
could tell them apart easily but I know
some of you could not so don't confuse
your John Lewis's with your Elijah
Cummings we're trying to respect Elijah
Cummings today and let's not bring John
Lewis into the conversation now I don't
want to say any more about that because
it's too easy to get misinterpreted so
let's just respect the fact that he's
been he was a dedicated public servant
and a lot of people have a lot of
respect for him and today's the day not
to say bad people bad things about
anybody at least under those situations
all right that's all I got that's all I
got today I'm using all of my control
this is my new thing I'm doing when I
get trolled on on Twitter and the troll
is using some form of loser think you
know a bad thinking technique I'm using
the trolls to advertise my book so
you're gonna see a lot of this when the
trolls come after me with their personal
insults and their lack of context you
will often see me recommending that they
rate my book because turns out that it's
the perfect response all right
it's a funny day let's get to it
and let's see if we can all survive the
crisis I think I can make it talk to you
tomorrow