L good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams sometimes
just cwsa if you're in the cool group
you want people to wonder what you're
talking about you don't want to give up
too much just say oh yeah I was watching
the cwsa you don't know what that is oh
I feel sorry for you but for the rest of
you if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that you'll be
talking about for decades all you need
is a peer M Glass a tanker chelse
ofstein a canteen Jugger flask a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now and
all the rest of you
colonizers for the for the simultaneous
sip it happens now
go oh yeah that's some
good that's some good stuff right
there well uh if you don't
mind would you would you agree that we
need a light news day everybody on board
for
this uh I don't know about you but my
brain and body have just been crushed
lately and while we
cannot um ignore the horrors that are
happening around the world we can take a
little bit of a time off right so I'm
going to talk about some silly news
today I mean it's real news it's in the
headlines but most of it is kind of
silly and I don't know if you noticed oh
I can't show you the don't look yet
don't look I'm going to show you how a
hypnotist sees Politics on the
Whiteboard but first uh there's a video
out of Representative Jamal Bowman a
proud member of the so-called Squad but
really not the not the member that the
rest of the squad is too proud of at the
moment uh cuz he's the one that pulled
the fire alarm and now we see video of
him tearing off the signs of the door
that say something about the
alarm and it turns out that everything
he said about that event was a lie and
it's all on
video now there's not much to say about
it except that he did an insanely stupid
thing and then he lied about
it without realizing there might be a
video camera
on the exit
so I can't wait to see what uh great
ideas he brings to Congress uh I hope
he's sponsoring some bills and stuff
because he seems like quite the leader
quite the
leader but yeah he still has his job no
problem no nobody sees that as a problem
of any
kind um I continue to use my technique
of not arguing with Democrats who are uh
brainwashed now I don't think
everybody's brainwashed you know not the
whole world or anything like that but on
X you see people who are clearly just
brain damaged by the news and I mean
that literally their brains are actually
damaged by watching news that is just so
biased that their idea of their own
reality is so distorted It could only be
called brain damage now you know what
the difference is between
brainwashing and brain damage do you
know what the difference is none none
because in both cases your brain would
be degraded and you couldn't use it it
is just brain damage so if you're
watching only one side of the news and
it's just giving you one side of the
view and it wouldn't matter if it's just
left or just right you're kind of brain
damaged and we should understand it that
way these are not people with different
preferences and you know different
priorities and we're working out the
details nothing like that's happening no
half of the country is literally
literally using the word correctly here
literally brain damaged from the news
they consume primarily by just sticking
with one type of news that would
absolutely give you brain damage and if
you think it's just stuff you watch on
TV wow you're in real trouble it's brain
damage um so when I see it and
somebody'll be like blah blah blah some
talking points I saw on on
CNN I just don't engage because engaging
what would it do you're talking to
somebody who's literally got a brain
problem would would you treat somebody
who had some other kind of brain damage
the same as you would treat people who
didn't have brain damage you wouldn't
you would treat them with if you're not
a jerk and you understood what was
happening you would treat them with
sympathy so now I just respond that uh
that I'm sorry that their new sources
did this to them and then they
complained a little bit more why won't
you come and fight with me and I just
say I'm really sorry what they
did and just walk away because do you
really think that debate is going to
somehow improve the
situation it would be like yelling is
somebody with a mental you know some
mental problem to just not have a mental
problem stop having that mental problem
that doesn't really
work so don't get in a fight with people
who have mental
problems um which makes me want to go to
the Whiteboard I'm going to the
Whiteboard early anybody with me who's
with me whiteboard premature
whiteboard let's do with this
I'll get you all mad before you hear the
rest of the
news I had a really good night of sleep
last night it feels
weird all right here is what I call the
hypnotist view of politics I don't know
if all hypnotist see it this way but I
do I see Politics as not a Continuum as
some people do where there's a far left
on the left and there's a far right on
the right I see it as a circle
where um on the left of the circle is
let's call it the team left you know the
Democrats on the right is team right and
at the bottom at the farthest to the
left and the farthest to the right if
you thinking of it as a circle they come
together as racists they're just racists
about different things so the farthest
right would be racist against you know
people of color the farthest left would
be racist against the
colonizers people like me so basically
these are just a bunch of horrible
people uh and whether they're left or
right has some detailed differences but
it's basically the the worst of humanity
basically now the least brainwashed
people would be at the top let me give
you an example of a a person who is
political still political but not
brainwashed necessarily all right I'm
going to say that everybody's a little
bit brainwashed wased cuz if you
identify with a
team you are
brainwashed does everybody understand
that simply identifying as a team
guarantees that you're a little bit
brainwashed maybe not enough to be
crippled but a little bit there's no
exceptions to that if you're a human
being and you identify with a political
team you're brainwashing yourself but
it's still brainwashed I mean you're
you're sort of volunt arily saying ah
this is my team and you start to adopt
all those views how often do you ever
see somebody who disagrees with their
own
team pretty rare right pretty rare it
happens but let's say there's a Democrat
to sort of middle of the road and the
Democrat says you know what I always
thought Trump had something about that
wall that's probably somebody who's not
too brainwashed would you agree a
Democrat who says you know I got to say
the wall thing made
sense that that would be a very strong
signal of somebody you could talk to
somebody who's you know maybe likely to
look at the facts Etc right now there's
probably there's probably a similar
example like that for Republicans you
know something that a a middle- of the
road Republican might say you know I'll
okay I'll give you an example a middle
of the road a republican might say
oh and actually do they say things like
if you're an adult and you leave our
kids
alone and and you want to be trans or
gay married why do I even care what's
that got to do with me now that that
would be like somebody who's probably
not too
brainwashed but identifies as
Republican somebody says Rhino
maybe but but I think if you're uh
yelling Rhino you're you're yelling that
people need to be on a team and I'm not
sure that that's productive anyway so
this is how the hypnotist sees it so the
reason that I can fluidly move around
this circle wherever I want currently
I'm registers as a Democrat but most my
audience leans right and the reason I'm
sort of irrelevant to the circle is the
only thing I'm trying to do is stay out
of the
bottom I just tried to avoid the
bottom that's it otherwise I want to you
know here your argument on both
sides so that ladies and gentlemen is
how I see
politics all right there's new video
which you might be interested in uh
Joshua lysac and I are talking on a new
video just dropped uh but this time
instead of just talking about the usual
things that people talk about we're
talking about writing a book for reasons
that have puzzled me a little bit but
I've noticed this since I became an
author people are really really curious
about the process like what like what's
your mental process when you approach
something like writing and you might
love this one more than my other
interviews if you like processing stuff
you know you want to see a little bit
behind the the curtain so I recommend
that you can find that on Joshua lysx uh
thread on X or mine probably can search
for on YouTube too all
right um big news big news on
UFOs uh special UFO secrets were put
into a skiff those places where you
can't take a copy and you can't bring
your phone but you go into a room that's
well protected and if you're a special
person of Congress you can look at top
secret American Secrets as long as you
don't talk about them too specifically
and as long as you don't take a copy so
it's a skiff
so um apparently Congress demanded more
information and so a special skiff was
created of UFO
secrets finally finally at least members
of our Congress can find out the real
truth about the dead aliens that we have
in storage and all of their many
spaceships so we have a huge Warehouse
facility they
say and the results from the ski for uh
oh nothing new no nothing new
so so that was a big
surprise that was a big surprise to
people like
me oh it I'm starting to think the UFOs
are not
real starting to have that suspicion
that maybe we don't have a big Locker
full of dead aliens I don't know just
starting to think maybe it's not true
that's just
well um Robert F Kennedy Jr tells us and
oh my God this is scary so yesterday an
intruder climbed over his fence at his
home and was arrested and then after
being released from police custody later
in the day he immediately returned to my
home and was arrested
again now you might know the background
to the story that uh RFK Jr has asked
for um secret service protection and has
been denied by Biden now you might say
to yourself but but but Scott I read I
saw that story sure you
did the story the Democrats are seeing
is that he's not
eligible that's what Democrats are
seeing that that's the news that is
abusing Democrats right now is that he's
not
eligible
well let me say this as clearly as
possible first of all I'm pretty sure he
is eligible because there's some
precedent with Biden I'm sorry president
with
Obama who was also not technically
eligible but got it anyway do you know
why Obama got protection even though
maybe it wasn't technically
eligible because there was a real good
chance somebody was going to
kill him that's
why you need a better reason than that
really yeah you're going to look at the
paperwork
right who the hell is going to look at
the paperwork to decide if you're going
to save somebody's
life I mean how evil is that it's not
like we you know ran out of money for
this one
thing
so just think about this uh Joe Biden's
plan right now is to jail his main
Challenger for the White House Trump and
to leave the other one vulnerable to
assassination that's happening right in
front of
us now none of those
things are really controversial in terms
of the facts I'm pretty sure that if
Biden administration led by Biden wanted
to not have local States and whatever
Prosecuting uh Trump I'm pretty sure
they could make it happen you know
through a political process not
necessarily a legal one
which would be the more reasonable thing
to do but right in front of us with
let's say the tacit blessing of the
White House which you know they do bless
it we're trying they're trying to Jail
the the the person who's leading in the
polls he's leading in the polls and his
Challenger is trying to put him in jail
for any thing they can come up
with if they can you know concoct
anything that looks like a
crime and and that in that context
they're leaving the you know some would
say one of the strongest contenders I
think V's pretty strong you know in the
next tier but to leave this guy
vulnerable to actually
assassination and you know it's a risk
you know it's an outside risk it's not a
normal risk it's way above average risk
and you're going to leave him
unprotected right now if you can't if
you can't say that a Democrat absolutely
needs to be protected from a clear and
obvious risk just because you're a
republican well then you kind of
suck right it has nothing to do with
anybody's politics or who's what but
this isn't really political you don't
let a
human citizen of the United States be
unprotected in this scenario when that
citizen is running to help the United
States he seems to be primarily
motivated by making something right you
know fixing
stuff anyway this is one of the most
evil things I've ever seen and yet
there's no move to impeach Biden over it
what could be more impeachable than
trying to jail your biggest opponent and
intentionally leaving the other one
vulnerable to assassination can you
think of anything that would be more
worthy of taking somebody out of
office now know maybe it doesn't
technically violate any laws I to beach
him anyway I mean at some point you just
got to you you got to put down a
marker well in other funny news uh turns
out that uh Maggie
Haberman uh made Trump angry with a New
York Times story about his gag order
that he didn't like uh and so now Trump
has uh given a new nickname to uh who
used to be Maggie Haberman and forever
more she will be called now maggot
Haberman Maggie
Haberman
now the thing I like about it of course
I do like it I like it for the
entertainment value but I also like it
for the you know watching the persuasion
elements of it and I love the fact that
he waited so long to attack her this
hard I mean he's actually been friendly
with Maggie hman even when she's been
vicious to him for years I don't know
why I never really understood it but he
would you know Grant her access and
stuff but now he's just going full out
Mega Haberman and what what do I love
better than the president of the United
States calling out the fake news and
calling one of their star reporters a
maggot you know if if we lived in normal
times this would be so far over the line
right I would never ever want my
president or my presidential top
Contender to be calling a news person a
maggot under no conditions except this
one would I think that was acceptable in
this case I think it's actually not not
just acceptable practically mandatory
practically
mandatory and if you take it too
seriously you're doing it wrong uh so
don't take it too seriously but I but I
can remember a time when this would have
been the biggest story in the country
can you imagine the early days of trump
if he'd called Maggie hean a maggot it
would be a sexism story first am I right
it would be all about the sexism oh oh
he's not calling you know Jim aosta
maggot he's just saying other things but
oh the woman is a maggot oh oh oh the
guys are just you know some other thing
but you're calling the woman a magot
right it was only a few years ago that
would have been the story but Trump has
made was so accustomed to his technique
that now it's just a minor story that he
called a major name in the news a
maggot not only did he call her a maggot
but he's branded her that's now her her
name going forward for the rest of time
uh to at least
trumpers well here's here's the most
interesting story of the day and I'm
just
boggled apparently and I think I
mentioned this uh Linda yarini said that
uh the X platform which was Twitter
might actually be
profitable in 2024 for the first time
now that would be the most remarkable
business turnaround I've ever witnessed
by far but that's not even close to the
full
story the full story is is just
mind-boggling but let me just give you
like a little taste of it here are some
things we learned just yesterday that uh
X is aiming to Ru out Roll Out full
payment plus Financial Services by the
end of
2024 by the end of this coming year the
xplatform will be an online
bank where you can pay people and do
other Financial Services
unnamed now given the amount of time
that I spend logged into
a would I ever use venmo
don't know why why would I log out of
something and then open another app
would I ever use Google pay I have it I
use it sometimes but if I had X I
wouldn't use anything else because I'm
already there all the time
anyway so that's totally going to
succeed Creator payouts will increase
significantly
hello so uh I'd like to do
reasonable full
disclosure that um I am monetized on the
X platform I'm a Creator who so I'm
monetized two different ways one is
there's a subscription you hit the
button in my profile and you can watch
the the dilbur reborn comic and I think
I'm going to launch the Dilbert calendar
digital only on there as well but also
on the Scott adams. locals.com platform
you can see both of those and on locals
lots more other my other Comics Etc
but um on the X on the xplatform alone
I've got the dilbur stuff and the
subscription and I've got um the the
money that they pay just for the
engagement that I bring through my
comments comment sections between the
two of them you know it's actually weird
I'm having trouble figuring out how much
they're paying me because it's not once
a month it's at these random times so I
end up like eyeballing it like uh looks
like this much per month but you have to
sort of eyeball it but I I'm already
well
over um six
figures so the xplatform is is returning
to me through those two two
mechanisms um you know over 100,000 a
year so that that's fairly big account
um but growing it's also growing quite
quickly uh the the subscription part is
growing faster than the um just traffic
part but that it's actually a legitimate
business you know I I have other ways I
can make money as well but if you were
if you were just trying to make a
living um and you could you could be
fascinating and get up to you know a
million followers there there are a
number of people you can name them as
well who who have somehow amazingly got
a million followers on the xplatform
which is what I have and but they
weren't they weren't starting out as
famous yeah Mike cernovich the most
impressive uh tweeter of all time
probably
um and and now they can build this into
a real business so that's impressive
anyway so the other thing is uh the
xplatform could launch a dating feature
love it you know what I'd like to see in
a dating feature I would like the
algorithm to figure out who likes the
same stuff I do
boom
right what what would be better than to
be matched based on your activity on the
xplatform you you put two people
together who seem to like the same stuff
on X how are they not going to have a
fun dinner right like they might not
fall in love but you know getting
together for coffee would totally be fun
like you could
guarantee basically guarantee that the
first date would be
pretty
good so that's a genius
idea uh they could launch a video player
that'll be integrated into TV is good um
they're seeing over 500 million posts
and over 100 billion Impressions per day
holy cow uh they think they can build a
viable LinkedIn competitor which is
interesting can you imagine a LinkedIn
competitor using the xplatform so you
you can know about their social media
life as well as their business life at
the same
time because what's the point of
learning about somebody's business life
only on LinkedIn because you really sort
of want to know what they're saying
about what do you think about Gaza you
know what I mean you know what I mean
I'd like to know what they say think
about Gaza before I hire them so that's
genius totally genius to combine those
um
they're achieving technical parody and
that might even surpass YouTube in their
video player holy cow I mean the big
advantage of YouTube is that it's
technically remarkable I mean just
unbelievable YouTube is whatever you
want to complain about their censor
censorship their technical
um just confidence is
insane yeah YouTube is just I I think of
that and I think of Amazon as maybe the
two most spectacular technical
accomplishments of all time the the fact
that Amazon works almost every time when
you think of the scale of it I mean
that's just so mindboggling the level of
Excellence that it takes to make those
things
work
um and uh and most says that X's
progress over the past year may be the
fastest change of any internet company
maybe
maybe I think you could get rid of the
maybe there there's nobody who's changed
this much at that
scale
ever ever there's no way there's anybody
was ever close to this do you think
there
is I mean I've never seen a pivot like
this is like a a a 10-point
pivot it's
incredible
and anyway and they're going to have
some kind of newswire service called
x-wire we don't know what that is yet
but if x starts integrating
news how exactly would they do it you
know that that's a fun mental exercise
if you were going to recreate news from
scratch and you had to solve the thing
that nobody solved first nobody's
figured out how to do this make people
want to see it so it's a little bit
addictive and you're also trying to be
true that's the Holy Grail no nobody's
ever done that but X could do it X could
do it by bringing in both
arguments let let me describe my perfect
uh service on X it would be there be a
new story and then what x would do is
make sure that you paired the best
arguments pro and con for the story you
do that for for me and I will just I'll
just like die happy it would be the fix
for the
country let let me say it
again if x could pull this off and I
don't think there's anybody else who
could frankly I think this is this is so
only Elon Musk could do it that you
wouldn't even I wouldn't even imagine
anybody else doing it he could actually
pair the story with the pro and the con
and somehow the algorithm could make the
best argument on both sides pro and con
rise to the top because they get more
likes or
whatever it would be
amazing there there's somebody here who
say they're losing respect
here
really well what what was I doing
recently that was causing you to lose
respect was it that I suggested it' be
good to see both
sides you hate
that all right you see every kind of
mentalillness
online uh you remember those Boston
Dynamic robots that have been scaring
you for about 10 years CU they walk walk
around like people and then then they
built the little robot dog and that
scared you twice as much cuz it looks
like some monster from
Hell well what's the only thing that
could make you scarier
I will suggest adding AI to it so now it
can operate autonomously and there's a
video you can see it on my my thread uh
of the dog giving somebody a tour of
their warehouse and saying saying in a
British accent well why don't you come
over here just follow me that's the
worst British accent of all time I
apologize to everybody who has any
association with England for what I just
did I feel like I should just quit
now no I'm not going to quit but it was
a terrible terrible accent and I'll
never do it again in
public
Impressions not my
thing all right but uh the point is you
really got to see that dog walking
around and talking like a a British
Aristocrat while giving a tour of the
warehouse now if you tell me you don't
want one of those
dogs well I just I don't even know you
who wouldn't want on a robot dog they
could follow them around and answer
questions in a conversational way oh I'd
like that a lot I assume it would be
connected to the internet wouldn't
it I want to do Google searches by robot
dog that's the only way I want to do it
I do not want
to pick up my phone oh you have to
unlock your phone oh well there's a
message here no no ignore the message I
meant to go to Google go to Google
misspelled it Google misspelled it
godamn it Google go o okay there's
Google I ask a question and search
through all the garbage and the
sponsored ads and you know that that's
what searching is today just completely
broken
process but imagine your robot dog is
walking around the house with you and
you just go robot
dog uh could you tell me something about
the history of Gaza fill me in well yeah
Scot I would love to damn it damn it
that was an Indian accent I was trying
to do British again I just can't do it
why can't I do a British accent what's
wrong with me anyway
um here's something I've learned from
the internet from the relationship gurus
now if you're in a relationship or have
ever been in one or would like to be in
one here's some of the most important
things you'll ever learn about
heterosexual relationships now I would
make no claim that this applies to the
lgbtq community more broadly but it's
sort of a a hetero thing because a lot
of the relationship experts are hetero
types and uh here are the three things
that I've learned that are pretty much
guaranteed number one um there are three
things that would guarantee a failed
relationship number one the man does not
give the woman Everything She
Wants CU if the man doesn't give her
everything she wants she'll got to look
for somebody who will so that doesn't
work number two man always gives um yeah
man always gives woman everything she
wants you would think that would be the
solution to man does not give woman
everything she wants because then she
won't need to look for somebody because
you're giving her everything she wants
but I'm told by the experts if a man
gives a a woman everything she wants she
will think he's a s and uh not any kind
of Alpha Man and then she'll go
searching for a better
man so don't do that now the third thing
that doesn't work is if the woman
doesn't need anything from the man in
the first place in which case you'll
cheat on him because you know he's not
really adding much to her life anyway so
don't do any of these three things do
not give a woman Everything She Wants do
not uh give woman uh all almost
everything she wants and uh do not be
with a woman who already has everything
She
Wants now the good news is those are
just the three things that don't work so
you're saying to yourself my God that
sounds
terrible right but you know I'm not done
with the story hold on hold on it's not
all doom and gloom because I've been
listening to a lot of these relationship
experts and I can tell you for sure they
don't just tell you what doesn't
work they also tell you what works to
make a long happy relationship and
here's their
list all right next story um you know
that guy who's missing who killed a
bunch of people in Maine um his name is
card no
car um so they found car's
car car's car was left at a boat dock
now I have a personality
flaw which I cannot hide well quite a
few of them actually but one of them
that I have is uh I Som sometimes have
respect for the wrong people I'm not
proud of it I'm just confessing so for
example if there's a dictator who is
pure evil but they're also really good
at being a dictator I say to myself
okay evil sure but really good at the
job right really good at the
job um no Hitler wasn't good at his job
because he got
killed there there's no upside to Hitler
in fact as nor McDonald says the more I
find out about that guy the less I like
him yeah that's nor McDonald but
anyway I also have this personality flaw
where when there's a mass murderer
who's unusually
capable I can't turn off the fact that
I'm impressed so this guy is you know
pure and he killed innocent people
and he should be ripped apart by dogs
and you know I have full empathy for the
victims as any normal person
should but something's going on with
this guy that isn't like other
killers and we haven't quite figured it
out
but he did he seems to have done
everything right first of all he's a
Wilderness guy so he's a weapons expert
and a Wilderness guy and he's got some
you know
training uh so if there was anybody
who's going to do a terrible crime and
then get away with it it would be this
guy and he seems to have done everything
right except one thing that's a little
suspicious which makes me think
there's something to it it goes like
this here are the things he did I'll say
right but in an evil way so he was he
picked
a an area where he could operate and
there were no uh I guess there was
nobody armed to shoot back so that was
good I mean good in evil way um he was
you know trained and had high-powered
weapons he had a nice scope he you know
you know so he basically had all that
done and he also spent very little time
doing what he
did then apparently the car that he was
using his car they say he left it at a
boat dock and apparently he owns a 15t
boat that I assume is
missing so the assumption is that he
murdered people drove to the boat dock
got in his boat and when I thought about
it I said to myself I don't think
there's anything harder to track than a
boat is there is that true is that like
the perfect you know the dogs can't find
you um you you know if you were doing
the I guess I guess the law enforcement
now has this heat identifying thing
infrared so they could fly a helicopter
over the forest and they they could pick
out pick out an animal or a person so
that's how they find somebody who's
who's escaped into the main Forest but
here's the beauty
the boat dock also has a hiking trail
next to it but also it's a parking lot
so the guy drove to a place where the
authorities don't know if he hiked away
boed away or got in another vehicle and
left now you tell me have you ever seen
a more
capable terrible
person the the level of capab ility that
that implies is crazy
now but how do you
explain that he showed his face and made
no attempt to mask his face when clearly
a person with that capability would know
that he would be captured on video how
do you explain
that well one of the parts that is
interesting is that the the
identification of the person they're
looking for this guy car in my opinion
doesn't look enough like the
video to to identify him positively from
the video so indeed that's why law
enforcement was calling him a person of
interest because they had a video of a
guy doing the crime and they had a photo
of the guy they suspect and I you have
to know I'm
sure that the law enforcement people had
this big argument behind the scenes I
don't think that's him no it is kind of
he's got the beard maybe he left he lost
weight I think it's just the angle of
the
photo and then
somehow the the guy who's the per also
has a established record of saying he
might do such a thing and being a
weapons expert and a military
guy and he was released from from some
facility so it was like every bad thing
and then he had access to
weapons so
but why did he show his face see the the
showing the face part is a part that
doesn't fit with all of the uh super
prepared other
parts right because what advantage would
he have that police could immediately
identify
him wouldn't that be the opposite of
somebody who's so prepared that they
drive their car to the best place you
could ever escape from the the three-way
different Escape paths
so I'll I'll just round another
hypothesis very unlikely and you should
vote against it like if you had a bet
you should bet that my hypothesis is
wrong the most likely explanation is
it's a crazy guy with a lot of
capabilities and he didn't care about
his identity because he he knew he had
to disappear like they knew he would
figure out who he was anyway so there's
no point in figuring you know he didn't
need to he didn't really need to hide
his
identity CU allegedly he left a
note that you know told where some of
his financial stuff could be found so
maybe he wanted people to know that he
was the
guy so that his relatives could go you
know take care of his house or whatever
so maybe you wanted them to know but
they would have found out fairly soon
you know they would have found out so
here's another hypothesis this is more
the the TV movie hypothesis
that there there is a guy this car and
he was a gun instructor and he did have
these mental conditions but that um
somebody simply dressed like him to do
the crime and that his body will be
found in an unusual place so here's what
I'm
predicting if if it turns out they have
the wrong guy then the guy that they
have identified this car guy they will
find his body
uh and he will look murdered but it will
be in a place that doesn't make sense
it'll be like his body was you know in
the woods or something you know just
someplace that doesn't make
sense that would suggest that somebody
used him as the py um shaved off their
beard drove away maybe maybe put
somebody else in a boat or set the boat
out my guess is here's how I would have
done it
I would have taken my car to my boat and
then I would have taken my boat to some
Far Away place on the lake where I had
another
vehicle then I would take the other
vehicle and I would take that to you
know my true hiding place that's how I'd
play it so I'm sure it's exactly what
they say you know most likely is exactly
what it looks like but there's something
about the fact that it doesn't look like
the picture and he's so
capable that just
screams something
weird somebody says they think he might
have been wearing a mask during the
crime maybe who knows but they but yeah
maybe
um all right let's see who's uh got free
speech lately let's say uh there's a an
agent who got
cancelled CAA agent by uh Aaron sorin
because the CAA CAA is the big Agency
for you know there there's one biggest
Hollywood agency CA so one of their
agents who handled eron
sorin um said some Pro uh Pro Gaza
things I guess and uh so she got fired
and got taken off committees and stuff
so uh without agreeing with her point of
view I would just note that she doesn't
have free speech in America would you
agree again I disagree with her point of
view I'm just saying it's obvious she
didn't have free
speech so she got her career just got
destroyed uh there's also a big truck
has the faces and information about the
Harvard students who signed a pro Hamas
some would say um
statement and so they're being docked
and their lives are being ruined so
those Harvard students whose views I
disagree
with uh don't have free speech in
America and don't imagine that they do
they do not have free
speech all right um and then there's a
school in La that's cancelling Halloween
because they say onethird of their
students are don't celebrate it so it's
not inclusive
enough that's
interesting um
now there is there is one scenario in
which I could imagine it being a problem
if you had a massive amount of recent
immigrants and you know they were poor
and they couldn't afford to have their
fancy costumes like their their white
classmates I could kind of almost see
why this would make sense you know I
don't hate the idea that some schools
have uniforms I would have hated it as a
kid or maybe not I don't know maybe I
wouldn't have but I do like not creating
a situation where some of the students
feel super uncomfortable because of
their economic situation so it might be
economic in which
case I don't know maybe you keep your
Halloween stuff at home it doesn't have
to be a school anyway but I keep an eye
on that one it seems like cancelling fun
did you know that Israel has a space
laser which they've been working on for
a while and they're going to I guess
spin it up a little early it wasn't
quite quite ready
but it must work in tests um because
they need it for air
defense so if a whole bunch of missiles
start incoming they could quickly run
out of anti-missile missiles but it's
harder to run out of lasers you know if
your laser has electricity and a lot of
it it can shoot shoot down a lot of
missil kind of one after
another so if you could get a space
laser defense
system then that would certainly go a
long way toward uh allowing Israel to
live in a in a part of town that's a
little
dangerous I guess I could get to the
question of how can Israel survive for
200 years as technology keeps improving
and it makes it easier for one person to
destroy a whole country and they're
surrounded by one people who want to do
that and have the access to weapons but
if they got a space uh if they got a
laser for shooting down Rockets it's not
a space laser because it's not it's not
it's not space-based it just sort of
shoots into
space all right
um here's here's the story that I love
watching and tweeting
about but I don't know what to believe
and if you're not following the rasmon
report account on the xplatform you're
you're kind of missing a whole Saga
about the 2020 election and you know the
various claims and lawsuits and
Technical claims and everything else I
don't know what to believe uh uh let me
say upfront I'm not personally aware I'm
not personally aware of any factual
statement that would say the 2020
election was rigged personally I'm not
aware of that but when you look through
the the claims are just
mindboggling I want to give you just a
few things I've learned
lately that I don't know what to think
about them but I'll just put them out
there and you can all right here here's
something I
learned uh at least on some of the
machines that were used in 2020 and it
to me it doesn't even matter which
company it was so there are a few
different machine companies involved
it's not just Dominion but uh some of
the machines had uh internal Wi-Fi
ports did you know
that in other words if you were to
inspect the machine you know it would be
locked so you couldn't see what's
inside but if it had a Wi-Fi connection
to the internet it would have been in a
slot inside the machine so there's no
way you could tell by looking at the
outside whether it was connected to the
internet that apparently that's an
established
fact did you know that some of you knew
that right now I did know that there was
a question about whether some machines
were attached to the Internet so so I've
known for a long time that there was the
allegation that some were attached but I
always thought just you know my dumb old
head I always thought that you could
tell by looking at it you know like it
would be a I just assumed that the slot
would be external
didn't you I just thought it was
something you stick in the back and if
you looked at it and there's nothing in
the Wi-Fi slot you'd say okay it's not
connected to the internet I don't know
why I even thought that but if it's
internal to the machine and it's
locked come on so it gets
better Mike Lindell who you know has
been in deep trouble and fighting the
2020
election apparently he's funded and
developed
a technology that would identify wifi in
an area
that's an unknown
Wi-Fi so in other words you could put
one at a polling place and it would know
if one of these polling machines spun up
the
Wi-Fi so that's a good idea right how
could it ever be a bad idea to detect
you know who who would be against that
like why in the world
why in the world would you be opposed to
tracking to see if anybody had done
anything illegal by checking to see if
any Wi-Fi fired up that wasn't supposed
to be
there what's wrong with
that well Kentucky wants it to be
illegal huh why would anybody want that
to be illegal you know if it were me and
I were trying to make sure that my
elections were nice and tight I'd want
to buy it I'd want to I'd want to say
Mike Lindell can you do do us first do
us first because I'd like to know at the
end of
this I'd really like to know if any
Wi-Fi came on because we're going to
have to defend against it if somebody
claims it de wouldn't it be great to
have a record that no no unusual Wi-Fi
activity happened and then at least
we'll know our our little area we passed
all the tests we audited we checked for
the Wi-Fi we did everything we could
there's no way this is riged wouldn't
that be a great tool to
have well
the the argument against it is that it
itself would be the hacking tool that it
would cause its own problem to which I
say how would I do that unless the Wi-Fi
was
on how could it cause a problem unless
an illegal Wi-Fi was on
can you give me an example of how that
would be a problem I mean I'm no
technical expert but it seems like if
the Wi-Fi isn't on then the electronic
Wi-Fi thing wouldn't have much effect on
it let's see how much effect the Wi-Fi
has on my bottle of water anything
anything no can't really hack a bottle
of
water so I don't know what's true and
what isn't true on the election stuff
probably never
will but the story is way more
interesting than you've been led to
believe by the the mainstream news now
you know the left isn't going to cover
any of this stuff right so CNN MSNBC
even if there are things that are just
sort of rumor claims are made they've
kind of stopped talking about it
completely but thank God we have a you
know an open media situation
where you don't have to depend on the
biased left leaning media thank God
you've got Fox News that can do full
coverage about suspected
problems oh well no that won't work will
it no that's right Dominion just sued
the piss on the Fox News for making
claims that weren't true according to
them so all right so you can't report it
on the left because they don't want you
to hear it and you can't report it on
the right because the left will crush
you if you
do
so if you're not following the rasmason
report on X you probably have no idea
what's going
on I don't know that they're going to
find anything but here's what I can say
for
certain our elections are not
secure every everybody okay with
that for sure they're not secure whether
anything has happened I have no I have
no information to suggest that now I do
hope that there's some way that you
could audit after the fact and you would
pick up any of these you know any
alleged
improprieties but I don't think so I
don't think our audits can pick up some
of the things which would be alleged
that could or did
happen so
I think two things can be true that
there's no evidence that is conclusive
or or even credible uh based on your own
opinion and uh that there might be
something there we don't know about both
could be
true all right uh Molly
Hemingway uh was tweeting and there's
article in the federal list
um so as you know it's been reported
that there were many attempts at
investigating the Biden crime family for
the past 15 years the claim is that all
these investigations were obstructed
because it was Biden and so Biden lovers
were obstructing it but until you read
the
details until you read the details you
you you don't really realize how how bad
it was so I call it the the dilber of
the investigations of apparently the way
they were all thwarted was with um
bureaucracy so much
bureaucracy that for example uh one of
the uh whistleblowers I guess said that
normally you'd need uh I think one
approval to renew an investigation for
another 30 days which is normal routine
you start an investigation but you don't
want to be investigating forever you
know unless you're finding something
useful so their process is after after a
month just make sure you get approval to
renew the investigation so that's normal
process kind of a pain in the ass
wouldn't you say if you were working
there when you say oh my God every 30
days I got to go get this signature and
rejuso make my case explain it all to
whoever is going to sign off on it and
that would be like sort of a
bureaucratic obstacle wouldn't you
say yeah that's the way it usually
worked except in the case of the Biden
investigations which at least in one
instance or one
investigation uh they required 17
approvals and you needed to do it every
month
17 and when that number came out the
Democrat who was talking to him in
Congress I guess uh publicly asked the
question you know is that a
hyperbole like you don't mean actually
like literally 17
right and the answer was it's literally
17 that's the exact number that's not an
estimate it was
17 now if you've ever read the Dilbert
comic you know that sometimes in the
Dilbert Universe this is exactly how
problems are solved somebody will just
throw so much bureaucracy in front of it
that it just makes it
impossible and that's just one of the
examples of the ways that they were
obstructed the others are you know
roughly as
outrageous but when you read them you
you easily see how they can hide their
their evil because if you heard any one
of these stories you'd say really well
and then you'd explain it away to
yourself you'd say all right but you
know it's it's Biden's family so this is
more political so if it's more political
you'd want more approvals you know maybe
the 17 wasn't really 17 maybe it was
maybe it was like some of the people
just had to know that the other person
said yes and they were sort of automatic
so if you really came down to it it
might have been five people but those
five people influenced you know the
larger group of people and you could
talk yourself out of it right you could
easily say okay that's true and that was
an obstacle but you know here the
reasons reasons reasons reasons and you
just move on but when you see them all
together yeah it's pretty obvious what
was happening
they're just try to kill the
investigations all
right so I've avoided talking about the
Middle East up until
now and uh let's let's do that uh for
reasons that are not entirely clear or
maybe they should be the Gaza situation
has gone way down in the
headlines now some of it is because you
know the shocking part has led to more
of a processed part where the Israelis
will dismantle the bad guys a little at
a time apparently but there have been U
Israel is doing some probing but not a
major ground assault the US has taken
out two militant bases I think in Syria
um so they're Iranian proxies and then
gave a warning to Iran the US did that
you know the proxy is attacking American
bases in the Middle East which
apparently is happening a lot uh won't
be
tolerated so they do that now this does
open up at least one
path of strategy for Israel and the
United States that would not cause World
War
III which would be eliminating all the
proxies which would include
esbol as long as I didn't actually
attack the mainland in any way of
Iran I think they could actually do do
anything they wanted anywhere else at
the moment without without inviting in
let's say Russia or somebody who turn it
into a you know World War I feel like
even Russia would stay out of the way
and just let America use up all its
bullets that could have otherwise gone
to
Ukraine and I think Russia would say
wait you're going to you're going to use
up a whole bunch of military assets on
Hezbollah because that would be a big
job I think Russia would say knock
yourself out use up all your munition
spend all your money go ahead does it
matter to Russia that Hezbollah gets
destroyed I mean I don't know the answer
to that question that's that sounded
like it was it sounded like I was making
a point but that's actually a question
does Russia care Russia would care about
Iran for sure because Iran is helping
them but do they care about
Hezbollah I don't I don't know why they
would but if somebody if somebody has a
reason for it listen to it so it seems
to me that there is a non-world War II
path and it would involve parking our
Navy off the coast and one by one
dismantling and destroying every proxy
that Iran has ever refunded because it
seems to me if you were thinking of
being an IR Iranian proxy in the future
that you would
be at least a little bit concerned about
the fact that 100% of them had turned
into dust recently I mean that would
certainly discourage you wouldn't it
so it feels to me like Hezbollah will
probably be destroyed and
Lebanon will be turned into dust as my
guess but that I don't know who is Le
lebanon's big
Ally do they have some big Ally that we
have to worry about besides
Iran so I think this is what it's going
to look like I think uh Israel is going
to go slower than most people
expect because they're going to want to
make sure that every action they do has
the minimum amount of you know blowback
and and death but they will be just as
tough as you imagine they should be
which is they are going to kill every
every member of
Hamas that's definitely going to happen
I heard somebody say was it uh I think
it was the Hamas one of the sons of
who's now pro-israel says it's just
crazy he rejects AAS uh but he's saying
that I think it was him who said that
the Israelis should kill all the Hamas
uh Prisoners the ones are they're
looking to trade for the and I thought
wow wow that's that's pretty rough but
how in the world can Israel keep Hamas
alive if they've got you know Hamas
fighters in jail are they just going to
keep them in jail while they're killing
the other ones on the
battlefield I've got a feeling they're
going to release them into the middle of
the war zone without weapons just say
hey here you go good luck no food no
water no weapons but you're
free so so I'm going to say uh lots of
targeted attacks uh Gaza will never be
the same of course it look looks like
they're going to blow up as much as they
can to get a clear path at the bad guys
if I were Israel I don't know enough
about the you know the specifics there
but it seems like what they should be
doing be doing is just shrinking the
battlefield am I wrong you know knowing
nothing about Urban Warfare normally
what you're trying to do is going to go
into an existing City and you know go
through the existing streets and stuff
stuff and you know people are shooting
you from the
everything but it seems to me they could
just essentially turn to
Rubble uh everything that would have a
window or a door and then it's just big
piles and once it's big piles can't you
see almost everybody from the
air if there's no indoors you know you
just eliminate the concept of
indoors I feel like you can see them so
what I imag might happen take a lot of
bombs but that they would just keep
bombing and shrinking the area that the
bad guys are in while continuing to
negotiate for um the hostages while not
doing something that looks like an
obvious Collective punishment destroying
a bunch of innocent people because the
Innocents could get plenty of notice you
know this building will disappear in 4
hours don't be in it now this building
will dis appear and they just keep
shrinking it because if they shrink the
area
enough they should be able to get
control of the tunnels and then finish
it off but I don't know anything about
military so that's just my dumb thoughts
about it um but what do you think what
do you think just strategically and
hearts and Minds
wise do you think that the smart play is
to eliminate 100% of the Iranian proxies
but not put a bomb on the homeland of
Iran what do you think of that that
might might not be enough for Israel but
you'd have to consider
it I I think I think if the Iranians
can't find anybody to give money to to
be a proxy because they keep
disappearing that would be a good
start all right um
so Much Death
yeah I I think the idea of you know just
wiping out Gaza is a complete
non-starter because it would be giving
away so much moral Authority that um I
would argue that moral Authority is the
only thing that keeps Israel
alive right if they didn't have that
they wouldn't have
support so they can't lose that it's AIG
asset and that's that's the asset that
Hamas was trying to take from them they
were trying to take their moral
Authority by forcing them to respond
like Hamas they want they want Israel to
turn into Hamas so it's a fair
fight and Israel is basically uh hate
crazy at the moment now I want to be
very careful when I say this if you put
anybody in Israel's situation there's no
way they could think clearly would you
agree with
that that is that a fair statement
because it's nothing about Israel you
couldn't put anybody into such a
PTSD situation and expect them to act
exactly as if they had not been in that
situation that's not a thing right so if
you're expecting them to be completely
you know cool andcome and you know just
follow the odds and do a good risk
assessment that's something you could
ask anybody else but you can't ask
somebody who just watched their children
be
slaughtered can't ask that is off the
 table right they're going to do
what they need to do to reassemble their
their minds because right now their
minds are scrambled by Hamas they got to
put that back together as they can and
it might require violence as part of the
uh well it does it does require violence
as part of the solution they're going to
need to feel that there was something
like
justice something like payback something
like revenge or otherwise you just can't
move on as if you could ever move on
you'll never be able to move on from it
but you'll you'll be at least
something so with the greatest respect
and empathy uh I think we have to
understand that Israel's got the
toughest problem population could deal
with which is in order to feel better
they would have to become the thing they
hate the
most that's a
problem I don't know what the solution
is but they are a very capable nation
and if somebody is going to solve that
problem um I like their RDS I like the
rods but the thing that is most
important by far
is that they slow
down because the slowing down is where
the the reason can start to replace the
emotion it's going to be a slow process
but anything you do fast is going to be
emotion anything you do slower is going
to have a little bit of Reason mixed in
a little bit better
so uh it looks to me because Israel is
in fact moving slowly and by the way I
think they could have said no to
America the could have they could have
said no we're going in now we're not
going to wait for your missiles or
anything we're just got to get go in now
they could have I feel like it was
wisdom that slowed them down and not the
United States just a feeling I feel like
their Collective
wisdom slowed them
down which you know you could argue was
God
himself you know God God took a little
time but I feel like there's got to be
some God in this story right I'm not a
Believer but bear with me if you were
Israel you would be feeling something
like God's presence through this entire
ordeal and you'd have to be asking
yourself what would God do what would
God want you to
do good questions but I would say the
the key question for Israel and here's
your here's your
reframe that's the most important
one we think that Israel is deciding
what to
do that's not what's happening that
might be how they think of
it they're not deciding what to
do they're deciding who to
become that's different deciding what to
do is kind of easy go in and kill all
the bad guys as fast as you can it's
kind of easy deciding who you want to be
for the next 50 years that's
hard so they're going to have to balance
what they know they need to do which is
Crush their mortal enemies with who they
want to be and those might not be
exactly the
same so who they might want to be is the
people who were wounded in the
most severe
way anything or anybody could be
wounded and indeed death to many of them
and still retain their
Humanity that's who they can be that's
who they can be but it's a
choice so they can either be the ones
who you know mow down the Palestinians
who are in the way or they could be the
ones who saved their
enemies to save
themselves and by that I mean you know
minimize the civilian damage some
civilians will die there's just no no
way around it so that's a that's a big
that's a big thing so far I would say
Israel's played it exactly
correctly by making the you know biggest
amount of response and then holding
back to me that seems the wisest path
and you know we we should all wish
everybody the best of luck in that
region it it's it's almost impossible to
wrap your head around what's going on
over there um so all of us have to take
little mental vacations yesterday I I
sort of stopped watching the bad news
you know earlier in the day than I
usually do you usually I'm hooked to the
news all day I'm always just checking it
all the time but I realized that my
mental health was really suffering is
anybody had that same experience yeah my
my actual mental health was very much at
risk not no hyperbole involved it was a
mental health problem for sure yeah it
was PTSD and I'm an ocean
away so think about the effect it had on
you and ocean away
and now think about the how scrambled
the minds of the Israeli citizens are
today yeah it's it's
beyond I I can't even imagine it I don't
even know how to like put a thought on
it it's so
horrible but uh the good news
is we might have a way to survive and
let me let me uh change your mind to
something crypto so I can just take you
out of the this mode okay I don't want
to end on this I just want to throw out
an
idea is there any way we could solve the
national
debt with
crypto does anybody ever come up with
the play for
that only if you want another uh
situation no I mean it would obviously
be a a US backed crypto so it wouldn't
be
shitcoin because I don't know if I
understand crypto well enough but you
can make money on a thin air
right so couldn't you make enough to pay
off the debt and then just tell people
it's worth something or at least you can
use it oh actually America can make any
crypto valuable by just saying they will
accept it for your tax payments because
so many pay people pay taxes they would
all it would just give it a a
market holy he's off the deep end
really I'm off the deep end do do any of
you think that in 200 years you're going
to be paying for stuff with pieces of
paper that you carried in your
pocket you you know that crypto is
guaranteed
right you're not going to have
paper oh here's my piece of paper to pay
for my robot that's not going to happen
yeah and well credit cards are basically
crypto the difference between a credit
card and crypto is that the credit card
has too many bureaucratic steps and too
many people taking a cut and all
that but otherwise it's digital money
it's digital
money so I'm just wondering if the math
works could there be a math where all
all US debt is paid off with some crypto
and everybody doesn't
care is that is that even possible or
does that create an an inflation um like
super bomb would that create an IM an
immediate inflation super bomb if you
paid off all the debt right away or
maybe you could pay it down over
time yeah um well I'm asking you how uh
the the only thing that I'm starting
with is we've got a we've got a debt
that cannot be paid in any normal way in
my opinion the amount of debt cannot be
paid by normal economic activity that's
what I
think so if you have a debt that cannot
be paid and will destroy the world
suddenly you get really creative right
you don't have an option what's the
other option infinite debt until you all
go
poor give me your other idea cuz if
you're your other well inflation yeah
you can inflate it away and then we all
become poor the other
way but is it true that you can create
money out of
nothing with a crypto product that's
true right it no because you always have
to pay money to buy the crypto is that
why did did Bitcoin create value or did
it just transfer value from somewhere
where it already existed which did it do
did Bitcoin create value out of nothing
or did it simply transfer you know
dollar bills into a different
form somebody says both which means it
created value right if it did both then
crypto is a thing that can create money
out of
nothing wrong am I wrong or am I right
that it could create money out of
nothing now Bitcoin requires
mining but you could make you could make
a coin that didn't require
mining all you would need is see the
reason that Bitcoin became valuable
because it was hard to mine it you know
that's part of the the scarcity value
but the United States could make it
valuable just by saying we'll accept our
new coin if you're paying your taxes
don't worry about anything else if you
want to pay your taxes we'll take that
coin and then instantly has
value all right well it's interesting
that we most of us don't know the answer
to this question could you pay off all
of the
debt with a clever move once in history
you'd only do it once and just drive
away all the dollar bill
debt what what would be the what would
be the problem with it
inflation
yeah I don't know I just put that out
there I have a
prediction there will be no other way
there are two things that are guaranteed
in my opinion there's no normal way to
pay toer debt and so if we didn't do
something abnormal we would be
doomed does anybody disagree with that
there is no normal way to pay down our
existing debt because it's it's also
growing faster than we're paying it down
I mean we're not even close to being
able to handle
number two at some point in American
history paper money will go away and
there will be some kind of
cryptocurrency there's no way around it
would you agree there's no way around it
no matter how much you hate it would you
agree with that like it's just
guaranteed yeah you can hate it and you
can try to stop
it but it's kind of guaranteed now the
only the only thing that's variable is
when it will happen
oh it's
guaranteed it's guaranteed in fact I
love to see what uh the xplatform does
when it becomes more
financial what it does with
crypto that could be a world
changer all right well I'll just put
that thought in your head I want to
leave you with something confusing but
potentially
optimistic reduce debt by selling US
citizenship I don't know if we could
sell it for
enough
um not the only option I'd love to hear
I'd love to hear other options for
paying down the
debt all
right that is all for today thanks for
joining uh
oh um and I'll talk to you
tomorrow or in the case of locals people
tonight in the man cave