[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization
that's called coffee with Scott Adams
and you're in the place that you want to
be I mean honestly I'm a little jealous
of all of you because you get to watch
this you know it's fun to do it that's
why I'm here but wow do I envy you right
now Today's show is going to be lit I've
got a theme
no it won't be the usual random
miscellaneous I got a theme you're going
to love it but before we get to that
would you like to take this experience
up to levels that nobody can even
understand with their tiny human brains
if you want to do that all you need
is a cup or a muger a glass a tankered
cheler Stein a canteen juger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like
coffee enjoy me
now for the unparallel pleasure of the
dopamine here the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and happens now
go
yes all right well that is just the
beginning of your
happiness um I may have mentioned before
uh my new coffee maker now it turns out
that my coffee maker is the theme in a
conceptual way for the rest of the
show so I've got this high-end melee
coffee maker which is quite an amazing
machine here's the concept the concept
is you buy this you know high-end
machine you have it plumbed into your
kitchen so you never have to add water
it's got these big containers you put
your coffee beans in and it grinds it
and makes this incredible coffee with a
crem on it and you can have you know
various different kinds of special
coffees and it's all with one button you
just walk in you know
boom brilliant coffee now is that a good
idea it is right can you imagine what a
good idea that is now it's especially
good for somebody like me because I'm a
creative person so exactly the time of
day that I'm in my creative mode you
don't want to have to mess with making
coffee you just want to push a button
and stay in your head and then when it's
done you pick it up and you stay in your
head and you're always in flow you
you've heard that term Flow State you
hear it for programmers computer
programmer it takes them a long time
maybe to get into the right mindset for
programming but once you're in it you do
not want to get out of it because as
soon as you get out you have that whole
wind up again to get back into it if you
even
can now that's even twice as important
for a person who writes or makes Comics
because I've got to be in exactly the
right frame of mind for hours like hours
every day I have to be in a certain
mindset or it just doesn't work now if
you all agree that the concept is
amazing you can stay in your Flow State
push one button have not just a good cup
of coffee but an exceptional cup of
coffee at the concept level who wouldn't
want that
it's all good right now let me tell you
what actually happens in the real world
in the real world it's such a you know a
marvelous invention that it's designed
to tell you when there's any kind of
flaw you know like a a fault or
something's not lined up just right it
also tells you when a part of it needs
to be cleaned you know different parts
at different times um it's got some
maintenance built in that runs
occasionally Etc and the net effect of
it is that nearly 100% of the time you
go to have your coffee it turns you into
a maintenance
worker sometimes the beans need to be
refilled sometimes the uh The Brew unit
needs to be washed sometimes something's
misaligned sometimes the head is out in
place sometimes the coffee uh the excess
coffee grounds is full and sometimes the
water
spillover uh thing is full sometimes
needs to be descaled sometimes it needs
to be cleaned and that's just a starter
set so what does this sound like to you
the concept is
amazing in concept one button stay in
Flow State boom delicious coffee yeah
nailed it in
reality I curse at my machine go
completely on a flow State and I'm
changing the beans like this morning I
think there were two faults this morning
two cups of coffee two two maintenance
things I had to do it's one for one you
know over time it's one for one every
now and then you'll get a coffee cup a
coffee without
problems now could that be fixed
probably because the only thing it would
take is for it to warn me in advance
when my coffee beans were starting to
get low so I could choose to do the
maintenance when I'm not in Flow State
so the problem is if you're ever in Flow
State you just can't use this
device you just can't you you you've got
to do something else because it'll take
you right out now does this sound like a
lot of government policy that at the
concept level who could argue with that
push one button get a delicious cup of
coffee stay in Flow State everybody
should be in favor of that but then in
the real
World it doesn't work anything like that
that ladies and gentlemen is my theme
for
today but let's start with some backward
science uh ABC news your source for
Reliable
science says that there's a research
that shows that yes it's true that men
do tend to have better navigational
skills in women but the new study
revealed the reason for it is not
anything genetic
like if you thought there was some like
natural gender sex difference well first
of all you're a pig and second of all
ABC News is here to tell you is not
based on any kind of natural difference
it's based on the fact that boys tend to
play outside more often they're they're
more encouraged to play
Outdoors so so they learn their
navigational skills by playing Outdoors
totally believable right everybody
every bit of that made sense to you I
mean common sensely that just makes
sense right because let me tell you
where I learned to navigate because I'm
one of those men with navigational
skills it was in my
backyard I remember my sister would stay
in and you know she'd play with dolls
but I'd go into the yard still within
full view of my house and I'd play
around out there well I was developing
navigational skills because every time I
left the house
within visual distance of the house I
could get back to
it and I'm not bragging I mean the other
boys could do it too but boy if you let
a girl out in the backyard and you say
it's time for dinner the boys are like
yay and they run back in the house
because they got this navigational
skills how in the world did that just
break all right I just had a complete
failure on the locals platform
so if you don't mind I'm going to call
them back up whoa it's making me log in
again oh wow this is dead as a door
now might not be able to get this back
but let's
see it's asking me to log back in which
I've never seen before in the middle of
a live stream so it looks like they had
a
hiccup all right almost done
see this is called getting out of Flow
State so I was in this beautiful I was
in this beautiful
flow really heading for something
here all right we're
back uh one click and we'll be back live
again hello locals did you miss me we
had we had a little catastrophic failure
there it made me log out log back back
in but we're all good all right so
here's the PARTA you
missed ABC news says that boys have
better navigational skills but it's
because they play outdoors more and it's
not even because they want to play
Outdoors it's because people encourage
boys to play
Outdoors so as I was saying you know my
brother and my sister and I would be
playing in the backyard and mom would
say it's time for dinner my brother and
I having these good negotiate you know
these good navigation skills we'd like
okay there's the house here's me I can
solve for this and I'd walk like toward
the house and I'd go inside that's
called good navigational skills but my
sister God bless her soul she'd be out
in the house and she'd be looking at it
and she'd be like I can see it but how
do I get to
it and honestly she's still there she
died in the yard so we'll miss her all
right sorry sis she's listening to this
right now
she's laughing you're laughing right
you're laughing
right no she did not get lost in the
yard because she has excellent
navigational skills and as a second part
of the story I have terrible navigation
skills I don't have any navigational
skills I have none I have good spatial
skills but I don't pay attention when I
go anywhere so I can never get
back here's what I think is happening uh
here's what I really think the science
is without any benefit of any
studies I believe that after let's say
300,000 years of uh humanoid
Evolution that boys are designed to go
hunt and control
territory the men are designed by
Evolution to hunt and to control
territory militarily if if we don't have
a military we'll do it with football if
we don't have football we will literally
whip out our penis and spray down your
lawn so we you know dominate it own it a
little bit we're basically owned for ter
we're built for
territory so when I go into a place I'm
thinking
territory you know when I play football
I'm trying to gain a yard right and if
I'm playing a game I'm trying to make my
impact be as large as possible if I'm a
battery the baseball game I don't want a
bunt I mean sometimes I have to but I
want to hit a home run th thus
increasing the physical range of my
impact so boys I think evolve to be all
about the physical space because if they
hunt they got to know where to go and
they got to know how to get back right
so I would think that nature is selected
for people who could get back home after
the hunt probably it's just that um or
it's because boys are encouraged to play
more
outside right that that's what counts as
science well there's a funny video
compilation Rand Paul had some fun
mocking Nikki Hy so he was retweeting a
uh a compilation of uh he says since
Nikki Hy is refusing to debate Ron de
santis before New Hampshire I present to
you Nicki Hy debating
herself now the first thing I thought
was oh it's going to be one of those AI
things
where somebody has an AI Nikki hilly
debating herself nope it was actually
video clips of her saying I will not do
X and Then followed by we should really
do X but I will not do y followed by you
know would be a really good idea a lot
of why so it's actually hilarious that
she doesn't seem to have any standards
or philosophical Mooring or anything
yeah she just sort of going with
whatever is going to get or
elected so that's hilarious if you want
to see that as in my X feed uh I guess
the courts a judge said that Trump can
be on the ballot in Washington state
which is a big deal because uh this I
guess it was the 14th
Amendment uh was trying to be used to
say he's a damn insurrectionist and so
he can't be on the ballot but the judge
said no now can somebody give me an
update so so far he's not been
denied the ballot of any state right in
in a confirmed final way there's there
may be some still challenges but so far
he's on every ballot
right okay yeah I think he's on every B
I think it's going to stay that
way yeah it there may be some temporary
hiccups but I feel like if it came to
the Supreme Court how is that going to
go any other way right the Supreme Court
is not going to keep him off the
ballot I don't I don't see how it could
all right well so we'll see so I see you
mentioning Maine but you know until it's
election day I think you can assume that
that will get corrected maybe
not all right um but anyway that's good
news so Tucker Carlson had a new video
he has a theory that basically goes like
this that what the Democrats are up to
according to Tucker the the evidence
would suggest that their strategy looks
like this uh they know Biden can't win
so that's not part of their strategy
their strategy would be more along the
lines of supporting Nikki Haley because
in some of these
primaries um Democrats can just vote for
the Republican candidate so I guess Reed
Hoffman famous Rich Democrat funer and
founder of LinkedIn uh which got sold to
Microsoft um he's one of the main
funders of not only Nikki
Haley um but the lawsuit against Trump
for that EG Carrol thing so the same
person who's funding Nikki haly's
campaign a Democrat is funding a
republican um that same Democrat is
funding the lawsuit against Trump in the
egene
Carol now that's not the only things
he's funding but it get you a little
sense of
him there are some who claim and I don't
know if this is true that he visited
Epstein
Island do you think is that true or is
that just another one of those rumors
because there are people on my list that
really did not go to Epstein Island so
I'm going to say I don't know that's
true I'm going to not state that to be
true I'm going to state that to be
something somebody claimed because if I
don't have a picture of him on the
island I'm not going to Bas it on
somebody's list on the internet so
whether or not that's true and I and I'm
going to say uh I'll assume innocence
until proven guilty remember that's
always the standard that that's an
accusation but he's not the government
right Reed Hoffman is a private citizen
so you should assume that he's innocent
of anything illegal unless somebody
really proves it in court anything short
of that he's innocent so I'm not going
to buy that he's on the list or that
he's ever been to the island or anything
like that however may I remind you that
we don't have the Epstein list or the
videos which means that somebody
does Whoever has the videos is who's
running the
country you know that right Whoever has
the Epstein stuff it was all designed to
Blackmail the most important people do
you think whoever had that power like
the power of Thanos you know at all the
Rings do you think they said you know
this is too dangerous we better put this
in a in a drawer
somewhere
no now Whoever has his blackmail
material still
controls whoever Epstein was trying to
control and the thing is that you just
have to hint that you have it and you've
got all the control you need hey you
know uh I would never I would never out
you as being on Epstein Island and
having illegal sex I I would never do
that but I do have the
videos I do have the videos they're in
my control but I would never I would
never show them to anybody by the way
you know it would be a great idea is if
you were to fund the Democratic party to
the tune of $20
million did a separate conversation no
no I'm not tying it to the fcen no no no
no I would never I would never show that
stuff in public I have it all and it
would it would take a lot for me to want
to like show it in public or leak it or
something but you know I just want you
to know I have it
all right you don't need to directly
blackmail anybody if they know you have
the goods or if they suspect
it so there might be more than one
blackmailer there might be a blackmailer
who has the stuff and there might be
another blackmailer who's even smarter
who is pretending to have it you know
who might potentially have actually had
it so I think we're a black mocracy and
any sense that we're a democracy is kind
of childish at this
point it feels naive to the point of
childish we're clearly a a black male
driven Place do do you know why the
border is not
closed there's no American reason there
is no American reason for the the border
to be the way it is there's none that's
clearly an outcome of corruption I don't
know the details it could be you know
China trying to destroy the fabric of
America could be the cartels make so
much money they bribed the Congress to
let them keep doing it or some
combination some combination but I'll
tell you what is not it's not a bunch of
Americans deciding what's good for
America and I'm starting to think that
the idea that the Democrats have a
clever plan of replacing you know the
the white Christian voters with uh brown
people from other countries that they
can get to vote
Democrat I have a contrarian
Theory because the Republican standard
Republican conservative theory is that
it's all a plot to increase the number
of democrat
voters I think they also want to do that
and that's that's why
uh which state is it that's going to let
them vote the illegal migrants can vote
without
ID like that's actually Oh California
right Arizona was it was actually
Arizona you're right Arizona recently
said that you could vote if you're
illegal you just
vote they just decide to ignore the
Constitution or something so here's what
I think I don't think that's the main
reason behind the open
borders there's something else driving
that and there's something thing to
destroy the country not to make
Democrats stronger but while it's
happening Democrats quite wisely I
assume say well if they're going to come
here anyway we might as well take
advantage of it and let them vote
because I think they'll vote for us so I
think that the whole replacement theory
is a head fake meaning that in practice
something like it is really happening
there there will be more voters of a
different type than are already here if
things go the way they are but I don't
think that's what's starting it I think
that's just people taking advantage of a
situation that was going to happen
anyway so whatever is behind it we don't
exactly know but you have to assume
corruption in Congress because at the
very least if somebody just disagrees
politically they would make an argument
for what they're doing nobody on the
Democrat side is making an argument for
it they're literally saying it's not
happen
happening all right explain
that nor a normal topic would be two
people with an argument that they
disagree this isn't
that no this is not two people with some
kind of philosophical disagreement this
is something that's coming from the
outside I don't know where my guest is
the cartels have bought
Congress but it could be something
else right yeah so uh not replace but
combin yeah so I think the replacement
parts the add-on I don't think that's
the underlying cause all right here's
some fake news that you probably
believed uh the fake new oh by the way
the other the alternative to Tucker
theory that
uh the Nikki hilly is like the the
secret Democrat and Republican clothing
that they're going to try to sneak in
there as a as like a a hidden
Democrat
that's plausible I'm not sure I
completely buy into that but it's
plausible the alternative theory is that
the Democrats know Biden is shot but
they also knew that having a president
of low
capability was working for the Deep
State or the people who wanted I don't
know military things to happen whatever
so they may say you know it would be the
best
thing is another low capability
president that we can control so so that
theory would say let's let's limp Biden
over the Finish Line we we'll just get
him there one way or the other and then
he immediately retires for health
reasons and kamla takes over and she's
easy to
control because she is an
idiot you know I'm very reluctant to say
somebody who's risen to the highest
levels of politics has any kind of
mental deficiency because you know this
seems deep
unlikely but the more you listen to her
the more you think no the base problem
is you're not smart or even a little bit
smart about you know important things
she might have a good memory you know so
she can get through law school and stuff
like that but she seems not smart that
seems to be the basic
problem all right imagine imagine that
it's today and you still believe that
January 6 was an
insurrection at what point does that
become embarrassing if ever to imagine
that trespassing was the way that a
bunch of scraggly people who who were
there for the purpose of protecting the
Republic against what they thought was a
fraudulent election that the the real
plan was to conquer the military of the
United States and take power by
trespassing or something so I would ask
you to just ask your Democrat friends
who still believe that hoax to
to connect the dots and simply
describe how those protesters were going
to get control of the nuclear
Triad like what what were the steps
after the trespassing
surrender you know what was the military
on the verge of surrendering to
them just connect the dots I'm I'm not
asking for I'm not even disagreeing with
you you just tell me what you're
thinking and then I'll tell you if I
agree or not but I haven't heard what
you're thinking just tell me your actual
opinion show me how you believed that
trespassing and taking selfies and
abusing elector were going to lead in a
cause and effect you know a leads to B
way to physical control of the
country do you know how you could have
defeated that
Insurrection you could put a fence
around it and wait till way for them to
starve they didn't have
weapons there's no Insurrection that
would ever be easier to thwart than the
people who didn't have food and they
locked themselves in a
building so to imagine that you still
thought there was something like an
Insurrection is embarrassing at this
point so I think you should treat it
that way when it comes up as just mock
it as the most ridiculous
belief Michael shellenberger has a whole
uh thread and post on this today that
people still think it was an
Insurrection is basically stupid
all right here's some fake
news um do you believe that Joe Biden
has inaccurately said in public a number
of times including recently that his
oldest son
bo uh died because of Iraq or in Iraq
because of the war how many think that
Joe Biden is so dumb he thinks that Bo
died in the Iraq War when the truth is
that he died of a brain tumor uh well
after the war for what well after he
left the
war all right so here's the truth of
that that's fake news so Biden said it
again but there was a community
note apparently what Biden believes
because he's spoken at greater length
about it he doesn't believe his son died
in Iraq he does not believe that he died
of military action and his never said
that he says he died because of Iraq
specifically he believed beles that bow
was too close to I think the burn the
burn bits or something something that
would have uh poisoned
him and that the uh exposure may have
been the reason for his brain tumor that
killed him well after he was out of the
military it was some kind of chemical
Cobalt I know I don't know what the
details are
now do you think Joe Biden knows that's
true do you do it or is it true I is it
have the medical professionals said yeah
we're pretty sure that's what caused it
it's hard to
prove but here's what is true if that's
true if it's true then see see if I have
this right didn't Joe Biden support the
Iraq
War didn't he and wasn't the Iraq War
optional so Joe Biden supported an
optional War which in his own telling
killed his own
son is that fair that he supported a war
that in his own opinion killed his
son now what about the Ukraine war do
you think that Hunter would be in the
trouble that he's in Legally if there
was not a President
Biden forging a war in Ukraine with
Russia I don't think I don't think
Hunter would be in trouble so Hunter is
likely to end up in jail or dead you
know if he does something because he
doesn't want to go to jail um because of
his father entering a second optional
War so you've got a
father who may have in his own belief
supported a war that killed his son an
optional War not a war of National
Defense an optional war and is
supporting another optional
war in a sense you know optional is you
have to stretch that definition a little
bit
but did he kill both of his sons is he
in the process of killing both of his
sons for Unnecessary
Wars Now kill or jail or you know
mentally disable or ruin his life in
some way now I'm not saying that you
know Hunter is innocent and should not
have the consequences of justice but I'm
right right has anybody connected these
dots
before that Joe Biden killed his both of
his sons with two optional
Wars I I haven't seen anybody say it but
to me that's the most mind-blowing part
of this whole story that he's so
lame that his own sons are dying because
of his optional
Wars do do you know what uh uh don Jr is
doing this
weekend well I don't know but he's
probably not defending himself against
uh money laundering in
Ukraine I don't know for sure do you do
you know what uh Baron Trump is doing
this
weekend I don't know but he's not dying
of a brain tumor because he went to an
optional war in Iraq that's not
happening right there's a big difference
between Trump and
Biden there's a really big difference it
it's so big that it's almost if it
weren't full of tragedy it would be
humorously big the difference between
their performances one got us into into
two Wars that killed his own family and
that didn't even slow him down he's
still in favor of
it and Trump is whatever is the opposite
of that all
right um MSNBC is Tiffany cross who I
guess is no longer with
MSNBC uh one of her biggest complaints
was that she she got a show on MSNBC
but that her bosses kept telling her she
wasn't spending enough time trashing
Trump and she kept saying versions of
okay I mean that's important story too
but what about all these other stories
and I'm paraphrasing of course but her
but her bosses said yeah yeah yeah but
you really got to bash Trump okay but
not all the time I mean I could do other
stories too and they were pretty much
no no no there really are no other
stories we really need you to pass Trump
so this is another one of those it was
exactly what it looked
like because when you watch them inbc
you said to yourself This doesn't look
like news this looks like a bunch of
people bashing Trump and that's all it
is there's like literally nothing else
and that's exactly what it was the
executives were trying to make the staff
do nothing
but
remember I tell you you have to know the
players I already talked about that Reed
Hoffman so I don't know what's true with
Reed Hoffman but the concept I should
have mentioned before is that if you
only hear the news you don't know
anything because the news doesn't tell
you how the players are connected with
the other players for example if the
only thing you knew was that Eugene
Carroll was suing Trump you say oh this
like a personal thing and you know maybe
there's something to it Etc but if you
knew that the lawsuit was being funded
by a Democrat who wants to get Trump you
say to yourself oh that's not
necessarily true then is it I mean I
don't know if it's true or not I don't
want to get ass sued for liel I'm just
saying that as soon as you put you know
ugly money behind it all the credibility
goes away so if you don't know there's
ugly money behind something you don't
really have the full picture do you
so there's that all right
um there's a viral video of what's being
called a angel mom whose daughter was uh
died from a fenel overdose so I guess I
would make me an angel stepdad because
my stepson died of a fentel overdose but
she was in Congress talking to Dan
Goldman who was doing his best to try to
get her to support his point of view
which is that the Democrats say they
want extra funding for border patrol and
Dan Goldman is trying to get her to
say but so you would agree you know I'm
paraphrasing you would
agree that if fenel coming across the
border is a problem and you of course it
is then adding more border patrol would
be one step toward increasing that
problem and do you know what the angel
mom said again
paraphrasing nope because I've been to
the border and you haven't if you talk
to the border patrol they'll tell you
they're making sandwiches for the
migrants if you add more people they
will make more
sandwiches if you make more sandwiches
you'll have more people coming because I
like
sandwiches if you add more people do you
know what that's like hey Dan Goldman
I've got a coffee maker for you in
concept all you have to do is push the
button and you get a delicious cup of
coffee so everything's good about that
right Dan Goldman no in the real world
they're making
sandwiches and this this Angel mom she
not only destroyed
him but she she knelt on his
neck it was a it was just a joy to watch
and the joy was not you know the subject
is so tragic it's it's almost
unimaginable literally unimaginable but
watching Dan Goldman not understanding
anything about how the real world works
and thinking he can just push the button
on that coffee maker and get a delicious
cup of coffee and then having his
reality Shattered by somebody who said
you've never been there have you you've
never been to the
Border beautiful just
beautiful
all
right how about
uh oh AI
education I was going to talk about this
at first but um so Tyler Cowan writing
in marginal Revolution says there might
be two ways of AI will change
education one is it might make better
videos like KH Academy and come up with
tests on its own and you know maybe it
does lesson plans and just does like
some kind of video teaching now that
would be good but as Tyler um Cowen
points out on marginal Revolution that
uh the other model might be better which
is having AI or robot as a
companion and then you just hang around
with your companion and it kind of
teaches you about life as it goes not
necessarily you know teaching you
spelling or something like that but sort
of giving you life advice that would
maybe put you in the right mindset to go
learn how to spell on your own you know
basically setting you up for success by
being effectively a smart parent
following you around all the time but
you would think it's just your buddy
yeah mentor and I agree with that
because specifically what I wanted was a
robot and I will have one I will have
this robot probably the first Tesla that
comes out and I wanted to follow follow
me around and I want to be able to turn
to it and say you know what I keep
hearing about this Sumerian
civilization was that like the first
civilization and what kind of technology
did they have in what what part of the
country or the world were they in and
and it just tells you and then you're
just walking down the street and
suddenly you know about the Sumerian
culture that literally is something I
did with AI the other day I always
wanted to learn about Sumeria but I was
never interested enough to like research
it in front of the computer but while I
was you know doing you know just doing
my morning routine I had my AI out so I
just told it to get me a lesson on
Sumeria so it did now I know so that's
the way I like to
learn uh Dr huberman's talking about a
new study that says that uh love can
reduce pain do you believe that that if
you're in love the region of the brain
that handles that Euphoria interferes
with the pain part of the yeah I mean it
feels like it now what is the thing that
causes you the most
pain love what's the thing that helps
reduce your
pain
love so it's not a perfect system is it
the the only thing that can reduce your
pain naturally is the thing that causes
most of it uh when it goes bad but uh my
my only addition to this
is that this is an example of brain
hacking now it's not one you can do
easily because you can't just say oh
I'll fall in love if I want to get rid
of my pain but as a hypnotist this is
the sort of brain hacking I've been
doing all my life and let me describe
what I mean by that brain hacking is uh
taking advantage this is my personal
definition taking advantage of The
Accidental connections that exist in
your brain that are never activated
because they're only accident acal
connections it doesn't it doesn't occur
to you to even activate them they're
just an accident of of geography you
know there's something in your brain
that's like physically next to or
connected to something else and you can
do everything from change your
preferences to change your mindset if
you can find those weird accidental
connections like love and pain now love
and pain like I said you couldn't you
couldn't work with that because you
can't optionally fall in love but
there's a whole bunch of stuff that you
can do that would hack your brain in
different ways to make yourself more
effective so it's a it's a larger thing
which once you learn how to do it it
really does change everything if you
don't realize you can change your own
brain not just by education but
fundamentally reprogramming what
connects to what so it's just a
different machine then you really lose
now because your brain is very very
programmable not not just learning not
just
learning but to become a different
machine like you can actually change the
structure of the machine through your
behavior well Trump is arguing that
President should have total immunity and
if you haven't heard this argument the
argument is that um no matter what the
president did the other team would say
it's illegal and then they would always
just be prosecuting the president and
there wouldn't be anything else now
let's do the real world versus the
concept
concept nobody's above the
law that even if the president breaks a
law like murdering
somebody right I mean the is more
important that the president is held to
the standard of law just like wouldn't
it be great to get a cup of coffee just
by pushing one button yeah let's just
hold everybody to the standard that
nobody's above the law then people will
not want to break the law and we're all
better off right yeah delicious
coffee but in the real world that place
where Trump resides that place that
connects Trump to every you know working
class person is that the real world has
no connection to your
Concept in the real world the day
somebody took office they would already
be under attacked by the other team to
try to put him in jail it's all they
would do now if you don't think that's
all they would do you haven't been
paying attention because they have the
power to impeach so what did the
Democrats do all day they tried
to impeach him all day and to
the point of not even doing the people's
work they were doing that while the the
pandemic was unfolding and they weren't
paying attention right so the real world
if you give somebody a hammer they start
hitting
 that's it you give somebody a
hammer they're going to hear some
you think it's just going to be Nails
don't
you well maybe if you're lucky no but if
you have a hammer you're could to
probably hit more than a
nail all right so Trump is right about
that and then uh one of the I guess some
judge asked this dumb question
which is are you saying that if on the
last day of office the president ordered
SEAL Team Six to kill his political
opponent that that that should be
completely okay right so you're
saying
now I think we need to get better
judges can can I explain how the real
world
works let me explain how the real world
works the president gets SEAL Team Six
together and says I want you to kill my
opponent SEAL Team Six then tells their
bosses and that guy goes to jail
forever that's how the real world Works
SEAL Team Six isn't going to go
kill your political opponent in the real
world now suppose they did suppose
suppose that actually happened and then
suppose we knew all right if nobody
knows that's a whole different story but
suppose we knew and he said yeah I did
it I got immunity too bad Neer
ner do you think that that President
could then just go out in the world
having murdered somebody in front of all
of us and just live their
life no somebody would kill
them somebody would try and their family
could never go out in public again you
know their entire life would be
basically never leaving the
house and yeah no nobody's going to kill
their opponent on the last day of the
presidency because nobody thinks that
works it's ridiculous right so in the
real world Trump is 100% right you can't
have presidents you know being charged
with crimes for what they do in office
you just can't he's he's 100% right and
their counter examples are just stupid
Peter Navaro it looks like he's going to
jail uh
or where he might the Department of
Justice is seeking six months in prison
because he defied subpoena over the
January 6th thing his claim was that he
was covered under executive privilege uh
and Immunity but that claim is you know
sketchy according to the
courts uh but let's add Peter Navaro to
the pardon list because we see more and
more examples of Republicans being
hunted and we don't believe that this
would have happened into a Democrat
necessarily um and this is my most
motivating
topic so we got a lot of critical things
that have to happen from the border to
everything else so there's lots and lots
of considerations when you're looking
for a new president but my number one
consideration is the weaponization of
the Department of Justice and the
pardons I'll take that over
everything I'll take that over
everything just give me that one thing
and uh and that's why I could easily
support of aake or a trump or a disantis
because I think they'll all end up in
the same place on the pards I think I
hope
um but uh
yeah the weaponized justice system
against Republicans has to be the first
thing we fix it has to be you got to fix
that because that's
that's like having something shoved down
your throat and then somebody's inviting
you to dinner and asking you why you're
not eating well maybe it's because you
shoved a broomstick down my entire
throat like get that out first and then
we could talk about the other stuff so
yeah you better you better get those
guys out of prison right away all right
um and by the way that every second
between now and the time a republican
frees those people
which I hope is what's going to happen
is a
disgrace it's a disgrace and to the
country I was going to say embarrassment
but I don't get embarrassed the country
should be embarrassed like I I don't
think you can show your head in public
when you're like this I I think that we
have nothing to say to other countries I
think we should just shut the up
about they're abusing civil rights or
whatever we think they they're doing
yeah yeah now if we're putting our own
citizens in jail for political reasons I
know I know there's crimes involved too
but we all agree pretty sure in the real
world these crimes would have been
ignored you know as just
protests
so uh let's talk about something else so
you know the Congress was trying to
figure out a deal that uh if uh if
Democrats would agree on something on
the border maybe rep Republicans would
agree on something on the budget so
they're trying to reach a some kind of
deal that was both border security and
budget do you know why that can't
work there's there's a reason it can't
work by design it can't work here's what
can work you can negotiate when the two
of you don't want exactly the same
things or things that are you know
opposite uh logically if I've got a
product and you want it
and I don't need the product because you
know I can make all of them I want but I
want your money then we can make a deal
because what you and I want are
different things you want my product I
want your money boom we got a deal we
just have to figure out the amount but
if you want the same things such as I
think I would like uh the Jewish state
to exist well what do you think I think
I would like it to completely
disappear that's not something you can
negotiate there's no middle ground
between existing and not existing not
really um likewise there is no logical
way you can make a deal on budget and
Border because both sides need both
things right the Republicans need the
border to be fixed but the Democrats
need just as hard for it not to be fixed
there's no way to make a deal
they want the same limited resource that
can only be one way or the other and
there and there's nothing in
between um same with the
budget the Republicans want what they
want on the budget the Democrats want
what they want on the budget and it's
not the same so you can't have the
budget being what the Democrats want
without it being not what the
Republicans want so you you see the
point yet I hope I'm being clear you
can't negotiate
by saying that these two things are your
two negotiating variables because
there's nothing to work with so the
reason it's not solved is that it's
unsolvable it can't be solved under that
setup now who do you think would know
that that can't
work
Trump because Trump knows how to make a
deal he literally knows what the real
world looks like and how to make a real
business deal and he would know as 100%
of all dealmakers know you can't make a
deal if there's absolutes involved that
can't be violated and the Democrats are
never going to be happy with a closed
border the Republicans will never be
happy with an open one there's not
really something in between that
anybody's even serious about you know
such as you know better vetting
something like that there's there's
nothing practical even being talked
about so no not only will Congress fail
they have to it's a designed failure
you're going to have to either add
another topic so there's something to
really negotiate on or get rid of one of
the topics so you're just talking about
the budget and then then within just the
budget maybe you could trade this for
that but if you add the complication of
immigration to budget how in the world
are they going to make a deal on that
right just
commonsensically how do you reach a deal
when you have two things that neither
can NE negotiate on
so to imagine that the public has been
so Bamboozled to think oh we're almost
there look at us doing this work we've
decided that this is our structure of
our deal now we just have to work out
the details that can't happen that can't
happen they've designed a failed a
failed system from the start there's
only one way it goes
no that's it so I'm going to predict
that
eventually the Border has to be
separated from the budget deal or
they're going to have to do something
different than whatever this is they're
they're not going to make any progress
on
this and uh Trump has already said you
know more to my point that the only deal
that the Congress should accept and of
course Congress the Republicans are
already listening to him because Trump
is the presumptive next president they
would think um and he's saying the only
deal that they should accept is a
perfect border deal on top of a perfect
budget deal in other words Trump is
saying the same thing I'm doing
different language but he's saying these
are not things that you trade one for
the
other but he he just says it in a better
way really no I want both of them
perfect because that's what the country
needs they need a budget that works they
need a border that works don't tell me
you're going to give me a bad
border so I can get a better
budget that's a sucker play you walk
away from that deal you walk away from
the roof
if that's the only structure they're
dealing with so Trump is right he's
saying either either we shove this
completely down your throat or we need
to negotiate with a whole different
process you know but but no we're not
going to take half of this to get half
of the other thing I agree with
them uh which means that they can't get
anywhere all right here's a thought
experiment for
you um try this with your your Dem grab
friends goes like this I I posted this
so if you want to send it to him in my
words you can it's on my ex um feed so
thought experiment all right imagine one
American state that implements nothing
but mainstream Republican policies and
they don't even have to argue about it
right there's nobody on the other side
they just go full Republican in every
way from the school system to taxes to
law enforcement everything then there's
another state it goes the other way and
it's full Democrat policies right they
got everything from reparations to uh
Sanctuary City and high taxes for the
you know the rich people just the whole
boat then you wait 25 years and now ask
your Democrat friend to describe both
States 25 years from
now what do you think will
happen well yeah in the real world I'll
tell you what would happen then I'll
tell you what happens if you ask
somebody about it all right so I've got
a hypothesis that Republicans can
predict the future with Eerie Precision
on this test so if you said all right
how do those two states work out the
Republicans say well the Republican
state has well educated people who are
doing well and the families and you know
everything looks
good and then they would you would say
to the Republicans well how think the
Democrat State went they say oh 25 years
of that probably has decayed into
something like you know those areas in
Seattle that were run by the street
people what was that called yeah it's
probably a complete failed State Chaz
the
Chaz Chaz is actually a perfect example
of what the entire state would be if
they used the same policies as within
Chaz which apparently Democrats were
happy enough with Chaz ja and chop yeah
it's funny those those those things that
young people will never hear they'll
never hear about Chaz and
chop all right so here's what I
think under that condition the migrants
would flood only the Democrat state so
all the migrants that would have
ordinarily hypothetically gone to both
States would go only to the one
state um in unlimited numbers and all
the rich people in the Democrat state
would eventually move to the other state
for lower tax
because if it's just Democrats they're
going to take like a 90% tax on the
richest people you know that right so
nobody's going to stay there and pay a
90% tax if they're mobile and all rich
people are mobile so they would just
immediately pull up stakes and move to
another state so you lose all your rich
people so you lose your tax
base uh then the poor people would move
to your state because you got better
benefits so you'd have poor people
moving from the Republican state to the
Democrat state to get benefits You' have
the rich people moving from the Democrat
state to the Republican state now wait
25 years and game that
out it only goes one way there's only
one possible outcome to that a complete
failed state in one case and a marvelous
Happy State in the other now you could
argue oh they're not so happy because
abortion is illegal in the Republican
state and you'd have some you know at
least that's a debate that um I would
respect the debate no matter which way
it goes but in general you would have a
failed State and you would have one
successful
one so here's what I would like to add
we we're in this weird imaginary world
where we imagine that Republicans and
Democrats differ on policy preferences
that's what you think right because
every conversation about politics is uh
I like this policy you like that policy
I don't think anything like that's
happening my filter says that the people
who can do
math and can imagine the future in other
words they can imagine what's happening
today and then projected in their mind
into the future that they're all on the
same side and the people who don't have
the ability to imagine how current
situations would unfold in the future
either because they're mentally Limited
in some cases but more often because
they just don't have that training or
exposure to that kind of stuff have you
noticed that Democrats skew young and
Republicans skew
old people under 25 literally don't have
developed brains and people under
30 literally don't have as much
experience as everybody who's
31 everybody who's 31 has more
experience than everybody who 30 and so
by time you reach your 50s and 60s it
really makes a difference so this is the
difference of the coffee maker one
button versus the taking you in a flow
state if you're young that coffee maker
sounds like the best freaking idea
seriously one button I love that but if
you're my age and as soon as you saw how
many features this thing had you said to
yourself oh I know how this is
going to go I still like it I still
recommend it by the way it's a good
machine
um well the the M makes way better
coffee than a Mr Coffee and Mr Coffee is
a fine device as well but there's no
there's no comparison of the taste yeah
because the coffee machine has this
Crema like this airfill thing that's
like a replacement for cream and sugar
it's
amazing so anyway um so young people I
think listen to Democrat ideas and they
say I like that idea because I like
pushing my coffee maker one button and
having everything I want older people
say that coffee maker has got more more
features than you need you're just going
to be fixing that and that's the
difference so the difference is purely
on being able to project what's
happening today into the future and
being good at
math that's
it there there's no such thing as
democrat or republican there's just
people who are better at math
and can imagine the future better they
science did an experiment once in which
they took people who were having trouble
saving for the future and they made a
like an AI CGI was CGI in those days an
image of the person uh older so you
could see yourself looking older and
then people would save more because they
were saving themselves they saw a
picture of themselves as an old person
they wanted to protect that person
because it's them
so they basically helped people who
couldn't imagine the future on their own
now my career has had some success but I
also imagined it perfectly from the age
of six every part of my entire life I
imagined pretty much exactly the way it
unfolded which is not an accident you
know because I caused it to go in the
direction that I wanted it to
unfold so here's my hypothesis if you
gave this uh thought experiment to a
Democrat and a republican the
Republicans would laugh and say that's
an easy one the Republican states doing
great the Democrat state becomes a
socialist hellhole and would be right
you say this to a Democrat what do you
think they would say would they say you
know the Democrat one's going to be like
a Utopia and the Republican one is going
to have no abortion no rights everybody
has to you know be like
uh I don't know some religious fanatic
or something would they say
that I have a hypothesis that they would
change the
topic so go like this Here's my thought
experiment you know one state does this
one state does the other what happens in
25 years describe it oh you're one of
those Trump supporters okay I might be
or it might not be but that has nothing
to do with the topic what do you think
these two states would
do don't try this with me you Trump
supporter uh
you know that's how it would go so my
hypothesis is that you would you would
soon learn that Democrats can't game
forward the current system to know what
it turns into what do you think and that
we just imagine it's a philosophical
differences not at all it's just math
and ability to imagine the
future uh Constantine uh kissen said
this he said that on acent she said the
people who are the strongest advocates
for Western Civilization are people like
me who have experienced the
alternative which is similar to what I'm
saying so Constantine says he has this
thing called experience and he knows
that this set of activities leads to
something he's lived through and it's
hell now he's a a youngish guy so in
this case he had a real life experience
which caught him you know put him up to
speed pretty quickly yeah he's 38 that's
a young guy I mean by my
standards so yes the people who
understand cause and effect and math and
what leads to what are kind of all on
the same
side speaking of Jamie Diamond how funny
is it that a Democrat and you could
argue that Jamie Diamond he's the CEO of
JP Morgan You could argue he's the most
important Finance Banker money guy in
the
country is that fair you can say Warren
Buffett but that's more of a portfolio
situation I think Jamie Diamond would be
the number one Banker business guy in
the country by reputation as well as
job how funny is it that he made
national headlines and trended for days
simply for saying something that was
observable and
normal
it was national news that a prominent
Democrat said something normal and
observable we can all see it and what he
said was um it's not going to turn out
well if you demonize
magga how do you not know that like like
why did Jamie Diamond have to say in
public that you really need to knock off
the demonizing part of your own
public why because Jamie Diamond
does not have
TDS and he's a certain age where he
knows how things
work he knows how things work so he's
trying to educate his younger Dumber
Democrats and he told them directly look
you got to cut out this
Mega are all bad stuff that that will
only lead to bad correct and he said you
got to grow up and and understand that
Trump has a lot of supporters strictly
because he got the big stuff
right he said Jamie Diamond says he got
taxes right uh China right immigration
right something
else but just hold in your head the
amazingness of the fact that it was
national news not that Jamie Diamond
said something
smart because it's kind of obvious I
mean to all of us it's obvious that
Trump did a bunch of things that Biden
is not getting right
obvious and it's obvious that you know
demonizing one part of the public can't
possibly lead to anything
good so when you look at Jamie Diamond
he does not look like he's
brainwashed you look at his eyes you
look at his face you listen to the
things he says and he sounds like
somebody who is just telling you what's
right in front of
you right in front of you we all see it
and he and being a Democrat who can
simply describe what we all see
was national
news that's how bad it is the the TDs is
so bad that when somebody can you know
cut through it as JB Diamond
did is
news I guess I'm just blown away by the
fact that it's news that should have
been a nothing it should have been a guy
was
talking right because we should have all
been on that page it should have been a
guy talking and nobody cared because it
would be like well you already thought
the
obvious all right here's another one uh
Federman made
news by saying that he believes China
should own zero Farmland in the United
States again a prominent Democrat made
news by saying something that's obvious
and
observable and how could you disagree
with it because and he also said he
agrees with disantis
you know which I guess made it a little
more of a news thing
so Federman makes news not because he's
disagreeing with Democrats but because
the thing he's talking about is both
obvious and observable what possible
benefit does the United States get from
China owning our
Farmland they could literally turn off
our food if they had enough imagine that
they just tell their Farmers to you know
leave leave the crops in the field if
they owned enough
Farmland we'd be begging for food so no
it's a terrible
idea betterman's
right uh Sean Strickland he's a UFC
fighter and he's making a lot of uh
noise and he you know I already told you
about him you doing some
anti-woke stuff that made a lot of news
but he did it again so he had another
event and he just went nuts on the crowd
who was just cheering like crazy and he
he doesn't like Nike he calls it the
Chinese check
mark because of the swoosh the Chinese
check mark so he sees all of his
competitors who were in the Chinese
check mark and he's mocking them for
literally being marked by China and and
I think okay you know my my first
impression of them was not you know
here's our next leader and the smartest
guy in the room that was honestly that
wasn't my first impression and then he
keeps
talking and he wins me over totally won
me over like you know I'm not going to
say I agree with everything he says you
he says some pretty rough stuff but he
won me over he's like a real citizen who
wants the citizens of the United States
to be respected and do well and he
doesn't care who he punches to make it
happen um and he somebody a fan actually
stor Med the uh he he was on a stage at
a table with a bunch of other people
imagine in today's world somebody from
the audience storms the table while he's
speaking out in a very provocative
way the guy ran up there to shake his
hand in the middle of his
speech have you ever seen
that and here's the best part you seen
an adult man coming at you hard after
you said provocative things
what do you feel well you should feel
fear if I'm giving a speech and I see a
man stand up and run toward me and run
up on stage and lean across the table
I'm going into full defensive mode but
I'm not a champion UFC fighter do you
know what the champion UFC fighter did
stood up kept talking shook his
hand it was
beautiful it was beautiful yeah you have
to see
it all right um and
then you all know that uh president mle
M I never say it right of Argentina you
know he went to the WF in Davos and
basically told them their collectivism
ideas are going to make everybody poor
and they're all Elite idiots I
made up that last part but he implied
that now we of course all cheered and
saidwell isn't that unique uh that thing
that happened one time
ever well it turns out it wasn't one
time ever so the WF got another little
wakeup call from a gentleman named Uh
Kevin
Roberts who's from um some I think he's
some Republican think that kind of guy
but he got a audience in other words he
was on stage and uh he's a Heritage guy
Heritage Foundation guy
thank you so Heritage Foundation guy you
know conservative leaning uh
Enterprise he he's there and here's I'll
give them credit so at the wef they let
him talk and they did not interrupt him
and it wasn't because he was giving a
speech he was just in a panel and to
have a panel discussion um and the
things he
said and the fact he wasn't interrupted
was kind of impressive so I'm going to
give the WF a tentative p on the back
for letting both Mele speak they knew
what he was going to say right the WF
wasn't that surprised and they may have
known what this gentleman was going to
say because you know the Heritage
Foundation so I'm going to give the WF
some
credit they they allowed the very
competing opinions and they gave it some
attention now that doesn't clear them of
you know every allegation against them
or make them the best thing that ever
happened but you can't ignore that right
it's so rare that somebody will give a
full hearing to the other side that it
makes
news that that's why V ramaswami was so
impressive there were a lot of viral
videos of him literally doing the same
thing here's the microphone you've got
this much time tell me what you think
and then I'll tell you what I think so
the first all compliments to the WF for
inviting uh the alter alternative
opinions but let me just say what he
said and I'm cribbing this from a post
by MJ truth Ultra he paraphrase
something bit it's longer than this but
he says among other things it's
laughable that you or anyone would
describe Davos as protecting liberal
democracy it is equally laughable to use
the word dictatorship at Davos and aim
that at president Trump president Trump
if he's the next president is going to
take on the power of the elite
so his take was that the people in that
room were the elites and that they are
the problem and he goes I want to drive
home with all due respect you're part of
the problem talking to the people who
are in the room with
them political Elites tell the average
person that the reality is x when in
fact reality is y and then he gives
examples oh he was good yeah I'm
paraphrasing so you're missing the like
the Beauty and the power of what he said
he is really good at talking you know
he's he is vake
quality communication skills and that's
you know highest compliment so you gotta
you do yourself a favor and listen to it
in his own words because I'm not doing
it justice uh he T he gives some
examples where they say one thing and
it's opposite of facts he says open
borders the elites tell you tell us open
borders and illegal immigration are okay
American Americans don't think that's
okay okay now I love the way he says it
he could have said it's not okay but
that's just a debatable point instead he
says the Americans don't think that's
okay by majority that's
true um on Public Safety he says the
elites tell us Public Safety isn't a
problem in American cities Americans say
that's not
true perfect climate change at least say
we have this existential crisis that's
looming Americans know those Solutions
are more harmful than the
problem China he says there are number
they are number one aary in the US and
all free people on Earth uh and all free
people on Earth Elites don't acknowledge
that they give them a
platform the wh is discussing foisting
gender ideology upon the globe and
Global Elites embrace it Trump will
understand the basic biological reality
of manhood and Womanhood
and then he says Donald Donald Trump
will be in power not to guide
sheep oh wait did he say that or did uh
no he didn't say that that was a comment
on his post U somebody said
this uh I wish I knew if it was him so
maybe you can give me a fact CH oh he
said it I'm getting a confirmation he
said it so let me read the quote uh
Donald Trump will be in power not to
guide sheep but to awaken
lions
that might be the best thing I've ever
heard in my
life oh M said it did M say that so we
have some question about who's the
author of it but it's very
repeatable yeah more people are saying M
said it
than uh than this gentleman but uh let
let us uh let us summarize Jamie Diamond
speaking out in favor of reason
over
TDS two very very capable people went to
the WF and told them they are the
problem never seen that
before
um this UFC fighter
Strickland he's basically just putting
it out there so and and of course Elon
Musk you know is our maybe the champion
of free speech making all of this
possible
so there is a dad energy that is
unmistakable do you all see it
yet do you see the dad energy now when I
say Dad I don't mean male I mean there's
a certain energy to the the the strong
parent so I'm going to throw into dad
energy the so-called uh Angel mom who
who just wiped the floor with Dan
Goldman that angel
mom if you if you watch that video and
you watch her
talk you don't want to with
her she she may be uh and she is an
attractive woman but boy does she have
Dad
energy that's dad energy she didn't come
there to take prisoners she came there
for
war and let me tell you her navigational
skills are probably good right I'll bet
her navigational skills are good I don't
think she was just playing with dolls
indoors when the boys were outside so
she's got some stuff right she has she
has some real
character um but I think this is now a
trend that will be hard to reverse and
uh I'm going to give you a little pallet
cleanser here you're probably aware that
Mark cubin is pro Dei and has been
saying things some things on the
xplatform in favor of it um not every
body agrees but here's why and I've been
part of that conversation with him and
so his view if I can paraphrase it
correctly is that a company will do
better by pursuing Dei type of goals
because uh diversity is an
advantage and you can get a equally good
employee but then you get the the double
advantage that
diversity you know gives you better
let's say
let's say a better understanding of the
market um just really in a variety of
ways I would agree diversity gives you
benefits now the question is not that
diversity gives you benefits that's
never really been the key question the
question whe is whether there are other
expenses to it now this is this is again
the coffee machine problem if I said hey
I got a concept we're going to increase
diversity but we're not going to give up
anything in terms of the quality the
employees what do you think are you are
you down with that because that's that's
the world that Mark cubin thinks he
lives in the world where you can
increase
diversity and you're not only not
spending anything to do it you're G just
gaining you know it's it's a pure gain
you get the same quality employee and
you get the diversity too and that's
good on a variety of uh
planes now do you recognize that yet
that's the coffee machine with one
button do you know what I'd love to do I
would love to increase
diversity without any impact on anything
else and everybody else is just does
just as well but that's not really the
real world is it it's not even close do
you remember when Bernie Sanders had to
be schooled by Bill Maher that what he
thought was Equity that the Democrats
are pushing was nothing like what Bernie
Sanders thought it
was because in the real world you don't
get to push one button on the coffee
machine and it works every time in the
real
world Equity turns into Equity of
outcomes which is first of all
impossible and second of all destroys
every civilization
guaranteed Bernie Sanders didn't even
know that it's one of the main platforms
of the Democrat Party of which he is one
of the main characters and didn't know
let me tell you why I didn't know Bernie
Sanders has never been a middle class
white guy applying for a
job
right Bernie Sanders has never been a
middle class white guy applying for a
job if you've not been one of those
you're blind do you know what Mark Cuban
has never been a middle class white guy
applying for a job now is Bernie Sanders
a a an idiot I don't think so if you
measured his IQ I'm sure it' be fine I'm
sure it' be fine he just is is blind to
a part of reality that other people live
every
day is Mark Cuban uh dumb because he
disagrees with me nope every indication
is he's super smart but is Mark Cuban
ever been a middle class white guy
trying to get a job in a big company
including his
has he ever been a white middle class
white guy trying to get a job at Mark
Cuban's
company um now I will agree with Mark
Cuban on the following concept there
definitely can be companies that
increase diversity and get even better
people than they might have gotten
because they're maybe trying harder to
you know look for the hidden
gems and maybe his company is exactly
one of those as possible so my theory is
not that there can't can't be a company
that does better in every way of course
they could because there's a variety of
everything all the time and maybe his
company is one and that would be a
laudable accomplishment I mean if we
talk to his uh white middle class
employees at Cuban companies which I'd
love to do by the way I'd love to see if
they say the same thing you know I
didn't think you could get this
diversity and also get all the right
employees and no racial division or
anything but he did it like he he pulled
it off in our company so you know maybe
other companies could try it too but
here's the problem it's a math
problem and if if the school systems are
not creating the um the supply of let's
say just to use one example uh black
female stem
Majors then if you're a company who's
trying to increased diversity in that
area once all the good ones are scooped
up by the you know the Apple in the ibms
what are you going to do are you going
to not do
diversity because it's just hard or are
you going to do diversity let me tell
you a management rule that I know Mark
cubin knows so there there's something
mysterious about his support of
this
um all right well I just lost my trade
of thought the
uh if if you're hiring from a li mited
pool it's just math there just there's
not enough people there so even if Mark
cubin made it work that would suggest
that the companies in the physical
environment of Mark Cuban's businesses
have a smaller pool to pick good
employees from it has nothing to do with
anybody's genes it's not a racial
discussion at all it's purely numbers if
they're just more of
something you know it's easier to find
them that's it so in the real world you
end up with a situation like uh I think
it was a muse said that he tried to get
a job and they told him over the phone
uh no we're not hiring white
people we're we're not hiring straight
white people like
directly now do you think Mark cubin is
aware I think I said you might I might
have sent him
that but do you think he's aware that
that's the normal
situation or because I think he would
think it would be un
unusual um
now he did make one good point one good
point is that people don't really know
who's the best employee most of the time
most of the time people look kind of
similar you know if you pick the top 10
applicants they're kind of look about
the same so you don't really know if the
black or the white one's going to do
better so in that case you might as well
increase your diversity because you
don't know that you're getting a better
or worse employee it's unknowable so you
might as well get the the certain
benefit of the diversity that's not a
terrible argument
but it's only a conceptual one in the
real world there just aren't enough
people you can't get fast to math they
just don't exist in proper numbers so
the the solution of course is to put all
of your your work oh my God not again it
happened
again did I tell all of you that I was
having this problem of seeing the word
Mayo all the time it's a reticular
activation thing like I saw three people
whose last name were Mayo in the Mayo
Clinic and somebody just sent a comment
about mayorcas May orcus starts with
mayo which I never noticed until this
very
moment I got I got a message from
somebody who was watching the show when
I mentioned mayo and I challenged people
that they will see the word mayo and
she's I guess she saw it three or four
times that that day it was Mayo
everywhere did everybody else have that
experience after I said you're going to
see Mayo a lot did everybody see it a
lot the next
day no maybe all right some of you
did
anyway um oh I was going to say you get
what you measure so this is the part
that I think uh Mark
cubin um is forgetting because obviously
he knows it that if you're an employee
at a big company and and they say there
are two things I want you to accomplish
number one is improve your diversity and
your pay will depend on it but number
two is you also have to perform well
according to all your basic standards of
performance which one are you going to
do which one are you going to put all of
your energy into well if it's me I'm
going to put all of my energy into
diversity do you know why because it's
measurable at the end of the year
they're going to look at your employ
emplo and it's either more diverse or
it's
not and you can know for sure if you
succeeded or failed of that so people
will put all of their energy into in
what can be measured because the other
part how did you do on your projects you
know what you can do with that well okay
my projects didn't work out well but
it's definitely not because of anybody I
hired who wasn't qualified is because
you didn't give me enough budget there
was a a problem with the supply chain
the vendor lied to me and there was a
sort of a macroeconomic problem and then
there was the you know the Red Sea there
was the the hooes blew up the ship that
increased our right so if you're a
midlevel manager talking to your boss
and the boss says two things I want to
check with your performance on your
projects and your diversity you're going
to nail the
diversity because you can just go down
lower and lower in the quality of
employees because of the math not
because of genetics not because of
anybody's race just math and
Supply uh you're going to lower the
quality of your probable
output to get the most measurable goal
which is the diversity so in the real
world uh you don't get what Mark Cuban
would like to get which is people saying
yes I want diversity but in no way am I
going to pick the Lesser
employee that's a concept that's one
button on the coffee maker and their the
real world you'll pick the less employee
the less qualified
employee every
time unless you're the lucky company
that you know got to the the small
supply of qualified people that you're
trying to to
add all right
um uh and Elon Musk um summarized the
entire conversation with two
words and the two words are Cuban
so I guess I could have shortcutted that
but I I don't think the problem is IQ
obviously it's not IQ I think whatever
Mark cubin is chasing is some
combination of uh what he would like the
public to see of him which is perfectly
reasonable for a public figure um and
also probably a blind
spot but maybe we can help it with
that all right um Jonathan turle
tells us
that here's another one of those concept
versus
practice uh so Penn State there was a uh
Professor who was suing because he got
put into a de Pro Dei program and he was
a white guy and here are some of the
things that we learned this is from to
Le's reporting um so the judge judge uh
bstone wrote this in the opinion
training on Concepts such as white
privilege white fragility implicit bias
or critical race Theory can contribute
positive can contribute positively to
nuanced important conversations about
how to form a healthy and inclusive work
environment so that's what I said yeah
diversity and understanding the whole
area can can help it can have some
upside but oh there's a butt there's a
butt uh but the way these conversations
are carried out in the workplace matters
oh so in reality the concept doesn't
work out so well how did how did it work
out in
reality let let's check reality
according to this
case um but the way these conversations
carried out in the workplace matters
when employers talk about race any race
with a constant drum beat of
essentialist deterministic and negative
language they risk liability under
federal law in other words discriminate
against white people is what she's
trying to say or he's trying to say
whoever this is uh I don't know the
gender of the judge anyway uh oh is her
her uh in her denial of the Penn State
motion so they were trying to dismiss
the case I
guess
um they mentioned how the Dei director
emailed all employees quote calling on
white people to quote feel terrible
about quote their own own internalized
white supremacy and to quote hold other
white people accountable she also noted
that the assistant Vice Provost of
educational
Equity uh led the
faculty in an exercise to hold their
breath and then they told the white
people to hold their breath longer so
that they could feel the
pain they were literally torturing white
men and humiliating them in front of
other people as part of their Dei effort
they were literally humiliating and
making physically uncomfortable the
white guy so he sued
him now what did the judge say I'm going
to summarize the judge yeah it' be a
great idea to get a coffee maker that
you can just push one button and get a
great cup of coffee but in the real
 world let me tell you what's
going to happen and what did happen
in the real world it just went to
 all right and that ladies and
gentlemen is
my way too
long program of the
day way too long so I'm going to say
goodbye on the uh Rumble and YouTube and
x uh glad you joined uh by the way my
Rumble traffic exceeds my YouTube
traffic
now Ju Just hold that in your head I've
been doing YouTube every day for what
seven years or something I just started
Rumble and Rumble traffic most days is
way bigger than YouTube huh I wonder I
wonder what could be behind that
huh it's exactly what you think it
is in summary ladies and
gentlemen sometimes it's exactly what
you think it is
and uh thanks for joining I will see you
guys
tomorrow