hey
everybody this is a cry for
help also a good example of why the
interface by wi Hub application is
necessary I'm looking for somebody to
explain to me how to change the
footnotes in Microsoft Word from
defaulting to be letters like I dou I
triple
I uh to to numbers one two three now
before before you get mad at me and say
Scott Scott Scott just look at the help
just Google it yeah on a Macintosh um I
have Googled it I have looked at the
help and the help is useless because it
says and you've probably had the this
situation yourself the help is is
useless because it says things like on
the references tab of the window click
the blah blah blah blah now of course I
go to that Tab and there's just nothing
like that there's no there are no menus
that correspond to anything that the the
uh the advice is uh is doing so if
there's anybody here who could jump onto
my my app interface by wi Hub in the
next few minutes I'll go log on I'll
search for the keyword word and if you
can talk me through it you can set your
own price so I will pay way more than
you think it's worth for me not to spend
the next two hours of my life trying to
solve a ridiculous problem so for 25 no
I'll pay
$100 I'll pay
$100 for what would be less than 60
seconds of advice Dev because otherwise
I'm going to be here all
afternoon so for $100 on the interface
by one Hub app and I'll sign off here
and then I'll check that um I will I'll
pay you $100 for 60 seconds worth of
advice and simply where the menu is
that's it you just have to show me which
tab the menu is under it because I can't
find it so uh it is version somebody
asked
me version It's Microsoft for Mac uh
version 14.7.99