um
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba hey Carl well then
do you know what time it is it's white
Bordeaux clock no it's better than that
it's double whiteboard time yeah
- I boards one on each side it's gonna
blow your mind full of tantalizing and
provocative ideas that are gonna make
you think make you hate make you cry
well probably won't make you cry might
make you do those other things though
let's talk about some stuff this
happened since the last time I saw you
well I went shopping today pretty big
news yes yes I did I put on my mask went
to the grocery store I have not been to
anything like a building with ceiling or
anything except my house in quite a
while and I gotta tell you I was
thinking you know I was thinking to
myself you know how bad is it gonna be
shopping in the grocery store it's gonna
be like some kind of dystopian nightmare
or Waterworld end-of-the-world hellscape
kind of situation but I had I had
optimistically been saying in general
that there might be some things that end
up better after the virus crisis but
there might be some things that we say
hey let's just rethink this from scratch
because we wouldn't ordinarily but since
everything's broken let's rethink
everything and let me tell you I just
had the best grocery shopping experience
of my life and I just wanted to continue
let let me tell you how good this was as
I approached the front door
there were carts right by the door there
have never been carts right by the door
there usually you have to go hike over
over yonder and get yourself a cart but
they were right by the door for the
first time not only were they by the
door but - very nice employees with
masks where we're sterilizing them as
they the other customers dropped them
off so for the first time in my life I
picked up a sterilized freshly
sterilized cart right by the door how
happy was I before I've even walked in
the door I said to myself I can't go
back I can't go back to the days of dry
me everybody has touched this cart I
don't know which baby has drilled on it
I can't go back to that but I figure
okay but sure the there's one thing
that's good about it
but the rest of the shopping experience
is going to be tough so I I got ready
now I know most of you have been
shopping already but you know I'm yeah
I've been I've been hiding for a few
months so it's the first time I've been
in the store so I go in and I noticed
first of all that everybody has a mask
on including me as they shed and I said
to myself will this be the first time
I've ever purchased groceries that
didn't have a thousand people's human
spittle on them and I thought I think it
is this might be my first spittle free
shopping experience of all time now I
don't have you know Howie Mandel OCD
yeah I can I can shake hands I'm pretty
anxious to wash my hands
soon after shaking hands but I'm not you
know I'm not too concerned about germs
and whatnot I you know have a healthy
regard for them but I have to tell you
having now shopped in a store where all
the employees and the other customers
have masks on
I don't want to go back I mean I really
don't want to go back I mean a lot I
mean I'm not even joking if we can
always wear a mask in the grocery store
I just keep mine in the glove
compartment of my car I'll wear my dad
mask as long as you get all those other
Yahoo's to wear a mask and all of my
food we'll have you know only the
pesticides on it that I like so much and
not the humans middle so now I've got
this sterilized cart I think I'm in
heaven didn't even have to walk to get
it
there's no spittle on my food wait it
gets better this gets better they're
limiting the size of the crowds right I
didn't even have to fight for anything
nobody was in front of me oh sure there
were some people passing by but they
were much of my business and then I go
to check out and they marked the floor I
tweeted it you know and apparently a
number of stores are doing this so they
marked the store the floor with squares
so you know what Square to stand on so
you're six feet away from the next
customer line and people were actually
using it and I thought to myself
oh my god I never have to be crowded
again I never have to have the the the
six-year-old who pushes the mom's cart
into the back of my ankle while I'm
waiting for to pay for the groceries
I'll never have that that feeling again
of being was just sort of pushed and
somebody's breathing down my neck and a
little tight and the Mobile's squeezed
in there I'll never have that again
I can stand six feet away from the
nearest person I've never been happier
it was the happe wait it gets better it
gets better one of my pet peeves is that
they'll always ask me if I want a paper
bag or plastic I always say plastic
because the paper bags they had those
break off and I'd like to be able to you
know pick up like two in each hand and
you can
do that with the plastic ones now it
turns out that they only have the
plastic ones because the paper bags were
kind of less I guess there I don't less
good or something so every time that I
would go into a Safeway I would say I'd
like a plastic bag please what do you
think they say when there are two
choices and you pick one of them clearly
and without any even being asked I would
like the plastic bags please well 75% of
the time this is what would happen dum
de dum dum dum tum tum this is time
passing don't don't don't don't of what
kind of bag would you like plastic or
paper I just said plastic but of course
they do this all day long and they
forget what you said and that runs in
with the last four hundred people they
waited on so they do have to ask again I
totally get that but as the customer
what is better not having to answer it
or not having to answer it twice
sometimes three times sometimes the
beggar will come up and I'll have to
answer the same question for the third
time yep still plastic bag just like the
last two times I was weighing in on this
question but now no paper bags just
plastic again one of the biggest
annoyances of shopping wiped away I go
out to the parking lot I was parked
right next to the cart area where you
you take the carts back because the
store wasn't that full just best parking
or the best shopping experience of all
time I hope it never goes back anyway
that's not what I came here to talk
about let's check your your hoax
detection equipment how many of you fell
for the hoax that was going around the
internet too recently this head that the
CDC mysteriously and quietly cut the
number of people they estimated dying
from coronavirus from the sixty some
thousand to thirty some thousand
effectively cutting it in half
how many believed that that hoax that
was going around for the last couple
days if you believe that one you sorted
need to check your your hoax detector
here's what you should have known right
away if that had been real it turns out
it was just people were looking at a
page this showed I don't know partial
data or for a less than the entire
period so it wasn't what people thought
of us but if you believe that the CDC
quietly cut the number in half you would
have to ask yourself why none of the
major news sources are reporting it
because it would be the biggest story in
the country immediately so if you waited
a few hours
you know first few hours you might say
to yourself hey they haven't covered it
yet maybe they're looking into it but
after about a day is going by and you
and neither CNN Knorr Fox News or
Breitbart nor often good post nor
anybody if nobody's covered it and it's
only on Twitter it probably didn't
happen okay so if you're one of the
people who got taken in by that the test
that you should have put on it is that
there's no major news source reporting
it if even one of them reported it then
you'd be on at least reasonable grounds
because a major news source was agreeing
with you that doesn't mean it was true
but we should have a little bit of
support all right I'm gonna give a trump
report card on how he's done on this
coronavirus business are you ready for
this you ready controversy provocative
if you can handle it I know you can all
right let's see how Trump did on I tried
to break it into sort of logical
categories and let's see how we did
how'd he do an early awareness it was
reported that his security briefings
which they say he doesn't read or pay
attention to that they had been warned
four out of weeks and weeks about this
coronavirus is that true
probably here's the context a lot of
people get worn well the president gets
warned about a lot of stuff what is just
sort of an early indication that doesn't
mean he needs to do something his
experts were telling him he didn't need
to worry so early awareness I give the
president who is not himself an expert
on biology and a because he took you
seriously at exactly the same time as
the top experts in the world
ouchy Burks etc so he didn't he didn't
go you didn't take you seriously before
they did that would be bad performance
nor did he take it
not take you seriously after they talked
to him and talked to him so the best you
could perform as a not expert is that
you got it as early as the experts got
it now should the experts have gotten it
much earlier yes but they have an excuse
too because China may have been you know
concealing some of the information but
even still maybe the experts could have
been a little bit more on the ball yeah
you could imagine the the experts only
get a I don't know a see would you say
grade of a see because even though China
was hiding the information there should
have been enough warning signs it feels
like that the experts should have seen
this a little bit earlier but not the
president the or not the politicians I
know I wouldn't put anybody else in that
category either because if the if they
if they took the same path as the
experts did that's as good as the
politician who can do at Trump close
travel early I think he deserves credit
for that
now we're all getting tired of him
reminding us of that but it's also
completely fair I think it's completely
fair to say that he took an action that
was super unpopular and I don't think
there were many people in the room who
agreed with him when he did it so that's
an A+ probably his best grade
is that and you can't take that away
from I'm gonna give him some lower
grades as we go so this isn't all going
to be good news but I do agree that you
just have to you just have to give them
the A+ on that closing the Travel
ventilators a plus I'm gonna say a plus
now you could argue hey where were all
the ventilators ahead of time but I
would argue that being prepared means
that you don't run out of ventilators
did we run out of ventilators we did not
did we have extra ventilators in the
long run we did so I would say that the
president yeah you could argue that he
should have had a warehouse bunch of
warehouse of ventilators but nobody else
did you know were there are other
countries that warehouses full of
ventilators the fact that he got private
industry to serve to whip up a bunch of
ventilators and facts so many of them
that we have three times more than we'll
need I gotta say pretty good pretty good
I'm gonna give them an A for ventilators
because I don't think it was reasonable
that he knew we would need so many
ventilators
that's a hard ask to think that the
president knew that but we were prepared
enough to respond to it so i given Binet
and also American industry now there's a
real question whether it was ever
important I mean there's a real question
to whether the ventilators are hurting
people more than they're helping and
those are good questions but this it was
identified at one point as being
critical the president made it happen
we have tripled the ventilators we need
a plus PPE my biggest complaint with PPE
is that we did to have visibility we
couldn't tell if we had enough where we
had enough etc I would say that after an
additional bad start it looks like we
have enough so it looks like whatever
the government's were doing the states
were doing most of the buying the the
federal government that was back
stopping it I would say that this was a
little bit of a closer to a pass/fail
situation
if you run out of PPE you failed if you
didn't run out well I think you passed
so I'm not sure that's a given an a B or
C or D whatever it feels like that was
pass/fail and he passed we in the end we
have enough and I think that they did a
lot of smarter stuff and I think that
they spared spared nothing to get it
done and I think that also I give him an
A for cutting red tape it seems to me
that there was a tremendous amount of
red tape that just got you know washed
off just with a brush of a hand and it
hasn't come back to bite us you know so
far you know knock on wood so far
there's no damage from any red tape that
got caught there we know now I would say
that you could argue that the PPP
payments didn't have the controls they
needed up front but we quickly are
adjusting it looks like you know there's
some clawing back to the money etc and
I've told you from the start that when
everything is sort of a type of war and
it's fog of war and you've never done
things before that the way you should
judge everything is how quickly you can
correct that and how do you how do you
respond to something that it didn't work
and I would always I would always look
at that over the first attempt because
the first attempt sometimes it's a gas
in these murky situations did trumpet
take expert advice yes in fact Trump has
taken expert advice so so clearly and I
would say it's such a such a consistent
and dedicated manner that it's even
becoming a problem there's some because
there are some people who wish he were
not taking their advice and maybe could
you know loosen things up and go back to
her so but if you have to say that does
the leader take the advice of experts
yes you know if you think that's
important you could argue whether he
shuddered out that's a separate separate
argument don't you think but you can't
argue that he
and that you can't argue that the that
the population of the United States by
an overwhelming majority wants that to
happen so most of the country wants to
happen he did it I gave the name hey
alright the financial relief it's harder
for me to judge I would say again the
smart thing that's happening is I would
say that Steve minuchin is very
qualified as far as I can tell if
anybody has a counter-argument to that
I'll listen to it but every time I see
see if out you do I'm sorry uh minuchin
do something I feel like he's he's good
at this am I wrong I feel like he's sort
of the right guy in the right place at
the right time so that's great but you
know Congress has a big role with this
it's not all it's not all Trump or a
blue chip and I think that there were
some missteps and it was slow you know
clunky didn't get to the right people
and stuff but a lot of that is just
built into how hard it is it was just a
hard problem with a very short deadline
so how do you grade somebody who is just
part of a lot of people you know
trumpism Congress Trump is a minuchin
but mizuchi work sort of so what's
Trump's grade for a sort of a messy
process
I'd say the process itself I'd give a
solid b-plus to again using the same
standard which is that it was very messy
when it started but did they adjust and
it looks like they did it looked like
there were lots and lots of adjustments
and it looks like they're still
adjusting and will continue to adjust so
as long as you see them monitoring and
adjusting that feels like the right
stuff right it feels like they've got a
system that makes sense you don't know
how quickly things should have been you
know would some other president have
gotten a different result and you don't
know so I'm going to say that's at least
a B but that's you know also involve
Congress etcetera but it's at least a B
testing I would give a mere failing
grade I would say I would say Adi maybe
generously ideas a dog so this is
probably the the worst area not only
because we don't have much visibility
but I'm just annoyed at this part
I saw Senator John important he was
tweeting how the the US had done out of
a six-point sum of a billion tests and
that was a lot we tested more than
anybody has ever tested but if you dig
down just a little bit you know and you
factor the fact the fact that our our
population is large compared to most oh
you really haven't done much testing and
I can't tell you that we have a plan to
do more testing or enough testing
obviously there'll be more but we don't
really have any visibility on it and I
don't think we're close and even Bill
Gates said no we're not even
prioritizing things right to be useful
so I would say testing would be a that's
the lowest grade I would say the
therapeutics of the vaccines it does
look like the federal government is do
it oh let me one more thing about
testing the president has said that that
was the state's responsibility and
helped them know what resources were
available for the states to contact you
know in terms of labs and getting test
kits and stuff like that which I don't
think was as helpful as it could have
been so even though you would say well
that was more what the states were
supposed to do you can't blame Trump
he's the federal government but I can't
because it because it's a an emergency
so in an emergency there's no such thing
really as job responsibilities you know
not really if the federal government
can't do something that can't be done by
others and I think that was the case
with testing then they sort of are
obliged to do it
because of urgency right you know you
just are obliged to do it because you
can so that's the low-grade
I think the therapeutics of the vaccines
I don't know we'll see we haven't seen
it
thing yet so it's hard to give a grade
for that but it does look like the
federal government is clearing the deck
and doing everything they can to make it
easy so I would say other things we know
they've done probably a probably really
good psychology I would say the
president does a good job of this of
being optimistic and keeping the economy
talked up while still being realistic
enough you know in terms of his actions
so I think that the president actually
hits a really good balance and he's
blamed for being too optimistic and he
definitely was in the early days of the
crota virus so I think he was too
optimistic early on as often as pointed
out but at the moment he's hitting a
really good note of yeah you know it's
tough every life is important but we're
on the good side of this you know he's
just it's exactly what you need right
now so I'm going to give him an a for
managing the economy and our stress in
terms of how were thinking about it I
don't think he gets enough credit for
that I think the government did the
federal government did a good job with
the guidelines even if you don't love
them I love the fact that the federal
government sent a states let us take the
heat we'll do these guidelines you can
have a little bit of flexibility within
it but you know but we'll take the heat
so as long as you stay within these that
each of you government government the
governors are not going to be
individually as responsible for how it
turns out so I think that's I think that
was really really smart so I'm not gonna
say it was Trump's idea necessarily to
have guidelines I doubt it was but I
would say that the federal guidelines I
hate that this is so nerdy and wonky and
it's like a cubicle point it's like guy
in cubicle kind of a point but I think
these guidelines were a huge hint in the
sense that they really let everybody
focus and understand what mattered now
you could argue about the details of it
but just the fact that they
executed it as well as they did I think
really strong give it a name I'm
messaging I think the president's been
spotty
you know his whole disinfected thing I
thought he could have cleaned that up
and he didn't I thought a lot of his
press conferences could have been
shorter now he it looks like he's
adjusted now and I think he's on the
right track
he probably bragged a little bit too
much and some of them what do we just
wanted to hear what the numbers were and
I thought that the communication about
the you know the sufficiency of the PPE
and all that stuff I thought that was
terrible so I would say that the
president always hits home runs but he
had a lot of strikeouts too so they were
proud he was sort of Babe Ruth on this
one you know Babe Ruth I think had
records for home runs but also
strikeouts because he swings for the
smoothies he would swing for the fence
so much so those are my grades so I
would say overall the president gets
strong grades now some of you are going
to say but but but but you know
shouldn't we be going back to work and
didn't he take into serious too
seriously just some of you saying not
seriously enough
maybe but he is following the experts
and if you're just going to degrade the
president's performance on coronavirus
it's a quite strong
unless you think testing is the key in
which case quite bad alright but here's
a fun point I tweeted this tweeted
earlier I'm going to tie this into the
other topic I tweeted earlier that
twitter has become the fourth branch of
government and what I mean by that is
the Twitter acts as a check and balance
on the the other parts of government so
if and also on the press so in the old
days the the press and the government
who often were together a little too
well could control what you knew and if
it didn't come through the news it
didn't come from the government well how
would you know what was happening
because Twitter allows everybody to be
weaponized you you know just yesterday I
think the Tara Reid story but Tara Reid
gave some interview or something the AAP
published a headline and within a minute
Tara Reid is reading the headline gets
on Twitter and tweets that they had like
this false would you have known that
without Twitter you heard it right from
the actual source now there's more to
this story but that's not important to
my point my point is that Twitter has
allowed you to see behind the curtain
because there's always somebody who was
there
yeah the news the news could report one
thing but it takes five minutes to say
uh but I was there I I was actually
there and that's not what happened so I
think Twitter somewhat accidentally has
evolved to be like a fourth branch of
government now when I said that on
Twitter a lot of people said hey you
can't say that because they're we didn't
elect them they were not elected Twitter
is not elected to which I say have you
heard of the Supreme Court they're not
elected you could say well but they're
appointed by people who are alright but
you the point is yeah you know we can
make the government anything we want
there's no rule that says every part of
it has to be elected I would say that
the twitter is essentially an extension
of the population the voters so the
voters were always part of the
Constitution the voters always had the
right of free speech so Twitter is just
magnifying really the the power of the
public to be a check and balance of the
government but let's take that idea and
take it to the rotavirus situation
here's the problem with our form of
government at the moment let's say if
you let's say are three branches of
government could the existing three
branches of government get us to a good
outcome with AK rotavirus I would say no
I think you need a fourth branch of
government
let's say Twitter to get us a good
result and here's why because we have
the wrong system for this specific
problem our system of government is
really really good for a bunch of stuff
for example if your country is attacked
your federal government is a really good
choice for putting an RV together to
defend your country
all right so federal government real
good national defense and armies but you
know the who decides depends on what
what the question is some things that
are driven down to the the city or the
state some things drove it down to the
individual etc so the who decides is a
big deal and this is more important
because of the coronavirus story
somebody is going to have to die meaning
that no matter what we do in terms of
either going back to work soon or not
going back to work soon those two
decisions will determine who dies now
specifically but it will determine which
group gets the most impact
so they any elected official given our
three branches of government tell me
which official within our existing three
branches is capable of making a public
decision about which of these three
groups is going to be the victim in
order to get to the other side so do we
make a decision that's bad for poor
people which elected officials going to
do that I'd say that which elected
official is going to say well we're
going to make some decisions it's going
to be really bad for unhealthy people
nobody can do that our system doesn't
let you do that because you can never
run for office again do you do it it's
just impossible you couldn't do it so
you can't to go after old people
unhealthy people or poor people but this
coronavirus situation unfortunately has
put us in the situation where you
absolutely have to choose you actually
have to choose are we going to screw the
poor people screw the unhealthy crew to
screw the old and of course there's
of overlap right the poor the poor
people have more health problems so
they're also unhealthy so so which
politician gets to decide who to screw
we don't have that system and the
problem is that leadership doesn't work
for the coronavirus because no leader
can say yeah I'm gonna screw the poor
people but you old people and unhealthy
people you win it's the poor people who
are gonna have a problem can't do it
so what's the opposite of leadership
since leadership can't work and we have
a system with three branches of
government and leadership and it's just
the wrong system it can't make a
decision like this so what's the
opposite I don't know if this is a word
but let's call it a follower ship
maybe things depend on public opinion
baby twitter is a big part of that
because twitter is building public
opinion I'm sure even the you know the
protests probably get organized on
social media probably a lot of them on
Twitter so Twitter and opinion polls
become sort of that fourth branch of
government which can actually make these
decisions because Twitter is sort of
forming its own opinion if you will and
people are starting to take matters into
their own hands if you will now would
you what is it that gives any kind of
government moral authority I would say
the eddying government no matter what
level of government you're talking about
the only thing that gives the moral
authority is capability if they
demonstrate that they're capable that
people will say ah okay you're capable
you know I might be able to come up with
some complaints about you I might not
you know love what you do maybe it's not
what I would do but I do admit that
you're very capable with this now being
capable is what gives you moral
authority you know this assumes that
your intentions are right as well
and my point is that our federal
government in our government in general
is not capable of making a decision
about who dies except in terms of war
but that's a little more clear-cut and
so I believe our government is losing
moral authority not because they're bad
people not because they don't try not
because they don't want to have it do an
outcome not because they are bringing
the best minds of the you know the
smartest people and the best experts of
the world they're doing everything right
I mean everything that you can imagine
they would do they're just the wrong
tool for the job you can't ask your
elected government in this Democratic
Republic system you just can't ask them
to be a screwdriver when you need a
hammer you know it's just the wrong tool
but you can you ask you can ask the
public you can ask the public what do
you want to do and then the public
because we are capable will actually
decide now it may not look like a moat
with a majority or anything like that
but the public is going to start taking
things into its own hands in other words
there is some point and you're starting
to see the the first suggestions of it
there is a point at which the public
will simply say government I gave you
every chance government I gave you every
chance and I even allowed you moral
authority because this in the initial
stages it appeared to us us the public
that you were capable and in fact the
government did many things I just gave
them high grades and a lot of them they
were very capable in fact nothing short
of impressive amazing really you know in
some aspects or what the government's
did just amazing but they are not
capable of making the go back to work
decision
in a way that allows them to keep their
jobs etc so the public is going to need
to do that for them I've said it before
in a weaker form now I'm gonna say it in
the stronger form you as a citizen of
the United States need to help your
leaders you need to help your leaders
follow you because if you think it's
time for the United States to go back to
work and your eyes are wide open you
know that you might die you know there's
somebody in your family might die as the
president said today on his Town Hall
which I thought he did quite well I
thought this Town Hall was a strong
performance for the president but the
president was noting that he knows
personally three people I think he said
three you have died from coronavirus and
he said he'd lived his whole life had
never heard anybody you know who died
over the regular flu and I've said the
same thing like how could I get to this
point in my life I don't know anybody
who died in the flu but a hearing of all
these people dying of coronavirus even
in my life people of hearing of them
dying of it so the president made that
point I thought it was good anyway the
public does get to decide this one and
you did you need to get to the public
needs to get to the point where it's
driving the car we're not quite there
because I don't think the public knows
that it's gaining moral authority by the
let's say imperfect actions of its
government and I think where the
government's lose their moral authority
is with all these gray areas you know
it's sort of a gray area is that whether
you could go to the beach go to the park
or go to a drive-in Church service or
something I mean you could say those are
gray areas but not really I think those
have to have to default toward freedom
now now that I've said that let me tell
you the worst argument I'm hearing for
why we should be allowed to go back and
do everything we want
and that's the argument for freedom it's
really a bad IQ but freedom is the worst
argument upset youth this way to get you
all worked up before I tell you what I
mean
yep everybody who's saying that we
should we should go back to work the
government shouldn't stop us since our
constitutional right and it's now
freedom that is the worst argument and
again I want to go back to work too but
safely I say that because I'm blocking
people who say but safely like there's
anybody who doesn't want to go back
safely there's anybody on the other side
have you heard anybody say I'd like to
go back to work but if we could find it
unsafe way to do that
I think I'd choose that no we all want
to go back to work we all want to do it
safely maybe we could just stop saying
it we don't need to say it anymore we've
all said it let's get back to work
anyway
freedom is the worst argument and here
is my argument why because both sides
are fighting for freedom who in the
world believes that the only people want
to freedom are the people marching do
you think that the governor doesn't want
freedom really do you think that all the
people who think well maybe we should
stay inside for another month do you
know you don't think those people want
freedom after what world is there only
one side that was freedom can you at
least admit that that's the wrong frame
it's not the freedom lovers versus the
people he freedom that's the dumbest
thing you could ever think about this
what it is is the people who think the
best way to get to freedom is to just
let us happen you know let us go do our
thing and suffer the consequences that's
one version of freedom and the other
people say it's going to be a lot better
for you know like a real freedom if we
beat this thing with a little bit of
stick-to-itiveness now then that might
be right it might be wrong
I personally a little bit more aligned
with the let's get going proud at least
the young people you know for god sakes
let the young people go back
work that's just crazy thought other
than what I've never heard a water
argument for why the young people can't
go to work and I think that has to do
with the government being the wrong
instrument as well because I don't think
the government can discriminate by age
or or health ability so that's another
reason the government can't make the
decision we have to we have to push them
for it anyway the freedom argument is
ridiculous because everybody wants
freedom they're only talking about
different ways to get there and the
other one reason is ridiculous is that
you live in a thing called civilization
civilization exists almost entirely to
rob you of your freedom can you can you
drive your car on any side of the road
you want No
can you drive on any side of the road
you want without a license when you're
10 years old with no insurance no
civilization is nothing but when do it
down your rights into this little
generic group that won't kill anybody
and that's all we do is take away rights
you know you don't have many rights at
all if you were to consider all the
things that a person could do you know
you can't move into your neighbors spare
bedroom
you can't hit people you can't say sort
of things about them I mean if you
looked at as a percentage of all the
things that could be done the things
that you're free to do is almost a
vanishingly small and I would argue that
we're basically ok with that because I
don't hear a lot of people saying Scott
I want my freedom to drive on the other
side of the road I know it's dangerous I
know it's dangerous but freedom freedom
no nobody argues that because it simply
just sort of works better if we drive on
the correct side of the road and don't
run into each other
alright this coronavirus thing is
temporary bias nature are we gonna be so
dubbed that we'll make permanent changes
that were Dublin's well maybe a little
but we'll fix it
are you concerned that the Democrats are
going to take advantage of the crisis
and you know get their universal
healthcare or whatever
well they might but taking taking
advantage of a crisis is what
everybody's doing
you know the people were making buddy I
just saw that the line at the bicycle
shop my local bicycle shop because
bicycles are essential their
transportation it's got a light around
the corner there probably have the best
year ever
because they're a bicycle shop so yeah
some people are doing great I don't even
do I brought that output where has Scott
been the last 50 years don't know what
you talked about so let me give you the
better argument for going back to work
freedom is a intellectually empty
argument it is however a persuasive
emotional argument so when I watched the
protesters and I see that I have to
admit when I see them with their flags
and with their you know their rifles I
kind of like it I kind of like it I'm
not gonna lie I love I love watching
these Patriots come demonstrate for
freedom I love that they bring their
legal firearms I love that the bohr
Trump supporters are with guns the lower
the level of violence is and it works
every time oh yeah I'd probably jinxing
myself but I love the fact that the
people who actually know how to use
firearms and you know they go to the gun
range and they take it seriously you
know you could pack you could pack the
protest with those people and it just
gets safer like every every gun you add
just makes it safer because those are
the kinds of people there so do I love
those people yeah I do kind of do I kind
of love those people I love their
protest I love their American flags I
love their patriotism I love their love
and freedom I love their guns I don't I
don't mind saying so
but that's emotional that that's a
purely emotional reaction which I think
most you share right don't worry you're
kind to love it when you see in protests
even if you think maybe they should even
if you wish they wore their masks don't
you still just emotionally don't you
guys love it you do alright admit you do
but that's emotionally intellectually
intellectually the reason to go back to
work is that there's a crossover point
and nobody knows where it is nobody
knows the exact right time to go back to
work you know I feel like we're there at
least where I live you know your your
town may be different but in my opinion
the best the best argument for going
back to work is that you have to
eventually nobody knows the exact right
time and let's just try it yeah you know
it's time to try it for sure so I don't
think you have to make it or you don't
have to say people die from the bad
economy too we know we know we know a
bad economy kills you we have to go back
but we have to do it safely we know we
know we know we get it well let's just
let the people do their thing right
let's take the decision away from the
politicians I'm not suggesting I'm not
suggesting you civic disobedience I'm
saying that the public has a limit to
their patience and that that that limit
will be expressed by let's say more and
more civil disobedience in terms of the
guidelines but I think people are still
going to be respectful because even
people who want to do civil disobedience
still have a you know deep love for
their country in most cases they're
still gonna wear their masks because
they still you know they still love
their fellow humans some may some may
not but you get to choose where you go
you know you do have that freedom
so that's my advice to you if you want
to persuade use the freedom argument but
just know it's it's about emotion if you
want to be intellectually honest about
it say nobody knows what to go back but
let's try it see how it works there's no
reason not to send young people back
hospitals seem to be in good shape let's
just try it and I would argue that you
know if you're looking at the log arc of
history the people who are arguing that
we should definitely go back right now
versus four weeks from now I don't know
if you were to look at this from
outerspace that there's really a
difference between now and four weeks
from now there's there's a big
difference now it feels at the moment
there's a big difference under stress
level yeah there's you know so the clear
financial difference but I think if
you're looking at it from you know 10
years from now you're gonna say yeah I
think I faintly remember it was longer
than I wanted it to be I just don't know
this will be the thing that makes a
difference so I would go sooner than
later but if if you know my state we're
gonna lock down until the end of May and
it's not my choice it's not my choice
but I also don't think in the end that
anybody will starve yeah we'll make sure
we'll make sure that no it nobody's
gonna let anybody starve all right
somebody says great job Scott what is
your preferred astrayed well it depends
if it's the morning or the afternoon
newsome's tweed is totally ratioed to do
so do something they got into trouble
Scott that case why aren't you calling
for a suspending rent and mortgage
payments you haven't heard me say that
let me say this as clearly as possible I
don't think anybody should pay rent or
mortgage payments during the period of
the clothes damage I think it would be
almost immoral to pay your rent or to
pay you or your mortgage now I know
there
in different situations so there's a big
difference between a rich landlord who
can absorb it and you know you're
renting from one person who's all the
income is that you pay the rent so yeah
people are gonna have to work it out at
the individual level but given that it's
a gigantic problem with a million
variables if you can push that problem
on to the banks that's where you want to
push it because if you push it to the
banks the banks are literally too big to
fail meaning that the government has to
save the banks you just asked him so you
can just sort of consult you could you
could take a hundred billion individual
problems which is the people who
couldn't pay the rent couldn't pay their
mortgage you could take all a hundred
billion of them and Bachelet bit to sort
of one much bigger problem that moves to
the banks because you don't pay your
landlord and then the landlord can't pay
the landlord is owed mortgage and then
the bank doesn't get their buddy but
it's easier for the government to bail
out the bank if it has to be done the
banks could also probably survive by
just saying just take three months off
for a payment and we'll go back to where
we were like it never happened
they probably would be okay because all
the the only thing that they lost was
three months of operating operating
income and their expenses were probably
down at the same time so yes as clearly
as I can say it I'd love to ask you
economists for a second opinion
but I would love there to be no rent and
no mortgage payments for these periods
now maybe you could adjust it for only
people who lost their jobs that would be
fair right I would say that unless you
lost your job you should still pay your
rent you know if you still have a salary
you should still pay your rent
that's our really only talking about the
augment point all right or the people
got just whacked by the by it do I have
a mortgage I do not
deflation will be a big problem going
forward baby could be nephew in Michigan
says everyone is out doing normal
running around normal in the sense of
using stores because even if I wanted to
go even if I wanted to go to a store
most of them are closed renters will
never pay back the rent
but owners will always have to pay
principal but they will always have to
necessarily pay it on the same schedule
could be pushed out yes ok yes I've got
to limit my answer to the unemployed or
financially strapped I should have said
that off right off the bat do I adore
believe I buy own groceries today was
the first day since the the virus so I I
had told myself that on May 1st I was
going to personally start making my own
decisions about what I'm doing so if a
store were open I would go to it but
there's not much open so I have there's
very little that I can do individually
that I'm not very doing maybe I'll be as
careful as I can all right somebody says
seventy thousand Americans are dead
Scott you're saying that like there's a
point to it that is not entirely obvious
Snickers mostly that's my intruder
that's where intruder Abart can you hear
it Snickers is very upset about
something do you want to see what it is
you want to go with me might be an
intruder you you might you might you
seem to get killed on camera that's
quite a bar she doesn't do that unless
there's something really
all right well if you don't hear from me
in the morning the intruder got me I'd
better go see what that's about
now we'll see you in the morning bye for
now