well we're going to have a show
today quite quite the
show you'll be glad you're
here might be a short one but it'll be a
great
[Music]
one good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams
would you like to take this up to a
level that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brain well
all you need for that is a cuper mug or
glass a tankered shells or Stein a
canteen Jugger flas a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamin of the
day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous sip
go
exra
good well today's a little bit special
because I'm going to completely change
the lives of some of you that's a
promise now it's sort of a statistical
promise because I can't get you all and
you don't all need any kind of an
improvement some of you are just right
the way you are but for some percentage
of you I'm going to give you reframe in
a few minutes it's not right away that
will completely change your life and
some of you will say damn was it always
that
obvious and then you'll say all right
I'm going to go change my life and then
you will this is actually real by the
way you
legitimately if we get um 100,000 people
to watch this which would be
typical and of 100,000 I'll bet you I
will change the lives of of 5 to 10,000
people
completely so that's my promise to you
but first let's talk about this overdue
book from a Virginia library huh why
would that be an interesting story well
you be the judge but um there was a book
returned to the library that had been
missing for 50 years and that was the
new record for a book Return to a
library 50 years do you know what the
record was before that for the same
Library I know that's what you're
wondering you're like what was the
record before that well the record
before that was 9 years but I'm proud to
say it was my book so there so before
that the the longest day book had been
out from the library was my book The
dilbur of future from the
mid90s and uh it's a it was described as
a cartoon self-help and joke book oh
it's so much more than that but yes my
book is so
good that people will steal it from
libraries yeah that's better than that's
better than a five-star review how good
is it it's so good I'm not even taking
it back to the library so I felt pretty
good about
that um as you know I'm what's called a
slider uh I'm one of those people who
makes lights blink when I go by them
street lights and other things I now
have three separate lights in my house
that blink
continuously one in the kitchen one on
the far end of the house uh by the dog
door and uh one in my master bedroom
different lights different situations
all three of them blink blink
blink true story can I explain it
no now here's a question for you how
often in your life has it been true that
your car is working fine there's nothing
wrong with it no lights are on don't
need any service at the same time that
all your major appliances in your
kitchen are also
working now for most of you that's
fairly common isn't it for me it's
never any time in my life has it been
true that my car doesn't have a light
on uh and and that all my appliances
work so my car has been to to Major
service twice this month I've had a
dishwasher repaired a coffee maker a
refrigerator I'll have the third repair
on it I woke up to another another
kitchen full of
water that's my normal life there's
nothing unusual about that so
Electronics just go around me I don't
know why
um so here's a small sounding story
that's big to me so the Amazon digital
assistant whose name I shall not say
because it will activate all of your
Amazon Digital assistants Who start with
the letter A
Lexis um but they're going to be
upgraded with AI so they had not had
real AI until now but uh sometime this
year they'll have it now most of you are
saying that's the smallest little
unimportant story not for me I I have
those devices around my house and all
the major rooms
and I talk to them all day the trouble
is that talking to them goes like this
hey name of
device uh what's the weather
today I do not have control over the
kitchen No I said what's the weather
today it's
2:00 now what's the what's the weather
the weather
today the top news story is no shut up
what's what's the weather so if you
could actually make those
devices understand what I say on the
first try like AI does AI understands
you really really well um and then maybe
just have a conversation with it it
would be completely life-changing this
would be the Star Trek moment for me do
you remember in Star Trek when the crew
would just talk to the ship and it would
be the some AI thing running the ship
and they would just sort of hit their
little communicator and talk to it
that will be me in in just a few months
I'll be just in my spaceship here
talking to my talking to my computer
can't wait I really can't by the way I'm
not that's not a joke I'm actually very
excited about it it's it's
transformative um there's Story coming
up which would explain this
better which is that in Japan I think
there were over 30,000 people who died
loone at home in the past year I saw
that number somewhere
and imagine that in Japan over 30,000
people died alone in their homes in one
year because they a massive loneliness
problem imagine what will happen to your
loneliness problem if you can just talk
out loud in any room of your house and
there's some intelligent entity talking
back to you it's completely
transformative trust me it's a big big
deal it just doesn't seem like it
yet well speaking of Aon robots there's
this new robot getting a lot of
attention today it must be close to
release it's called the Neo
Neo and uh I guess it's a beta version
so all of the the video call us it calls
it the Neo beta and here's the funny
part the robot is actually designed to
act like a beta male
that does whatever you want Oh may I
grab your purse for you miss and it
shows what looks to be a single woman
with her beta male robot that just does
whatever she wants and it even calls her
over for a
hug and I'm
thinking did they really have to put the
beta part on there I mean that's a
little bit too on the
nose so if you're wondering which humans
would be replaced first it's beta males
beta males will be replaced first and
and is that a surprise no no because if
you were to rank the importance of human
beings you know that would be a horrible
thing to do wouldn't it but we could all
do it meaning that if you were in the
life if you were in the Lifeboat and
somebody had to be thrown overboard we
could all make the same decision about
who goes first if you know what I
mean so you know your your rank is
usually children are first
although if you're a Democrat might be
women are first and children are second
but you know men are going to be lower
on the list and then the beta men the
beta males literally have the lowest
value in society so the beta males got
replaced first
surprise who needs a s when you got a
robot so I'm sure they could have made
them so they didn't act exactly like
beta
males but if you're going to make them
look like that don't call it the Neo
beta that's all I'm saying I know
they're using beta in a different way
it's just
funny well two more stories about major
breakthroughs and Battery development
every single day these are different
stories I'm not I'm not telling you the
same battery breakthrough story every
day but there are two more um be this is
a big big deal because you need your
batteries for your
robots you you're not going to have a
world of robots unless the Battery Tech
technology gets a lot better and it's
all happening now do you ever ask
yourself why is it all happening at the
exactly the right time isn't that weird
that exactly the time we need really
really big advancements in batteries
it's happening when do we need it for
the robots isn't that weird anyway that
feels like a simulation situation
there's a company at adio systems
they've got a new thing that will will
uh get rid of all your Forever chemicals
in your battery that's a big deal you
know the ones that you can't get rid of
uh otherwise and 20% reduction cost and
uh 50% increase in energy density 82%
decrease in energy consumption to make
the batteries themselves there's another
tech Explorer has another story about
researchers they figured out how to oh
they figured out if you have a lithium
battery that uh how you charge the first
time can make a gigantic difference in
how long it lasts so so just knowing
that little bit of
information could double the length of
time your battery lasts the the these
changes in The Battery Technology are
all
gigantic this is one little tweak on
existing technology simply knowing that
your first charge is the important one
that presumably they could do it at the
factory so it gets done right um and it
doubles it doubles the life of it
doubles its value these are gigantic
changes civilization changing
technology all right University of su
had a research and they found out that
uh humans are most well they're very
influenced by the repetition of messages
and that you can make something that's
untrue seem true to people simply by
repeating it over and over again now
what do you think I'm going to say about
that huh
they did research to find out that the
more somebody repeats a message the more
likely you'll act like it's
true well they could have just saved a
little bit of money and asked me because
it's the most basic knowledge that every
hypnotist knows every Advertiser knows
it everybody in marketing knows it
everybody in everyone in politics knows
it you didn't even have to ask
me tell tell me could they have asked
you could they have skipped all this
science and just said oh I'll just use
the phone book if that existed and I'll
randomly call somebody hello hi oh you
don't know me this a random phone call
I'm trying to save some money on some
research do you think you could help me
out sure well we were going to research
whether showing somebody the same piece
of information over and over again would
have any influence on what they believe
to be
true um yeah that's obviously obviously
the case so you feel confident about
that
yeah totally you can skip all the
research save that money thank you very
much stranger see that's how they should
have handled it just randomly call a
stranger now remember I told you I was
going to change your lives not all of
you but a Solid 5 to 10% of you who
watch this either now or later your
lives will be completely changed by the
reframe I'm about to give you you ready
for it a lot of priming it has to do
with this obvious science that the more
you see something the more it changes
what you think is true here's the
reframe each of us spends a certain
percentage of our day thinking about
sometimes the past and thinking about
sometimes the
Future Would you agree that so far you
all agree now I'm not saying what's
right or wrong I'm just saying that we
all spend some amount of time thinking
past about the past some amount thinking
about what we'd like the future here's
the reframe that will change your life
forever if you think about the past too
much it'll make you
depressed and maybe fill you with a
regret and you're also going to be
thinking about somebody that you no
longer are you're not the past so the
more time you spend thinking about the
past and the problems and the things you
should have done and the things that
didn't work out the more you're
guaranteed to be depressed because what
is true is what you think about the most
so if you think about the past the most
even though the past doesn't even exist
it's gone there you can't grab a piece
of the past it's gone but if you think
about it the most it becomes your
reality now take it the other way if you
think about the future and what it could
be if you make the Right Moves you
become like Arnold
Schwarzenegger uh he's someone who talks
about visualizing the future you've
probably heard other people like
probably Tony Robin maybe you've
listened to me and um Jim Carrey says
the same thing so you'll find tons and
tons of super successful people who will
consistently tell you the same thing
that they think mostly about the future
and then they imagine the future they
want Arnold Schwarzenegger's got a great
documentary on Netflix right now story
of his life I recommend it I haven't
finished it but I totally recommend it
um for the mental part so just as it is
true that if a message is given to you
over and over you'll think it's true
whether it is or not when you think
about your past that becomes your
reality and it's optional you can change
the percentage of time you think about
your ideal future you know an ideal
future where you have some steps where
you could actually get there and uh that
will completely transform your
experience of life as well as your
success so the simplest way to remember
this is that the more time you spend
thinking about your preferred realistic
path in the future and the less time you
think about where you
were the happier you will be and the
more successful you'll be now half of
you just said I already do that Scott I
know remember I'm going after 5 to 10%
of you so some of you are just along for
the ride and you're part of the
productive uh change for the 5 or 10% 5
or 10% of you just said wait a minute
you just pulled together everything I
was thinking about but I didn't quite
see it that cleanly because you all knew
that affirmations are good you all knew
that positive thinking is good right you
all knew that thinking about the future
and having a plan is good but I just
simplified it in a way that will
actually activate it for you if you're
thinking about the past just say get out
get out of your head see now I'm
combining two techniques the get out if
you're locked in your thought thought of
something that happened just say get out
get out think of the future think of
what you want to happen tomorrow think
of what you want to happen in five years
you can do it all you have to do is
build yourself a little habit completely
changes your
life all right well the complaints about
air travel are up 12% since last year
tons of complaints this is more evidence
of what I call the incompetence
crisis there we have a General
incompetence crisis where we expect that
nothing that used to be simple will ever
work I mean even the most basic
transactions that you used to think
would work I don't really think they'll
even work before I try them now so I
don't know what's behind it but we got a
lot of incompetence happening I think I
think a lot of it has to do with
everything's more complicated you know
humans didn't get smarter but everything
that we have to do got more complicated
so that would get you to an incompetence
crisis if not for the Dei programs which
has nothing to do with the people has to
do with the program would artificially
require um more demand than there is
Supply
shortterm anyway uh seven or some people
say six in the news US service members
were injured in a raid in Iraq that went
after a bunch of Isis militants and
killed them so we're still fighting in
Iraq we're still fighting Isis I I hope
that this is just um I think they call
it mowing the lawn you know every once
in a while you have to go out and mow
the lawn and just make sure that you get
the the new militants that are popping
up so I hope that's not any kind of a
big Trend that's
coming I hope that was just mowing the
lawn as they say which is a terribly
diminishing thing to say about human
life even Isis all right
uh according to the Wall Street Journal
American consumers are more optimistic
so they asked 1500 voters in late August
and uh pretty big change so they asked
about their feelings about the economy
34 said 34% said it's improving compared
to 26 in early July that's a pretty big
move but 34% is you know still only a
third of the country thinks things are
moving in the right direction um and
then the sherff thought the economy was
worse fell 48 from 54 so of course that
would be a equivalent change
now so the so what do you make of the
fact that now that you know that the
more you hear something the more true it
is even if it's not true so we just
talked about that so then you look to
the Wall Street Journal and you try to
pull together these Concepts huh The
Wall Street Journal says the economy
might be improving according to
Consumers and if consumer opinions go up
then probably the the economy will
follow the consumer sentiment because
the sentiment makes them buy stuff
buying stuff is good for the economy Etc
so how do you read this story then do
you read the story as a uh true and
useful piece of
news I
don't I I see all the news within the
umbrella of brainwashing and propaganda
that everybody's got an agenda
and when you get this close to the
election and a major publication tells
you that people are thinking better
about the economy how do you take that
well if you saw enough stories that says
I think this economy is turning around
what would the public think they would
think the economy is turning around and
then they would vote for whoever did
that so I don't really even see stories
like this as news to me they're newsy I
mean it's probably a true true survey
I'm not saying it's false I'm saying
that what they decide to talk
about is a decision about how much you
see of every message if the news can
decide how much you see of each message
then even what is true and what is false
stops mattering because remember what
you see the most is your truth that's
what you lack them so if they keep
telling you things are getting better
well maybe that's an indication that
whoever is writing these
articles might want a little bit less of
trump and a little bit more of Harris
maybe you don't know that I'm not a mind
reader I'm just saying that's what you'd
expect the more you see
it all right
um here's what Nicole Shanahan RFK
Junior's running mate uh said on Fox
News quote Democrats spent Millions on
law seat suits to keep us off the
ballots now that we've suspended our
campaign they're scrambling to keep us
on the ballot you know so you you know
the background of that right so uh the
Democrats were trying to make sure RFK
Jr couldn't run so they use all their
laware that they could that cost the
campaign millions of dollars to defend
against all that stuff and then as soon
as he said but you know I'm going to
take myself off the ballot in some of
these Battleground zones so that Trump
has a better chance of winning
now they're fighting the opposite fight
oh you're on the ballot now you you're
definitely staying on the ballot now oh
we're not taking you off the ballot nice
try we're keeping you on the ballot so
I've never seen a more naked abuse of
power but here's my question how many
Democrats are even aware of this it's on
Fox News I'll bet every one of you were
aware of it cuz if you're watching this
you're probably news news junkies like I
am
I bet every one of you knew it that the
Democrats went from trying to keep them
off the ballots to trying to keep them
on the ballots and then none of this has
anything to do with democracy or Freedom
or or anything it's just a naked Power
move no I'm not saying that maybe
Republicans would never do any naked
Power Moves this isn't something that's
limited to one side of course but I
guess the thing that shocks me is that
it could be so blatant and the reason it
could be so blatant is that
nobody who's voting Democrat will ever
even see this more than once they might
have seen it once but if you only see it
once it doesn't become a thing even
though you know it's true if you've only
heard it once it will never activate any
action so the news can actually report
this accurately say well they were doing
this but now they're doing this and or
they could have Scott Jennings come on
and every once in a while he'll say but
you know remind you they did this and
now they're doing that as long as it
doesn't come up much it won't have any
effect on on Democrats it would have to
come up over and over again before
anything sinks in that's that's what we
just
learned so such a naked Power Play but
they can get away with it so this is uh
Trump's new framing of
Harris uh he said quote Harris didn't do
a lot of interviews but she's she's not
good at it I guess which I think is
everybody's bottom line it looks like
she's not good at it yeah she's not good
at it we'll talk more about that and he
says quote I think she would have been
better off if she uh just did interviews
even if they weren't great it would have
been better because now everyone's
watching and now we see she's defective
she's a defective
person and we don't need another
defective person as president of the
United States we just had that
he is so good with with Framing and
words I I never really thought of that
word
defective not not once have I ever
thought that would be the right word to
apply to any of the situation but as
soon as you hear it you say to yourself
oh wow he found a way to tie
dementia to whatever problems K Harris
has talking and public we don't know
what drives that and but they're both
defective so he doesn't have to be any
more specific than that because as soon
as you hear that word you're like
defective yeah yeah it it's not like two
regular politicians in a contest K
Harris does actually look defective now
to be fair the Democrats would say but
that Trump is defective in so many ways
but they use that word so it's just
funny that he picked that word first
they probably will you know now that
he's used it if it if it makes a dent so
far it hasn't but if it makes a dent
they're going to they're going to pick
it up and say you're defective oh yeah
you're defective but not until it works
so it's not working yet but I love that
choice of words just tying tying
defective Biden to defective Harris it
does feel like if you were looking them
as a product well let's put it this way
all right here's the best way to look at
it if robots were a little bit better
and a robot could run for
office and there was a robot Harris and
there was a robot Biden and they they
acted just like the real human beings
act but they're robots what would you
say about the
robots you would say they're
defective wouldn't you if you built a
robot and it couldn't handle an
interview you'd say ah what do we do
wrong with a robot I couldn't handle the
the interview if you made a robot that
acted exactly like Joe Biden you'd say
oh man back to the drawing board this
robot couldn't even do a debate without
looking like it was glitching out so the
fact that he he uses like a robot name
to describe both of them as
defective I don't know there's just
something perfect about it the the
timing of it is
right Fox News had a body language
expert talking about kamla Harris and I
did see on the clip the name of the
expert so I'm not leaving it out uh by
neglect it just wasn't easily found so
apologize to the expert but uh he a body
language expert who said that KL Harris
lacked confidence and presidential
appearance that she was bobbing and
waffling showing that she didn't have
confidence or she was
unprepared and that uh it's an
indication says the body language expert
that her words were not matching her
internal
feelings your words were not matching
your internal feelings I felt that now
I'm no body language expert well a
little bit I mean I I do spend a lot of
time looking into it it's within the
persuasion domain but I wouldn't call
myself a body language expert I just pay
attention to it more than other people
do um but he said uh she she would break
her her gaze if you watched it did you
notice how often she would look down
instead of looking at the person she was
talking to who who looks away from the
person they're talking to I've done a
lot of interviews with a lot of you know
hundreds and hundreds of interviews I
don't believe I've ever not looked at
them when I was talking to them if it
was just the two of us on camera and
imagine a person sitting right next to
you you know like right to your left
instead of looking at them the whole
time and talking you spend a good deal
time like looking down
to form your thoughts that's a real bad
look yeah that's a bad bad look it was
like she couldn't make ey contact and
also keep her thoughts straight so
that's what you want negotiating with
Putin someone who can't make eye contact
and also think at the same
time it's a problem it's a big
problem um Byron Donald's was making
similar comments about the body language
on Fox and he said uh Fox new and he
said uh that when kamla was asked about
her family she looks relaxed and she
makes eye contact and I thought o Byron
Donald's good observation that is
exactly correct when she's not lying and
you know it because she's just talking
about her feelings or her family or
something there's no reason to lie uh
she looks relaxed and like a normal
person but as soon as she had to talk
about
policies CU she's got all that
flip-flopping and maybe she's not the
best at explaining her point of view she
looked confident and she had to look
away and look at her hand and look at
the table and look at everything
else um and Byron says why does she have
to do that because she doesn't believe
these policies he trying to remember
what staffer coached her to say now I
can't read
mines so I'm not I'm not going to agree
with uh Byron that that's what I can see
in her mind but is is a reasonable
[Music]
perspective that it certainly looks like
that's what's happening yes yes from the
perspective of that's what it looks like
absolutely but remember we can't read
mines so don't go too far with it you
know Byron's in a political realm so
going a little extra far sort of normal
politics but he can't read her mind he's
just really good at
communicating all right uh Bill Mars
back from his summer
Break um and he joked uh I don't know I
don't know why we ever thought talking
about Harris I don't know why we ever
thought she was as bad as people thought
she
was uh she only she he said that Biden
had one bad night but she had uh she had
a bad three
years she did but she's fine so even
Bill
Mah can see that Biden was defective you
know there's no question about that
anymore but more than that that uh the
Harris has been basically defective for
the entire time she's been in office now
here's my
question
uh nothing fascinates me
more than watching Bill Mah navigate the
situation in which he is very clearly
aware at this point that he's on the bad
side now he didn't start that way and
indeed you know as you know I I've uh
I've had more
Democrat um voting and you know Support
over my life I just don't have it at the
moment so if I look at the two parties I
say to myself one of those parties looks
like a pure criminal party one of them
looks like they still like the
Constitution they don't even look
similar like a little bit to me there
was a time when we used to say the
parties are the same you know Al Gore is
going to give you the same thing as
George Bush and that's not true but it's
it's way more true that the difference
is Extreme at this
point so if you're Bill Maher and you
obviously you're swimming in politics
it's your
job how do you not notice that your team
is the anti-democratic team absolutely
you know keeping people off the ballots
and he mentioned that by the way to his
credit he he's saying it directly that
his team is keeping people off the
ballots he had Nancy p on uh went went
kind of hard at her but also jokingly
which is perfectly good approach
and I think he's very
close not to voting for Trump but just
totally treating his team like they
failed and you know he's he's hinting
around the corners certainly leaning
that direction but we can all see that
it it's a separate question
whether Trump is your best choice as
president and and I get that reasonable
people could have a different opinion on
that I wouldn't say anybody's crazy if
they'd prefer a different president but
if you're looking at what the Democratic
Democrat Party is and how they act it
looks purely criminal to me like really
criminal like super super freaking
criminal and how do you not notice
that it it feels like I think Bill Mah
does notice it because he's talked
around it and about it you know about
the details of it enough that it's
obvious he's immersed and is
understanding what's going on I think he
probably I can't read mines probably
thinks that it's correctable and maybe
it's temporary and you know the party
will
normalize but I'm not really seeing an
indication of that so at some point
you're going to have to break
with your team because you're just a
criminal if you're participating with it
at some point you just become a criminal
now I'm not uh I don't want to call
Democrats deplorables that's not where
I'm going with this I'm not saying
there's anything wrong with the people
I'm saying that the people are in a
situation it's in they're in a
brainwashing situation and the the uh
let's say the signals that they've been
brainwashed are so clear at this point
that people are noticing the smart
people first right it's the smart people
who are noticing first and they're
leaving first and I think the rest are
going to start
noticing that they're onun a they're in
essentially a criminal Enterprise and
you could hate everything that the
Republicans do and they could be
political and they could do naked
political things like everybody else but
it doesn't look like they're trying to
be crime criminals it doesn't look it to
me anyway
big difference Reed Hoffman as you know
one of the biggest donors to the
Democrats um was on the all-in Pod now
that's extra interesting because they
would be people who have lived and dealt
in the real world I'm sure they all knew
each other uh saxs and Hoffman had been
part of the PayPal uh group so they've
known each other a long time I assume
um so here's uh I didn't see the entire
pod I just saw clips from it and I've
got a few few suggestions my first
suggestion is for Reed Hoffman how to do
a uh interview on the
video now if you're looking at me on
video the framing that you see in this
video is roughly an ideal
framing so I'm I'm a certain age and I'm
not wearing makeup which is you know
typical on video stuff these days it's
typical so you don't want to get too
close and it's creepy if you get too
close now I would like to give you my
impression of Reed Hoffman on the all-in
Pod this is going to be very disturbing
to many of you you might want to look
away so let me tell you about what all
the things I'm doing you're on uh this
is terrible don't let this be what you
look like on video nobody wants to see
this if you're male and you're a certain
age nobody wants to look at your damn
face at all certainly like this this is
the most disturbing thing that could
ever happen don't do this again
Reed that's my advice but also you don't
want to do derss have you seen derss the
other big mistake is you put your laptop
um that has your camera on it too low so
here's the other way to
go this is the
dtz don't do the durs where you're
looking down at your
computer terrible look no terrible
look so oh let me show you what I have
here El I'll turn it around if you can
see it can you see this little uh this
little table these little tables are
perfect it's like uh I don't know it's
like 6 Ines tall or something and you if
your chair is right and you you set it
down on the little
table you get
perfect perfect video just like this by
the way this seems obvious it took me
forever to figure out all these little
tips so I can if you don't do it every
day I can understand why it's not as
obvious so don't do
that and then uh Reed was challenged on
giving money to groups that are doing
some anti-democratic stuff such as
trying to keep RFK Jr off the ballot and
stuff and Reed Hoffman's answer was that
uh like a startup he he might donate
money to a startup but he doesn't have
control of what all the employees do
moment to moment or what the CEO does
and so similarly he was saying he gives
money to
these lots of different groups
apparently so he doesn't fund one group
he funds apparently numerous groups and
uh I think he was acknowledging that
that some of them might be doing some
things he didn't
like does that sound like like a
credible answer to
you here's what would be a credible
answer to
me um can you tell me the names of those
places that did things wrong and so I
can never give them money again because
that's
terrible now that would be somebody who
really didn't want his money to be going
going to non-democratic stuff that's
sort of what you'd expect it's like oh
my God yeah you're right some of that
went to some people who did some bad
stuff uh we have the names of those
groups I'll make sure my money never
gets to
them now he did say that he had always
been very clear that nobody should be
doing any non-democratic stuff with his
money but you know it's not exactly
stopping anybody
so um he also said that he believed the
what I'd call the fine votes
hoax so Reed Hoffman believed that when
uh Trump called
renberger in Georgia after the 2020
election he said we only need to find so
many votes that that was a clear
indication he was asking him to
cheat
now how do you how do you process that
because we know Reed Hoffman is
unusually
smart but nobody smart believes this so
how do you reconcile unusually smart
with belie believing something that only
a dumb person would
believe is that
brainwashing or is he
lying or is he just didn't know the
facts now hold that thought hold the
thought that he thought that with lots
of people listening because Trump knew
that there were people on the call right
so he believes that Trump with lots of
people listening would ask somebody to
cheat on the election so he could win
the
election that is an absurd
belief a reasonable belief is that Trump
really believed he won really believed
that it would be obvious the election
was was stolen and that it wouldn't be
that hard to figure out how stolen it
was if you were close to it like
rapenburg is so if they just you know
maybe looked a little harder they might
find that some of the votes are
illegally
cast something like that now the way I
heard it cuz I'm
not well maybe I am I was going to say
I'm not I'm not brainwashed but when
you're brainwashed you you always think
you're not so maybe I
am but the way it looks to me is that
um if you really believe that he was
trying to overthrow the country by
telling somebody that he just needs to
find X number of votes I don't know how
to process that but I'm going to give
you one more hint that will help you
maybe come up with a hypothesis of why
somebody this smart and this connected
to politics because he has an interest
in politics he's not a casual Observer
why would he think something so
absurd well you might say he's
brainwashed because a lot of Democrats
think the same absurd thing and they
also believe a whole bunch of hoaxes so
here's one way we could tell if he is
lying
intentionally or he has been hypnotized
by own
team one way would be if we knew that he
believed in another hoax like a real
obvious one if if you knew that he
believed some other real obvious hoax
and you were sure that he actually
believed it like not just saying he
believed it wouldn't that suggest that
maybe the problem is brainwashing and
not an
intentionality well in the same podcast
he said that the protesters on January 6
quote killed police officers
killed police
officers now you know that didn't happen
right and David Sach said
who I can't let that go I got to fact
check that there were no police officers
killed on January 6 and then he sort of
retreated to well you know the one died
of something soon after but it wasn't
connected at least nobody's made a
connection um and one of them may have
taken his own life but again
there's no suggestion it's
connected so that was a
case where I think that news has been
told a million times like how how do you
not know that the protesters didn't kill
any police that's really important if
the protesters had killed police I mean
even I would feel differently about it
so so what does that tell you about the
other thing so he believe that the fin
votes thing
was an attempt to overthrow a a proper
election and he believed the police
officers were killed on January 6 or did
he just say
it and not thinking he wouldn't give
fact check because of course he would be
fact checked so I think he wouldn't have
said it unless he thought it was
true so it does
suggest that brainwashing might be more
active than some other motive but we
don't know can't can't read his mind
so um I don't know it's confusing I'm
going to say he couldn't there there's
no way that the problem is he's
dumb would you agree we can we can
eliminate dumb as one of the
explanations there's just no way he's
dumb that's just not a thing right he
very smart so if you eliminate
dumb then there's you know misin
informed but it didn't sound like he was
exactly
misinformed it looked like he knew stuff
but he was interpreting it through an
absurd filter and that's a tell for
brainwashing so I'm going to go with
he's actually
brainwashed now he may have other things
going on as well but uh I'll just say
that Elon Musk made a uh public uh
prediction here that uh I have no
evidence
whatsoever that this would be an
accurate statement right so I'm not
backing this I'm just telling you what
Elon Musk said yesterday I think uh
based on the because the alen
Pod Elon Musk posted on X he said re
Reed is terrified of trump winning and
pro and being prosecuted for being one
of Epstein's top
clients
yikes yikes
would Elon mus say that if he didn't
have any extra information you know
beyond what you and I
know would he I don't know I mean it's
actually that's an open question would
would he do
it without any extra
information like what he knows is
exactly what you know that uh and Reed
is admitted he's used the he had used
the Epstein plane but there there's no
indication whatsoever in the public
domain that he did anything illegal or
inappropriate all right I want to say
that as clearly as possible I'm not
aware of
anything just just being on the plane is
not enough for me right because the
plane was used for a variety of things
and obviously Epstein made his plane
available as part of his networking and
you know doing favors for people who
might do favors for him later and stuff
like that but none of that's illegal and
and probably not that uncommon for
people who have private planes and more
than one of
them so that's quite the accusation and
it makes me wonder if if Elon knows
something that we don't know but we
don't know so I'm not going to assume he
knows more than we know it's just an
interesting
question well Mike Ben is uh trying to
wake up the country on the question of
what Brazil is doing and uh here's what
he said today in all caps and he doesn't
he doesn't Post in all
caps I think he's getting a little
frustrated that he is clearly trying to
tell us something really important and
we're not hearing it and the
government's acting like it's not
happening it's I I think he's in some
kind of personal hell where he can so
clearly see what's happening behind the
scenes but describing it to the rest of
us is almost
impossible which which I said today so
let let me give you here's what he
said in all caps if the Biden State
Department us Aid Ned whoever that is
and a th000 usgf funded gongos that must
be government government organized
non-government or organizations what's a
gongo in Brazil if they um if they if
they do not do the below actions on
Brazil Banning acts the Republican House
of repres can zero out all of their
programs in the budget all right does
anybody understand what any of that
means what percentage of the general
population of America could read that
statement from Mike Benz who is a
perfect Communicator by the way he's one
of the best communicators you'll ever
see it's the
topic the topic has too many
parts uh State Department okay okay
what's that got to do with us Aid who
are they wait what who's n never heard
of him wait what there a th USG funded
gongos what's a gongo What's it got to
do with Brazil wait a minute is this the
Democrats doing something or that or is
Brazil doing is it that is it Bill Gates
is it the W show what like this story is
impossible to
tell because we're we don't have enough
you know background and we don't have
understand what the parts
are so here's my thing I think 1% of
Americans are able to understand what
Mike Ben is saying is a huge problem and
I'll I'll describe it better so here's
my best summary of
it the state department of the United
States wants to control all information
in every country including the United
States because doing so is critical to
its goal of controlling
everything controlling other countries
so can use their resources and they
don't become enemies and we can control
the government controlling citizens in
America so that they vote the way the
state department would like them in
their view what's good for the country I
suppose but part of the state department
is massively funding these
non-government
groups many of which are active in
Brazil to collectively support this idea
of banning X in Brazil there's one judge
in particular who seems to be the
uh cannibal Lector of
Judges he just seems like this totally
evil guy
so I think the bottom line is that Mike
Benz is trying to tell the Republicans
in the house because they still have the
house that they can cut the
funding of these organizations that are
operating against the interests of Free
Speech but it's
complicated
so does everybody is that that make
sense so let me just say it one more
time our the US state department has
massive funding for various entities
around the world not just American
entities but since they fund them they
control them and those entities are
collectively putting pressure on various
uh government and private entities to
censor and so basically the state state
department is operating a massive
censorship
Campaign which has the effect of
censoring us platforms like X in other
countries and of course those platforms
need other countries to survive right
they they're they're not just a one
country business they need Europe they
need South America Etc so so you can
force American companies to censor or
you can make them get censored in other
countries through all this you know
various organized
entities so and the house would have the
ability to cut those budgets if they
don't cut it out and start acting like
we'd like them
to so having explained all that I
believe that I could if I if it were
really well explained instead of 1% of
Americans understanding the risk
involved here I could get that up to
2% I just don't know how you do with
this I mean I'm actually I'm
baffled M Mike Ben's underst stands he
explains great it's just really
complicated so humans are not able to
act on complicated stuff we just can't
do it because we say ah I don't even
know what lever to push what are you
saying I I'm going to go going to go
work on things I understand we're we're
always going to be driven to things we
understand over things we don't
understand it's a huge you know personal
impulse meanwhile uh Laur lommer has a
uh scoop I guess uh Tim wal's brother
Jeff wals had not talked to his brother
in eight years we don't know what that
was about but uh Jeff appears to be
either a Republican or at least anti-
his brother and he says I'm 100% opposed
to all his
ideology he said that on a Facebook post
recently uh he said I've thought hard
about doing something like that um
uh the he says the stories I could tell
so this is wal's Brother the stories I
could tell not the type of character you
want making decisions about your
future uh that's his
brother if your brother says you're not
qualified for your
job uh I think I would listen to that
what does the brother know my
God anyway the Trump campaign um as a
video add mocking KL Harris for saying
my values have not changed something she
said in the Dana Bash interview um and
so it starts with my values have not
changed and then it's a whole bunch of
cuts of her saying things that she's in
fact changed her mind on uh I saw Raheem
cim hope I said that right pointing out
the same thing I was going to point out
which is it'd be better if you put her
saying my values haven't changed in
between each of the stories of the thing
that
changed because you you lose a little
bit of the fact that her lie is is not a
little lie it's
gigantic so if you want to Tire to her
values have not changed I would really
repeat
it remember repetition is persuasion
that's the lesson you learned today so
they need to repeat the my values have
not changed a little bit more in that ad
I would re-edit it and reissue it
um Tim Walls has some kind of political
origin story again it's just one of
these complicated stories I'll just kind
of brush on it the Washington examiner
has the details so apparently he's long
told this story of back in
2004 um he's he was a folksy high school
teacher and he took two of his students
to attend a campaign rally for George
Bush as an educational experience and he
says all three of them were denied
entry because one of them had a John
kery sticker on a
wallet um blah blah blah and then uh
they were interrogated and treated
poorly Etc now the reporting is that
none of that happened that in fact they
actually got into it and that they were
not students of
his so they were not his
students they were they had some uh I
think they were associated through some
political group so they weren't students
but they you know they had some
legitimate reason to be there I guess
with
him so I'm not sure I care too much
about his folky story of how he got
weaponized to become run for office but
it does seem to be kind of a pattern
that he lies about
everything he seems to lie about
everything so is he that different than
the other candidates
well uh I haven't seen JD Vance lie
about
anything so so he must be different than
JD Vance I haven't seen the when V was
running I don't recall him lying about
anything when RFK Jr was more actively
in the
race I don't think I've heard any
anything that sounded like a lie you
know maybe he was wrong about some stuff
that would be normal
Bai I didn't hear any nothing that I
would identif ify as a lie
so how about Nicole shanan so running
with RFK Jr did she ever tell a lie I
don't think so I don't even think she's
been accused of it so it turns out that
we've by the way if you think about this
is one of the most optimistic things you
could ever hear I just told you the
names of several candidates for
president you know most of them not
running at the moment who as far as I
could tell weren't lying
about
anything just think about that now Trump
is Trump and he's he's going to use his
Hyperbole and the fact Checkers are
going to be all over it so he's a a
singular salesman bullshitter kind of
personality but the fact is we had
several major serious highly qualified
candidates for president in the past
year who absolutely didn't tell
lies as far as I can tell I mean maybe
somebody else has a different take on
that but I didn't see any and you know I
could identify lies on both sides most
of the time I didn't see any so that's
amazing that's just amazing
anyway here's uh Michael gelen Berger's
take on this Brazil situation he says
today's 1984 type totalitarianism is
more dangerous than the tanks and
torture type of totalitarism there's no
need to rig an election or overthrow a
government uh if the ruling party of the
media and stays sponsored NOS so these
are those you know NOS again uh control
the information environment there we go
now we're in my
domain that's true you do not need to
force people to do things you can
brainwash them into wanting to
do no force needed so we now have a a
situation in which our government
working with the media has enough tag
that they can brainwash the public to
believe
anything now governments could always
brainwash the public to believe anything
but they're better at it now they're way
better at it now so when you look at the
uh the brainwashing skills we now into
really dangerous
territory um so Michael shellenberger
goes on Brazil Supreme Court just banned
X and announced 8 $900 day penalty for
those who use a v VPN to evade it so if
you use a
VPN and they catch you they're going to
find you this enormous
amount um it's not an
outlier this is now the normal way that
the world is working so so shellenberger
is all over it and uh the end wokness
account points out that uh kamla
probably supports what Brazil just did
and how do we know
that because there are videos of her
talking about how uh you can't have all
that Free Speech she doesn't say it that
way but she says oh yeah you got to have
laws you know controlling the speech on
the platforms so she's in favor of
that so rasmuson reports my favorite
source for all allegations of election
Shenanigans points out that
a uh cyber expert had recently found
that the compilers installed on some of
the
Maricopa uh election related
machines could modify and create ex
executable files and drivers potentially
altering election results
undetected let me say that again so a
cyber expert looked at some of the
machines I don't know if these are
tabulators or voting machines might be a
I don't know what is an
EMS but it's something in the process
it's either the machine or the tabulator
I guess but uh but it has some code on
it that somebody from the outside could
modify to change the election without
being detected now this was found a few
years ago here's the update still
there now is this story
true could it possibly be true that a
cyber expert found some code on you know
a key piece of Machinery in Maricopa
that very clearly would allow a bad
person to get in and change the results
without getting caught and that it's
still it's still
there that doesn't even sound like it
could be
true so I'm going I'm going to say maybe
there's more to the story than we know
but the the number of you know smoking
looking guns is just off the chart right
now but they all just sort of look like
you're almost there to prove a kraken
but not
quite so I will uh triple down on my
prediction for the election I believe
that uh it's going to be a coin flip
election 5050 by the time we get yes by
the time we get to the election and that
the coin flip will land on the
edge we will not have a president after
the election we'll eventually get
something done I mean the be some leader
eventually but I don't think we're can
have one within a week of the election
probably not two weeks I think for at
least a month we will be
leaderless and it's because we'll be
fighting about the election there will
be all kinds of
claims all kinds of claims the most
likely outcome based on everything I
know is if you start with the assumption
that much of the country believes that
Trump would be an existential threat and
that everything's on the table to stop
him that guarantees
cheating would you agree it guarantees
it you don't have to wonder it
guarantees it now the part we don't know
is if it would be of any scale that
would
matter that part we don't know but we
you can guarantee that in a big old
country with lots of people who think
Hitler might come to power somebody's
going to fill out two ballots when they
only should have done one right might be
trivial but you can guarantee it's going
to happen now if you can guarantee that
there will be
irregularities you know be they small or
be they large then you can also
guarantee that the Republicans will be
dead set on not accepting an election
when there are so many
claims so the only thing we'll know for
the first month or so is that there'll
be all kinds of claims of
illegality and probably either way it
goes you know if it goes the other if it
goes for or against Trump there'll be
claims on the other side or or his side
and there is no time to adjudicate all
those claims so what are you going to do
are you just going to certify it when
there are like hundreds of legitimate
sounding claims with actual
whistleblowers and Witnesses and
documents well maybe but that's not a
stable
situation so I think the most likely
outcome is there they going to find at
least small incidents of election
irregularities and it will be enough
to put everything off the rails
eventually we'll be
okay I'll say again the only real thing
I worry about in this country besides
the growing um Dei stuff is the
debt the rest of the stuff I'm pretty
sure we can work through but the debt
I don't know how that gets worked out so
anyway that's all I've got to say for
today um in a few minutes I'm going to
create a video of uh opening up the
first look at the dilber calendar it's
not available you can't buy it yet I'll
tell you when you can and where to get
it it'll only be on one
website um but when it's available which
will be in the next few days I'll tell
you more about it and uh kind of
exciting because the Dilbert calendar
had to be uh had to take a year off you
may have heard why uh but it's back and
This Time It's Made in
America that's why it took so long it
would have been easier if I just sort of
did it the old way but it took a lot of
uh let's say took some sumers
salts to figure out a way to Make It in
America and get it within the price that
is reasonable I think we succeeded I'll
tell you all about that later all right
that's all I got for today I'm going to
talk to the locals people privately
thanks for joining on action Rumble and
YouTube I will see you tomorrow same
time same place you're
awesome all right locals coming at
you
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e