well I know what you're
thinking you're thinking how's the stock
market doing
today well the
uh the Fortune 500 in Nexus is slightly
up slightly
up let me get some comments going here
and then we'll have the show of shows
the best show that you've ever
seen I promise
you I promise you the best show you've
ever
[Music]
seen good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
you're part of it but if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels that
nobody can understand with their tiny
shiny human brains
all you need is a CER a muger a glass a
tanker shells or sign a Canen suar flask
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go just a clarification when I say a
canteen jug no I I tker chalice or Stein
I do not mean Jill
Stein Jill Stein would be the wrong
vessel for this particular
experience well what do you want to talk
about anything happening in the news uh
has anybody noticed anything that's uh
worthy of some conversation in the
morning on a
Monday yeah
well if you're the last person to find
out there's been a second some say fifth
uh attempt on President Trump's life at
a golf course his golf course I think in
Florida and the perpetrator this ralth
guy r u i guess
ralth
um he uh is being described by the the
terrible people as having an unclear
political
ideology the shooter or the potential
shooter an unclear
ideology well you know I'm no law
enforcement
expert and uh I'm no journalist for Time
Magazine which is owned by a very
well-known donor to the Democrat
Party um but it does seem to me that if
you try to shoot somebody you might have
a political opinion that would be
against that person so I'm going to say
that the political ideology looked a
little more clear than perhaps Time
Magazine things now there is some uh
some reporting that he donated to
Democrats he hated Trump talked about it
on social media and other places and uh
but he also at one point thought that V
would be a good uh you know a better
candidate than Trump
and Tulsi I think he liked Tulsi and
VI but what did he think about
Trump well turn on MSNBC any day between
now and the election and you'll find out
his exact opinion of trump why he uses
the same words in the same way yes it's
brainwashing if there's any doubt
whatsoever that he was brainwashed just
look at how we talked about Trump he's
going to steal your
democracy let's see he said on on April
22nd he declared democracy as is on the
ballot he called it a catastrophe on
January 6 perpetrated by Trump and his
undemocratic posy do you do you see the
pattern yet democracy
undemocratic he claimed uh the Trump
wants to quote make Americans slaves
against their master or something he
said democracy us on the ballot we
cannot lose we cannot afford to fail the
world is coming us on the
way so his Social Media stuff got
suspended or blocked immediately I
assume law enforcement asked the
platforms to do that because even X
suspended it immediately I don't think
musk has responded to why but I think we
know why obviously the government asked
them to turn it off and preserve it I
guess
so it seems fairly obvious that this guy
was weaponized by the brainwashing of
MSNBC and maybe some of the other
sources as well but it looks kind of
classic you know
MSNBC yeah I would love to know where he
got most of his news from we don't know
so I don't know for sure it came from
MSNBC but it does seem identical to
their
phraseology so maybe it's CNN who
knows
um now what is the biggest question that
we have from this the number one
question and by the way I feel sorry for
everybody who's going to be doing this
kind of commenting in the afternoon
because by noon everything that needs to
be said will be said a 100 times so let
me just run through the list of things
that need to be said how'd he get that
close do I have anything to add to that
no not really but everybody between now
and uh next week is going to say how
they let him get this close was it
another failure or was it a success
because their process was that the
Secret Service would check out the golf
hole that he was go to next to make sure
it was cleared so they checked out the
ho he went to next and it wasn't cleared
so they cleared it is that a huge
success where everything worked just the
way it should have
or uh was that an example of them being
underst staffed because I understand
that if Trump had been the president
instead of a candidate they would have
had so much Secret Service that they
would have basically surrounded the
entire Golf Course instead of just
traveling with them and one hole ahead
maybe one behind I don't know
so I guess we will endlessly talk about
whether that was sufficient or
insufficient um I think we'd all agree
that whatever they were doing is
insufficient given the current risk
level it was an american guy 58y old guy
who's got this weird history of lived in
Florida he's had lots of arrests and
tons of uh tons of connections with the
law bad ones he he was known to have all
kinds of weapons so he was a guy who had
lots of weapons
and he uh apparently went over to
Ukraine and was working on some kind of
a project to see if he could get Afghan
fighters to join the fight against
Russia in
Ukraine I think he was unsuccessful in
that but he went over there to he
volunteered a fight and they said he's
too old and then he volunteered to get
other people to fight and I don't think
that went anywhere
um
but that uh raises many questions
because when you talk about Ukraine you
say to yourself hey that Ukrainian
situation seems to be managed by our
intelligence people
C and so if anybody has any connection
whatsoever with Ukraine the question
that all of us ask is H connection with
Ukraine CIA is very connected with
Ukraine is it possible that he was
connected with any intelligence people
there's no evidence of that and I don't
think that that connection is like
screaming that there's a connection
but it is a weird
coincidence that you would have that
connection and let's see
uh oh he he also said quote the Trump is
going to steal your democracy so the NBC
Lester Holt he's getting some heat
because he when he talked about this
story last night he mentioned it in the
context of trump and Vance's Fierce
rhetoric especially about the
Haitians and uh wondered if the Trump
campaign would tone down their violent
rhetoric in other words trying to blame
Trump
for the assassination attempt against
them if he would just stop talking in
such a way that would fix
everything well here's some other uh
suspicions with no proof whatsoever but
uh Mike BS points out that uh quote they
missed asking John Brennan because
Brennan appeared on msnpc right away he
said they missed asking him about his
giving visas to the 9911 hijackers while
he was running the CIA Station House in
Saudi Arabia now I didn't know anything
about that but it certainly raises a
question and he says coincidentally this
shooter guy this ralth guy was doing the
same visas for terrorist scheme that
would be his Ukrainian thing trying to
get the Afghan fighters to be able to
come to Ukraine to fight I guess that
would take visas uh for those same
fighters to join CIA backed
[Music]
paramilitaries and then also a uh seems
related um you might not think this is
related but I'm I'm going to tie them
together also from Mike Benz he he
reminds us that in 2020 there was this
big effort involving Homeland Security
and NATO and the DNC and other entities
to do this Mass censorship campaign
across all media Platforms in
2020 and they tried to preemptively
censor any disputes over things like
mail inbalance and and uh you that was
the four key players were the Stanford
Institute University of Washington
Graphica and the Atlantic Council now
how does that have anything to do with
an assassination attempt well what it
does is it paints a picture of people
outside well both inside and outside the
government of a level of
seriousness that is equivalent to
planning and assassination
it if there was indeed this enormous
effort to squelch of free speech in the
United States the only thing you could
associate that with is some totalitarian
we'll do anything for power
situation and so although there's no
evidence I've seen that this Shooter had
any kind of connections or was inspired
by anybody or motivated by anybody you
know in intelligence or anything like
that we don't have any evidence of that
but the
seriousness with which the fake media
has talked about Trump and then the
actions that these government and
non-government entities have taken to
make sure that he can't win
again suggest that nothing is off
limits so the the only way to look at
this is apparently they've just removed
all limits and if you say well all
limits does that include maybe
assassinating a potential C candidate I
would say there's no proof of
that but all indications are they don't
have a limit on what they're willing to
do now keep in mind that their rhetoric
is basically it's the end of the world
or the end of the country if Trump's
elected he's Hitler he's going to be a
dictator take your democracy away and
your bodily autonomy is going to be gone
all of those things are a call for
assassination because if you were to
compare the you know how bad is
assassination well it's very very very
bad don't do it but if you were to tell
me Well the alternative is Hitler takes
over and you have no bodily autonomy
then I'd say oh oh well let's get back
to that other thing that other thing
sounding a lot better now so it does
seem to me that the government is
quite at least knowing that they're
creating a situation of extreme
danger uh whether that's you know
intentional might have something to do
with how you define the
word because sometimes things are
intentional without you doing anything
specific you're just sort of creating
the situation you know what I
mean anyway so we get to watch the gears
of the machine so here's my advice when
something like this happens you should
watch the players who emerge and where
they emerge and who they're connected to
because you'll see networks of connected
people emerge for example I've told you
that Democrats have a process by which
uh if there's just an ordinary
disagreement of
policy any normal Democrat will go on
any of these stations and talk about
their normal disagreement in
policy but when they've got something
extreme like the Russia uh cusia hoax
it's not the normies there there's like
a small collection of designated Liars I
call them so if you see any of the
designated Liars that's your tip that
there's something much deeper happening
and it's not even the normal Democrats
won't even raise their heads so and I've
named them before if you see uh John
Brennan or Clapper or swell or shiff or
Rasin probably a few more but that they
tend to Cluster when there's a story
that really requires a deep lie like oh
that that Hunter laptop had nothing to
do with
Hunter then they bring the designated
Liars because the regular normal
Democrats probably thought well it might
be maybe it is that's probably a normal
thing to think maybe they thought it
wasn't but they didn't rule it out and
they didn't think it was necessarily
Russia so when you have when you have a
need for a deep Li like a really really
serious lie that you're covering
something up you called John
Brennan and sure enough I haven't seen
him on TV
forever when was the last time he was on
MSNBC I don't remember um but there he
is he's like the first or one of the
first people he would be the person that
You' call in to make sure that there's
sort of a cover story or you know
there's a diversion going on now I'm not
blame I'm not I don't have any specific
accusation I'm not saying I'm not saying
that Brennan is involved in anything or
did anything I'm just saying that I
could have told you in
advance that if there was a plot and
something needed to be covered up he
would be the first person you'd
see now he was the first person you saw
is that a coincidence it could
be
but if the next people you see are like
rasket and Clapper and swell and shiff
that is just so obvious that they know
they're covering something now the thing
they might be covering up is not
necessarily some kind of deep State plot
I'm not saying that I'm saying that what
they're covering up is that the the news
the fake news has been trying to kill
Trump for a year they've been building a
a narrative they should if they did it
right trigger a exactly guys like this
and exactly the guy who tried it in
Butler
Crooks so I think what they need to do
is cover the the way they covered the
laptop the way they covered Russia
collusion the same set of designated
Liars will probably be activated and
they're going to say well it's because
of the way Trump talks that's getting
him
shot so I'm guessing that that's where
it's going to go now you should also
look for NBC and MSNBC to sort of figure
out which characters come out first so I
saw Ken delanian on MSNBC haven't seen
him I mean he's on regularly but he
would be one of the ones that say a
Glenn Greenwalt would say oh that's the
you know that's an intelligence asset he
just happens to have a job on Ms NPC or
NBC now I don't know that but that's the
accusation so if if you see Brennan and
delanian as two of the first people you
see after a story like this that is
every red flag in the world that there's
something up that there's something
they're trying to hide now like I said
it doesn't mean they're hiding any
involvement in it I have seen no
evidence of
that there is the question of how he
possibly could have known that Trump was
there because apparently Trump did not
it on a schedule and it was an impromptu
I don't know how far in advance it got
um determined but you could also think
you could you could imagine a number of
ways that he could have found out
without any Secret Service people
telling him because if the president
shows up at a golf club a lot of people
know about it as soon as he gets there
if the guy didn't live too far away you
know golf can last a few
hours you know if he lived an hour away
and some somebody he knows told him the
president was there that's all it would
take so so I don't think the you know
how could he possibly know Trump was
golfing it wasn't the best secret in the
world now the other the other question I
have is do you remember when Trump was
President every now and then some um
some reporter some photographer would
get a uh one of these distant shots of
engulfing and it would be just with a
camera you know with a zoom lens and I
don't know how far away the zoom lens
was but I always thought to myself all
right I'm no expert in protecting
presence but if I knew that reporters
could routinely get zoom lens
photography of him golfing I'd be a
little worried that somebody with a
scope could do something similar
so I just always had a a question
whether you could ever prot the golf
course and so they put Trump in a in a
glass cube when he gives
speeches are they going to put him in
some kind of like a pope mobile instead
of his golf cart now like what do you
do I I don't think you can really
protect the golf
course how could you protect it against
let's say the inevitable drone attack
that's almost certainly being planned
somewhere yeah I don't know I I hate to
see him lose his favorite hobby but you
could easily imagine the Secret Service
saying you know what if you really want
to be safe there's one thing you got to
stop doing which is being
outdoors so much where people know you
are so I don't think he would ever give
up golf but uh I'll bet you there's at
least somebody suggesting he does it
which is not
cool um
here's a an
example of how brainwashing
works so uh there was a just a user on
um on X and I'm not even going to give
you his name he's not not a public
figure but I want to use him as an
example but I don't need to I don't need
to make it personal because he's more of
an example of people not it's not about
him specifically and he
said uh and a post today he said I don't
condone violence from any side that
being said Trump has been using
dehumanizing language for as long as he
has been in politics and before the cats
and dogs story is just the latest
example you have to not acknowledge that
as
well here's my frame on that has Trump
been using dehumanizing
language yes or no has he been using
dehumanizing
language well that's that would be
subjective he has certainly used
language that targets certain groups
like illegal migrants and Venezuelan
gangs and now Haitians who might be
eating your pets according to him uh I
I'll say you know my
opinion I don't think there's a lot of
Pat eating going
on maybe it happened in some isolated
ways um
here's my take I'm going to give you a
uh a thought
experiment imagine if on January 6 when
Trump gave his speech and he said I want
you to you know go down we we've got to
go down there and fight like hell or
whatever he said he said fight like
hell now imagine if the news the fake
news had never taken that quote and a
context and had never told you that it
was a call to violence suppose nobody
had ever mentioned it in the news do you
think that there's even one person even
one in the whole world who would have
found that quote in his speech on their
own and thought that that meant violence
anybody any any citizen just reading it
on their own the answer is no there's
not a single human being who would have
read that without any outside influence
if they just read the transcript they
would have said oh that's the normal
thing that politicians say all the time
got to fight like hell to get this bill
passed we're going to fight like hell to
get our bodily autonomy back we're going
to fight like hell to get abortion you
know approved in our
estate it never means
violence
but if you decide that it does mean
violence then that will trigger a
confirmation confirmation bias so your
confirmation bias kicks in if you've
been convinced that there's one notable
place where he did ask for violence
didn't happen but if you think it did
then you start noticing it everywhere
hey now they did the same thing with
racism if you can sell one racist story
like the fine people hoax then all the
rest of them that are just sort of
confirmation bias they all they all
start clumping around it that's why the
fine people hoax is what I call the tent
pole hoax
because if you remove that one you can
see the people can then see the whole
field and they go wait a minute maybe
all these others are too and
then they can see that they
are so the power of brainwashing is that
a perfectly smart ordinary person and
again I won't use his name because it
doesn't matter who it is he's just a
standin for people uh could honestly
believe that Trump is using rhetoric to
bring it upon himself or Worse bring it
upon other people this is pure
brainwashing th this is the cleanest
example you'll ever
see because I think you would agree with
my my mental um experiment that if
somebody hadn't told you that that meant
violence you never would have
interpreted it that way you would have
interpreted the normal way you interpret
normal
language but that didn't happen the bad
guys framed it for for
you um Reverend L
Sharpton um also on MSNBC he talking
about how it's racist for advance to say
that uh the Haitians are eating pets and
I guess that would include uh Trump is
racist to say that Haitians eat
pets um I posted in response I don't
know if I'm double canel yet that there
are no ethical boundaries for self
defense this is
important so racism is bad and you
should not do it in if if in your
personal
relationships uh you should not do it in
any business or contracts or renting
apartments or anything you there
shouldn't be any laws about it no
business constraints so racism is bad
pretty much every normal part of society
there's just one exception when it comes
to your personal defense and I would
including that your family and your pets
your pets are part of the family if
you're defending your family or your
pets they're no ethical boundaries they
are legal ones they're legal ones if you
cross some line you could go to jail but
there's no ethical constraint on
self-defense if you see an elbonian
walking your way and you've heard
stories about elbonian hurting people
you have every ethical right to go hide
or grab your gun or get ready for
something would it be racist yes yes
totally 100% racist would it be
unethical no not even a little bit not
even a little bit no you can use any
tool for
self-defense now like again it might be
illegal and then you would have to
answer the law but you wouldn't be
breaking an ethical boundary you could
be very wrong about whether you're at
risk I'm not saying you're right you
could be totally wrong but you have
every
ethical I'll call it a right but you
have every ethical right to do anything
there are no limits to
self-defense you now it's very important
you get it right otherwise you go to
jail or people get killed who don't need
to be killed there's some extra bad
things for everybody so I'm not saying
it's not full of you know bad terrible
things that could happen it's full of
them it's just not
unethical so let me say this to Reverend
El Sharpton I agree with you and I don't
give a what you think about it
because your opinion is not relevant to
my
self-defense if somebody breaks into my
house I'm not going to be calling the
Reverend Al Sharpton to see what he
thinks about the situation it's not
relevant to self-defense and I would
call the haian thing which by the way
I'll say it again I don't think there's
a big problem with pet
eating it it may have happened in some
isolated incident but I don't think it's
you know it's not it's not a national
problem it is however a
reasonable political proxy topic for
talking about the risk of immigration
more
generally so is it
hyperbole a little bit might be based on
some real anecdotes that I don't think
are going to be spreading across the
nation but yeah it's totally fair now is
eating your pet worse than killing a
human well depends how much you loved
your pet in my case I'd say
yes but but the fact is if they if it's
just being used as a proxy for if you
bring in unlimited people from another
place
and you you're not checking them that
carefully and they've got a different
culture that might take a while to
integrate so you don't want to have a
flow That's too great that you can't
integrate as fast as the people are
coming
in you got problems so do I mind if
somebody exaggerates a real problem not
really that's sort of just polit
politics um so a little a little bit of
hyperbole in the service of risk
management M I don't have any problem
with that at
all
um so let's see what else is going
on what else do we need to say about
that so the so the main things are we
wonder how we
knew but I don't think that means it had
to be an inside job it's just a question
we are going to argue about whether the
Secret Service was
great because they stopped it or
uh under staffed which would
be reasonable criticism I think I think
it could go either way if they haven't
already beefed up Trump's security that
would be a
mistake I would certainly hope they've
beefed it up but I think the big battle
is going to come down to is are the
Democrats intentionally trying to kill
him and I say
yes now when when I say intentionally
trying to kill them I mean that they are
completely aware that the words that
they're choosing not just once in a
while and not by mistake but very
intentionally should weaponize
everything from the uh Department of
Justice which it has
weaponized to the uh the commercial
markets so the advertisers will stop
advertising on certain platforms such as
X yes and they should know that it would
cause people to vote less less like lik
to vote for them yes and they should
know obviously that it would activate
some crazy people to try
something now let's let's try to be
let's try to be fair
here Republicans say all the time that
uh Harris is going to be a communist
Marxist does that activate people to
want to kill
her I haven't really felt it or seen it
have you
uh I could see why you know calling
somebody communist or Marxist could
hypothetically make somebody say that's
too far it'll destroy the country I've
got to act but it really really feels
different than
Hitler it it just what calling people
communist and Marxist is a little bit
routine within within the political
sphere if nobody had ever done it before
it was the first time anybody call
somebody a communist or a
Marxist I would actually be raising an
alarm and I'd say hold on hold on your
both sides are a little bit you got
something to answer to you know you're
you're making an accusation that could
activate a crazy person but I think in
this country it's been so many decades
of calling people Communists and
marxists and knowing that it's at least
a little bit hyperbolic I don't think it
activates anybody would you agree or
disagree it's hard to know what any one
crazy individual will be activated by
but it doesn't feel the same to
me I am however biased so I could be
wrong on that but it doesn't seem
similar to
me
um I do think that there is one suspect
we haven't talked about whether he had
any help I'm sure that conversation will
come up did he have any help besides
knowing where it was um but there is one
suspect who's I'm kind of
obvious does anybody know where Taylor
Swift was
yesterday because Trump did post the
other day that I hate Taylor
Swift and I don't know motive
opportunity I'm just saying I'm just you
can't rule it out I'm just saying you
can't rule it out no I'm just joking
just joking leave Taylor Swift
alone but I have been asked this
question Will trump was it smart for
Trump to say so directly I hate Taylor
Swift which is hilariously blunt uh for
a political situation which is what
makes it so good because it's just so
blunt um here's what I think I think
Trump was going to win
close to zero voters who are Taylor
Swift
fans but for every Taylor Swift Super
Fan I feel like there might be five
people who think she's a little too
much and and Men especially and young
men probably not so you know not so
eager to say yeah Taylor Swift may be a
little bit more against her so my first
was oh don't make somebody angry if you
don't need to and then my second was oh
he's just trying to encourage his base
basically because it's a it's a base
election the more people that you can
get to vote you win it's not about
getting anybody to change their minds so
if he's taken the point of view that
nobody's going to change the mind and I
think that's accurate and the only thing
that matters is can you get more people
to be excited and pay attention and want
to join up and and be part of the
election maybe it helped you maybe he
got some maybe he got some young guys to
laugh about it if if he got some uh
18yar olds to just laugh out loud when
they saw it really did he say this oh
that's funny I don't like her
either who knows who knows it probably
didn't move the dial that much or or at
all but I don't think it hurt believe it
or not probably didn't hurt him a
bit well there's a uh top lawyer for
Google who it turns out is also a close
friend of KL Harris and even uh worked
to help her prepare for her uh debate
and this top lawyer for
Google um Karen
Dunn this is a real thing the New York
Post is reporting this so last Tuesday
she she delivered an opening defense in
uh this court case in which the Biden
Harris Administration is going after
Google about their digital ad business
now Google's digital ad business is
basically the whole business you know if
that that's basically their primary
revenue so if the Biden Harris
Administration is threatening their
primary revenue in the sense of being
too monopolistic I think um that's a big
deal and the person defending against
the
government is also helping the
government the very same person Harris
prepare for a
debate so does that bother
you remember I keep telling you if the
only thing you know is what is happening
you don't know
anything you have to know who the
players are the players are the whole
game it's not what anybody does it's
who's doing it that tells you everything
that tells you who's connected who whose
network is what one one of the best
things you can do is you if you find
some somebody who's connected to a
network watch who else they're connected
to and you'll learn
everything is there anything else we
need to say about the do you mind if I
just don't say any more about the
assassination
attempt everybody's going to just say
the same things it's just going to be
the same thing over and over again I the
only fun part about it if you can call
any of it fun I guess is uh
trying to decide whether the MSNBC
people are are just trying to hide their
complicity and whether you think they
are complicit I'm going to say yes and
by the way this would be the second time
that somebody took a essentially a uh
rifle to try to kill a
republican no how many times so when I
said that if Biden won Republicans would
be
hunted Trump has been literally haunted
twice and uh I think if you look at the
number of people who cancelled and have
other legal problems and have been
jailed the hunting is pretty serious and
for me that's the biggest honestly it's
the biggest
issue all right let's talk about some
other things the population in Greece is
collapsing so the population will
decrease in Greece by 25% by 27
they're having uh in
2022 there were 77,000 births in the
whole country but 14,000 people died
twice as many people died as were born
in
Greece and in the US don't think we're
doing much better one in four Young
Americans are not planning to have
children due to finances and by the way
they might be right about that because
one and four sounds like exactly the
number who could not afford to have
kids so that's
bad Peter Zan is saying that German
nationality is basically dying
out um because they're not having babies
and they're bringing in lots of other
people and so um he said this decade
Germany also loses their
Workforce so there's a uh the age of the
workforce is aging out and they're
bringing in lot lot of new people
basically Germany looks like it won't
look like anything like Germany so
they're they're they're turning into
some other character of a
country um France will not be
complaining about that I
guess there is a study that that in
China they played classical music to
depress people and found out that their
brain their brains changed a little bit
and they became less depressed
I've been telling you that for 20 years
I've been saying that music is a drug
that's administered through your ears
and it is the reason that I only use
music
medicinally now what I mean is um if I
want to work out there's some there's
some music that helps me work out better
that would be a medicinal use of
Music um sometimes when I want to go to
sleep but my brain's too active there's
some kinds of music that I know will
just sort of put me in a better head uh
but not all I'm not going to I'm not
going to randomly listen to some DJ's
choice of Music that'd be a huge mistake
because that'd be like giving yourself
random
medicine so I make sure that I choose
you know uh Steely Dan makes me go to
sleep now the reason Steely Dan makes me
go to sleep is that I've heard it so
many times but I still listen I still
like it that don't I don't dislike it
but I also don't listen to it anymore so
it's sort of the perfect noise to have
on for me you know your your mileage
will vary fle wood Mac's another
one I've listened to it so much flew Mac
that I don't really hear it and I don't
dislike it so it's just perfect um so
use your music medically and I guess if
you use the right kind of classical
music they say it can change your brain
and make you l less depressed I think
that's probably true so
experiment use it
medically um how many of you know a
young person who can only listen to
music all the
time do you know anybody like that if
you're giving them a ride somewhere they
put it in the earbuds and listen to
music if they're no matter what they're
doing just 100% the time they're
listening to music and they're not
selecting it too much you know within
the genre they're letting it sort of
circulate I feel like that's just a real
real sign that somebody might be an
addict or that there's a problem that
they're trying to solve with this
medicine because they're pumping
medicine into their head but they may be
doing it too randomly and maybe some of
the medicines making
worse so I would be worried about any
young person who listens to music just
nonstop to me that looks like they're
trying to medicate themselves
you won't believe this
but I
know this one's going to be hard to
believe but there's been a a study that
says that vaping of tobacco is linked to
cognitive decline in college students
according to Science
Blog that's right so the people who Vape
the
most um have less cognitive ability than
people who didn't Vape at all or vape
less
so that proves that vaping makes you
dumber
right is that what that proves so they
found that there's a pretty strong
correlation that the more you vape the
Dumber you are so therefore vaping makes
you dumb right that's what it's
suggesting vaping makes you
dumb does that track with the fact that
we're all very aware that nicotine makes
you smarter
huh this this seems to suggest that
nicotine or what whatever else is in The
Vape is making you dumber but yet the
science of nicotine would show that it
would make you concentrate better maybe
actually
smarter well here's a take from Dr
insensitive
jerk um who put in the comment to this
in other news long-term pain is
associated with aspirin
use that's a good point
apparently aspirin is causing people
long-term pain because wherever you find
people have long-term pain sure enough
they're taking Advil and aspirin and
Tylenol so therefore those things must
cause long-term pain no that's wrong
they're simply
Associated and as Dr insensitive jerk
says nicotine is known to approve IQ of
course people use it when they're
struggling
if if you're having trouble figuring out
life and concentrating in school and
doing your homework and you've notice
that the vaping makes you concentrate
better because it has nicotine in it
probably the people who don't need any
help don't vape and maybe the people who
know they need some extra help are
thinking I better get some extra help
and the more the better
so I'm not going to conclude that vaping
doesn't make you dumb because it's got
some got a lot of chemicals in there but
the far more likely explanation is
backward science backward science it's
backward
science all right here's another one
this is science just killing it today
according to the S poost older couples
who experience more agreement in their
sexual expression in other words they
like having
sex um report better marital quality
over time huh well
well who saw that coming did you know
that older married couples who are
having the most sex are also the
happiest with their marriage I mean who
could have known
that wait a minute I know how they could
have save some money and not have to do
this
study they could have asked
Scott next time just ask me guys and and
if you're ever attempted to do another
study about let's say uh does having
more sex make asian-americans happier M
let's say married asian-americans well
it's never been studied but you don't
need to the answer is yes does having
more sex make people who are Democrats
more happy don't do the study don't do
it yes how about Republicans then don't
do it don't do the study
yes just ask me
okay all right um so the Navy according
to Fox News the Navy has launched their
first submarine that's built for both
genders submarine built for both
genders H makes you wonder what that
includes well it includes a restroom
facilities with a little more privacy
cuz I guess there's not much privacy in
an old style submarine where there was
all
guys but I also wonder if they've gone
far enough because the submarine has a
certain shape to it if you know what I
mean I feel like the shape of the
submarine needs to be changed because
it's a little
bit
sexist it's just shaped like a giant
phus and I feel like they need some
submarines that are
more let's say the design is more
inspired by a vaginal situation for
example make it more women likee because
when the Russians see our vag submarine
coming at them well they're going to
just turn and run I know I would yeah so
let's go the final mile and make it not
look so
felic well here's something that's a dog
not
barking um do you know know that it's
the end of the summer basically and I
have not once complained about running
out of electricity here in
California have you noticed
that so in California one of the things
you worry about and you know I actually
did a bunch of research and priced
backup generators and stuff because I I
thought we were going to lose the power
any minute I mean in August I thought
we're there's no way we're going to get
through August I'm going to be sitting
here in the dark any minute now but we
didn't and it turns out there are well
two reasons are being credited one is
apparently we have less of a drought so
our hydroelectric was operating better
so the first thing is electricity is
very sensitive to rain and so we had
more rain so that helped but it wasn't
the whole story the other story is
apparently um California and Texas too I
think uh did
fairly serious work in getting battery
storage back
up and between the two of them we got
through the summer and and Texas I think
did better too so this is closer to my
Adams law of
um slow moving disasters that's what it
is I forgot my own law so we had a
slow-moving disaster that uh California
was just running out of
electricity and although these are not
the total Solutions cuz I'm sure we
still need a lot more because we're
going to do Ai and all that stuff but
um human beings human beings figured out
how to how to get through another year
so good on that the other thing that
didn't happen I think is that California
did not burn down it was only a few
years ago that felt like the whole state
was on fire now that might also have
something to do with more rain
um if I don't know I don't know how fire
forest fires work uh did the more rain
create more underbrush so it's
worse or did the more rain keep anything
moiser so it's not as bad so I don't
know how the rain Works in terms of the
forest fires but if we didn't have them
I'm guessing maybe California did
something better to manage or avoid or
put them out faster I know they had um I
think they have drones now
where if you've got a fire that's hard
to get to in the forest they just send
down a little fleeted drones to drop
some chemicals on it maybe it's stuff
like that it's my guess is it's probably
20 things that all got a little bit
better but it's good news I thought
thought you'd like to hear some good
news California is not burning up and
Texas seems to have adjusted well
too um according to clean
Technica the us solar industry uh has uh
nearly four
times it's it's just hugely increased
since uh and they're giving credit to
the inflation reduction act which really
was really more of a green green
act so I think it's uh it's quadrupled
from a small base but things are
happening in solar as
well and in other
news RFK Jr is being investigated
for decapitating a whale 20 years
ago uh investigated by the national
marine fisheries Institute and of course
ORF K JR says this is all about the
weaponization of government against
political opponents and I would say it
probably
is
um we knew this at the debate
okay all right ladies and and
gentlemen how many of you would take the
position that the uh the rhetoric of the
Democrats is largely responsible for
Trump two assassination attempts how
many of you would say that
that's fairly
obvious can you go that far to say that
it's fairly obvious that they brought
this on
him I think it's obvious
yeah I I would say this one removes all
doubt so the the first thing you see is
that there's some weird compatibility
with the two attempted
Killers number one they were both white
guys
now it's true that white guys tend to be
more active in mass shootings and gun
related stuff if it's like a pre-planned
you know crime like this so
it's not a total
surprise but let me ask let's get back
to the conspiracy theory thought if you
were the if you were let's say the CIA
this just hypothetical I have no
evidence that anybody's behind anything
right we're just going to
hypothetical hypothetically if you were
trying to pick somebody to be an
assassin in this country who would you
pick as a type of person to take out
Trump
well if you didn't want it to turn into
some other racial thing you just wanted
to get rid of him and then go on
managing the country you'd pick a white
guy right because it it uh serves the
interest of white guys are dangerous it
serves the interest of guns are
dangerous and it serves the interest of
not making it look like uh some somebody
of another race is
dangerous so it wasn't a
right wasn't an
Iranian it was coincidentally somebody
who oh in both cases there was some
ambiguity about their
ideology how in the world do you find
two people on the whole planet who have
some ambiguity about
Trump how could you even find two of
them how why is it that in both cases
they have some kind of international
connection that suggests it would be
easy for them to have some kind of
intelligence connection from another
country or from within her own that's
kind of a big coincidence so Kooks had
these encrypted apps he was using to
contact somebody we don't know overseas
this guy coincidentally got deeply
involved with the Ukrainian situation
which of course is a whole CIA operation
so what are the
odds that there would be two people who
at least had glancing potential
contacts with the CIA or other
intelligence
people that's a big
coincidence
so and in both cases there was a clear
um hole in so in Secret Service
protection now on one hand he may have
been spotted and they did good work for
getting him spotted early
on the other hand he had a shot from
where he
was he already had a
shot it was just a long shot like 300 to
500 feet but he had a scope so he had a
shot so what are the odds that two
randos could both get a clear sign of
shot well maybe not that that might not
be that unusual like I said if
photographers were sometimes getting the
zoom lens shot of president Trump
golfing when he was president if you
could do
that it does feel like maybe their
protections not as Ironclad as we imagin
it to be I I always I always thought it
was impossible to guard a golf course I
I just don't see how you could do that
but especially from
drones um let's see so we've got that
weird
coincidence um then we've got both of
the attempts happening right before the
election
which suggests that it's very oriented
toward helping one
team all right now if it happened let's
say while he was
President it would have just given you a
vice president that maybe they didn't
like either but if it happens before the
election well then they just maybe win
the
election so it h it's happening in the
time when our domestic people would care
the
most that's sort of another coincidence
but on the other hand anybody who wanted
to take him out is pretty common to try
to take somebody out during a um during
the election contest so that's not that
unusual I guess so what other uh what
other weird coincidences do you see in
this oh and then than the people who are
trying to turn the narrative around but
that might just the The Narrative people
want to make sure that they don't get
blamed so that might that doesn't mean
they're necessarily part of a plot or
anything
um all right so are there any
other it was a possible shot during
World War II 300 to 500
yeah and if you imagine that Ukraine
uh very much wants to keep fighting it
looks like and that President a
president Trump would probably shut it
down pretty quickly so you've got that
going on so you've got the CIA with the
access to
him and the
motive they have the motive and the
opportunity it doesn't mean they did
it cuz remember we're also deeply into
confirmation bias
space
right the fact that the first
shooter um it looked like at the very
least it was incompetence but the
incompetence was so extreme that
reasonable people are saying I'm not
sure that was accidental
incompetence so once you once you think
the first one looks
suspicious the second one is going to
look automatically suspicious and it
does so don't don't
assume that everything that happened in
the first one is now relevant to the
second one but you you can't turn it off
your your brain can't turn that off
you're going to connect those two
there's nothing you can do about it it's
are like Haitians and cats you could try
to turn off that connection in your
brain but it's permanent now and you
know that's unfair to every Haitian
who's just a good citizen so uh I'm not
saying is fair or good it just is so
beware of your uh slide into conspiracy
theory but at the same time I think
every one of those conspiracy theory
options is completely
alive so I'm not saying it's a
conspiracy theory and I'm not saying
it's true I'm saying it could go either
way so easily that I wouldn't commit to
one while the other one's still alive
the the other theory is still
alive all right
um he had ceramic tiles in his
backpack in case in case he needed as a
shield I guess and then we ran he left
his backpack it was probably pretty
heavy Will trump have more assassination
attempts
well um I don't know what the supply of
czy white guys
is you know I always say this is about
taking out the leaders of terrorist
organizations you know on one hand you
think oh if you take out the leader of
the terrorist organization you know
they're going to collapse but no no
there's always a second in command and
then a third in command so they keep
going but whatever brains it took for
somebody to be the head of it and pull
off some thing like Bin Laden the second
and third in command aren't going to be
as good but by the time you get to the
like fifth or sixth replacement leader
it's very unlikely you've got somebody
who could pull something
off so we've got a similar situation
with these potential
assassins even in a big country there
might not be more
than three people you could ever
motivate to do such a thing so you might
be running out of potential people I
like to think we'd run out
all right um I'm sure this will be
talked over incredibly there's no new
news on it right in the last few minutes
um I think that there will be a
big a big gap my guess is you're not
going to hear as much as you want to
hear about it before the election the
only things you're going to hear are oh
we definitely prove that he had no
specific ideological
preference and he certainly doesn't
watch m
snbc all right here's something that I
think you could
know don't you think you could
check to see I don't know if you could
check the television but if he used his
phone let's say for news isn't the first
thing you could find out is who uh
activated
him I don't mean any kind of
intelligence person I'm talking about
the news if you found out that he
watched I'm guessing you could probably
find now if you found out that he had
apps for news and he was following
certain Outlets you would know who
brainwashed
them but I'll bet we'll never hear
that I'll bet that it's fine downable
but I'll bet will'll never hear
it and then all the Rascals like Jamie
Rasin and swell and Schiff will be out
in force and they'll be saying stuff
like he brought it upon himself
um we all saw the story about uh uh
vinman's
wife sort
of made a joke about it that wasn't well
taken uh I do have a joke but I've been
told I have to save it so I can't tell
you my clever joke but when it's not too
soon I'm going to I'm going to whip it
out white guys Ricky says white guys are
even better at being psychos well I
don't like to brag but my people have
the best
psychos no I don't even call them my
people I I've just decided to stop
looking at the averages of
things because it's just dumb I'm going
to treat everybody as an individual if
you don't mind because I like
individuals I do not like being held to
managing the average of some group I
don't care if your average is as good as
the other people's average no interest
at
all yeah if you try to if you try to
choose somebody there's no ambiguity but
so generally that would be true but
somehow they managed to introduce it
with the crooks saying that he was
looking at both Biden events and Trump
so they somehow managed to introduce
ambiguity even after he shot somebody
which
is quite a
trick and how did this guy get any money
he was living in Hawaii he was traveling
to Ukraine he had all kinds of guns I
mean I know he had a job at one point
but you have to ask yourself if he had a
little extra
money all
right who told
you all right that's all I got for today
it's going to be full of the same story
over and over again I wish you the best
of luck but before we go how about I
tell you how Trump can win the
election I have an idea
it goes like
this if you can get Republicans or let's
say Trump supporters they don't have to
be Republicans if every Trump
supporter tries to convert one non
voter to get them to request a mailin
ballot and then tell them to mail it in
and vote for
Trump
um the Republicans are unbeatable here's
the thinking
if I said to you hey why don't you be
like Scott Pressler and try to try to
get lots of people to sign up you'd say
that sounds really hard and I don't want
to quit my job and go do that but if I
said to you do you know one
person that likes Trump but isn't likely
to
vote almost everybody would say yes and
then if I said if you worked on that one
person do you think you could get him to
get at least a mail in ballot
because then it's easy you know you
could literally sit with them and say
you like Trump I like Trump could he do
me a favor can you just fill in that
ballot I'll even mail it for
you every single Republican can get one
person who has never voted before to
vote and vote for Trump if you know
which way they lean every person so
here's my
challenge uh I'm already working on one
person so I I found a a young person
who's never
voted who leans toward
Trump and so I'm going to work on that
one person I've already sent them the
link if you don't know the link just
Google you know where do you where do I
sign where do I register to vote in my
state and it'll pop right up and then
you can send the link to somebody just
text them now it might it might take you
a number of uh
contacts so the first time you might say
Hey you know you should you should sign
up here's the link they're not going to
click
it then you got to follow up again which
I will when I get my
one I'm going to brag about it and I'm
going to do a post and say I got one I
got one non- voter and by the way I'm
very specifically saying don't bother
trying to change a Democrat into a trump
voter don't don't bother that that's
hard just take somebody who's already
leaning in that direction and thinks the
country is falling apart and all they
have to do is click on a link put in put
in some personal
information hit a box done so part I
think that probably 70% of the reason
that some people don't vote as they
don't know how literally they also are
not accountable so there's nobody who's
going to want them to vote and feel bad
if they
don't so you got to find one person that
will will feel bad if you ask them later
and they haven't voted and they do think
things are going wrong and they think if
only there was something we could do
about it
yes and if you really want to sell it if
you can get your one person see if you
can get them to get one other
person so you want everybody to see if
they can get one person and then
automatically it's going to turn into a
competitive event even if you don't make
it that way cuz if I could get one
person I'm automatically going to think
oh wow I got a person I'm going to try
to get a second
one just because I'm just built that way
you know one isn't enough if you can get
one person to vote well I'm going to
beat you if you can get three of your
family to vote we've never voted before
and you post that an X do you know what
I'm going to do damn you you got three
I'm going to give four and then I'm
going to put that in your comments there
take that
so being being a Scott prestler very
hard um I could not be more
complimentary to what he does getting
one person who's never voted before but
likes Trump to just click a link and
fill in some things while you're you're
on them and you're making sure that
you're you're holding them accountable
yeah you could do that I would I would
dare say nearly 100% of trump voters
could do that now it matters most in the
swing States it matters way less to me
but if you're in
Pennsylvania listen to
me all right I grew up in the Northeast
in Upstate New York I know you
pennsylvanians I know you and every one
of you who are Trump supporters or could
be Trump supporters would enjoy watching
the news and watching the faces of the
fake news people
fall off as they watch him win in the
landslide it's what you want you know
you'd enjoy it think about the faces of
the news people when they find out that
you lied to the
pollsters and way more people voted than
anybody
expected so pennsylvanians hear me swing
state people hear me here's your
challenge every single one of you
everyone every one of you if you're
going to vote it's not enough let me be
clear voting is not enough this year
it's not enough you got to find one non
voter to see if you can help them click
the link get the mailin vote and
actually mail it in and that is how you
win for sure and let me put the final
frame on this Trump has been fighting
for in my opinion the
country for what 8 years longer if you
count his private life he has risked his
life
twice it's time to pay him back we're
going to drag him over the
Finish Line he's going to do you know
he's going to do everything right he's
going to be balls to the wall Trump's
going to be 100% his campaign's going to
be 100% is it enough I don't know but it
will be enough if every one of us grab
him by the lapel and like the Secret
Service we say I don't know what you
were planning on but this is what's
going to happen and we just drag him
over the Finish Line right it's got to
come from below it there's just not
enough from above I mean you can get
money and you they can do great but they
are doing great they can go to every
state they will go to every state they
can do great rallies they are doing
great rallies not enough you are going
to have to do something more than just
your one little vote you're got to get
one more you got to get one more so I'm
going to tell you when I get mine and
then you tell me when you get yours and
we'll compare notes and that ladies and
gentlemen is how you win and I'm going
to talk privately to the people on uh
locals the subscribers on locals and uh
thanks for joining on YouTube and Rumble
NX and I will see you all tomorrow
so in 30 seconds local supporters
only
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e