good morning
everybody I give you a dilber reborn
comic that you can read while
everybody's streaming in you might be
happy to know that Bob the dinosaur is
making a reappearance this week and in
this comic which you can only see if
you're a subscriber at uh Scott adams.
locals.com where you can get that comic
plus a whole bunch of political stuff
that you might not care about so if you
don't care about the political stuff and
you just want the comic you can get the
comic by subscribing on the
xplatform but here we've got Bob the
dinosaur talking to dog bird and Bob
says I took a DNA test to see if I have
any living relatives then Bob continues
it turns out I'm related to a bird from
across town we got together last night
then I killed him because I didn't like
the direction he was evolving and dogar
says you have good
stories so in case you're looking for
more Dilbert comics that's where you can
find
them good morning and welcome to the
highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time in your
life this is the weekend edition because
lazy people take the weekend off not me
not me I'm here every day and if you'd
like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need is a cup or mug or a glass a
tanker chel orstein a canteen Jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
the dopamine of the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now go
oh
man so good I can barely stand
it well um here's some more science that
could have saved a lot of money just by
asking me you didn't need to do a study
but they did a study to find out that uh
if you keep your brain challenged and
you do lots of mentally difficult
activities that your brain will be
healthier into old
age huh I wonder who you could have
asked oh you could have asked me because
it turns out that your brain is like the
rest of your body the better the more
you use it the better it
is uh I find that my brain stops working
after about two days off of
work one one of the reasons and this is
true by the way one of the reasons that
um I don't like not working any given
day is if I take a day off from working
I actually find it harder to work the
next day meaning that if I try to if I
take a few days off from uh writing a
comic it's hard two days off and
suddenly you just forget that little
muscle it's almost like you know taking
time off from exercise so yes you should
be looking for something that keeps your
brain active in your older Years it'll
make a big difference I feel as if I can
feel the difference like it it's such a
difference that like you can actually
feel it's not just
hypothetical well according to science
alert there's a study that found that
Omega-3
supplements reduce aggression by up to
28% and fairly immediately so if you
give somebody
omega-3 which is a common supplement one
that I use actually uh it will uh reduce
your
aggression now my question to you is
this
how many times will science need to
prove to you that Free Will is an
illusion before you're going to believe
me what does it say about free will if
you can take a common supplement and it
changes your behavior
radically where's your free will if you
had free will a supplement wouldn't make
any
difference it's the supplement that's
making the decision for you it's not you
you're just an
observer once you realize you're just an
observer in life it does take a lot of
pressure off what one of my favorite
reframes is uh to tell myself I'm just
an observer and I can't control anything
because sometimes when things are going
wrong you think oh I must do things
differently to fix this but maybe
there's nothing you can do so I just
tell myself I'm an observer my body is
just going where I observe it and it's
almost like a a hobby to watch what
happens
all right just calling up
my comments here nope that's not it I
want to make sure I'm looking at the
locals comments now it would be great if
locals put the content in the order that
it happens instead of completely out of
order don't know why it does
that probably because I think I'm
pinning
things I'm wrong all right we won't have
an argument about free will I know you
love that one according to Zero Hedge
food prices might be jumping up again
because of uh supply chain problems and
conflicts in the world
and everything else but apparently the
biggest increas is in
Sugar which is in a lot of
things and certain
oils I'm sure this sugar is just Satan
at this point do do you think if you
just said all right sugar is Satan
everything would make sense I think that
sugar is why we have you know every
every health problem probably every
chronic health problem that's not caused
by maybe fertilizer or something uh or
weed killers or something I think sugar
is just the thing that's making all the
other chronic problems
worse so now it's making your inflation
worse too sugar is the
devil all right here's another one you
should have asked me
um so Psychology today says there's a
new study that says when kids play with
dogs it relases releases the hormone
oxytocin oxytocin is that hormone that
we seek the most it's it's the one that
makes you feel good and like life is
okay and somebody loves you and you're
connected to the world it's really a
good chemical to have working for you
and kids can get it from playing with
dogs well you could have saved some
money on this study because the day
before I read about the results of the
study literally this is not an
exaggeration I was curled up in the
floor yesterday talking to my dog while
I huged her and I was explaining to her
that I was boosting our
oxytocin literally I literally was
talking out loud like with real words to
my dog yesterday and today I find out
somebody spent money on a survey or a
study
to find out what I knew laying on the
floor with a dog so you just should have
asked me I could have told you and by
the way you feel it have you ever had
the experience where you just you you
curl up with a cat on your lap or a or a
dog and you just feel that little extra
warm comfort that's the oxytocin that's
what that is so once you learn to
recognize it you can tell you're getting
it from from the dog for sure
well according to slay news the Harris
campaign's taking a big hit from
Hispanic support and apparently she has
less support than Biden did and less
support than he had less support than I
think Obama and now Harris is has less
support than Biden so the Hispanic
Community is
moving quite you know noticeably toward
the Republican side did you need to do a
survey about that no you did not because
I believe that one of my better
predictions in this world and I've been
saying it for five
years so think about take yourself back
five years so this is way before it was
really super obvious that the Hispanic
Community was moving away from the
Democrats five years ago that wasn't
obvious and I was telling you okay if
you don't live among the the Hispanic
Community as I do I have you know lots
of connections to the Immigrant Hispanic
Community uh you would maybe not know
that they love their family and they
love their God and they're here to work
hard and to follow the rules they're
Republicans they're republican from top
to bottom and I don't know how you could
change them into something else now they
might get here and you know maybe they
haven't figured out how everything works
in America so there might be a short
time where the Democrats get them
registered as a Democrat and that can be
a little bit of sticky but once they pay
attention a little bit and they see what
wait what are the Republicans offering
what are the Democrats offering it's
it's kind of a slam dunk the Democrats
are not even close to being competitive
to what the Hispanic community that I
observe wants out of the world what they
want out of the world is not
more trans in school that's not what the
Hispanic Community cares about
so this is one of my you know better
observations that I think bringing
enormous amounts of Hispanic people in
through immigration is not going to work
out in the long run the way the
Democrats hoped that they think that
they're bringing in Democrats I think
that's a short-term strategy now it
could be that if the short-term strategy
Works they'll gain enough power
then nobody can take it back so it could
be that the short-term strategy is all
they need to have total complete control
forever but you can tell which way
things are
moving all right see what else is
happening um the so the former head of
black lives matter from Greater Atlanta
he is going to jail because he was
guilty of taking donations that were
meant for black lives matter and he use
them uh to travel and buy a
home it makes you wonder was any of the
black lives matter movement
real any of
it yeah I think it was 100% fake and do
you wonder if George Soros knows that
did he know it at the time and does he
care one way or the other because it
looks like black lives matter might have
been used just for political reasons to
be anti-trump it doesn't really look
like anybody was trying to help black
Americans through black lives matter it
doesn't look like the members or at
least the leaders the members probably
were sincere but the leaders were not
sincere and the person who funded it I
doubt they were
sincere so now we know that it was
exactly what it looks like but the uh
sub the part B of this story is they
showed a picture of the former head of
black lives matter
and uh I'm just going to say this about
that after looking at the picture of the
former black lives
matter ctis Owens might want to look
into his
background I'll just leave it
there you know you you would think that
the head of black lives matter should
look a little bit more black than some
of the heads of the black lives matter
look you should at least look completely
black you know not
10% if if you look 10% black okay I
guess the standard is if you want to
call yourself black you're allowed to do
that in our big old world you can
identify the way you want
but it's a strange look I'll just say
that it's a strange look there's a new
Trump hoax uh there's some XA and I'm
assuming that this is anonymous I didn't
care enough to read the actual story but
the Anonymous near the election story is
that an x a says that Trump refused to
give California wildfire Aid so when
California had the wildfires during
Trump's Administration he wouldn't give
them Wildfire aid until um somebody told
him how many people there voted for
him does that sound
true do you think Trump said uh I'm not
going to give Wildfire Aid to California
until somebody tells me how many of them
voted for me
that sounds so hilariously not true it's
exactly the kind of um exactly the kind
of story you expect a few weeks before
the election an anonymous story somebody
anonymously yeah no I don't think that
Trump was talking out loud in front of
witnesses and suggesting that he wasn't
going to give Wildfire Aid to a place
that had too many Democrats now that did
not happen I'm sorry I wasn't in the
room but that did not
happen so that's the new
hoax anyway uh have I ever told you that
all data that matters is fake not all
data but anything that matters to policy
or to politics it's all fake Engineers
sometimes have real data right if you're
measuring the fault rate of machines
that's probably real there's a good
chance you got that right but the
political stuff that goes to policy and
who's in charge and where the money goes
none of that's true you can count on
none of that being true just none of it
now I know I can't sell that you're not
ready for it because we're all being
sort of slowly blackpilled into
understanding the real system that we
live in it's really really hard to wrap
your head around none of it being
real because you're pretty sure that at
least the stuff that agrees with you is
real right well that stuff must be real
because it agrees with how you feel no
none of it's real now some of it might
be accidentally accurate but it would be
just an
accident here's an example so I I wasn't
keeping up with this story but
apparently um the Biden Harris uh
Administration
paused uh LG exports now lmg would be
the liquefied natural gas it's a you
know gamic gigantic energy market and
apparently there was some pause because
there was some study that said that uh
the LNG was worse for the environment
than
coal and then somebody said yeah but you
did the numbers wrong and you got some
wrong assumptions and the data is wrong
and
so what's
true so the administration at least
maybe temporarily they're accused of
maybe changing their policy because of
this study and then somebody said no
it's none of it's
true that is the world we live in now is
the study wrong I wouldn't know would
you maybe the people who say the stud's
wrong are the ones that are
wrong but but my point is sometimes the
sometimes the studies or the data will
be correct but it's never going to be
credible
so you still can't use it or you still
can't trust it you can use it but you
can't trust
it here's some more data that uh is fake
um the data might be real but the
interpretation may be fake so you you
know that the lawyer representing over
120 uh victims of the Diddy party
situation so there's a lawyer he's got a
hundred clients that are going to try to
get money I guess from some kind of
reports of bad behavior but since the
lawyer went public with all those people
who are going to be complaining and
maybe trying to get money they've
received 12,000 phone calls with tips on
various bad Diddy Behavior
12,000 now here's what you need to know
about that if you took any public figure
even one that wasn't real like Mickey
Mouse I'll use Mickey Mouse as my
example because Mickey doesn't exist
if somebody did a a press release and
said we have 120 complaints that Mickey
Mouse was sexually assaulting them what
would be the most obvious thing that
would happen after that well I think you
would get 12,000 phone calls from people
who said Mickey Mouse sexually assaulted
me
too can I get in on this yeah so what
you should not interpret from 100 12
people who got a lawyer to go after
Diddy triggering 12,000 phone calls of
more reports of Diddy this will be your
toughest challenge for assuming innocent
until proven
[Laughter]
guilty there are 12,000 reports of guilt
and you you somehow as a citizen of the
United States if you're playing it right
if you're playing a fair still
innocent still innocent
now trust me I have the same Instinct
about this that you
do it feels like he's not
innocent it feels like he's not but I'm
going to try as hard as I can to set a
standard here that only the government
is
guilty from the get-go they have to
prove they're Innocent but citizens
you're really going to have to prove
they're guilty and this doesn't do it
12,000 phone calls doesn't do it one
lawyer with over a 100 clients doesn't
do it that's not good enough it might be
later I mean um of course after the
evidence comes in we'll redecide but
don't decide because so many people said
that they were there or saw it or I mean
all it is is all it is is the anonymous
source about Trump times 12,000
basically well speaking of Diddy
um I was looking at Netflix for
something to watch last night and
there's a Netflix documentary about
Clive Davis you know the the music mogul
uh guy who made a lot of people rich and
made a lot of stars and I gotta say it
was
fascinating but it's twice as
fascinating now that you know the
context of the accusations against Diddy
here are some things to look for and and
I want to say this very carefully
I'm not aware of any accusations against
Clive
Davis so again everybody I mention is
innocent unless some court of law says
they're not right so I'm making no
allegations I'm just saying that if you
watch this documentary which is made to
be very complimentary to Clive Davis I
assume he I assume he was behind the
making of it because it's just so
compliment um but you have to watch this
with your current context
everything looks
different now I don't know if the
everything looking
different is my bias creeping into a
story in which there was nothing that
was
wrong I don't know but some of the
things I learned were that uh I didn't
know that Clive Davis had come out as
bisexual at some point so he liked uh
relations with men and women and in the
context of hearing the did
allegedly again we don't know for sure
was allegedly forcing himself on young
male people and then in the documentary
we see that Clive Davis discovered Diddy
or he was a big part of Diddy's advance
and that did he saw him as sort of a
mentor now again I want to be really
clear that I'm making no allegations and
I'm not aware of any allegations against
Clive Davis but when you see it in the
context it really looks different but
I'll tell you the two creepiest
things there were two references to
grooming in the
documentary but both references were in
reference to grooming
musicians so he would find people who
were you know talented but not famous
and he would groom them and that was the
actual word they used so they used the
word groom twice in that
documentary how many doc mentaries have
the word groom in it twice it's a weird
thing so again I'm not making any kind
of accusations and I'm not aware of any
uh that anybody else was making but wow
does this look different when you put
the context of what you think you know
about the Diddy story that who knows how
much is
true well I Walter Isaacson says uh that
the quote the script will get flip
flipped next week on October 10th when
Elon introduces Robo taxi and things
that operate in the real world so so
we've got Ai and AI is the subject of
you know several of our biggest
companies so Elon Musk has his version
of AI and Google has theirs and
Microsoft and open AI have theirs Etc so
I didn't realize this but maybe I knew
it that um musk is making his version of
AI which is is called X AI U he makes it
open source whenever he releases the new
version so when he releases the new
version he makes the version just before
that open source for competitive reasons
maybe he wants to not not to make the
new one open um but then he reveals
it so here's what's here's my uh
observation so you're Elon Musk and you
are really good at
business models and making stuff
work he's making his model open source
what's that going to do to AI as a
valuable commodity in the future
shouldn't it bring it down to a
commodity are are we building the you
know the world's most expensive new
technology with these you know
multi-billion dollar uh chip-based data
centers and building nuclear power
plants just to power them them and that
when you're done because there's a
version of the same thing you just made
with all of your billions of dollars
there's a free one over here that's open
source don't they all become worth
nothing because the competition is free
well here's a free one so I
suspect that you need all the billions
of dollars to build the thing but once
you've built it how much smarter is it
ever going to get in other words when
you reach the point where it can't get
much smarter and it's already absorbed
the total knowledge and language
patterns of all all conversations
happened before and then it can also
search the internet and maybe update
itself once in a
while aren't you
done like there's some point where
there's nothing left to train it on and
then it becomes a commodity doesn't it
but suppose your Elon must
and you know that the AI is not just
going to be on your phone it's also
going to be in your robot and it's going
to be in your Robo taxi that will drive
itself when you call it and here's the
thing if mus can you know through making
uh the previous versions open source if
any of that turns out to make AI by
itself a commodity meaning that's the
economic word for meaning it's not worth
much you wouldn't pay much for it but he
also is the best American
manufacturer of complicated things so he
can make a car he can I guess they could
make their satellites wherever they make
them and he can make a
robot so if he makes a robo taxi and
robots nobody who's also making AI can
compete with him because the part
they'll be selling will be the commodity
that's worth nothing eventually the part
he's selling will be the super valuable
part because Americans can't manufacture
but he
can so what what is Microsoft going to
do if they've developed this AI that's
really cool but everybody else makes one
and they're all the same and maybe one
of them has less censorship so you like
it better I don't know it seems to me
that
musk may have
developed one of the best competitive
models you'll ever see which is going to
get the AI spend his billions but he'll
have robots to put it in and that's the
that's the secret sauce I don't
know we'll see I I don't see Microsoft
competing with him on manufacturing so
what are they going to have to sell
eventually good
question well Politico is mentioning
what we've all been thinking that the
the hurricane Helen since it hit some um
States that are important to the
election electorally speaking and they
also have more uh Republicans than
Democrats especially Georgia and North
Carolina the guy hit um Politico saying
it could change the election
result meaning that there'll be fewer
Republicans who can get to the polls and
it happens to be in some of the most
important
States and since the elections are
always
close this could be the difference it
could the actual hurricane is the
difference between who wins the
election now that brings us to question
number two which is um is FEMA and the
Biden Administration doing
enough or is there any regard to maybe
they're not doing enough because they
don't want to do enough in other words
are any decisions being made at the
leadership
level that are making it less likely
that Republicans will recover fast
enough to
vote now we're seeing lots of reports
that I don't consider completely um
credible yet because it's still fog of
War so we're seeing lots of reports of
just horrible horrible Behavior by FEMA
but also reports that the reports of the
horrible Behavior are fake it's way too
early to know what's going on are there
terrible inefficiencies in the system
well almost certainly but I imagine that
always looks that way you know if you
could see everything that's happening
during a disaster recovery I imagine
there would be all kinds of pockets of
what looks like incompetence and poor
communication probably kind of normal
because if you go into any war or well
you know you've heard the old thing
about um your battle plan only lasts
until the first bullet is fired and and
then after that you got to scramble to
figure it out or uh I think Mike Tyson
says that your uh your strategy for the
boxing match uh goes away after the
first
punch I feel like Disaster Recovery is
like that you got a great plan but then
you get there you go uh 130 substations
for Network are gone and all of our
communication uh now what do we do
so I can't tell from a
distance that FEMA is failing or should
have done something differently we can
tell for sure that a lot of people are
not getting served it's a little
different because there might be some
natural obstacles that are just unique
to this case the the massive amount of
and the widespread
electrical problem taking out all
communication means you can't even find
the people who need help so there's
something about this one that's
different than a lot of different
recoveries so it looks like incompetence
at a level that you almost think is
intentional how many of you would go so
far as to say that based on what you've
seen so far in the news or even other
reports it looks
intentional does anybody feel that way
that that the incompetence looks like an
intentional incompetence because they
don't want to really help the
Republicans um I don't see it so let me
see directly on a factual basis I don't
see support for that theory
factually will your election depend on
facts no as others have said this is a
Vibe election if you think the vibe of
one team is better than the vibe of the
other you're going to vote for the good
vibe but let me tell you the vibe that
white people are getting and I can't
speak for all white people but you can
see my post I posted today and you'll
see if people are agreeing or not so you
can determine it yourself but I'll tell
you the vibe I'm getting it feels like
the Democrats have gone from uh over
discrimination against white Americans
in the form of Dei and ESG very overt
obvious racial discrimination to
actually killing white people and
replacing them with immigrants now is
that a a factual statement no no it is
not did I say it was a factual statement
nope nope there I'm making no claim of
fact because I don't see the
facts but let me tell you how it
feels as a white person in America it
feels like they're murdering us
because they got away with everything
else so far and why wouldn't
they it feels like they're murdering us
it feels like we're literally targeted
for murder now again let me be very
careful that's not what's
happening that is not happening that is
not factually happening they're not
targeting us for murder so they can win
the
election but it feels like
it it feels like it
now does the fact that I am quite aware
that there's no factual support for that
does it change how I feel no it doesn't
because the pattern that's been that's
been um created by all of the other
activities the last several years looks
very much like an anti-white long-term
Trend to which everything is folding
under so the
vibe is not like anything I've ever felt
before now it looks
like it feels like
extermination it isn't it isn't and
there's no factual basis for that but
godamn it feels like it how many of you
feel the same way you do any of you feel
like like we've turned some corner here
and and the hurricane like again this is
a this is a false
signal I would be super surprised if we
ever learned that anything about the
hurricane had something to do with
politics I don't believe that that's
true but damn it feels like it it just
feels like it
and that's so I'm not trying to convince
you to feel like it I don't think that's
helpful but I just think you probably do
and if you don't think that that's going
to change people's behavior in voting I
think you're wrong I think that
Republicans and white Republicans in
particular are voting for their life and
I think that black Americans uh suddenly
got a tap on the shoulder it's like you
know
the massive
immigration that's not good for
you and your side's doing it and that's
not good for
you um and I think that black Americans
see it too so it's not like there's it's
not like any of this is based on race it
feels like it's political and they don't
care what race they have to manipulate
could be blacks could be whites they
just need the power so I think that's
why you're going to see a lot more black
Americans joining white Americans to
say what are you doing it doesn't even
look like you're on the team America
whatever you're doing it looks like it's
designed to destroy the country and I
think
anecdotally people are seeing
that Nicole Shanahan said she was
shocked by the intolerance of the
Democrats that she used to be because
when she left the Democrats to become
independent um apparently the people
that were friends and people who
respected her just
turned so it became socially and
business-wise she just became poison as
soon as she turned away from the
Democrats now keep in mind that she
didn't turn away from the Democrats to
Trump right away she turned to the most
Democrat family member you could ever
have which was
Kennedy and that was enough to be like
excommunicated forever and you know she
was basically dead to her friends and
and business people now here's the
here's the thing that I take away from
that correct me if I'm wrong because I'm
not a
historian the people who got on the
Mayflower the original
pilgrims correct me if I'm wrong but did
they not risk their lives to get on that
ship to cross an ocean under the worst
conditions to get the away from
these
right America was founded by people
trying to get the away from these
 it's the same the same
 are telling you how to live how
to think yeah it's the same
 they're trying to take away
your free speech they're very pointedly
trying to do that they're trying to get
rid of all your
freedoms very
clearly yeah and if you don't think this
is
1776 is if you don't think this is time
for whatever blood it is that makes
Americans Americans to get our act
together and realize that we came here
to get away from this and
we're not going to let this happen again
men
men
men can you get it
together and vote and guess
somebody signed up
if you're a man in America and you
haven't gotten at least one other man to
sign up to vote to save this
country you're not a
man step up
men Step
Up This is the real thing by the way
this is not a drill this is the real
thing don't around it's time to
step up
all
right um this is interesting trend-wise
there are now at least four companies
that are looking at nuclear power just
for their own data centers because AI is
going to take so much Amazon just bought
a nuclear powered data center now I did
not know that a nuclear powerered data
center existed so this must be in
another country I don't know where that
is uh Oracle building some uh data
center that'll be powered by three
Nuclear Power Nuclear small nuclear
power plants and U Microsoft is looking
at Three Mile Island to turn it back on
the parts that still work and uh Google
is looking at nuclear power as well so
your biggest companies are looking
at having their own nuclear power now
look at the these look at these four
companies Amazon Oracle Microsoft and
Google
do they have enough clout to force the
government to let's say uh be smarter
about their regulatory environment for
nuclear yes they do if you just waited
for the government to say you know what
we've been looking at our regulations
and you know we think we should reduce a
few of these nothing's going to happen
our government does what it's paid to do
let's let's be honest it does what it's
paid to do and I don't mean paid to do
what the people want I mean paid by
donors special interests you know the
government does what it's paid to do so
now that we have our biggest richest
companies who absolutely positively no
doubt about it need nuclear energy or
they're
 they're just going to pay the
government to get rid of the regulations
so they can do
it problem
solved if you believe our government is
as corrupt as I do
then the only way you can remove
regulations is that gigantic companies
who have the money to bribe anybody just
bribe people to get rid of the
regulations so they can go on with their
business I think at this point if you
don't own some stock in the nuclear
power
companies you might look back and say
why didn't I see that coming and by the
way um I should
note I do own stock in a Index Fund of
nuclear power companies for this reason
and I also I should have mentioned I do
own some stock in
Tesla um every once in a while I should
have mentioned to you that I own stock
in some of the companies I mentioned
I've got some Microsoft
stock I don't have any Amazon or
Oracle except in index
funds all right uh there's a new video
of KL Harris uh people are saying that
her teleprompter glitched it looked like
it I'm not sure that's the answer but
um uh NN is only one of the uh is only
one of the companies I've I've got a
different one I'll tell you about
later um so she's uh talking along at
her rally and maybe the teleprompter
glitched and she just started saying H
32 days until something ah 32 ah at
32 and you can even see the panic in her
eyes
and I was trying to say could you
imagine the teleprompter goes out and
let's say it's V
ramaswami is that a problem no no V can
do an hour within a teleprompter he
could do two hours with a teleprompt
let's say it's RFK Jr and the
teleprompter goes out is he in trouble
no no RFK Jr can talk for two hours
within a teleprompter and it will all be
brilliant if uh Trump is giving his talk
and his teleprompt it goes out which I
think has happened actually what happens
is he panicked no he does standup comedy
and it gets
better the crowd likes it better right
so you could go right down the line um
if if JD Vance lost his teleprompter is
he in trouble no no JD Vance can talk
for two hours without a teleprompter and
it all makes sense but KL Harris
couldn't do
it and we're actually looking at her as
maybe a
president you realize that in the
fullness of time it will seem hilarious
that this was ever close it's it's only
because the brainwashing operation from
the government is so powerful that
they've convinced people that this
should be a close race this one really
shouldn't be and by the way I do think
that most most elections I can
completely understand why they're close
when when Trump ran against Hillary
Clinton I had a strong
preference but Hillary Clinton is very
capable and very smart and very
experienced when she when she ran for
office this isn't like
that this is not that it made sense that
Hillary Clinton was very close in the
polls to Trump this doesn't make sense
I don't know how unreal our environment
can become but we've really reached some
kind of new level of are we supposed to
believe this that this election is
close no thank you I I choose not to
believe
it um there's a new deep fake um this
one's clever because it purported to be
some kind of hidden camera thing where
the the face of the person talking was
concealed but when you listen to the
words since you can't see a mouth moving
because the the face is blurred out uh
the words sound to me like AI or some
actor but it's the the
alleged person is suggesting that kamla
Harris is the owner of the cocaine that
was found in the White House I I would
give zero credibility to that and if you
couldn't tell that was a deep
fake you need to be a little more
cautious do you know how many people
couldn't tell it was a deep fake 2.1
million have viewed it so
far over 2 million people viewed it and
a lot of them you know re reposted it
so this is really dangerous because in
my mind it was obviously
fake but to a lot of people it wasn't
and what is it what is it about it uh
let me test you what is it about it even
without seeing it so you don't have to
see it to answer this question all you
have to know is the
topic what made people believe it when
it obviously looked like it was fake
what made people believe
it because it's because they wanted
to it it was a fun recreational story
that if if it if you could make a case
that it was KL Harris's cocaine in the
White House and again I'm aware of no
evidence of that whatsoever it's only
based on a fake video uh it would be fun
to believe and it would be compatible
with maybe some of your prior beliefs
it's just a bias yeah so the the Deep
fakes you have to worry about are not
the one this is this is my learning my
key learning here is that you don't have
to worry just about them looking real
this one didn't look real and it's still
sold because it was compatible with what
people wanted to believe so the key
lesson here is the Deep fake just has to
agree with what people are already
thinking and they will completely be
oblivious to how poorly you made it I I
hate to say that's true but you can see
it in this one
especially anyway there's a whole bunch
of conversation about the FEMA budget uh
people on the right say that FEMA gave
tons of money to settling or helping
migrants and therefore they're running
out money to help in um the current
hurricane situation FEMA would say and
Democrats would say nothing like that
happened those were different budgets
and different uh buckets and uh we never
spent the money for the hurricane stuff
it was just a different bucket blah blah
blah then Republicans would say
something like there's no such thing as
different buckets if if FEMA doesn't
have enough and you gave half a billion
to something else then logically that
was half a billion that could have been
available but isn't is that a good
argument uh I'm going to go with both of
them are full of so I'm going to
say I can't back either argument because
they both look like they're lying so I
don't believe the Democrats when they
say oh it's a different bucket but I
also don't believe the Republicans when
they say that's the reason that there's
not enough money or even that there
isn't enough money the White House says
there is enough we're we're giving them
everything they want so I think both
sides are lying on this story or
mistaken no I won't say lying I'll say
mistaken or or or they're they're
adapting a version that's compatible
with their preconceived notions let's
say I don't know what to believe on that
but I don't like
it um there was a story that uh the femo
was uh blocking private flights and
helicopters from bringing stuff in Elon
Musk got into it on the xplatform
because people were contacting him and
saying we've got this stuff but they
won't let us deliver it and then uh P
Buddha judge weighed in and said that's
not true nobody nobody's blocking any
flights and then mus tried to get in
touch with him and did and uh Buddha
judge was successful in Expediting the
approval of the flights in other words
Buddha judge was not aware
that there was something that needed to
be
expedited now is that a giant failure a
FEMA or Buddha
judge yes
yes yes it was a giant failure but I'm
going to put some context on it in the
context of uh this big operation with so
many moving Parts it's not that unusual
that the top person or persons are not
getting the information from the bottom
persons That's Not Unusual so my guess
is that Buddha judge literally didn't
know it was a problem until he fixed it
it was the fixing it that guaranteed it
was a problem because there was
something to fix so even Buddha says you
know that he
expedited you don't expedite during an
emergency unless something's broken
right because the Expediting is what the
emergency response is the entire
emergency response is an expedited
response so if he has to go in and
expedite the thing that should have been
expedited something was broken but he
did fix it so we'll give him that right
I I uh I tend to be very very generous
in my scoring during a
disaster because you know people are
just doing the best they can and I think
they are doing the best they can
um there's according to the hill a
Georgia judge has tossed out a lawsuit
about voting machines um because the the
judge says that
the the alleged uh let's say um holes in
the voting machine process are purely
hypothetical so some security risks were
presented to a folden County judge in
Georgia and the judge said you have not
made your case that uh these these
weaknesses in the system are purely
hypothetical now here's what you should
learn from
this if you have a computer or you have
a company you might be worried about the
cyber security of your company uh or
your own
computer if you're worried about the
cyber security of your company you
should see a
judge no no no some of you were saying
no why wouldn't I talk to a cyber expert
no you don't need a cyber expert to tell
you who can and cannot hack a
machine no you need a judge somebody
went to law school they're the ones who
can tell you if the security problems in
your machine are purely hypothetical or
the real kind you need to worry about so
don't worry people don't worry a judge
says that uh hackers can't get into the
machines no a judge said it stop
complaining a judge said it can't do it
have you heard about the event where the
hackers get all the newest uh well I
don't know if they're the newest they
they get all the uh voting machines in
one room and then they hack
them and they hack everyone every time
they're all
hacked but the judge says these
particular machines no problem it's only
hypothetical
so I don't trust
that have I told you that all data that
matters is fake and the closer you get
to an election the more Fake It is well
here are three takes remember you saw
the report that the jobs jobs are
looking great and uh the jobless rat is
under control what was the first thing
you said to yourself when you saw that
the job numbers look great right before
the election
well you probably said what I
said these numbers aren't
real do you know who else said these
numbers don't look
real um let's
see um I think it was uh Bloomberg and
CNBC so both Bloomberg and CNBC when
they saw the job numbers said uh
no so this is one those s situations
where you really have to divide the
world into people with experience in the
real world and people are
inexperienced suppose you're 25 years
old you're trying to decide who to vote
for and the numbers come out that says
the jobs are great and that may be the
thing you care about the most especially
if you're looking to you know work your
way up through the employment world so
you're 25 and you see that the jobs are
just killing it you're going to vote for
a Democrat
but if you happen to be experienced
let's say you're over 50 and you've seen
how the real world Works you've seen how
numbers are always weird when it gets to
the election and you know that they're
usually revised and often revised in a
major way downward but after the
fact if you had experience in the real
world and those numbers came out you
said what CNBC and Bloomberg said uh
no no these are real these are not real
numbers so I have I have that kind of
experience so as soon as I saw it I
didn't need to I didn't need to consult
with
Bloomberg I didn't need to consult with
CNBC they did not need to consult with
anybody either because if you have a
certain amount of experience in the real
world you just look at those numbers and
you shake your head you go no no I've
been saying the same thing about
science measuring the temperature of the
earth people in the business World tend
to give scientists like their own
space as in the scientists are somehow
immune from all the things that make
every other number fake they're not
immune it's exactly the same if it's a
political domain such as climate change
their numbers are as real as the job
numbers meaning that it's all motivated
numbers you can't trust any of
it so that's the difference between
being experienced and not experienced so
you can sell climate change to young
people because they do not yet know that
all the important data is
fake they don't know that but once you
know that everything that matters to
policy and to money is fake or at least
you shouldn't trust it then everything
looks different
suddenly all right so there are three
different arguments at least why it's
fake um so one of them is that the the
raw number might be realish but uh the
people who got the jobs are coming in
from other
countries and the people who got the
jobs are mostly government hiring so
there was massive government hiring oh
that's a big coincidence right before
the election H and there was
a a lot of people took part-time jobs so
basically the jobs numbers even if the
data was correct the way you would
interpret it could be opposite of the
number so the interpretation would be
hey jobs are way up good news everybody
great job Democrats or uh let's look at
the details of these numbers wait a
minute all the jobs went to people who
were not even citizens who just came in
the country this year oh that's the
worst thing in the world well it's not
the worst thing in the world but it's
bad so you can't even tell if the job
report is good or bad for somebody who's
a
citizen that's how bad our data is you
can't even
tell well CNN's Harry enton as talking
about the uh the poll results on CNN and
uh he says quote so there's no
historical precedent for the White House
Party winning another term in the White
House when just 28% of the country think
we're on the right
track and said simply put it would be
historically
unprecedented
huh so under the current
conditions if kamla Harris was judged
the winner on Election Day Harry Anon of
CNN has told us that we shouldn't
believe it was
real am I miss interpreting this Harry
Anon is saying that it would be
unprecedented
and there would be no history of this
ever happening in the United States for
somebody with such a low uh rating for
being on the right track would ever get
reelected so doesn't that automatically
mean that if Harris does get judged the
winner on Election Day that a reasonable
citizen would say there must be
fraud because this is so far under the
historical Norm that we can't certify
this
right am I
wrong now one of the reasons that people
didn't believe the 2020 election is that
there I believe you have to give me a
fact check on this but I think there
were some bellweather situations you
know places where the vote always goes a
certain way and you can rely on it where
it didn't and only in the kind of
critical places where it made a
difference to me that's pretty good
evidence of fraud it's not proof it's
not proof but I would say if Harry Anon
has told us a few weeks before the
election then nobody can get elected
with these
numbers and then they
do how am I supposed to interpret that
how am I supposed to interpret that
somebody gets elected with numbers that
you can't get elected
with do we say well I guess history
certainly surprised us this time I
might but it's far more likely I'm going
to suspect something was wrong with the
election well I would say the rigging
has already begun and maybe is already
done and has determined that Harris will
win so the amuse account which is really
high value account on X if you're not if
you're not following the account on X
called amuse just one word amuse you're
missing some of the best independent
reporting I mean it's it's a level above
anything you're going to see on TV news
and I don't even know who's behind it
exactly because it's sort of anonymous
but uh I get some of my best stuff just
from that one account on X amuse the
other one that's similarly good is
George follow those
two George is great I don't I don't know
who's backing George but wow he's got
quite an operation
going
um so here's what we know so we know
we've got the um potential
election weakness because if you're
voting overseas you don't need to show
that you're a citizen you don't need to
show your address or even your
ID and here's what the amuse account
tells us that between 2016 and
2020
um that there was a big increase in
non-military overseas ballots so I guess
we can tell fairly easily how many
military people are
overseas and that number stayed about
the same but the non-military people
skyrocketed in numbers of people who
voted in
2020 why would that be did did a lot of
people move overseas between 2016 and
2020 for non-military reasons I'm not
aware of
that um and of those votes coming in
um that were just the the overseas ones
that are
non-military how many of them do you
think voted for Biden in Fon County and
Maricopa two are the ones that we have
the most questions about well according
to amuse The Fulton County numbers the
votes for Biden that came in from this
suspicious
overseas unverified bunch of Voters uh
that uh 100% of them went for
Biden 100%
now you know that's not possible
right that that is proof of
rigging that's not a
suspicion that would be proof that would
be
proof um how about Maricopa 74% for
Biden do you think there's anybody from
you know you could take any group of
Maricopa people and get 74% for
Biden
no now these numbers if they're true
remember data is always suspicious but
if it's
true then we know exactly one of the big
sources of cheating so if you're
wondering hey was there cheating in 2020
yeah there it is there it is if the data
is
true if the data is true I would call
that um citizen level
proof meaning that I don't know what a
court would say cuz a court would
probably need you to track down every
you know vote and check the ID and stuff
like this but on a citizen
level like what what do you and I decide
is you know evidence versus proof to me
this is
proof If the data is true right I'll
still put an if on you know you always
have to wonder if the data sources are
good but if the DAT is true yeah this is
proof that the election was rigged and
that they plan to do it again
um there's a FBI whistleblower according
to the Gateway
pundit that says the FBI is planning to
have uh their own agents
undercover uh I think undercover I'm not
sure they said undercover but they would
be monitoring the meropi Maricopa County
polling stations to monitor the Trump
voters uh you thought I was going to say
the FBI was going to monitor the
election to make sure the election was
fair right
no they're going to
monitor the
monitors they're going to monitor the
Republicans now let's game this out
let's say you are an attorney and and a
election monitor you've been trained by
the Lara Trump uh Watley group and
you're you're like trained to be a good
Observer and suddenly you see something
that looks suspicious and you go to
everybody and say hey hey I'm I'm an
observer this is suspicious you know we
need to keep an eye on this or whatever
we need to
do what happens then well the Democrats
of course push back and they push and
they push but it's kind sort of a fair
fight you've got some attorneys that are
trained to do this so that's pretty
powerful but the Democrats are going to
push back hard and they're pretty
powerful so at least you got a fair
fight okay so that's the situation
without the FBI there now
imagine the same situation but the FBI
there are to make sure the observers
don't get out a hand so The Observers
say hey hey we just saw something in
that batch you got to stop everything
till we look at it Democrats say no no
no and then the FBI walks in says uh
what are you talking about and the
Republicans say this batch looks bad can
you can you help us you know we'll make
sure this one's guarded and then the FBI
says Nah I think it looks fine the Dem
Democrats say it looks fine and then
then what does the lawyer do the trained
lawyer Observer do well the trained
lawyer Observer is outranked now because
you're not going to not do what the FBI
tells you if you're a lawyer I mean most
lawyers so to me it looks like they're
just adding muscle so that the Democrats
can hide anything they want and The
Observers won't have enough clout to
make sure that they can check it when it
needs to get checked so to me it looks
like
now you could say but Scott this is not
proven in any Court no I'm as a
citizen I'm I'm using my own standards
for what I would consider proven versus
alleged or hypothetical to me if you put
the FBI in there to watch the um to
watch only the Trump
observers that would be a rigged
election in at least in that way it
would be rigged now keep in mind this
comes from a whistleblower I don't know
if the Whistleblower was um Anonymous if
it's an anonymous whistleblower will'll
give it the same treatment as the Trump
hoax which is anonymous doesn't count
Anonymous is not
evidence but if if he gave his name and
we know who he is or or he's at least
given his name to law enforcement or
something maybe maybe so keep an eye on
that
one uh Mark andreon famous investor in
Silicon Valley one of the big names
there um he teaches us something called
the iron law of oligarchy I've never
heard this before but it matches what
I've believed and it says that so
there's something called the iron law of
oligarchy and what it says is that all
forms of organizations no matter how
Democratic will turn into
oligarchies thus democracy is
practically and theoretic Ally
impossible yes that is
correct if you have a
democracy uh in a free market it's
inevitable and unavoidable that some
people will succeed more than others so
far you all agree that's just what a
free market is and then once those
people get rich they will of
course look at ways to stay
rich and they will look at ways to you
know increase their advantage and
they'll look around at other rich people
and say you know if you and I
agreed we'd be way more powerful than if
it were just one of us and they don't
even need to say the words because they
all know what's good for them and it's
probably good for you too fat cat and
then suddenly the oligarchies have so
much money and power that they start
running the show and that democracy
becomes just a a window covering or
something that makes the citizens feel
they're participating but really
not does that sound like
America yes yeah that's America I don't
believe there's any such thing as an
actual functioning
democracy and if there is it's a
temporary thing because yeah the to me
this is an iron law I don't believe it's
possible to have a long-term democracy
Republic situation I think it just
devolves into really the fat cats are in
charge and the citizens are diverted
into thinking the voting makes a
difference so this is closely related to
my observation that no Government Can
Survive free speech and that's why we
don't have it and never will now you
thought you had free speech for most of
your life but really you only had the
Free Speech to say things that the
mainstream would agree with otherwise
you were in trouble it didn't have to be
the government so so we watched the
government using social media platforms
and and foreign entities to censor
things in the United States and it seems
to pass the test of not violating the
First Amendment but we don't have free
speech I mean be real we don't have
anything like free speech ask Nicole
shananne she had free speech went from
being a Democrat to an independent and
suddenly
the the pressure from other citizens
because they've been brainwashed by
whom what why is it that Nicole Shanahan
gets so much bad treatment from
Democrats when she leaves the Democrat
field is it because those Democrats have
free will and they thought it out and
they thought that was a good way to
act nope they have been literally
brainwashed to not tolerate certain
kinds of speech and so they acted out
that way thinking it was their own
opinions it was not their own opinions
they were brainwashed and uh those
opinions were assign to them so as long
as your government can control the
media it can assign opinions to people
and part of its uh assignment is that
you know here's one of the opinions I'm
going to assign to you even though we
have this thing called Free Speech you
can't say that stuff so you can't say
stuff that's true if it disagrees with
what we're trying to push on people like
the pandemic situation and you can't say
something that would be bad for somebody
because they even made up a thing that
the constitution has something about um
Haze
speech it doesn't so hay speech is
completely legal under First Amendment
but uh there was a
poll that showed that uh women and
especially young women uh think that the
constitution already makes makes it
illegal to do Haze
speech which makes it really easy
for for Democrats to blame people for
hate speech and then get rid of their
speech because they've already convinced
two-thirds of women that that's a legal
and valid constitutional thing it's not
it's the opposite it's not legal or
valid to monitor or stop some of your
speech if you're the government if
you're the government it's not not
appropriate
so um here's a uh reframe that I hadn't
heard until this morning that's really
breaking my brain so this is a Mike Benz
again Mike Ben is a I'm gonna say this
as clearly as I can if you're not
following Mike Ben's
bnz you really don't know what's going
on because the stuff he does is not in
the news and it's so well sourced
and so well communicated you end up
listening to it and going oh wow I
didn't know that all right here's one of
those so you know that all these uh
dangerous looking people are coming
across the border and you're seeing all
these military age looking people from
different countries it's not even one
country it's not Mexico it's from all
over the world all these military age
people and then we heard that there's a
whole bunch of people that are you know
allegedly on the National Security list
you know there there's something about
them that automatically makes them look
like a national security risk probably
where they came
from and you're saying to yourself how
in the world is our government letting
this
happen well here's a spin you if you
haven't heard this this is going to blow
your freaking
mind first of all you do know that the
United States has for decades and
decades Tred to control as many other
countries as possible
to have influence over their government
to you know to you know do coups
to have protests so basically America
has tried with every mechanism they can
from military to financial to covert to
control every country we can because the
more we control them the more business
we can do so the oligarchy needs control
over other countries to get raw
materials and also to have markets so
really our CIA is sort of an extension
of our commercial Enterprises it just
make sure that they they're softening up
these markets and the sources of raw
materials so that it's good for good for
the free market basically good for
America
specifically
so as part of that process there's a lot
of training of rebels who might want to
take over their own country with
American
Support so we got 1.7 s a million
migrants who could pose some National
Security risk according to the the GOP
Judiciary Committee and Mike Ben says
this and my mind is completely blown by
this by the
way you have to listen to this
carefully uh Mike Benz if you follow my
streams you know why so you know why
that all these dangerous men are coming
into the country yes sometimes it's
recklessness and negligence so a lot of
it could just be we have bad borders but
most of the time DHS the Department of
Homeland Security is importing CIA and
Department of Defense backed
paramilitary
gangs and their families because they're
quote our guys in regime change Ops in
their countries of origin Haiti
Venezuela Venezuela Somalia
Etc Democrats support the military
intelligence up on political grounds
because they think it's changing the
voter demographics uh while Republicans
support the military intelligence op on
Commercial grounds because this is how
you get your cheap labor in other
countries and cheap
resources
so here's what I hate about this point
of
view it explains
everything it explains everything that I
don't know how you know how completely
accurate it is uh I'm willing to bet
based on Mike Ben's credibility that
there's some of that in the
mix the question I don't know and he's
he's not he's not giving us an estimate
because he wouldn't know either is what
percentage of it is our guys meaning
people that were trying to influence
maybe to send them back or maybe because
they already did something for us and
we're protecting them
but apparently there's some
big secret part of why so many men are
coming into the country now I would love
to think that our CIA and Department of
Defense are so capable that the the
dangerous looking people that are coming
in are going to be dangerous on our
behalf that feels like a lot to ask me
to accept I do not believe that our CI
CIA and Department of Defense can bring
a million 1.7 million people or whatever
the number is some subset of that uh and
that they can control that
situation so I don't know this one blew
my mind when I when I read it but uh uh
like I say Ben has high credibility on
this
topic Tucker Carlson had a interesting
uh
observation um when he was talking about
wokeness he he says wokeness is
basically just an anti-white racist
thing and one of the ways you can tell
that is that Ireland is
woke now Ireland basically was colonized
they weren't
colonizers it was they weren't a bunch
of white colonizers they they were
victims they got
colonized and I don't think they were
big on slave
ownership so why is everything going
white woke
in in Ireland What did the Irish
do doesn't matter as long as they're
white you need less of it apparently now
I'm exaggerating a little bit but it was
an interesting point if we can
understand why the wokeness in America
is driven by the bad behavior of white
people in
America but then the wokeness still
applies to a country where that argument
couldn't possibly make
sense then it tells you that the
argument in America probably is just
artificial
and that it really is
biological and it just has to do with
whatever group wants to be more in
charge let me tell you I have greatly
enjoyed growing up in a country where
people who look like me were the
majority for a while it made me feel
safer I feel safer in any group that
looks mostly like me just natural now
that would be the true for everybody I
think everybody would have that same
experience now I like diversity where I
live in California is wonderfully
diverse my neighborhood is wonderfully
diverse I love it it it actually is
terrific but literally it's terrific
um but you still feel if if everybody's
a stranger like if you didn't know him
you'd feel safer if everybody looked
like you it's just
biological so whatever is going on looks
to me more like people who are not
comfortable with a white majority and
they're trying to take down the white
people in any way that they can I don't
know that they necessarily
intellectualize it that way but I think
it's just such a
natural mammal impulse that you want
more things that look like you and fewer
things that look like something else so
that's probably what's
happening anyway um here's an
interesting thing Liz Harrington reminds
us that uh I've told you this story
before uh oh actually this is related to
the the overseas voting so at some point
uh there was a request in Pennsylvania
from a prior election to audit the
25,000 votes that came in from overseas
because remember Pennsylvania was really
close but there were 25,000 votes coming
from overseas and uh Pennsylvania some
people were asking to audit that because
that may have been the difference and
that may have been where all the
cheating was uh but that was uh stopped
who do you think uh oh of the 25,000
only 3,600 were military which means
again it was one of these weird places
where there was an unexplained large
number of non-military people overseas
who voted and didn't need any ID and
didn't have to prove that they were
citizens and didn't need an
address who do you think blocked
that remember I always tell you that if
you only know what the news is you don't
know
anything if you know the people and the
background of the people then maybe you
understand the news but if you don't
know about the people the story doesn't
make sense let me give you an example if
I just told you that Pennsylvania
blocked an audit of the overseas votes
from the prior election you'd say to
yourself oh well I'm sure they had the
reasons probably had their reasons okay
now I'm going to tell you who blocked
it it was then attorney general Josh
Shapiro he's the one who blocked
it lands differently now doesn't it so
the guy who blocked the audit was on the
short list to be
VP you know we always think we live in a
black male ocracy like everything is
based on who knows what about who you
know
Shapiro you could go places but not if
this audit happens you know what I mean
if the audit happens you might not be on
the short list if the audit does happen
you're going to be on the short list for
something really
good
so
yeah
um the butler rally as you know is
happening tonight I guess it's uh 5:00
p.m. eastern time and we believe that
Elon Musk is going to join now I don't
know uh what they've planned in terms of
where Elon will be fitting into the
proceedings but here's what I hope
happens fingers
crossed I want to see a SpaceX rocket
Landing in the field next to the rally
like Landing you know upright and then I
want to see Elon Musk get out of the
capsule and then go to the rally now I
know that's not possible but wouldn't it
be cool to show up in your own space
rocket it'd be very cool that's all I'm
saying it's not going to
happen maybe you could bring a robot
though just bring one robot come on Elon
you can do it bring us one
robot
anyway
um so I'd like to remind you about one
of my best predictions of all time now I
do this not only because I like to
brag which I do but because since my
show is largely about figuring out how
people think and work and then making
predictions it's important that I
revisit my predictions even if they're
wrong this one happened to be
right um I predicted that after Trump
lost in
2020 that every day from that point on
he would become more popular
so once he reached his you know depth of
unpopularity around January 6 I said
every day after that he would become
more
popular here he
is here he
is more
popular
so that that really was one of my best
predictions I predicted that if he lost
the Republicans would be
hunted I hate that that was right now
Democrats still think that's not true
because they don't get real news but
clearly Republicans have been haunted I
mean there's no doubt about that at this
point
anyway so um also uh the head of hamas's
military
Wing um has been killed in a targeted
attack by Israel so they took out the
head of the Hamas military Wing but also
his family at the same
time um it looks like he got him at
home
now I'm no
terrorist
Mastermind but I'm going to give a
little bit of advice for those who are
if you plan to be an international
terrorist or or even a local one like
amas don't work from home yeah don't
don't
telecommute if you're a terrorist
far better for you to go to work and
maybe maybe sleep in the office for
until the trouble goes over you don't
really want to go to work and manage
your terrorist International terrorist
gang and then go home to the family and
sit around the the dinner table and have
dinner you're going to blow up with your
family now how many times have we seen
these masterminds of international
terrorist groups
groups driving around with their
families I mean it makes sense that
people go home to their family but this
is the one time you really
shouldn't you really shouldn't go home
to your family if you're being hunted by
Israel it just seems like not loving
your family enough if you know what I
mean so I don't want to make jokes about
uh people's death but I will note that
when we get all uh we got all bent out
of shape because somebody's celebrating
some tragedy that happens in the United
States we're not better than
that we're not we we celebrate tragedies
that happen in other places if it's
somebody we don't like and unfortunately
that's just who humans are so I'm not
happy about it all right ladies and
gentlemen that completes my prepared
remarks I think you know that the dilber
calendar for 2025 is back after taking a
year off and now better than ever
because you have comics on the back the
Dilbert reborn and then the classic ones
on the front like they always were twice
as many comics and uh you can only get
it at the link at dilbert.com you cannot
get it in bookstores this time you used
to be able to you cannot get it on
Amazon this time the only place you can
get it is the one link that you'll find
on dilbert.com and then of course I've
reissued wind bigley um in time for the
election cuz if you want to figure out
how could Trump go from January 6 worst
of everything to back at the top of the
race this will tell you so this is about
uh persuasion in the context of the 2016
election which will tell you a lot about
what tools he's using in the the current
run and it will allow you to be more
powerful and effective in your own life
all right so get that that one's at
Amazon so you can get that at the normal
place um and only in I think it's only
on Amazon and maybe in one other
bookstore uh maybe at Barnes & Noble I
think so anyway uh I'm going to say bye
to X and Rumble and YouTube and I'm
going to talk to the uh subscribers on
locals privately thanks for joining you
are amazing and fun as always so locals
I'm coming at you in 30 seconds it'll
take a little bit time for that change
to
Happ
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e