[Music]
hey everybody come on in it's time for
positive thoughts while swaddling in a
soft blanket trying to feel good about
things I have not watched the tiger King
but I'm feeling like I just sort of have
to everybody's talking about maybe I'll
have to wait it into that
so yesterday I tweeted and I quote it's
too quiet today something big is coming
now I don't know if this was it but
today the president announced that he's
moving the military against the drug
trade from Venezuela
this is soon after he said that I think
they put a price on Medora of Venezuela
and it looks like they're trying pretty
hard to get him out of there now this is
sort of a twofer because number one I
could maybe slow down some drugs and
deny some drug money to the Medora
regime it's very uplifting because their
oil revenues down but the interesting
thing is so here's the good news here's
the good news
Venezuela and China were kind of big
trading partners until all that all the
stuff went down I guess so to the extent
that China could be pushed out of this
part of the world by by getting rid of
their toehold in Venezuela that could be
kind of good in the long run could be
kind of good so I'm kind of feeling
something is going to happen militarily
that might be bigger than just going
moving against the the drug trade I've
got a feeling that maybe this is all
about putting pressure on Maduro and
getting some military assets
a little bit too close if you know what
I mean because I think we're negotiating
with them it's always easier to
negotiate if you have your entire
military within shooting distance
yeah we're just in the neighborhood it's
about the drugs you know you don't have
anything to do with the drugs do we're
just after the drugs yeah we do have a
lot of warships here it's just about the
drugs so it seems that it's now
considered a fact you always have to be
careful about these things but I think
the news on both sides is now correct me
if I'm wrong considering it a fact that
China lied about their death tunnel
which mislead our experts about how
severe it was
which caused them not to raise the alarm
as loudly as they might have if they had
accurate information and it looks like
that's maybe the explanation for why we
got a lay start now you can always argue
we should have had more ventilators and
stuff like that and that's conversation
worth having but now that we know that
China absolutely screwed the world on
this by lying about how bad it was
and they haven't even stopped the
fentanyl trade how long has it been how
long ago was it that they promised oh
yeah we'll take care of that fentanyl
stuff so you know it took me a long time
to come around to the the idea that
China's government was intentionally
doing things to kill Americans but I
don't know what they're thinking but the
effect of it is a lot of damn Americans
so I'm pretty sure that at the end of
this there's going to be a serious
reckoning I think the president's smart
and you know downplaying it at the
moment because he wants to sell some
food sell some of foreign products to
China so you know presidents in a tough
place but I think in the long run
China's got a lot to answer for
now I promise you I would answer some
questions and I will
David Angeles do you think Joe do you
think Joe Biden will get to the finish
line in October or November and the
answer is um I don't think so but you
know you can only put the odds on these
things so anybody says yes or no is is
just kidding you but if I had to put the
odds on it of Joe Biden actually being a
candidate and being the candidate and
still being in the race on Election Day
25% maybe that's a healthy odds maybe
40%
I'll give it 40% that he's still in the
race for any variety of reasons that
could change all right everything we
knew as normal is over well that's not
true government I don't know I don't
know about that I think that there will
be some things that change a lot and
other things that improve a lot some
things get worse it'll be different but
I you know 85% of life is going to be
exactly the same
Rebecca says tell us more stories during
our night time swaddling story time well
I'm glad you asked Rebecca because I'm
full of stories what kind of stories
would you like the funny kind the
embarrassing kind I use the story that a
friend told me now this requires you to
know what day oh I probably told this I
think I don't listen before I don't want
to give you the same stories so let me
let me tell you one of my first jobs I
was working on that my uncle's farm so
my uncle had a dairy farm and it was
sort of walking distance if he didn't
mind the long walk and so but my
siblings and I would would work there
mostly my brother and I and we would do
every bad farm job you could do
I mean literally shoveling manure and
you know getting the hay and in the
fields and piling hay bales and milking
cows and cleaning the air cleaning
everything basically so and all these
terrible terrible jobs but one of the
jobs was that you had to get the cows
that's what we call it it was just
called getting the cows and what it
meant was that during the day the cows
would be left at let out of the barn and
there was a several hundred acres that
my uncle had and it was you know forest
and open parts and swamp and stuff it
was pretty big and so the 40 or so cows
I think probably around 40 would go out
into the to the forest and they would
mostly hang around within sight of each
other because their cows cows and sort
of have a herd instinct so they they
tend to be not too far away from each
other and so the process of going and
getting them and gathering them up and
hurting them back to the barn and across
the street was something that everybody
who worked at the farm had to learn it
was it would be your turn eventually to
go get the cows now this was easier than
you think because there would be a
trained cow and the dog would actually
do all the work so the dog would learn
from other dogs and I say you teach a
cow dog the way you teach a cow dog had
it heard dogs and get him back at night
and stuff is you just introduced a puppy
yeah I think some breeds are better than
others but he just introduced a puppy to
a situation where there's already a
trained dog and the older dog just
teaches it to herd cows it's kind of an
amazing process so anyway we had a
trained trained cow and it was my turn
for 25 cents which was the payment for
this task I had to take my trained dog
and a stick because you had to hit the
cows often to get their attention it's
not as bad as it sounds usually that the
sticks were sort of switches you know a
little bendy bendy ones and cows are
literally made of leather
so you you can hit him pretty hard
before they'll even look at you like you
you could hit a cow like really hard and
the cat will just be eating grass it'll
be like I I feel like there's a fly on
my back or something so so I have my
little stick in my cow dog and my 25
cents and I went out to get the cows and
and you have to know there was like
before a little bit before dark so I go
out there and I I'm trying to sort of
get around behind the you know the cows
and the dog goes the other way and
pretty soon as I've lost the dog so now
not only if I now found the cows you
know I haven't gotten any cows back and
they seem to be like dispersing like
they've lost all of their cow instincts
suddenly instead of hurting up and just
sort of automatically going back to the
barn as they've done every day of their
life they decided when they saw me to
just sort of separate and they just
started dissolving into different parts
of the the swamp and the forest and so
I'm like oh my god yeah I've lost the
dog I'm losing all the cows so I'm like
going deeper and deeper into the swamp
to try to sort of get around them
because I think well if I get a few cows
moving usually that's how actually you
get a few cows moving in the right
direction and then the other cows their
herd instinct kicks in they're like Lulu
can't let's go in that direction I guess
I'm going that way and they'll just
start going but I couldn't get behind
the cows and then it's getting dark and
now I'm lost and I'm gonna know which
direction is the cows so now I'm in the
middle of the swamp
I have no cow dog I've lost all 40 cows
and it's dark and I don't know which
direction is home this is before cell
phone so she could imagine and so I'm
like oh well I guess I'm gonna be
sleeping in the swamp or I'm dead or
something so eventually I hear Scott
Scott and it was my uncle who ran the
farm and maybe my brother was somebody
else was with him and they called out to
me and I called back and they they found
me with her flashlights and took me back
to say
but they're taking you back and I'm
feeling really bad because I didn't get
any cows and I lost the dog in the
forest so I'm like ah I II we can't go
back yet I don't know what to do
I've lost all the cows and I've even
lost the dog too and my uncle said oh no
the the dog took the cows back to the
barn an hour ago I got completely lost
in the swamp and the dog just took care
of it so the dog just went and rounded
up all the cows took him back to the
barn because that's what the dog does
that was the dogs job the dog wasn't it
wasn't the dogs job to follow me around
the dog had a they had a job description
took care of business true story so what
are some more stories oh I got lots of
stories you know I do one day by my
grandfather who was my uncle's father
and that same farm was working in the
field and he thought he heard something
it turns around this is an upstate New
York on a dairy farm it turns around and
there's an elephant standing behind it
was like an actual live elephant
standing behind him in his own field on
the farm yeah as it turns out that a few
a few farms down the road was a company
that would train elephants so they
trained elephants for various circuses
and their their main elephant and it's a
name I forget some circusy they've got
away they're just like what for a stroll
so so my my grandfather was just like
you know working on the farm and turns
around there was an elephant so it
wasn't wasn't much of a punch line to
that story but but you know your
standards are low let's face it if
you're listening to this
you have low standards honey shrooms you
you see one here my taking mushrooms
story I know you do
alright so I told this story before only
once have I ever done a loosen the gents
and it was mushrooms it was I when I
just got into college and came to San
Francisco and there was somebody I knew
from college I won't give you too many
details but she and I decided to try
some mushrooms now normally of course I
wouldn't do that because I wouldn't you
know how much do you take and do you go
crazy and the oh so dangerous but she
had done some from the same bag the day
before was some other people so if you
knew how much to do and she knew that
this you know this particular bag was
really what it was supposed to be so
some of the main questions of risk were
answered just because it was a known
quantity so she talked me into it and so
and so I gagged a few down and my god
they taste terrible
I knew that they really taste terrible
and we decided that we would just take
the streetcar the Jade Church streetcar
to the beach and we would just watch the
sunset and that was our plan and pretty
much my whole life changed that night
and the reason that my life changed is
that was my first distinct experience of
a different reality that still worked
and it's the the fact that it still
worked was the part that changes you
forever because you would you would see
your reality like you had never seen it
before like it was brand new so every
part of it from your your hand to the
cars to the trees were just brand new
like you were visiting another planet
and seeing things for the first time but
you still do what they were they had to
use them so you could navigate your
world just perfectly now you know you
wouldn't want to drive my car or
something like that
but in terms of you're just you know
existing and going and having a snack
and walking around the block and stuff
you could do all that stuff
but you are in a completely different
world and in what you get from that that
you keep forever
is the idea that your reality there may
be some base objective reality but it's
not it's not available to you if there
is an objective real base reality the
odds that you can perceive it are low
because we know that people could have
completely different movies in their
minds and they all work you can believe
that Trump is a monster somebody else
can believe he's the savior and you can
both by totally a paper on a good day
but maybe not lately so we went to the
beach and every time somebody got on the
streetcar I remember thinking it was the
most entertaining thing I had ever seen
because people's faces are so different
yeah from from one to the other that
everyone was just like a marvel and like
I just couldn't stop looking at them
just the way their faces look went to
the beach and it may have been the best
sunset of all time or it could have been
an average sunset and I was really in
the mood for it but the the other thing
I learned is just how good you can feel
because I had never felt that good
before or even close the the amount of
good you feel under those conditions is
so good it doesn't map to any other
experience it's a it's a sort of a
multiple of the best thing you've ever
felt but I've had only a passing
interest in doing it again because it
does feel like the sort of thing that
once you've done it you don't need to do
it if you know what I mean so once
you've seen behind the door you already
behind the curtain let's say you know
once once you've looked behind the
curtain you don't need to look a second
time because you've already seen what's
back there and what's back there is that
reality is far more subjective than our
normal experience would suggest
so there's that you see what other
questions you got thoughts about what
the general said today well you the
general was very persuasive if you saw
the press conference I thought he was
good at being the general you know who
knows what's gonna happen there it's so
early that nobody knows really what's
going to happen did you ever finish
watching a star was born I did not and
and for those of you know the the newest
version of a star is born with Lady gaga
and Bradley Cooper the reason I didn't
watch it the rest of it is that the
first part of the movie was so perfect I
didn't want to ruin it the movie was
that good that I couldn't watch the
second part because the first part was
just too perfect I mean I liked it that
much I've never had that experience
before where I didn't want to ruin the
movie but I watched it the rest of it
because let's face it movies movies do
sort of peter out after a while you know
they're they're a little longer than
they need to be I wanted you to see this
it must be an old comic from oh yeah
from way back interesting all right how
would you make writing a book into a
system it seems very goal-oriented well
that's a very good question
Rollie pollie and here's your answer if
you tried to do something as big as
write a book take it from someone who
has written 11 books or whatever it is
I've lost count every time it seems
impossible every time I'm ready to write
a book that you know on day one do you
think how many words on a page how many
pages do I have to write how many times
am I gonna have to rewrite this how many
chapters am I gonna throw away
completely and just start over and if
you if you play with the enormity of it
you just can't start it will just stun
you into submission but there's this
weird thing that happens when you start
just working out it in little chunks
yeah if you can get going
that they suddenly start adding up
because you know time flies which is bad
when you're trying to enjoy yourself but
it's good when you're doing something
unpleasant like trying to finish writing
a book so you can get to the end of that
nine months or however long it's going
to take you to do it that nine months
just sort of always goes fast it's just
the way of the world now everything goes
fast so that what I would say is the
main thing is to take the smallest
smallest increment and then just do that
and for me the smallest increment in the
way I always start as I just open a
blank page and I start writing titles
you know this title this title this
title this title an author a bunch of
titles then I'll delete the ones I don't
like you know and they'll get down to
what I'll call a working title and the
working title is what I need to make
sure that everything I write can be tied
back to that in some logical way so I'm
not straining to make the title make
sense but I almost always change the
title so it's I don't know how many
times well I don't know if it's always
but often I'll have a working title for
quite a long time and then I'll change
it at some point and my maybe my
publisher and editor look at it and they
say let's run this by the salespeople
then the salespeople say you know this
word would be better than that word so
it tends to be an iterative process so
start start with a title and then start
writing your first sentence and your
first sentence should be the sentence
you rewrite the most so there'll be lots
of sentences in your book they write and
rewrite and rewrite and rewrite that's
normal but the first sentence if you're
doing if you're doing it right will be
the one you rewrite the most if you
write a good first sentence and you just
look at it and that's the one that you
you end up with when you're done with
the book you probably have a bad book I
realize that's harsh but that first
sentence has to just do a lot of work
because it's the first impression the
first sentence tells people if how
they're going to feel for the rest of
the book and you can kind of tell
you know if you spend any time writing
reading books pick up any book read the
first sentence you kinda know how it's
gonna go don't you I mean it's that
important you can be a little sloppy
later on when people have a sense of
what the book is and they've decided if
they liked it but that first sentence
you got to rewrite that a lot so rolie
polie
I would say try for a working title open
up a document try writing a few opening
sentences and think in terms of
rewriting the opening sentence twenty to
fifty times and and you might actually
have one you like write several chapters
and then still go back and change it
twelve 15 more times that's very typical
for me anyway now everybody has a
different process so that that has more
to do with my specific process now you
know I've told you that I studied
persuasion for decades as as part of
honing my writing talent and that's a
perfect example because what a a writer
would maybe not obsess about as much is
that first sentence but I would obsess
about it because I know the importance
of the first impressions something you
learned with persuasion that you might
now learn with writing so much hypnotize
you okay I'm going to hypnotize you but
I'm not going to put you in a trance and
it goes like this
I know you're wondering if I can but
part of the reason that you watch these
periscopes is you think that I can do
some things that other people can't do
and as you're listening to me you're
wondering can you actually do that can
he put a suggestion in my mind that will
actually change my programming and the
answer is yes I'm actually trained to do
that I've been doing it for decades it's
easy and all I really
wires is that you be open to it so if I
were to suggest something that you
didn't want wouldn't work at all because
you wouldn't be open to it and that's
the most important requirement but I
suppose I suggested that you had an
unusually good night's sleep tonight how
many of you would object to the idea no
strings attached to simply having a
really good sleep tonight how would you
feel if as you're drifting off tonight
you remember that I told you that you
would and it starts making you even
sleepier because you're thinking isn't
working I can't tell if I'm sleepy
because I was sleepy or I'm sleepy
because the cartoonist who was also a
hypnotist told me that I was and then
you're gonna be starting to think am I
doing this on my own or is it because he
suggested it and that you didn't
remember my voice exactly the way you
hear right now and you're gonna hear my
voice and you're gonna hear my
confidence and you're gonna hear me tell
you that suggestions when you're open to
them always were and you are open to
them because you like to have a good
night's sleep you always feel better
when you do and you associate that good
night's sleep now with my voice and the
suggestion that you're gonna have an
amazing amazing night of sleep one of
your best and if you don't have the best
sleep tonight you might notice that it
happens tomorrow it could be the night
after and you might notice that it's
just the average that starts to improve
so some of you will start right away
with an incredible night's sleep the
really refreshing kind with either no
dreams that you remember or the good
kind and you're gonna feel refreshed and
relaxed when you wake up and you're
going to wake up and you're gonna think
to yourself
I feel good today that doesn't look
normal and then you're gonna think about
the suggestion that I'm giving you
and you're gonna say damn it is that why
and the more you think about the fact
that I suggested it and the more you
realize that it could be a coincidence
but you would notice that you can sleep
better in the future is that a
coincidence
and as you associate your ability to
sleep better with your memory of my
voice as you hear it right now you'll be
able to replay my voice in your mind
almost perfectly and in fact if you
wanted to feel it right now in a way
that you could remember I'm gonna count
to 20 and when I reach 20 only if you
want to those are you don't want to
experience this can just observe but if
you wanted to you could close your eyes
right now and just listen and you can
listen to me account to 20 and you would
find that there's something about my
voice something about my cadence the way
I talk that makes you more relaxed as I
count up from 1 to 20 and as I count
you'll find yourself getting deeper and
deeper and more relaxed and with each
count
you'll go deeper but if I were to
reverse the count from 20 back toward 1
temporarily or permanently you would
start to feel leslie be more awake but
if i were to reverse it again and count
back to 20 it would be much more
profound and you would go deeper more
quickly and so now you can feel yourself
relaxed make sure that your feet are
flat on the ground or your propped up so
that you can you can support yourself
without using any muscles and
since my voice as you go deeper one
going deeper um two going deeper three
four five going deeper now more relaxed
feel your arms having your legs heavy
all your muscles one at a time as you
think about them around your body each
of them relaxing think of the muscle and
it relaxes
thank you for your nose neck muscles and
they relax seven doesn't matter if I
skip a number nine getting deeper ten
going deeper and more relaxed listen to
my voice and play it back when you want
to relax in the future eleven twelve
going deeper and now I'm going back the
other way you'll be a little bit more
awake ten nine eight seven you feel
yourself waking up a little bit
six and now back it feels better to go
this way doesn't it seven more relaxed
much deeper this time each time you go
toward twenty you get deeper than the
last time nine going deeper ten eleven
going deeper thirteen deeper now twice
as deep 15 twice as deep again sixteen
seventeen eighteen now very deep very
relaxed feeling very good almost
floating eighteen nineteen twenty
completely relaxed and going even
further 21 and now very very relaxed 22
and you'll be able to count yourself
into this relaxed state just by
listening to my voice in your head and
playing it back and if you want to take
yourself out of the state well you could
just wake up anytime you wanted feeling
refreshed or you could hear me counting
you back as I will do now so from your
totally relaxed state twenty nineteen
eighteen starting to get a little bit
more awake now
sixty and fifteen starting to wake up
twelve nine eight starting to wake up
six seven it's gonna feel great when you
when you come out of it five four almost
completely awake now three to shake your
muscles one totally awake and feeling
better than you thought you could feel
surprisingly better in such a short
amount of time and now tonight when you
go to relax and you close your eyes and
all the weight of the day is off of you
you'll hear my voice and you'll count to
20 in my voice and you'll drift off to
sleep and that is my little gift for you
today
and I will see you in the morning you
know when 10:00 a.m. Eastern 7:00 a.m.
Pacific for the simultaneous OOP
goodnight