oh well look at all of
you what a heck of
a good day this is going to
be yes I did start the pre-show an hour
early because I can't tell time I woke
up at 3:00 a.m. this morning just
couldn't figure out what time it was all
morning but I think this is the real
time for the show right I think
so so as soon as I get your com that's
live
here we're going to
[Music]
go good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and I'm
pretty sure you've never had a better
time but if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains all you need for that is a copper
mug or glass a tankered CH or Stein a
canteen Jugger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine head of
the day the thing that gives you a
little bit of oxytocin that you didn't
even earn it's called the simultaneous
zp and it happens
now oh
delicious well there's a new study that
says that cold plunges are not actually
helpful after all and it's really just a
way to make you torture
yourself uh and take pictures that you
can put on social
media now I don't know if that's true
but NBC news says according to the
American physiological Society warm
water water is better for
you so ice is good for
injuries and it's good for showing off
how much uh how much cold you can
take that's not that good for you
however I would add this
caveat when science does not agree with
personal experience which one do you
trust it's a tough one based on personal
anecdotal experience of me watching
other people because there's no way in
hell I'm going to get in a big big there
there's not the slightest chance in the
world I would ever get in a bunch of ice
water and sit
there literally nothing could make me do
that uh but the people who do do it they
they report that their rest of their day
is much more
awesome so if you were to just look at
the psychological you know mental
aspects of it
I suspect you would have a different
opinion so I I'm guessing that the
psychological part of it you know just
really getting your getting your body
going is probably pretty
amazing however I think I will stick to
my hot bass and uh hot
water here's a little this sounds like a
little thing that might be a big thing
so there's according to S news
researchers found a way to convert CO2
into methane in a really efficient way
they've got this special nickel-based
Catalyst um now imagine that imagine if
you could you could get essentially
energy just out of the
air because apparently this is a big
enough breakthrough that it would really
make it
economical uh without a lot of equipment
and expense to actually convert CO2
which is everywhere in air into methane
which you could then use as power
source now that's pretty
cool um again uh for the
NPCs special note for the NPCs if you're
a player you don't need to listen to
this but if the NPC is oh no the nickel
catalyst is going to take all the CO2
out of the air and then our plants will
die don't they know our plants will die
doesn't anybody know this CO2 is plant
food and all the plants are going to die
all right I just have to say that for
any story about pulling CO2 out of the
air they're not
wrong um now also University of
Wisconsin Madison they've got this new
uh new way to store energy rather than
having lithium
batteries they've got some kind of
bromide based aquous flow batteries
promising
that's right bromide based so if you're
a
bro now that's probably not what bromide
is about but uh the current way that
they use this technology isn't really as
efficient as it needs to be but it turns
out they've made some developments in
the non-lithium batteries that would
make them not Burst Into
Fire um because lithium always has that
risk and they would last a long time so
it might be a way to store energy in the
Grid in a way that lithium maybe is not
so good for so that's a big
deal and how about this scientists
according to no Ridge they' created a
durable coating to to boost their parav
solar
cells so that's not the normal kind
normally the solar cells are silicon but
there's this other kind that they don't
use much because it doesn't last very
long it wears out or something but now
they've got this special protective
coding to make it last a long time which
could make the cost of solar come way
[Music]
down so the these are all the things
that are just sort of in Laboratories
and stuff um here's another one this one
is the coolest one I think uh Rice
University according to the Science Blog
quantum physics being used to convert
industrial heat into electricity did you
know that there is a device that can
turn
heat into
light and then when it's light they can
use um solar devices to turn it into
electricity so there's some big
breakthrough
here um the Breakthrough centers on
improving the thermo photovoltaic
systems which transforms heat into
electricity through
light and they've got uh efficiency
levels above
60% and they're it's within the
practical zone so that's pretty cool
imagine turning heat into light and then
into electricity H pretty
cool
um so I would say that at this point
we're we're on the cusp where you could
pull your water out of the air so I have
I literally I have a device in my
kitchen that I haven't taken out of the
box yet that uh we'll just take water
out of the air so presumably it would be
cleaner than the water I would get out
of my swimming pool if there was a
problem um so then what if you could
take your CO2 out of the
air and turn it into energy what if you
can uh make these gigantic breakthroughs
in batteries and solar and solar Vol
voltaics photo
voltaics uh you can get all of your
energy out of the air and all of your
water out of the
air the only thing you'd need to live
off the grid then would be some way to
you know get rid of get rid of your
waste and your sewage problems but I
feel like that's coming living off the
grid it's almost here did you know
according to international business
times that uh and Mark Moore's writing
about this almost 10% of South Korea's
Workforce is a
robot I don't know why they call it the
workforce but uh Factory robots are
about 10% of South Korea's work force
that's the
most but apparently uh China is trying
to catch up they got a bunch of robots
Germany and Japan uh but South Korea is
leading with the most they've got a
thousand robots per 10,000 employees wow
China's got 470 robots for 10,000
employees now here's the problem
in the United States if we replace
employees with robots then we can be
competitive with China actually more
than competitive because they might be
using robots too and they pay you know
they cost the same there as here but we
don't have to do the shipping you
wouldn't have to worry about any of the
international problems you just do it
locally
so uh robots are good for America but
wouldn't robots completely d
China because their economy depends on
having gazillion people working in
factories but if they replace them with
robots what exactly are the other people
going to be doing in the United States
we've already replaced most of those
workers so you know we're in a whole
different situation I mean we have our
own problems
obviously well according to the
marijuana Herald which I'm guessing is
some kind of publication
uh marijuana and THC improve working
memory in aging uh in aging uh people
well it's an animal study actually so
they're trying to generalize this to to
uh people but I think that's a
stretch um so helps the working uh
memory
maybe I don't believe this one one
bit I I would say that uh probably not
probably
not what model predicted all of this
that's true my book The dilber
Future according to cpost a single dose
of
psilocybin can boost uh optimism in
animals so again
animals are lucky can you imagine being
a lab rat and you find out you're a lab
rat you're like what what why are we in
this cage what's going on and the other
rats say ah we're Lab Rats they're gonna
they're going to experiment on us and
then you say is that bad oh God it's bad
they're going to they're going to rip
our bodies up and they're going to
diagnose our brains and it's going to be
horrible and then you find out that
you're one of the siloc ibin
rats all right rat we're going to give
you
this this mood enhancing drug and we
want to see if you act a little more
optimistically
and the rats are like well you don't
have to tell me twice you're going to
give me excellent drugs if I just act
optimistically I'm feeling optimistic
already because I'm looking at my cousin
over there and he's being torn apart by
the other experiments but I'm just
getting these good psilocybin
drugs the luckiest rats in the
world well the Daniel peny Defense
arested that's the case of the Daniel
penny the guy who uh accidentally may
have been involved in the death of or
maybe not the death of somebody he
restrained on a on a
subway um Penny did not testify in his
own
defense probably the best play um
because it sounds like the people who
did defend defend him sounds like they
did the job now I'm going to say this
again this Daniel Penny thing really
matters to me
now of course you know is is not just
because he might be unfairly
jailed but because he sort of
represents something way bigger than the
details of his trial this this is the
question
of can we get Justice in the United
States when race is
involved and I think the answer is no I
don't think so now you could say me but
Scott you know for hundreds of years it
was opposite if you were black you could
not get Justice in the in the justice
system and maybe it's still a little bit
true now sure I'm not not doubting that
but the Daniel Penny thing is also
racially based you know and so the
question is can we get Justice when race
is an important part of the
question so far the answer seems to be
no but we are entering the the Golden
Age it does seem like the entire
civilization just decided to be
different one day so I'm still
optimistic U more optimistic than a lab
brat on silos
cybin that he's going to be completely
found
innocent but I got to say again if he's
not I feel like it requires a a public
response
not violence of course obviously
but I don't think we can let that
stand because it's just so obvious that
he should not go to jail just super
super obvious if it were not obvious I'd
say well you know you the jury heard
more evidence than I did but I'm sorry I
heard
plenty I don't really need any extra
details on this one he needs to go
free so we'll see what
happens I
uh I had the notion to ask the following
question on X and you got to see the
answers it's mindblowing I asked people
on X how many people had made money
recently because of something they heard
me say you know either on X or on live
stream it turns out there's a lot of
people who made a lot of money by
listening to me now in some cases they
said they learned how to build their
talent stack they got a big raise or a
better job some cases they use systems
over goals and they got them big raises
and you know started businesses of their
own and uh sometimes even though I I
told you please do not take my financial
advice for investment many of you did
anyway and bought Tesla stock a few
months ago you're pretty happy about it
so a number of people invested in
nuclear entities and Tesla and uh some
cases Bitcoin and at the moment we all
look like Geniuses if we have any of
those of course I could change in a
moment but uh you really need to look at
the comments on
that because if you look at the comments
you're going to see that a huge number
of people have just completely changed
their lives because they heard something
that worked for him now I'm not the only
person in the world saying useful things
right there there there are plenty of
people doing this but it seems to me
that some of the best education today is
just coming from podcasts you know the
number of people who are just trying to
help you and know something you don't
know and they put it on a podcast and
then you get
smarter really the podcasts are have
almost become some kind of replacement
in
college but a lot of people made money
from uh something I said online
um which made me ask this question I
feel like this service needs to exist so
we've got all these AI companies
training on you know stuff that's on
social media and then the New York Times
complains hey you took my proprietary
information and built it into your AI
That's not fair I feel like there should
be some kind of a agency or or a a
clearing
house where people like me could say hey
does any body who has an AI business
want to take everything I've ever done
and then license it for training now not
exclusively although that would be an
option uh you know exclusively would be
wildly expensive but why wouldn't people
want to make sure that they were
legal now here's the reason that I
suggest doing this with me so I saw
somebody in the comments with a who had
some mental problems saying that I must
be full of ego for asking if people made
money for my advice but also for
suggesting that maybe I could maybe AI
would want to incorporate my material
well these are related
thoughts if it's true that listening to
me makes you
richer and you can look at the comments
yourself it's a lot of people who say
I'm making them richer and a number of
people say I've helped them lose weight
quit drinking um get better jobs better
social lives get married cure
diseases people have learned how to do
creative stuff learned how to write for
me so given that I've spent the last I
don't know 20 years of my life or so
trying to figure out how to tell people
to do things more effectively if you
were to train your AI on me and then say
hey do you want some advice from this
character now don't you think there
should also be a Jordan Peterson Ai and
that he should be able to take all of
his great advice and say why don't I
licenses to you and then anytime you
somebody wants to turn on the Jordan
Peterson uh Vibe it might even be his
voice he could give you the advice that
Jordan Peterson would probably give you
I think that's a good idea so but
there's there's no market for it there
there needs to be some kind of agency or
Market for it I'm surprised that CAA
isn't doing that or the agents it seems
like the agencies that are promoting
like living uh
Stars should be also packaging up their
entities and Licensing them you know
shouldn't shouldn't you be able to take
all of the I don't know Tom Cruz movies
and then train on it in case you want to
make your own movie someday so there's a
market that needs to be created
we'll wait for that so Trump has new uh
treasury secretary treasury
secretary um his name is Scott right
bessent and uh he's considered a uh safe
sort of business as usual guy that's
according to Elon Musk um so I don't
know I think Elon Musk wanted somebody
else but this one's seems safe so if the
if the market wants a safe pick that is
also uh going to be Pro Trump looks like
they got one so I think that won't be
too much of a problem uh Matt Gates is
starting to talk about what his future
would look like but he's only leaving um
yeah he's a hedge fund billionaire
investor guy bessent is so he seems to
have all the right
skills yeah yeah if you noticed there
are a lot lot of people named Scott in
the news this
year right Scott Jenning Scott bessent
there's just a lot of Scots lately too
many anyway Matt Gates says he's not
going away and uh we don't know what
he's going to do yet but he's definitely
not going to go back into government
right away so he's not going to people
speculated as I did that he might
cleverly say aha I only quit from my
last term I didn't really resign from my
upcoming term that I already won Scott
Pressler too right Scott Galloway right
I'm not wrong that the name Scott is
just all over the place this
year I've never seen so many Scots kind
of break through at the same time it's
something weird about that anyway I I
think Matt Gates is signaling that he's
going to do something in the
private sphere and my guess would be
something in the media Zone I think I
think he's just so good with the verbal
stuff and he understands government he's
been there he's been behind the curtain
Etc I'd be amazed if he doesn't come up
with some show on rumble or something
like that so my guess is that he would
be part of some uh pretty professional
platform that may exist or may be
created for his benefit um I did see
didn't Rumble recently have an
announcement that there was going to be
a major addition to their platform a
major
Talent could it be that the major talent
coming to rumble is Matt Gates because
that would make sense right so we'll
see over on
CNN legal analyst Eli honig um he thinks
that Pam Bondi is a is a qualified very
qualified with an a question question to
be attorney
general and points out she's been a
prosecutor for 20 years in Florida and
eight of those she was attorney general
and it's a big complicated job so um she
she's on par better than most of the
people appointed to that job in the last
50 years now here's what I appreciate
about Eli honig on
CNN this isn't the first time that he
said what is is true when he could have
said what was
propaganda cuz you know if you watch
CNN sometimes people say what's true and
obvious and sometimes it's just wild
propaganda but
honing consistently so I'm giving him
this just a compliment to honik um I I
watch him quite often and I don't see
him doing
propaganda he he seems very assistant to
actually just stick with you know what
you see and what You observe and how to
interpret that in a logical way so
that's just a shout out every time I see
somebody being honest on TV I think it's
worth a mention
right but one of the uh uh attacks on
Pam Bondi is apparently she said um she
said on video she said publicly that it
might be time to investigate Trump's
investigators
so in other words the attorneys who are
going after Trump with all the lawfare
she thinks maybe they need to be
investigated because they were not doing
it for all the right to legal reasons
maybe it was just pure lawfare do you
know what I say about that
yes yes I I think it would be highly
unusual and in almost any other
situation no matter whether the parties
were reversed or not I would be opposed
to it
right on any normal situation I would
say are you really kidding me you're
going to investigate the lawyers who are
just doing their lawyer job somebody
hired them to do a lawyer job and now
you can investigate them just for doing
their job that's completely an a line
except even as a private citizen you can
see that the law far is an a control and
I do think that they need to explain
their reasoning now my first thought was
if you get rid of the bosses you're fine
if you get rid of Jack Smith you know
maybe that's the problem but then you've
got all these other people who willingly
decided that working for Jack Smith on
this
project was how they wanted to make
money and I say to myself if you were
qualified enough to get that kind of a
job you know such a high profile job
you're probably qualified to get a lot
of different jobs in the private sector
and the public sector as well why would
you pick that
one that's a question I think has to be
answered because I don't think anybody
who was working for Jack Smith believed
they were doing what was good for the
world I can't read Min so maybe they did
it's possible but it doesn't seem like
it from the outside it looks like they
all knew exactly what they were doing
and it wasn't anything that they should
have been doing so
I don't know that anybody did anything
illegal yeah let let me let me clarify
I'm seeing the comments here I think
you're asking for a clarification and I
want to make that if they didn't do
anything
illegal then of course they should not
be you know bothered or you they
shouldn't be charged with anything of
course I don't want them to go broke
defending themselves if they just were
doing their job but I don't know I'd
take a look
I I would at least want to look at the
maybe look at their
correspondence and see if they were just
doing their jobs because it didn't look
like it to me and I think we need to
have some trust in the
doj so I'm I'm not opposed to looking
into that a little more deeply all right
uh you've probably heard that Comcast is
looking to spin off CNBC and MSNBC
because they're apparently not working
too well with the Comcast
entity and brand not making money MSNBC
in particular just took a dump after the
election and uh so there's stories about
you know maybe they're they're going to
sell it and Elon Musk asks on ask uh in
response to that how much does it
cost now what are the odds that the
richest man in the world would also be
the best
troll it doesn't seem like those could
both happen and and I'm going to call
 on Elon Musk being on the
Spectrum CU I've never known anybody on
the Spectrum who had a sense of humor
and you know this much capability with
memes and communication and posting
things is that a thing can you be on the
Spectrum and be this funny are are there
stand-up comedians who are on the
Spectrum there might be probably are
actually
anyway so I I don't know his brain
doesn't work like the rest of us that's
obvious but it feels like an
oversimplification to put them on the
Spectrum yeah it feels like there's
something going on that's
extra but I don't know if it's
that so anyway Joe Rogan jumped in he
said uh also an x uh he said to musk if
you buy MSNBC I would like Rachel
maddow's job I will wear the same outfit
in glasses and I will tell the same
lies and of course Elon said yes now how
serious is
this what do you think it sells
for because there there is some sale
price at which it would be crazy not to
buy it right imagine if Trump I'm sorry
not Trump imagine if uh let's say the
sale price is I'll just pick a number
$50
million or $100
million couldn't Elon Musk buy that and
then just got it and put in you know
real people that he wants to put there
and and turn it into a money-making
thing because look how well MSNBC would
combine with
x the answer is really really
well imagine if you had the MSNBC
content and Studios but you've changed
an the host so that they're not all
propagandas and you make sure that you
show both sides hey how about that how
about making sure you showed both sides
but without the
propaganda now imagine how much content
that creates all day long and then
imagine that being clipped and put on X
all day long so that every topic you
wanted to know about there if it's in
the news news there would be an MSNBC
clip except unlike the propaganda
brainwashing that it is now you
would guarantee that all your Clips
showed both sides or or even if it was
one side somebody would put the other
side in the in you know the comments
you'd always see it that that's a really
powerful combination so I think U musk
also pointed out that the uh um the most
entertaining outcome he said especially
if ironic is most likely
you know I'm having a uh a real um
mental breakdown over
that that I'm trying to solve and I
can't tell if I'm
crazy can anybody
remember if in the 2016 election
cycle did I say that the most
entertaining outcome is the one most
likely because I feel like I was the
first person to say it and it was based
on the
you know the fact that things seem to
follow this three act play all the time
but when I search for it it's you know
um on uh so a lot of you are saying yes
and and do you remember during the
2016 ER right because if you do a search
you can see that Elon says it around 20
somewhere in the 2020s 2021 or 20 or 22
something like that but i' never heard
it before I said it I never heard it
from
anybody all right so I'm seeing uh the
people on locals are the people who
followed me the longest are
subscribers so there's a massive number
of them who were saying yes for
sure that I was the first person to say
that
huh all right so I don't know if there's
any connection I mean um I so I don't
know if I said it before Elon said it
though that's the part I don't
[Music]
know and I said it soon after switching
from blogging to video well that would
be around
2016
yeah um and uh I'm seeing that uh Greg
geld also said
it
h oh
oh my
goodness oh my goodness I wish I could
tell you what I'm thinking right now but
one of you just solved a really big
problem for
me that's why I love the comments I I
had a I I had a problem that was
unrelated to anything I'm talking about
and something went by that was just oh
that solves that solves like a gigantic
problem of mine thank you
anyway we'll see what happens um
meanwhile on The View Sunny host or
hoston I don't know how you say it she
she had to read yet another legal
notice so it sounds like I'm telling you
a story you've already heard but it's a
it happened again so for the second time
uh they had to take a break you know
from their normal show stuff and she had
to read a
statement
um that uh basically said there's no
charges against you know P Heth and I
think something else about one of the
other nominees Gates maybe so apparently
ABC is so concerned about the stuff
they're saying that's just not true that
uh that they have to lead read legal
notices so you know that they're
Liars you realize what this is doing to
sunny hoston right it's making her
confess that she is a propagandist
because otherwise she wouldn't need to
read these
notices now that's my interpretation of
it of course it's my
opinion anyway um it's almost as if ABC
management is trying to humiliate her
out of her
job which would be a good play by the
way because she's not helping you
ABC so if I could give some advice
ABC yeah she's not helping you you at
all she's so far over the line into I
don't know mental illness and propaganda
and brainwashing that it's not helping
anybody there's nobody who's better off
in fact I would say it hurts Democrats
because imagine you're a
Democrat and you're you're turning on
this program and you're watching MSNBC
and you start thinking everybody thinks
like me yay let's let's keep doing these
things because everybody thinks like me
I keep seeing it when I turn on the TV
but then you find out no it's only the
people who probably shouldn't even have
a show who were agreeing with you on
TV what are we looking at
here
um okay I don't know what that's about
just seeing some comments that look
weird all right we're seeing uh when ask
first said about the most entertaining
outcome somebody did a search on
it uh doesn't show the year though you
did a search without showing the
year the year is the important part all
right
um
so let's see what else we got going on
um so it looks like the New York judge
Muran is going to Grant Trump's um the
right to file a motion to dismiss
charges now the judge um indefinitely
postponed um the uh the
sentencing now that's because he's a
sitting president so the doj doesn't
like to mess with sitting presidents but
wouldn't it be better if they went away
instead of just being postponed and so
if Trump's if Trump's people are allowed
to file a motion to
dismiss what if they
succeed I don't know that I would
predict that they would succeed in
getting it
dismissed um but what if they
did doesn't that make him not a
felon and and by the way he's not a
felon because my understanding is until
they do the paperwork he the the jury
found him
guilty but you're not actually a felon
until the court does the paperwork right
so he's not a felon and there's at least
some chance he never will be and yet the
biggest complaint about him during the
election was oh 34 felonies 34 felonies
which of course were all made up there
was no no victim in the
crime I have confirmation from my
smartest
viewer all right
um the gay way pundit was writing about
Abby Phillip she's one of the hosts on
CNN uh that she's so close to finally
getting it because she went to some
event and she was speaking at an event
and she said quote Abby Phillip said I
have observed that Elites increasingly
talk only to each other and come to
believe that because there is consensus
among them that that consensus is shared
broadly and there are not enough voices
that are confident enough to disagree
and to present alter atives and she went
on to point out that people no longer
are looking for nuance they just want to
you know agree with their team basically
now the first thing you need to know is
that Abby Phillip is one of the fine
people
hoaxers so to the best of my knowledge
she has pushed the fine people hoax and
never never correct it so she's still on
record for the fine people HS being true
so her credibility is zero until she
fixes that if she fixes that then I
would say I would reassess but she has
zero credibility as a news person
because she's pushing to find people
Oaks that that that's a just a red line
you can't be considered a
serious news person if you believe the
fine people hoax and you're pushing
it but I would ask the following
question if the elites are increasingly
talking to each other and uh people are
afraid to come forward with alternative
voices who do you think is causing that
problem well I think Abby
Phillip is she completely unaware that
she is right in the middle of the cause
of this
problem because if CNN treated people
differently who had different opinions
don't you think they would feel
completely safe to say their opinions if
she had not said that Trump people are
following the fine people hoax guy don't
you think people would have a little
more Comfort going on the
show yeah do
you that
the I cannot I cannot stop being
entertained by the depth to which the
Democrats don't understand what happened
now the G now the Gateway pundit and
Mike Mike L chn La Chance uh points out
that she's getting
close I'll agree that she's getting
closer in the sense that it is true that
the elites are talking to each other and
not being aware of what's happening but
she's got to go the next step the reason
the elites are so
confused
is say it say it the elites are talking
to themselves and don't know what's
happening in the real world because
because because the the
news there's only one reason that the
news is fake if you're not
willing to say that Abby Philip you know
after years of fake news the left
doesn't even know what's true they don't
even know what other people are
hearing then you found it but if you're
only going to go as far as blaming the
elites and still thinking that the news
you're telling is somehow useful and
true no you're not close
You're simply you're simply directing
the you know your fire in the other
direction you know maybe it's not what
we're putting on TV maybe it's the
people watching it yeah that's it that's
it it's not what we're presenting to you
as brainwashing and propaganda the
problem is you believed
it and then you started talking to
yourself and not knowing what was going
on oh my goodness all right I like to um
keep a list ongoing list of inary
Democrat worries so here the here's the
newest
batch um David axar Rod's got a couple
he says Pam Bondi the new AG nominee
will be responsive to Trump first not
duties of the Constitution is that a is
that a real
worry no that's not real that's not real
that's just made up do you know what's
real your eggs cost too much do you
remember a week ago when all the
Democrats suddenly understood the eggs
cost too much well in one week they all
forgot the cost of eggs okay this is not
your problem your problem will not be
that Pam Bondi will be responsive to
Trump first and ignore the Constitution
you know why she's not going to ignore
the Constitution I'll bet you not
once there's no indication that after
her many years of Public Service that
she would suddenly stop doing the thing
that she does which is follow the
Constitution this is not real it's not
even a little bit real this is a
ridiculous thing to worry about all
right then next um there's an
OM um nominee uh Russ Vote or
vout and I guess he used to be the OM
had before so it's no big deal he should
be easily confirmed but now they're
worried because he also was one of the
authors of project 2025 oh great so now
you're taking the a perfectly ordinary
thing which we've experienced before
because he was already in the job before
and he's an you know ordinary supporter
of the president but because they can
tie it to this fake thing project 2025
which is not fake it exists the fake
part is saying that it's Trump's ideas
it wasn't it was definitely people who
support Trump's
ideas but it's not his ideas except some
coincidental
overlap so that's that's being turned
into uh that uh project 2025 will be
implemented because one of the people
involved with it got his old job back no
that's not real no Trump is still in
charge giving this one guy this one job
he used to have does not make 2025
activated as your you know replacing the
Constitution or something this isn't
real um then I saw a clip I this might
have been older I could have been older
but it was Mark Cuban on a podcast
saying that uh he's got this hypothesis
he's not sure but he thinks Elon Musk
may have taken over a bunch of abandoned
X accounts and turned them into a
personal Army of bots that he
controls now I don't think that's
true because he musk has so many you
know legitimate organic supporters such
as me why would he need a bot Army
wouldn't it be better to see that you
know Joe Rogan is boosting him and
Jordan Peterson and all the people that
you that you
like that's all he needs why would he
need a bot Army that's not real is it so
you're worried about a bot Army that's
the least likely thing that anybody
would ever do so here's why why I mean
who would do this because it's not like
he's programming X himself he would he
would have had to have somebody like a a
Confederate on the inside and then trust
them never to talk about it
ever nobody would ever take that
chance it because this would this would
basically destroy the credibility of the
entire platform and you wouldn't do that
with people who are witnesses to it who
work there who could just leave and sell
their story this I give this zero chance
of being
true then there's the hill that says
that uh that Trump has suffered a quote
self-inflicted black eye with the
withdrawal of Matt Gates as attorney
general really Trump got a black eye so
he picks somebody that is base kind of
liked a
lot um then he listened to he listened
to the outcry from the public and then
he improved his
choice that's a black
eye this is what I want to see all day
long if it were a black eye I'd say well
that's something I don't want I don't
want any black eyes but you know what I
do
want your first draft looks pretty good
your SE your second draft looks better
that's what I want I want that all day
long Matt Gates the first draft didn't
pass didn't pass the requirements second
draft oh wow that looks pretty good Pam
Bondi that's this is my exact government
I want I don't care who it is I want
them to take a strong first swing see
how it worked fix it immediately I mean
before the news cycle was over Trump
already had a an improved pick
black eye it's not a black eye this is a
model of how to be this is perfect
perfect governance with a mistake
because you can't get rid of mistakes
but a perfect
correction I want the correction I don't
need perfect first try that's ridiculous
Nobody Does
that um and then the latest is that musk
is just in it for the money cuz uh his
personal Fortune is now up to 348
billion because Tesla stock went way
up now is there any
way for Elon Musk to make the business
World way more effective and have fewer
regulations and you know good appointees
and stuff like that how in the world
would that not help him is he supposed
to be working on some magical way to fix
you know fix the regulations and the
economy in the government and somehow
magically it wouldn't affect his own
company like how was that going to work
was
he the entire point of it is that it
helps everybody even he just happens to
have a big footprint in the everybody
category so of course is of course it
did well and by the way why why was the
stock suppressed in the first place the
stock was suppressed because he was
being
lawed so if you take the lawfare penalty
away which is what he was under it just
drifted up to what the public thought it
was
worth that's not a
crime in fact I'll go further if if uh
let's say Mark
Cuban wants to just hypothetically
wanted to jump in and get rid of a bunch
of um regulations that affected let's
say oh I'll make this very specific so
Mark cubin as the company is
Cost Plus drugs I hope I don't have the
wrong name of the company where he's
trying to lower the cost of prescription
drugs I'm pretty sure there are some
government regulations that are holding
him back don't you think like if you're
trying to make drugs less expensive
probably there's some government thing
in the way suppose Mark Cuban said you
know what I've got some ideas for
reducing regulations in the government
it will help everybody
but I got to be honest my company would
do great if these regulations go away so
let's say the regulations go away and
then Mark Cuban's company that he funds
and he's part or full owner I don't know
goes uh doubles in value are we going to
be mad at Mark
cubin because he can sell you even more
drugs at low
cost no if if the billionaires get
involved in making things better for
everybody and they happen to be the
first people who benefit from it that's
okay that's okay you you can benefit if
you're making everybody else better off
and by the way a lot of people will own
stocks in these companies so everybody
who owned a little bit of Tesla stock
they're not
complaining and and I think Tesla is
priced primarily because of robots and
you can't take that away from them right
you just can't take away from Elon that
he's he's poised on A1 trillion doll
business opportunity and maybe the
strongest
player of course his stock is going
up all right
uh um here's NBC news on X so this is
the language that they chose now you
tell me if this is news because it's NBC
news or is this uh propaganda just look
at the
wording the president-elect has promised
to roll out a number of policies
targeting trans people on his first day
in office including a new federal
definition of sex as binary and assigned
to birth
targeted he's targeting trans
people that's
propaganda because when we talk about
changes to
policy do we say somebody got
targeted every policy change is good for
somebody and bad for somebody else just
all of
them but you don't use that word
targeted do you here's another way they
could have said it the president-elect
has promised to roll out a number of
policies uh
protecting uh women
sports and uh and defining who can use
public bathrooms
would that be
accurate I think it would but as as soon
as you put this word targeted and in
there it turns into
propaganda how about it's an issue that
people care about and they're going to
make they're going to make some changes
that make 98% of the public better
off definitely could be bad for some
trans who you know want more rights than
they would
have but that's not not exactly
targeting the 2% as much it is as it is
giving the majority what they wanted so
Target is a little that's a little
propaganda all right uh even Brian
Williams he used to be the NBC anchor he
says the Democratic party should be
rebuilt um and that they should change
leadership and basically start from
scratch uh here's the problem they
can't I don't believe the Democrats have
the ability built into their system
where they could get rid of hakee Jeff
for example or uh Nancy Pelosi or
anybody else so I think they built a
system where you can't get rid of people
and the people in charge can just burrow
in and stay there and trade stocks and
make a fortune
and yeah they the the Democrats have
created a A system that can't be
corrected now let's compare that to the
Republicans do the Republicans have a
self-correcting
system yes you just watched it so the
president puts forth Matt Gates doesn't
work he corrects boom
improved yeah Republicans are
wonderfully
self-correcting wonderfully
self-correcting you can't compete with
that I mean it looks like the distance
between what the Republicans got and
what the Democrats can offer it looks
like it's going to
increase like you you normal normally
you would expect that it's a Democrats
get you know just you know just
demolished in an election the normal way
that America acts is to prop them up the
next time because we do like we do like
things to be a little closer that's
that's sort of an American Standard we
we want a good
race I think this might be
different I think there's next
presidential race the difference between
what the Republicans are offering and
what the Democrats could pull together
with their broken system is going to be
almost
non-competitive maybe for the first time
in my lifetime so I don't know how they
can recover from this because their
their principles about what is most
important are the very things that make
it impossible to change because they're
they're not going to fire all their Dei
hires
right and if you can't change people
you're not going to change much so good
luck painted themselves in the
corner Mike Johnson got a little push
back because he was he Pro uh bringing
in the right kind of workers to the
United States he says we need work visas
we need to encourage legal immigration
then I saw Laura lomer going hard to him
on X um and he said uh so so basically
she was saying why why are you bringing
in non-americans when we need Americans
to have jobs Etc
um I appreciate a lot of the Scoops and
the work that Laura lumer has done
recently so I'm not going to be uh anti-
Laura I kind of like her I just like it
when she causes
trouble so I I tend to be
um attracted to anybody who not
attracted sexually but uh I I'm drawn to
anybody who's a flamethrower you know
somebody who can really mix things up
and you know maybe if she doesn't get
every story 100% right you know we'll
find out later but I I like her in the
public domain but I would give this one
piece of advice in case you're in case
you're uh listening uh I think we should
let economists decide who we let in and
with what skills and how many and it
should be
bipartisan I hope we could do it you
know maybe maybe there's no such thing
as bipartisan economists these days but
I think you could do it I'd like to see
let's say a group of 20
economists if you want to make it 10 who
lean left and 10 who lean right that
might work you maybe the maybe the
government in charge needs to have a
majority maybe that's the only way it
works in America but if the economists
say hey we're we're too slow in making
people who know enough about AI so we'll
make it you know we'll we'll hire as
many Americans as we can but we still
won't have enough so wouldn't it be nice
to get the best AI people from India for
example yes it would yes it would
because the the best AIA people from the
high-tech countries are going to be
really good you they're going to build
your next unicorns
Etc and uh on the low
end um I think we just have to realize
there are a lot of jobs that Americans
just won't do now I'm not proud of that
but if we can get people to come in and
do the jobs that Americans literally
won't do then that's a good good use of
immigration
so I don't think we should be yes on
immigration or no on immigration we
should be uh does it help your economy
or does it not and uh we should look at
economists not not anybody else because
it's the economist who can tell you if
we need more or
less um Steve Cortez was having a some
fun with the fact that there's some new
polling that shows that KL Harris
campaigning with Liz Cheney didn't work
out this is the fun part where the
Democrats try to figure out what their
mistake was and then they realized it
was
everything uh where where did we go
wrong it was everything okay but did we
go wrong with our choice of candidate
yes it was it was everything okay but
but maybe it was our messaging yeah it
was the messaging too it was just
everything
but what about our policies yeah yeah
yeah it was the policies it was
everything well maybe it's the way we
talked about
Republicans yeah yeah it was it was it's
it was everything um maybe it's
because uh maybe it's because our
candidate decided to pair herself with
the only person who's hated on both
sides the only one
name another person who is reviled by
both Republicans and
Democrats but is also part of the you
know public you know public
conversation how in the world did they
think that was going to work to take to
take this reviled Republican figure and
go campaign with her and make that look
like it's an anti-trump thing no let me
let me explain again
Democrats what you did wrong
it was
everything it was everything now you're
going to disagree with me and say Scott
no that's not true that is not true
because they they outdid Trump on
fundraising I mean they just they just
creamed him on
fundraising no the raising the funds is
not the important part it's the
[Laughter]
spending you don't get any you don't get
any credit for raising funds you got to
spend it right apparently the Trump
campaign figured out how to spend their
money
better so yes what did the Democrats do
wrong absolutely every
thing and and I think that that's true
right like it sounds like hyperbole it
sounds like sort of a you know a
podcaster thing to say but you tell me
you you tell me what they did right
anything from candidate to policies to
messaging to ground game to which states
she went to anything the debate anything
picking picking your vice president
anything policies
anything the the reason it's so
confusing is they want it to be one
thing the Democrats desperately want it
to to like narrow it down to you maybe
two but one or two things and then once
they have those things
like oh we can fix these two things but
what if the problem is their
leadership can't fix it because they're
not going anywhere and you can't make
them so whoever came up with the
terrible ideas for this last
cycle it's going to be the same people
next cycle same people and they will
make every mistake
probably well according to the
Federalist and Tristan Justice is
writing about this other people too but
there's a good write up in the
Federalist which I
recommend um apparently the evidence
that
uh uh let let me just read what Tristan
says it's
easier um so apparently representative
louder milk is looking into this and uh
they say that the Department of Defense
and the IG knowingly concealed the
extent of the delay in constructing a
narrative that is favorable to the dod
and the Pentagon leadership all right so
let me let me say this as clear as I can
um the evidence suggests that the
military had plenty of advanced warning
about January 6 getting out of hand to
the point where people are
suspicious why did you know there was
going to be trouble so far in
advance unless you were the ones who
caused it now I'm not saying that that's
demonstrated to be true I just think it
is a good question the military was
fully aware of the danger so that that
part's been established for sure because
documents show that the military was
completely aware that this was a danger
zone and a danger day and they
understood it completely in advance like
well in advance not not just the same
day like a month in advance they were
talking about it and then when the
request came down to supply some troops
it was
delayed and apparently the the
involvement of the decision makers for
using the military or not seems to have
been either lost or ignored by the
January 6 committee and it was the most
important part because if the military
stood down it would
suggest that it was
intentional so we're not maybe 100%
there yet but we're close enough that
I'm willing to say that January 6 um was
an
OP it was not a naturally occurring
event and that the January 6 committee
um needs to be
investigated and possibly for very
serious charges because if they did this
thing and knowingly destroyed evidence
or hid evidence or did not show
exculpatory evidence
I don't know if there's ever been a
bigger crime in the United States like
this this is looks like a serious crime
um I don't know what crimes maybe lying
to Congress or something
but uh yeah this has to be dealt with so
if Trump is bringing in people who will
deal with this which looks to be the
most obvious public crime I've ever seen
except for maybe the Russia collusion
hoax which also should be
investigated um
so we'll see how that
goes uh Gad sad who you all know from uh
X um he's of course been talking about
how universities are totally broken with
all the wokness but let me just read
what he posted because I don't think
people understand the extent of it and
that's what he's reminding us of so Gad
said he says I'm delighted that a
growing number of people are waking up
to the universe the insanity that has
been allowed to fester for Generations
but here's the important part you truly
cannot imagine how par
parasitized like as in parasites that
ecosystem is unless you inhabit it it is
unimaginably bad the bureaucracy the
inefficiency the parasitic IDE
ideological
um did you say Rapture you said Rapture
but I think you meant capture uh the
Socialist bent the anti-western bent the
anti-jew bent it is pers pervasive in
every nook and cranny there is no
creature that is spineless as the
castrate or castrated as an academic
rather than being an intellectual rather
than being intellectual Navy Seals most
academics are Meek sheep afraid of their
Shadows now first of all that is
wonderful writing rather than being
intellect ual Navy Seals nicely done but
secondly it suggests that you can't fix
it you know what I mean because who's
going to fix it if if it's already
infected every nook and can cranny even
if you got somebody in charge they
wouldn't be able to get it done
everybody would slow walk it you
couldn't fire anybody because you know
Dei hires it's actually unfixable so I
think the university system very much
like I said about the Democrats have
have found the only way that they can
put themselves on a business they they
they can create a situation where even
they have no chance of recovery I don't
think that
universities can
recover I think the solution will be the
free market will create education
Alternatives and those Alternatives will
increasingly look
good um on paper paper and there will be
employers someday very soon someday
there's going to be an employer looking
at at resumes and
saying
Harvard throw it away oh here's somebody
who went through the Jordan Peterson
Academy oh let's let's talk to him I
think we're very close to that you know
maybe five years away but that's pretty
close anyway uh another uh nomin
um Trump has announced he wants to
nominate Alex Wong as his Deputy
National Security adviser that's pretty
important position now apparently Wong
uh was one of the key people in the
North Korean Summit that Trump did in
2018 where he met Kim
jnun
um but now some of you were going to say
I know what you can say you're going to
say that Wong is a Dei hire because he's
you know
Asian-American and I want you to know
that
uh they've decided not to hire his
brother uh because two Wongs would be a
white and ah forget it forget it there
was a dad joke in there but I can't make
it work can't make it
work all right but he sounds like he'll
be great actually he's uh he's got a
real good resume good to have him on
board um according to just the news
polling expert John Rogers says that the
big difference or one of the big
differences in the election that just
happened was that uh Republicans managed
to get a million Republican voters who
were not likely to vote to
vote so it turns out that maybe the big
Insight that the Republicans had that
made the difference was that they
weren't going to convert any
Democrats uh they probably got some
Independence but they weren't going to
get any Democrats but what they could
get is a million people who would vote
for them if they voted but they weren't
likely to vote because they haven't
voted before so apparently their ground
game focusing on the people who hadn't
voted but maybe they should look into it
totally
worked now if I were to talk about
Trump's
campaign and after I just said that what
the Democrats did was literally
everything wrong what did
Trump do well let's see his rallies were
giant
success his communication and persuasion
giant success his uh handling of
Pennsylvania giant success Scott presler
thank you very much his um strategy of
going after the low propensity voters
perfect
his
um his what what else his policies
excellent his policies were always at
the top of people's list
his what else is
there the Trump campaign managed to do
everything
right yeah do do you remember you know
earlier this
year I started saying is it my
imagination or is whoever is running
this campaign like just nailing it and
somehow has gotten Trump to be
compatible with you know just best
practices and um sure enough it was
exactly what it looked like if you have
the best I mean just uncommonly good
campaign people it really made a
difference and then you look at you know
the Democrats and they had uncommonly
bad advice and campaign people and he
got exact what you'd expect yeah even
even going on podcasts
basically everything from the garbage
truck to the to the barber shop I mean
it was just perfect from top to
bottom wasn't it I mean you you throw in
the fight fight fight and I mean it was
Perfection it really was from top to
bottom all right
um Mario fall is uh showing some of the
waste the government has has been
involved in recently so we've got a Six
Trillion we spent the government spent
in
2023 and that's $47,000 per household oh
my god wow um but here are some of the
things we the government spent in 2023
$45 million for quote diversity and
inclusion Scholarships in Burma
in
Burma now for those of you who are not
good with your geography Burma is not a
city in the United States it's a it's a
country and it's not even in our
hemisphere 45 million for diversity and
inclusion um we spent 3 million for
quote girl centered climate action in
Brazil well what girl centered climate
action
well I'm not going to make the jokes
that I want to
make but you know I
do can we take a moment for you to think
what joke I'm probably going to make and
then just tell it to yourself in your
head and then have a good laugh all
right
good they spent 288,000 for diverse bird
watcher groups
was that to make them more diverse or
because the bird watchers were not
diverse enough so we had to stimulate
that how about
125 million for critical race theory in
public health oh my god
really how about uh 573 th000 to U men
action and anti-is what an anti-israel
group to combat to combat quot
disinformation okay those are not ideal
expenses but like everybody says um the
big expenses are going to be the you
know the defense and Social Security and
Medicare and that stuff so if we don't
figure that out it doesn't matter if we
fix this little
stuff meanwhile Putin continues to be
persuasive in his Putin way and he
released a map of all the Targets in
Europe
that Russia can hit with its new uh irbm
missile it says it's capable of reaching
London in 17 minutes so they've got a
map showing all the capitals and stuff
that he could destroy with his missile
now this of course
is you know in preparation for
negotiating to some end to the Ukraine
war so a lot of it is you know hybo and
persuasion and stuff
but um I'm just glad that uh he's
targeting our adversaries instead of us
now because as you know London is part
of Great
Britain and Great Britain is apparently
involved in trying to uh get rid of the
first amendment in the United
States you knew that right Great Britain
is not on your side so I do not consider
Great Britain to be our Ally I consider
them to be problematic player in the
world who sometimes asks for our help
but other times works against our
interests they're not
allies right they could be and they have
been and I would love them to be allies
again but at the
moment they don't look like allies to me
so if you want to be allies you're going
to have to up your
game Great Britain I'm sure we'll still
protect you but um I I just can't call
them allies if if they're trying to
destroy free speech in America they they
sent their they sent government people
over to help KLA Harris in the election
that's not an
ally I mean it wouldn't matter who's who
they helped they shouldn't be over here
at all stay out of our
politics and maybe maybe there's a
greater chance that Russia won't send a
missile into
London I don't want him to bomb London
just in case it sounded like that no I
don't want London to be bombed but I
can't call Great Britain an ally of the
United States it that's it doesn't fit
the facts so all right that's all I got
for you today on this wonderful Saturday
I'm going to talk privately to the
subscribers on locals and if you didn't
know it the
2025 Dilbert calendar that you see over
my back is available now now and it's
available um at the link you can see at
dilbert.com
or shop Dilbert online you'll get it
take you to it directly I would love to
put the link on X but X does not allow
me to link dilbert.com it says says the
website's not safe I guess I got to fix
that
somehow all right uh everybody on uh X
and
Rumble and YouTube I will see you
tomorrow same time same place for you on
locals I'm coming at you privately in 30
seconds
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for