I'm pumpin pumpin hey everybody come on
in here it's gonna be the best morning
you've ever had coffee with Scott Adams
that's me
and you're here for the simultaneous
f-plus all of the content which is gonna
be good today so there are two parts of
today's periscope
there's the amazing part in the front
that I'm going to tell you about in a
moment
and then there's in it the incredible
part that comes after that I don't know
which one's better the amazing part of
the incredible party you're gonna have
to decide for yourself but if my
technology works the way I hope we're
going to be talking to China expert
Brian Kennedy I'll be reintroducing him
in a bit but before I do that before I
do that we have to have the simultaneous
it yes we do and it goes like this all
you need is a cup or a mug your glasses
tying the cello a tank or a thermos a
flask you can Tina Grail a goblet a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee join me
now for the simultaneous SEP the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better go oh just right
I'm gonna put that back in the coffee
warmer and let me just check on my
guests to make sure he's ready is I'm
gonna fire him up and then give that
introduction
do do to to to Brian can you hear me
are you Brian you are president of the
American Strategy Group a think-tank
dedicated to understanding the strategic
threats to the United States also a
board member and senior fellow of the
Claremont Institute to where you have
been president for several years in
Prior and during your many years there
you've directed Golden State Center in
Sacramento well you've got a lot of
accomplishments here let me get the
highlights
yeah like a whole page of stuff you've
done and it's pretty impressive but the
parts that people here will care about
is that you're the chairman of the
committee on the present danger China
founded in March 2019 and also you were
national security surrogate for Donald
Trump at the Republican National
Convention in Cleveland in 2016 did I
miss anything that would be important to
our listeners to understand who you are
no I think you got that pretty well
covered and we're going to talk about
China and I don't know that anybody in
this country has a good understanding of
what's going on over there so I'm hoping
you'll help us penetrate and let me
start with this general question that I
think you can you can take and run with
what is it that you think the American
public needs to understand about China
then maybe they don't catch in the news
or they their understanding is
incomplete what are the important things
we need to know in a geopolitical sense
well that's a that's a great question to
start off and let me first say Scott
what a great pleasure it is to be with
you because you're you're a great
national treasure and I think your way
of your way of thinking about the world
has done more good in these last couple
years than almost anything else but
enough of that China is one of those
strategic concerns of the United States
that most people don't quite comprehend
partly because they think we won the
Cold War
back in the 90s we've been fighting in
Iraq and Afghanistan and China they're a
new problem they're a new kind of
serious threat
I thought we trade with China we buy
stuff everybody knows Chinese people
they don't seem like bad people they
seem like good people they're our
neighbors they're our friends they are
yeah they are yeah absolutely and so
when we encounter Chinese people there
it's typically in a pretty favorable
transaction so it's hard for Americans
to get their minds wrapped around that
there is this country of 1.4 billion
people half world away that is causing
us all these problems but of course
president Trump ran on trying to make
better trade deals with China he didn't
talk about them as a strategic threat
but just at the level of better trade
deals President Trump made at the case
to the American people that in fact a
lot of our economic downturn stagnation
whatever you want to call it for the
middle class of the country has been
caused by these bad trade deals with
China they've they've taken our
manufacturing they've stolen our
intellectual property and most Americans
are only now I think getting their minds
wrapped around that that narrative of
the president well can you help us
understand how much is just the Chinese
are good at competing and they're taking
the the board as it was presented to
them and they're just maximizing yet
exactly like we would have and versus
something deeper and darker or what what
why should we assume about their
intentions well at the level of there's
two two points here one is intellectual
property theft the Chinese are experts
at either hacking into our systems and
going in and stealing our intellectual
property or simply taking something that
America's made reverse engineering it or
more easily simply working with somebody
in the company or the company itself to
have a forced technology transfer
say if you want to come come to China we
have to have you know a patent on this
too or we have to be co-owners of all
this now I might I might need to break
in a moment just for some clarification
sure don't mind my audience always yells
at me when I interrupt anybody who's an
expert because they say you're not an
expert let le'Bryan talk you know
they're gonna say that but let me just
understand this in context an American
an American tech company would probably
routinely get a hold of a competitor's
product and reverse-engineer it if they
thought there was some advantage they
were trying to figure out so if China
does it in just the reverse engineering
sense isn't that completely normal well
in America if you look at if Google
looks at what Apple's doing or vice
versa and Apple you know says wait
they've stolen something we've done then
they take them to court in China when
you steal someone's intellect you know
if they steal the intellectual property
what's the recourse it's very hard for
that American company to go to a Chinese
Court and say wait a minute you've
stolen you've stolen what we've created
here and the Chinese say no of course
not we've not stolen anything in fact in
these trade negotiations Chinese say
what intellectual property theft in
their mind it's just good business that
they can steal something they think
that's just how the game is played no
apparently in America we would sue now
now literally I want to understand this
as specifically as possible if we were
to talk to a bunch of see Chinese CEOs
you know let's say tech CEOs and we said
you know it's bad business practice and
spade for the world and you shouldn't be
stealing other people's technology would
they look like look at you like they
didn't even understand the point I mean
do they even get the point that there's
a there's a long-term business benefit
in dealing with people squarely versus
just taking every advantage you could
get is there a difference in the culture
in terms of not understanding the
long-term advantage of trust and
building
partnerships versus well I well if you
left it on the table I can just pick it
up like yeah no I told me about yeah
yeah no I think that's a great point too
I think in part they think that's just
how the game is played it's often said
about Chinese business deals in American
business deals first of all you know do
you want to sell something and I want to
buy something if you sell it for $1 and
I want to buy it for $1 and it's
something I want that's a good
transaction in China it's thought that a
good transactions one where that the
Chinese are able to screw you to be
blunt you know that's a fun way of
thinking but now do they apply the same
thinking locally in other words when two
Chinese companies are doing business do
they ever think in terms of well I want
a win-win situation here because I I
want other people to you know trust me
and work with me and I want everybody to
win because in the long term that's
better for everybody or do they also say
no if I if I got one over on you that's
that's a good day for me
well in all the writings about
culturally about Chinese business it's
the latter if they can get away with it
they will it's not that they're not
forced very often to play fair but it's
usually even on the local level it's two
it's two competitors forcing one each
other to play fair and have you ever
looked into the historical cultural
reason for that difference I was reading
this book called what is that American
Nations something like that it was
talking about how our early business
ethics if you will I think came from the
Dutch so that the Dutch had sort of will
deal with anybody it just has to be fair
you know everybody's playing fair
doesn't matter who you are we'll deal
with you but it just has to be fair and
I feel like that came from some sort of
a Christian influence do you think that
there's something in the Christian
influence of Western business even if
you're not a Christian you're still
influenced by that that ethical standard
do you think that just as lacking in
China because there's not a religious
kind of God's watching situation well
perhaps
I certainly can see in America why that
made sense to what you're what you're
describing in China I don't want to
assign them that so much as they've not
really lived under the rule of law and
constitutional government the way we
have to where we automatically think in
terms today of law and order I just in
terms of where it comes from China has
been living under a certain form of
warlordism for thousands of years to
where it's all it's all strength against
strength bone competition but where does
the the concept of family honor or
personal honor come in because it seems
to me it would be dishonorable this is
my Western brain right dishonorable to
to screw somebody in a business deal
when they would know it it would come
back and haunt you and people would say
oh this this guy screws people in
business deals how it how is that not
sort of a source of shame yeah I think
it's partly that's just the way the
cookie crumbles to mix maybe mixed
metaphors they do have individual honor
certainly but I do think they separate
individual behavior from business
behavior and they think business more
like they think of war whether it's
internally or externally and businesses
like war and all is fair in war and so
they that that that goes beyond any kind
of personal honor they may have now and
I'm assuming that the big problem is
that their government has these same set
of philosophies or ethics and so tell us
about China's government's intentions in
the long run about the United States
what do you know about that
well right now I'm chairing the
committee on the present danger China
and we've had several hearings and we've
had a lot of experts talk about what the
intent of Chinese are it's primarily to
put China on top of the world as the
hegemonic power that doesn't mean
China's going to invade the United
States and we're all going to speak
speaking Chinese in a generation what it
does mean is that China's in the process
of building their economy into the most
powerful in the world their military
into the most preeminent power in the
world than that they still take some
time but they're going to take whatever
steps are necessary to get there right
now is is that just a natural extension
of businesses war and we're going to
take everything we can get we're the
biggest country we'll have the most
money someday
it's just our natural place to be in
charge of things
yes yes philosophically they see
themselves as the Middle Kingdom meaning
you know the Kingdom between heaven and
earth and so they see themselves as you
know Chairman Mao had a he would read up
you know books of philosophy and there
was one particular story about you
cannot have two suns in the sky and that
was that had a profound impact on him
you can't have two suns in the sky there
was going to be one son and that one son
was going to be China and so they think
of themselves in a in a very profound
way America doesn't mean we happen to be
the most powerful country in the world
and the richest but that doesn't mean
we're the biggest and there's a lot of
indicators against us at this moment
China has a long term view that they're
going to be that preeminent power now do
does the United States not also want to
be the most influential country and stay
that way I mean it because it sounds
like what they want is pretty similar to
what we want wouldn't wouldn't we want
to have enough control over the Middle
East wouldn't wouldn't we want to be
able to get the trade deals we want I
mean if we could get deals that were
better for us than them wouldn't we take
it
maybe yes maybe no right now we have a
whole bunch of environmental policies
just to take one example that that
disadvantage us with regards to China
China has all sorts of trade laws you
know China has access before President
Trump to any US market or almost in a US
market the United States did not have a
similar access now why didn't why
weren't US leaders before Trump pressing
for United States to have that advantage
because we thought we want China to
develop we want other countries to
develop and so we're not going to do
everything in our power to keep all this
manufacturing and wealth here we're
going to be willing to export it
somewhere else and that's been the
globalist philosophy I think for the
better part of 50 years hasn't but but I
think everybody would agree that there
always had to be a time when China got
strong enough that that situation would
have to be readjusted so that this is
the readjustment period right right yeah
this is the readjustment period and so
this is like you're right in that regard
you're certainly right that you know
America wants to be on top but we
haven't pursued the policies that would
keep us on top until so yeah so what do
you think is gonna come out of the trade
deal and do you think we should
decoupled I can deal well I mean it'd be
perfectly fine to do both in a 180
couple safety couple well I'm certainly
I'm certainly for decoupling because I
do think we can do all this
manufacturing in the United States and I
think I think I think it's irresponsible
by the way to have our electronics
especially those we use in the military
but even those we used in use in
everyday you know telecom equipment made
in China that that seems that seems in
like just a silly proposition given the
facts about their theft of intellectual
property so let me let me give you some
hypotheticals here just just so I can
understand you know the this how the
smart people think about
let's say and I'm not saying this could
ever happen let's say China made some
kind of a promise about intellectual
property that had a little bit of teeth
in it I don't even know if that's
possible but let's say what they could
if that problem were solved or even if
we said to help out we just take
technology out of it and we're not gonna
make that there but everything else is
still in play could we make a deal if we
could solve the IP stuff which I don't
know if could be solved if we if we
could make that deal and we had access
to their markets yes absolutely we can
make a deal
the problem is the problem is they say
they're don't steal IP they say that we
don't steal it that's a problem and
they're not going to allow any kind of
enforcement regime that actually holds
them to account they've said as much so
why are we even talking to them what
what what is honestly what's the point
well can you tell me is what smart
person is saying okay we can still work
with this they they say that no matter
what we do they're gonna reach into our
body cavity rip our hearts out and show
it to us before we die but I like all
the rest of this stuff so I think that
still looks good well except for that
one part where they reach their systems
of our chests rip and our heart and show
it to us before they die is that what's
happening is there somebody on the on
the team that says yeah we can make this
happening even though the IP part can
never happen anybody on that ship I look
I think president Trump put secretary
maneechan
and Robert light hyzer ambassador Locke
my eyes are on the job
to see if that's actually possible and
so the president didn't want to
arbitrarily say what you just said that
this is hopeless
he wanted to make the case that I'm
gonna give it my best shot
- oh she ate something if at the end of
the day they're not willing to have a
kind of acknowledgment and enforcement
regime then when I walk away from this
everyone can nod their head on Wall
Street by the way Wall Street someone
pushing for the trade deal because they
want they want to status quo
you know before Trump but
someone is trying to make the case that
in fact a deal can be made I don't think
it actually can be made but he president
Trump's giving it his best shot do you
think our government and I almost don't
want to ask this question because I
think you might know the answer and if
it's the wrong answer I'm just gonna
flip out I swear to god I'm gonna flip
out do you think our government would
ever make a deal with China of any kind
of trade deal before their top fentanyl
dealer whose name we know the address is
known I think 60 minutes interviewed him
while that guy's still a free man are we
gonna make a deal with China under that
condition if President Trump understands
that the answer is absolutely no thank
you
on the other on the other hand a lot of
things get presented to President Trump
and he doesn't you know look he he has
to delegate a lot of this to other
people but the fentanyl thing is so
simple it seems so cut and dry
no those Kemsley chemical water
biological warfare against the United
States it's crazy right but it's it's
ambiguously easy to identify whether
China is acting against it because that
guy is either alive or dead we know his
name
we know his face we know his address and
we know China knows it we know the guy
the specific guy who's killing tens of
thousands of Americans if that guy's
alive I can't imagine the president a
wouldn't understand that concept
he'd energy he would ever put us into a
trade deal with mass murderers I just
don't see any any way they're anything
but decoupling is going to happen here
if I had to place a bet on decoupling
how good about would it be I think it's
probably a by my own judgment today
would be an 8020 that wasn't I feel up
that we're gonna temple again you know
from from China simply because their
their rhetoric has not aged
in fact has become more strident they
have the the anniversary be up their
original coming up on October 1st
they see Trump you know having to run
real circumstances so they're gonna
their best or not gonna they're not
gonna make deal now if they can wait and
make a trade deal possibly with
Elizabeth Warren what oh my god what
what is it that China can do that
India can't do and and is there anything
stopping us from saying look we tried
China but now India is our best friend
watch what we do together because
obviously Modi and and Trump get along
pretty well
oh look I think India is very advanced
country and I don't see why there's
anything I think you're right we should
be doing business with India and other
people around the world there's no
reason I should be locking all this you
know technological manufacturing and if
you know look if China wants to compete
they can compete but they have to do it
fairly and openly and right now they're
not willing to do that they think they
can bully their way through almost
anything now let's talk about there we
Gers the the ethnic minority they're
Islamic and they're being rounded up I
saw the video
Kyle bass at it do you know if that do
you have a sense of what that video was
real news or fake news a showed it
showed I don't know hundreds of weekers
lined up and handcuffed and you know
sitting there with things over their
heads and stuff by the Chinese
government do you think that was a real
real video you know I don't know I've
not gotten any confirmation one way or
the other so I do know right but we see
what they're doing in Hong Kong if
that's a parallel right and so I can
imagine they're doing that to the
weekers the weavers they like even less
than the people of Hong Kong who are who
are ethnically Chinese so I couldn't map
Weaver's very badly yeah so
that is that is look I think at some
level they want people to see just how
violent they are they want people to see
that they're willing to do anything a
lot of people in the West that will
scare them and so if you scaring the
West as well
that's a benefit to them yeah you wrote
a great article on that where where can
people find that I think that was on the
hill calm but I think it's also present
danger China don't work crisis in China
Dollard so so your view is that China
gets a twofer with Hong Kong one is one
is that if they prevailed and I believe
they will in the long run because they
have you know the long long view of
things it will first of all give them
more control that they want but it also
shows the world a you know there there's
not a line we're not willing to cross so
make sure that you make sure you're nice
to us is that that's the basic idea
that's the basic idea I mean there in
America we have a motion to violence we
don't like violence and we're willing to
do internally almost anything to avoid
it so when the other countries engage in
that kind of violence we're you know we
take a step back now again not president
talking about the liberal media and it
almost operates at a subconscious low
whatever we can do to make them happy
maybe they'll stop hurting their own
people so they're almost keeping part of
their people as hostages and they're top
there top got hurt look they know how to
invade one point four billion people
into doing what they want that's the
height height of sophistication so can
you give us a little summary of what the
average was a middle class and higher
Chinese citizen can or does see on the
Internet in other words how much of the
the external truth are they saying
versus just China's version of truth
I think they're mostly not truth I think
there are there are times in which two
people can convey all the cells of the
truth mostly through Western contact but
by and large it's exactly what the
government wants them to see and also
though they know they live a kind of
electron surveillance and the real
credit scoring and study in China in the
middle class and you're doing okay you
have you know I don't know wipe a kid a
job car a house are you gonna risk that
in China for trying to you know
illegally hack you know get your way
into and access weather and information
that your own government maybe beat her
on it and I think she knows how how many
Chinese actual Chinese citizens are
going to college in the United States do
you have an estimate for that I think
right now it's about 50,000 almost
almost 60 I think and would it be fair
to say that those people are getting a
full taste of non China propaganda or
are they also may be surveilled by China
so that they can't even do a Google
search without shine and knowing that do
you do you have a sense of how track
they are when they're in this country
you know well it's it's hard to do all
that they certainly can't it certainly
can be tracked whether whether China
would expend resources on that they
certainly have the resources to to
monitor those Chinese nationals who are
in this country but I can't again once
they're sent here they're part of the
Chinese elite and those folks who sell
regulate to a large degree because they
want to go back home to China and be
part of the Chinese elite but I I get
what you're saying about self regulating
and certainly their self-interest is
let's just go back to China and live
live migrate life but they would still
be infected with a set of knowledge that
would not be common to the Chinese
people and it feels like that would seep
out
absolutely well let me ask you this are
we better off or worse off because we
host so many Chinese students in our
universities are we sending them back
with like a little freedom virus that
maybe they don't even know they have but
time goes by and you're like you know I
saw how America does it and I'm just not
going to put up with this anymore
are we winning or losing by educating
their elite yeah probably unfortunately
we're losing because we're exporting a
knowledge base that they wouldn't
otherwise be able to easily acquire and
they're taking that back and making data
communism is digitally
the lives those people I'm not saying
it's a total waste
I can I mean what when I'm on the board
of Catholic High School for instance and
we have 30 kids from China and two of
them you know heard the story recently
two of them
FaceTime their parents it's an all-boys
school for 17 years old they in they're
preparing both these boys tell they're
fun and they're I've told them in the
back and it's which time is 17 years
that had ever happened that both sides
that's it but I love you know I like
that what I find that mind-blowing that
never instead what your son it father
said about theirs after being in America
at a Catholic over three years that made
an infection what whatever you want to
say but so what would you think of this
idea suppose we said a China we're going
to send back one student for every fence
and all death in this country do
whatever you want that that's just our
new system we're gonna we're just gonna
pick one send them home and there are
50,000 of them here so that should take
a little over two years to get rid of
every Chinese student how long would it
take in other words I'm asking how
important is it to China that they can
get education here how long would it
take before the elite said wait a minute
my kid can't get the finest education
because we're killing their citizens I
mean do we really need to do that I'd
like my kid to get an education how long
would it take before that would change
minds over there or would it it would
probably change it immediately the elite
is very very much to one well I think
really very much the elites very much
want their children educated
they want the expose the Western Western
you know wealth and education the genius
of my idea is that they would know
exactly why their kid got kicked out and
they're gonna make a big stink about it
and and so we would be weaponizing one
person after another one set of parents
after another in the elite to go back to
their other lead and say you know maybe
this isn't gonna work out just the way
we want I like the part where we kill
Americans but I don't like the part
where my kid can't go to college there
yes I think that out there I know I
think I do you know I noticed some
people saying they can take the hammer
very well read so if you've seen my
periscopes you know that they say that
all the time they're too to think and
hear me yeah I can hear you fine and
then the replay and the replay is
usually fine some people have problems
on their end with their connection and
then they start complaining and some of
those trolls just saying the sound is
bad they're trying to just interrupt
their the program so I've got a number
of other topics but I want to give you
as much time as you want to get your
message out because I think it's
important and people don't hear from
from this well what should I have asked
about China what's what's a theme that
you'd really like to make sure we
understand well I think the the neck
phase of this whole trade debate is
going to be around the fact that China
defaulted on their sovereign debt and
that President Trump right from the
opening of their markets and in theft of
intellectual property I think one of the
big things coming up is going to be the
fact that China defaulted on their
sovereign debt and it's a lot owed
define sovereign debt in this context
for the audience because I don't think
they understand this is a historical
different government system debt right
yes yes that
and I cannot buy a century early in the
last century when they had their
revolution from the from maybe Czech
Republic
maybe bonds the way the US government
has u.s. Treasury bonds Dinah had China
bonds and they went and they raised
Lily's Italian revolution or consolidate
their revolution and for China to become
the country to detect even the bow going
from a republic communist government
well they owe with the quit paintings
but again I don't get too deep in the
weeds here other than to say China
global system where they they engage in
trade are only now let me let me go with
a present then we can jump it back right
now China is talking about coming to
wall street over the next five years and
having new sovereign debt and debt of
their state-owned enterprises for
between one two trillion dollars over
the next five years
no fricking way unless they pay off the
debt they already have right and you
would think before they that they pay
off the debt that they previously do now
they paid the British but he's bummed
because Thatcher stood up to them and
they were negotiating Hong Kong and
about other things but now they want
they will back to American camera its
morrocoy sauce they haven't made good on
this instead knows about it inhibited
benefit I think the city is all set over
that honey that twenty twenty thousand
leaves and I think forty-six states own
and the American people money can't get
in you interrupt you the the audience is
going nuts let me
say the audience I'm not going to reboot
there's nothing I can do about it I know
you're having a little crackling with
the sound you don't have to all tell us
yeah a few of you told a few of us it'll
fill this up now I understand all right
so the sovereign debt in other words
these are bonds would you tell them are
they boss yes yes they're bonds so I'm
I've pushed the idea that China likes
their social credit scoring system but
they might like less if we created and I
mean literally created some kind of a
business credit scoring system and and
score them you know on unworthy of
business because you've got your debt
that they won't pay
you've got your China deal that they're
trying to abrogate you've got the
stealing of the IP you've got the
defense at all etc and I think you could
just make a checklist and say if anybody
if anybody's you know got five of the
things on this checklist they're not
credit worthy just and just just make it
a banking issue because banks are
completely risk management objective
it's not political just risk management
you think in a rash in the world
that's exactly it would work you know it
picked to select bulk that would be up
on it any Nessman house would have to
show Daniel investor write his Wall
Street powerful lobby be upon of China
is all Street be firm's Goldman Sachs's
of olden in the Morgan Stanley's that
are going to be there selling this debt
to investors and making the Commission
on all these debts Wall Street has no
interest in highlighting all defects to
either the American people or
specifically to the investors with whom
they want to support they want to tell
this debt well well maybe there's some
solution where the investors and the
public says well I don't want to deal
with a Wall Street company that would
take such a bad loan on because why
would I invest in that company there
they've got troubles
Brian I'm going to move on to another
topic I think the big stuff do you feel
like we I if you feel like we get the
big stuff dude and thank you so much
where could we find you on twitter let's
say beyond the present danger china da
to work and then the twitter handle is
at bride trap kennedy bri t Rav Kennedy
all right at Bri TR AV e RI t Rav can
identity alright so follow him on
Twitter I'm going to disconnect you now
Brian and go on to some other stuff and
thank you so much that was really Scott
it I think they got it appreciate thank
you Scott you thanks all right
that was terrific great great context I
got a few other things remember I told
you the first part would be amazing and
then I told you the second part would be
incredible well we're in the second part
now how lucky you are
let's talk about a few things
number one if I ever have a nemesis you
know like a like a proper nemesis I want
it to be Jerry Nadler can you think of a
better name assess that guy just reeks
incompetence and loser and I have you
ever seen anybody who just says I'm the
penguin and you're Batman
more than Jerry meant Nadler I mean I
would actually feel like Batman if Jerry
Nadler were my nemesis and I think it
also has to be said that Nancy Pelosi
has been replaced by the wax museum
version of Nancy Pelosi but she has she
has recently announced something like an
impeachment but it's not an impeachment
it uses the same words but it's
different
and I was wondering how Pelosi could
could make it work that part of the
Democrats wanted peach meant but it's
the worst idea ever so what do you do
well apparently she found a solution
where she can tell the people she's
doing impeachment and then go do
something that's not impeachment because
it's like looking into the process of
becoming maybe something that could be
impeachment that maybe we would vote on
later and AOC is like yeah ah I got
impeachment wait what's the Pietschmann
means I thought that meant that the the
house gets the vote on it no it just
means that some of you are talking about
maybe doing something oh okay well let's
call it an impeachment because as long
as it's bad for the president it's all
good it's all good
I heard that donations to Trump went up
and I have to say it might have been the
first time in memory that I could think
of I was actually inspired to donate
money now I didn't do it because same
for the same reason I don't vote as soon
as you vote or donate money you become
committed and then it's hard to be
objective at all so I try not to do
those things but I was certainly I felt
it like I could feel the I could feel
the tug and it wasn't because it was
merely a take a sighs you know this is
good for trauma this is bad for the
other team it wasn't that at all it was
the idea that the government would
weaponize impeachment I think you have
to be punished for trying to weaponize
impeachment for political games and I
don't think anybody's looking at this at
least anybody I think the Republicans
are not looking at this and saying oh
yeah they got good reasons to a peach I
mean it looks like it's political
to all the smart people now the people
who think you should be impeached may
think may also think you should be
impeached but even they know that
whatever the heck it is that Pelosi is
doing is political and I don't think
impeachment was meant to be a political
tool and so the ultimate bosses of the
process are the voters and we voters can
vote in two different ways by giving
money
well three ways if you if you count
speaking out in public and then voting
so I got a feeling that the citizens of
this country who have some respect for
the of the Constitution are gonna say
you know that wasn't exactly what we had
in mind with impeachment maybe we should
punish you a little bit with our votes
and our money so somebody said on the
comments here the transcript is out tell
me in the comments since I can't look at
it is anybody saying there are any
surprises in there
any any surprises I doubt there would or
wouldn't he wouldn't have announced it
uh let's uh let's put a pin in that
because we did too here let's see what
the transcript says to catch up with
that story
alright here's an idea that's like the
scariest thing you've seen I I mentioned
it before when I was referencing a tweet
by a novel and he mentioned the
panopticon's panopticon is a building
where somebody can observe you but you
can't observe the people who are
observing it's a one way observation and
the idea is that we the citizens are the
ones who are being observed and the
observers are intelligence groups and we
can't see them observing us they can
only see us and that that's a bad
situation because it's unequal right
somebody is observing but you can't
observe them back and this thought comes
from a Twitter user and Sylla
you could find her at @n as a neighbor
see I ll a and she talks about this a
lot sort of a primary topic so if this
interests you you would want to follow
her at n c IL a to LS l la and the thing
about this thought this this this came
from her anyone that's born now gets all
of their blackface or anything else
whatever else you've done bad in your
past registered by the the watchers and
it can be used against you later if you
ever run for office think about this the
people watching the intelligence people
can watch anybody if you start emerging
let's say you're a OC do you think our
intelligence agencies are watching a OC
and monitoring or one way or another
probably in some way or another i
believe that anybody who seems to be
rising and gaining political power could
be because we saw it happen with trump I
imagine it happens with
there's there are ways to watch them
without breaking any laws for example
you could say you're watching somebody
else and well they were on the phone
call - that's what we do when if they
call a foreign leader you can listen it
so there are probably a number of little
clever ways that they can kind of find
out what you're up to you find out your
deepest problems and here's the problem
if the intelligence agencies have
blackmail information on everyone who
runs for office who's in charge of the
country not the people who get elected
and that's sort of our situation we have
become a panopticon where the the Trump
situation clearly shows you that the
intelligence people can find a reason to
watch you if they want to and they want
to if they're watching they can
effectively blackmail a hundred percent
of candidates because everybody's got
something you know even if it's just
embarrassing it might not be a broken
law and doesn't that effectively put us
already like right now today we don't
have to I'm not I'm not worrying about
the future I'm talking about right now
doesn't this mean the intelligence
agencies are in charge and I say not as
long as Trump is president there is
something about Trump that makes him
uniquely immune from I don't know
everything yeah I can't imagine another
candidate who would have survived
anything the Trump is accused of
anything absolutely anything
there's nothing he's been accused of
that anybody else could have survived I
don't know how he does it well I sort of
do know how he does it I mean in a
general sense he's he's got a unique
situation
one part that's unique is that he's been
transparent forever about not being an
angel and having some skeletons so when
people find some skeletons they say hey
you've got a skeleton and he says I told
you that
you elected me anyway and then you go
okay that's not a bad point so the
people who elected Trump seemed to be
completely clear eyed that they were
getting they were getting a street
fighter not an angel and that's what
they chose enough of them chose it chose
him to become president so I think he
might be and I've said this before the
last legitimate president I think Trump
might be the last legitimate president
because nobody else could handle the
blackmail and anybody else who's just
gonna cave and like ah it's just easier
to do what you want yeah I don't need
that trouble that's just easier to do
what you want so that's the situation
we're in our republic has been lost to
the intelligence agencies we won't know
it until the next president whenever
that comes four years six years eight
years all right let me give you an
update on CBS so I went on our angry
rants yesterday I was CBS the big drug
store around here that they would give
me literally this is not a joke a
six-foot-long receipt with lots of text
and offers that are too hard to use and
then I complained to them and they said
oh you just have to ask the cashier and
she'll put you on a digital receipt and
that I complained that that process
would require me to get an email and
according to the cashier out I would
click on a link and I would have to
connect my shopping experience and
receipt from the email to my account and
then I could get discounts in a digital
way and I said to myself well that's
great but I still hate you for not
telling me that there was an easier way
there was so easy I just went into the
cashier and said put me on the digital
receipt and she did probably took out
ten seconds she just pushed a button say
okay you got digital receipt now and I
thought really
nobody told me I could just do this but
here's where it kind of fell apart so I
get my first email and I say to myself
let me see how easy it is to do this
step which they insert unnecessary step
where I have to click something to
connect it to my account the obvious
reason that you have to do the extra
step is so you will not do it
meaning it's one extra piece of friction
that you might forget you think the
email is a spam you say is CBS is
sending me offers I don't know so it's
obviously designed obviously designed to
screw the customer obviously and if
that's not obvious to you consider the
fact that when you click on your receipt
to connect it to your account it already
knows it can do that it knows who you
are
does it sent you the receipt it sent you
the receipt because it knew which
account you're you're which customer
account you're part of it didn't need
you to click it you did not need to
click it they have both databases and
you click it and they put them together
why do I have to click it because they
want me not to click it right alright so
that was my starting point from
yesterday so I get my email and I go ok
I'm gonna see how this process works
and look for the part where you click it
it's not there there's nothing to click
or if it is I couldn't find it so now
this came from the like the customer the
customer what a response person who
responded to my complaint so she gave me
the easier the use of your way to do it
and it doesn't even exist or if it does
exist I couldn't find it I read the
whole email I don't see it
so it's either intentionally hidden in
the email or a doesn't exist so now I
don't have a paper receipt which I could
use in conveniently I could use that to
get a discount now I never will get
those unless I change it back now I get
a digital one that I can't use in any
way
all CBS this is the worst customers
experience of all time
I hope somebody as CBS sees this because
you have to know I've never seen on any
company in any way you know other than
maybe company that won't return your
your call at all or something I've never
seen a more despicable unethical
blatantly abusive process than than that
it's it's it's beyond its almost
unimaginably despicable alright let me
give you a little update my story you
might be following it involves my
internet conversation with a fellow who
used to work at Gawker yeah he used to
work at Gawker but now he doesn't work
at Gawker his name is John Cook and he
listed his profile that he's the
investigations editor at Business
Insider former executive editor of
Gawker Media and editor-in-chief of the
intercept so in other words he's a news
person he is a news person that's
important to the story he tweeted at me
this was a reference to the Jake Tapper
is drawing my comic Dilbert this week
and that will go to charity for homes
homes for our troops and if you see my
pinned tweet you'll know how to get
there if you want to participate in the
auction to buy that anyway a lot of bad
people weighed in to to explain why they
were so unhappy that Jake Tapper would
be working with somebody as bad as me
now of course conservatives weighed in
and said Scott why are you working with
somebody as bad as Jake Tapper so we
both we both got a good dose of it
but John Cook of Gawker oh and have I
ever mentioned that Gawker was my
nemesis and that they ran many
completely fake news pieces about me I
don't know how many but a few
so this person acts of goth Gawker he
tweets this and he's tweeting it too I
think that he use tweeting it to Jake
where at least it was part of Jake's
Twitter comments so John Cook says it is
extremely wild to see the Louis
Farrakhan policer so he's calling Jake
Tapper in Lewis Farrakhan policer
because Jake called out Louis Farrakhan
for anti-semitic stuff all right so that
would make him the Louis Farrakhan
policeman so he says that it's extremely
wild to see the Louis Farrakhan and
policer teaming up with Scott Adams who
is basically the Louis Farrakhan of
insel white nationalists but hey it's
for the troops now I said I commented
back to John Cook and I quote no wonder
your piece of Gawker publication
got his balls cut off my lawyers will be
contacting you now immediately the the
with the trolls rushed in to say Scott
Scott Scott you don't know anything
about the law because the law says
people can insult you in public that's
not illegal is it well I'm going to give
you my court case I'm gonna give you my
legal case now you're probably gonna say
Scott Scott Scott don't embarrass
yourself you're not a lawyer don't act
like you're smarter than lawyer lawyers
will tell you there is no case here
Scott Scott Scott but let me make my
case anyway
um ladies and gentlemen of the jury
I present the following argument
this statement that I am basically the
louis farrakhan of insel white
nationalists has within it a joke but
also a statement effect the joke part is
that I'm the Louis Farrakhan of insel so
that the first part pretty funny
I'm okay with a good joke a good analogy
that makes makes at least is you know
just because it's not funny to me I'm
not the guy who says humor is objective
I think this would be pretty funny to
the people who would read his tweets so
I'm gonna say it's pretty good you know
he made this Louis Farrakhan analogy and
I'm thinking his people probably liked
it so as a joke well done but here's the
thing jokes can also include statements
of facts if something's a joke it
doesn't mean that everything in it is
intended not to be true in fact your
best jokes are based on something true
have you ever tried to write a joke
about a person and say something that
wasn't at least based on something true
or something you believe to be true
it's hard to do jokes don't work as well
it's kind of rare unless there's some
kernel of truth to them and then the
joke just sort of built around the truth
so let me read you this sentence again
and let me tell you what part is the
truth part meaning the alleged truth not
the actual truth so what he says I'm the
Lewis basically the Louis Farrakhan of
insel white nationalist if you were to
hear from a credentialed editor-in-chief
and journalist of news organizations
let's say Business Insider let's say he
was at the Loza use the editor-in-chief
of the intercept
if that person says that I'm a white
nationalist do you say well that's
that's obviously hyperbole well ladies
and gentlemen of the jury let me let me
suggest this had he called me a Nazi I
believe everybody reading it would have
said it's the internet everybody is a
Nazi on the Internet
doesn't mean a thing would we agree
ladies and gentlemen of the jury they
had he called me a Nazi
there would be nothing to talk about
we're a great right
suppose he had said I'm a racist and
it's not true just like I'm not a Nazi
would would that be legally actionable
if he called me a racist you because
he's a journalist remember no it would
not because journalists call people
racist all the time all the time and
people who read it I would say generally
any normal person would say yeah
everybody's calling everybody racist you
know there's probably nobody in public
life who hasn't been called a racist it
sort of comes with it so we would agree
would we not ladies and gentlemen of the
jury there had he called me a racist
that would be nothing the legal system
would care about had he called me a Nazi
everybody would have known that was
hyperbole but suppose someone who works
for news organizations business insider
for example or the intercept for example
and has a high-level job such as an
editor-in-chief now an editor-in-chief
is going to be pretty careful about
facts and if somebody calls you a white
nationalist isn't that a little bit more
specific and isn't that kind of
different when you hear it then racist a
Nazi that are obviously just hyperbole
so the joke part is that on the louis
farrakhan of himself
that's the joke part and I acknowledge
that it's kind of funny for for his
followers but when he says white
nationalists do you think that the
average citizen would see that as untrue
well ladies and gentlemen of the jury I
ran a poll so I actually pulled a
hundred people I paid for this poll and
I have it in my hands and it shows that
63% of the people polled would have
assumed that because this came from a
journalist that they get the joke part
the Louis Farrakhan part but they would
reasonably assume that the white
nationalist part was fact and then I
asked them if I said he if he had said I
was a Nazi would you assume that was a
fact and it came in a zero-zero people
would think nazi was real
but 63% in my poll and I'll present this
as Exhibit A said yeah if if somebody
who's actually a journalist said you
were a white nationalist I'd probably
think there's something to that
now ladies and gentlemen of the jury I
have not taken that poll but you know
damn well I could and you know how it
would turn out maybe it would be 63%
maybe it would be 38% maybe it would be
20% still actionable now other people
said what is the what is the definition
of definition I think I wrote that down
somewhere bump bump bump no that would
be terrible if I didn't write that down
but let me tell you and somebody on
Twitter who's a lawyer I guess said oh
that all run into the run into the case
of the New York Times versus Sullivan
1964 so I guess in that New York Times
versus Sullivan it was decided that
people insulting or saying things about
public figures are not going to have the
same treatment as if it was private
citizens and saying something about each
other so if you're if you're an elected
politician and the news business says
something about you that's untrue you've
got a real tough case but I'm not in the
news business I'm not I'm sorry I'm not
a elected official I would be more in
the category of something called a
public figure you didn't elect me right
had you elected me I could say nothing
about this comment I would agree with
you if I were an elected official and
somebody said I was the Louis Farrakhan
of Insull white nationalist I wouldn't
have any case I'm an elected official
and probably that was settled pretty
much in that court case
there's a but but that decision lets
them let's allows that you could still
be liable to public figures like me so
if I were a political figure I wouldn't
have much to go on but I'm not not only
am i a public figure but I have a unique
quality to my career the unique quality
to my career is that I'm a brand as well
as a person that's not true to most
people right I am basically the Dilbert
brand right that's different so I'm a
political person who's not like I'm not
you know I'm not the gardener and I'm
not saying that a you know putting down
gardeners because I love gardeners I'm
just saying that a gardener would not
stand much to lose if somebody tweeted
at them that they were a white
nationalist because they'd be like yeah
I don't even know anybody who's gonna
read that tweet I am an at lawn mowing
business whether somebody on Twitter
called me a bad name and I just I
couldn't prove any financial loss but if
you were a brand and somebody puts on
the Internet you're a white nationalist
and then that is can be demonstrated
that has been tweeted and viewed by
thousands of people which would be easy
to demonstrate you could also
demonstrate that it's obvious that any
brand in the United States would be
injured and badly by being branded as a
white nationalist that would be an easy
case so ladies and gentlemen of the
press I give you this I am NOT a
political figure and I'm not not bound
by those more strict rules I love those
strict rules they should be strict keep
them strict because we don't want
politicians suing newspapers every day
for for insults that's great but if you
are a private citizen ladies and
gentlemen of the jury and your personal
reputation was connected to your brand
and somebody on the internet who
as a journalist not a regular citizen
someone who has editor-in-chief of a
news organization in their profile so
everybody can see who they are if that
person says even jokingly bla bla bla
white nationalist and I show you the
survey that says how many people believe
that that was probably true I have
demonstrated first of all it's obvious
that a brand is damaged by being a white
nationalist do you ladies and gentlemen
of the jury agree with that point that
it is I don't need to show you my
spreadsheet of the actual damages I
simply have to show you that it's a
public public idea that it's false that
the person who showed it could have
easily known it was false and by the way
if they are reckless in checking the
facts they're still guilty of defamation
so just because they're a journalist
doesn't mean that you know just being
wrong is going to protect them if
they're wrong and they did a good job of
trying to be right they're safe
you don't give sued for being wrong if
you did a good job of trying to get the
right story and you just got it wrong
that's a perfect defense what did John
cook put any time into finding out if I
am a white nationalist or not I would
contend he did not because of anybody
who would put in a minute of study would
have found out that's obviously easy to
disprove so here is the test case that I
do not believe there is a precedent so
all of you lawyers who tell me Scott
Scott Scott you've got no case here here
is the test case he was operating under
the flag because it's in his profile
what his job is he was under the flag of
legitimate well-known news organizations
right that's what makes this different
secondly the other thing that makes it
different is me I'm not a regular person
I'm not a I'm not a political elected
person in which case I'd have no case
I'm also not a regular citizen in which
case I would also have no case
I'm a special case I'm a regular citizen
who is associated with a brand and known
worldwide to some extent demonstrating
that I have been damaged and that he did
not do any care would be easy now
imagine that I hired the best lawyer in
the world whose name I already have so
just imagine just imagine that I've
already been I've already started the
process of contacting the Darth Vader of
 lawyers just imagine that
hypothetically because it's actually
happening the worst lawyer you would
ever want to see on the other side just
imagine that's happening right now now
secondly imagine that I'm a trained
hypnotist oh wait I am
imagine that I'm unusually persuasive oh
wait I am imagine me working with the
Darth Vader best lawyer in the world the
last person you ever want to see who one
imagines is quite persuasive him or
herself how would you like to be on the
other side still wanna bet against it I
don't think you do
so let's find out what happens I'm also
thinking of suing Jezebel I was looking
at a piece they wrote where they quoted
something I did say and then immediately
after the text of what I did say they
summarized it as the opposite of what I
just said and what they just published
again easy to prove that that it was
intentional because it's I don't even
have to look at another source the
actual page says what I said and then
the the writer says well and he's saying
the office of that
there's not a jury in the world who
would see that that that person
summarized what I said correctly easy
lawsuit and very damaging I would say
that Jezebel I could sue for a hundred
million dollars in lost revenue I hate
to brag but they probably did cost me a
hundred million dollars because almost
no no woman who would let's say be in
charge of hiring me to be a speaker or
something like that they're gonna Google
me and the Jezebel article comes up it
says terrible things about me would you
hire somebody to be a speaker if you
could Google and one of the one of the
search results is like he said that now
I didn't say that I didn't but they're
going to think so so my licensing
business and my speaking business have
both collapsed a lot of it is because of
the Trump stuff but even before that
there was a huge disappearance of female
mostly female followers so I had a you
know a substantial female fan base for
Dilbert when the fake news came out it
was pretty widespread when it happened
and yeah I just watched those numbers
just disappear so yeah I could
demonstrate I could demonstrate a pretty
clear correlation between years when
Jezebel did their thing here's all the
people who repeated it on social media
it's all discoverable and then here's
what my income did
easy so I'm looking at the comments and
I'm waiting for people to say what
people were saying on Twitter for the
last two days they were saying they were
saying that I don't understand the law
and Scott Scott Scott how could you be
so dumb I'm not really seeing anybody
saying that here maybe that's just
because you're more supportive than me
yeah as opposed to my argument somebody
asked is the is Business Insider owned
by The Washington Post I don't think
that's exactly the case but Jeff Bezos
who is a major investor in Business
Insider any owns Washington Post
so they're both Jeff Bezos properties
which I hate because I gotta tell you it
Amazon is just the best company ever you
know they've had their hiccups right
like everybody but damn do they get the
customer experience right I mean it's
like it's like a eighth wonder of the
world so you know I will disagree with
the Bezos politically but as a
technological you know entrepreneur Wow
Amazon literally just impresses me every
time I use it I can't even use that
thing without going wow that was
surprisingly good all right let me give
you one one extra tidbit that's only for
the people who stayed this long that I
like to make sure there's a little gift
at the end for anybody who sticks with
it you probably know the story that I
was in some beds to deal with a sinus
infection thing and the weird thing that
came out of that was I regained my sense
of smell and taste that I had not had
for over a decade
completely unexpected I didn't realize I
had some kind of polyp problem in my
eustachian tubes you don't need to know
the details but they put me on this
thing called prednisone and some heavy
antibiotics and fairly quickly my hear
my
my taste and smell came back and I still
have them imagine that like how cool is
that but here's the funny part the
reason I went to the doctor in the first
place is because I was losing my hearing
so my hearing returned - because it all
turned out to be related to the same
things now I have my hearing back so I
got my taste back I got my sense of
smell back and I got my hearing back I'm
not done yet if that was my whole week
that would be amazing
but I'm not even done this week I
learned that I thought I had allergies
the worst allergies people have ever had
like I'm talking about you know half a
box of Kleenex a day allergies just all
the time it doesn't matter if it's
spring or fall just all the time the
exception is when I smoke marijuana
which immediately stops the symptoms but
generally speaking I we know that I'm
sorry allergies all the time now I also
had have asthma
now the asthma is triggered by the
allergies so yeah I had to treat them
both all the time with different meds
and neti pots and you know you name it
so it was this lifelong thing and guess
what
turns out I don't have allergies because
when the when the sinus infection was
treated I have no allergies for the
first time in my
adult life let me say that again I don't
have allergies I've gone let's say 40
years ish having the worst allergies I
thought anybody ever had every day all
day except when I smoked marijuana and
it was triggering me to allergy to
asthma and I might not have either one
I'm completely free of allergies they're
gone
and so I said to my ear nose throat
person I said you know my allergies went
away for the first time in my life and I
said is it possible that I had this
sinus infection for decades because that
doesn't seem possible right could you
have the same sinus infection for
decades and she looked at me and she
goes yep this week I got my hearing back
my sense of smell my sense of taste I
found out I don't have allergies and
presumably won't ever have them again
you know if I treat this and I don't
have asthma are you kidding me are you
kidding me if I'm not running the the
simulation I don't know who is so if
somebody's asking if it's connected to
voice loss
indirectly because the voice loss that I
suffered there was three and a half
years where I couldn't speak I got all
kinds of issues that happened because of
a normal respiratory problem that I
tried to speak too hard and then I
locked into the the talking problem that
in this way happens for most people they
strain their voice and then it triggers
something in their brain and then they
lose their ability to speak so I got
that fixed obviously or you wouldn't be
listening to me now there's a better
part are you ready so I finally got off
the prednisone and off the the worst of
the buy antibiotics one of them was just
kicking my ass I mean it just made me
feel sick all the time here's the best
part
do you know what one of the side effects
if there is both of those drugs the
prednisone and the antibiotic they had a
number of side effects and I had pretty
much everyone but there's one side
effect that you might find interesting
it can make you aggressive have I seemed
aggressive lately yeah yeah pretty much
and I don't think I've been much a much
more aggressive that I have in the last
several days now here's the interesting
part I had friends contact me was very
worried because they could see what
looked like a change in behavior and I
was being unusually angry and aggressive
because I you know for a while I was
just blocking trolls but for the last
several days I've just been using them
for target practice I mean just just
obsessed with you know mocking them into
irrelevance no I don't need to I just
liked it I enjoyed it so here's the part
that you can't recognize from the
outside yes I could feel the anger yes I
could tell that I was more angry than
normal yes I could tell that I was being
more aggressive not just online but just
a little more aggressive but here's the
party you don't get well you'll get it
easily when I explain it I didn't feel
bad there along with this aggressiveness
and the anger is a feeling of power yeah
somebody has so many heroes out of me
there is a feeling of confidence and
power
yeah weight gain oh yeah oh yeah I ate
like a pig so I gave little weight I
love the lost most of it already it's
easy for me to lose weight so I just you
know I was back in a couple days
so yeah so while people were worried
about me and saying my god you know you
must be having a terrible time I hope
you're okay I kept thinking what why is
anybody worried about me I'm having a
great day today
I'm yelling at roles I'm I'm railing
against CBS I'm getting ready to sue
people whoever coming now one of the one
of the tricks I've told you before is
that when you have a bad day or a bad
few days then you can batch up all the
things that you'd put off because you
didn't want the trouble you know how
many things in your life are if you pull
it off because you don't want the
conflict you don't want to complain
about that thing you don't want to you
don't want to get that person mad well
that's all go on I think I'm coming off
of the the effects now but certainly the
certainly my personality completely
changed now this is also instructive for
those who are you trying to understand
addiction because a lot of people think
hey oh yeah bill pulled a was it was
doxxed yesterday can you frickin believe
it bill pulled a just trying to give
money away his own money and getting
other people to give money to people who
deserve it and he and for his work he
got doxxed and it caused them a lot of
trouble yesterday can you believe it can
you believe anybody is that evil
unbelievable unbelievable I would be
swearing - if this were yesterday
but I think I'm coming off the effects
of the drug anyway my point was there
are people who don't understand
addiction when a person is making a
decision for the first time to do a drug
there's something like you know what you
would call free will but I don't call it
that but something like a decision
that's being made to do a drug for the
first time but once they reach addiction
which happens pretty quickly if it's an
opioid for example
once they reach addiction they aren't
the person who can make decisions
anymore they're now a new person they're
a combination of who they were plus this
drug and that makes it a new creature
and that new creature doesn't have the
will or the capacity to say no to the
drug so the worst opinion about
addiction is that that person should
just try harder and use the willpower
d'arnot I can avoid the heroin why can't
you a complete understanding of how the
brain works and what it makes to be a
person the drug and the person are a new
entity I I can tell you my stepson who
died a little less than a year ago from
fentanyl when he was using because he
was badly addicted for years when he was
using you almost couldn't recognize the
person I'm almost at the you know I
almost had the cake to share that of him
one day because it was it was like a
zombie situation you know he was
conscious but the lights were out there
there was nothing like a human in there
anymore
I'm just complete lack of the original
boy he just wasn't there anymore now
when he would briefly clean up he would
you turn back into the boy that I knew
and loved but when he was using he
wasn't even that boy he was just a
different creature and we had to deal
with it like a creature you couldn't
even deal with it like a person it was
just a creature so if you're wondering
why I was so angry that might be why it
probably was the meds I was on there was
a known side effects and it was I did
feel different but I didn't feel bad I
didn't feel bad so if you're feeling
sorry for me don't I had a good week and
I will talk to you
later