bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum hey everybody
it's good to see you it is really good
to see you you know I enjoy doing these
periscopes probably more than you enjoy
watching them it's good to see all of
you so gather round grab a seat make
sure you take some seats up front grab
your beverage container it might be a
glass or a cup or a mug it could be a
tank or just eyeing a chalice it might
be a thermos but whatever it is fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the simultaneous
scent room Oh
delicious I hope yours was as good as
mine well we got some fun things to talk
about today have you ever had one of
those weeks where it feels like the
entire darn planet is starting to shape
up your way I'm having that kind of a
week I'll tell you a little bit about it
but first some other things in the news
my favorite part of the news was Joe
Biden appearing in public and trying to
navigate the new attention he's getting
for his eskimo kisses and head kisses
and other touchy behavior so he made two
awkward jokes in his recent appearance
you know he joked that somebody gave him
permission to hug her and then when some
kids got it came up he jokes to the
audience about a child he says this
about a child who's standing next to him
quote he gave me permission to touch him
do I even need to say more about that
I'm pretty sure that my my first choice
to run against President Trump would be
Biden
now holy on the entertainment level so
so so from just an entertainment level
oh my god do I want Biden to run against
Trump I don't think he's gonna get there
I still think that Biden didn't Sanders
will not make it to the finish line nor
will bait oh okay so I think it's going
to be Kamala Harris but here's what to
watch for early on it seemed that Kamala
was the chosen one but have you noticed
that she doesn't get any press anymore a
little bit but she's basically
disappeared have you noticed that and
that all of the talk is about the three
white guys how would you like to be a
Democrat the party of inclusivity the
party of diversity in your top three not
just your top one
not just your top two but your top three
polling candidates or white guys and two
of them are ancient wouldn't you think
that your entire philosophy had somehow
wasn't working I'm not sure exactly
what's not working but if you're the
party of diversity and your top three
candidates are three white guys you're
not doing it right you're not doing it
right so it's funny but I guess that's
all I need to say about there was a
story about the White House here's one
of the smallest pieces of news today so
small that I don't think you'll see it
on any of your news sites and it goes
like this but so the White House has
rolled out a financial literacy program
financial literacy so people who don't
have money or people who are just
getting money for the first time can
learn how to manage the money how to get
it and how to keep it that's very
important because you could you could
give money to poor people all day long
they don't know how to manage it it's
just gonna go away now what's
interesting about this aside from the
fact that it just sounds like a good
idea and the president and the White
House is acting on it and it's like a
real policy and real things are gonna
happen here's what's interesting about
it the first place that I heard about
the need for financial literacy was from
black lives matter specifically walk
walk Newsom now I don't remember how
much how much publicity he got for that
particular point of view but it was one
that he talked with me about and so I
know it to be a at least a hawk Newsom
priority and it was always in his top
you know top three or four things was
financial literacy and so we're watching
this president who's being the subject
of a a rerun hoax
you know the rerun where it was a year
ago where he was accused of calling the
immigrants animals and of course it was
just out of context he was talking about
the ms-13 people being the animals but
it's a rerun so now we're watching the
same little rerun like it like it never
happened did last year and was never
hoaxes like his fresh and new again it's
just a rerun and while we're watching
that as if that's news it isn't news
it's just a rerun hoax meanwhile the
White House has accomplished and
actually put into law or at least put
into program one of black lives matters
biggest priorities now I should hesitate
my estate I should be quick to say that
one of the things that Hawk and by the
way Hawk and I have had our differences
which are well publicized but what he's
right he's right right there are things
he said promoted for that are just right
and so I'm gonna agree with him what
he's right and so this financial
literacy thing one of the things a hawk
has said I think he said it on Candice
Ellen's show which was a great program
by the way
he said that when the country does
things that help black people it helps
everybody and I may be paraphrasing
wrong but the idea is that anything you
do to help that segment is going to help
poor people of all types and this is a
perfect example because the the
financial literacy is not aimed at black
people it's it's aimed for a an economic
group of which there'll be a good number
of black people in it so Hawk is right
when when black people get their policy
requirements that are specifically the
ones that help the people in the in the
worst situation the only way you can do
it in a country like this is to help
everybody so I kind of buy into that
that philosophy anyway that's good news
it's great news and it's not gonna get a
press that the president did something
that black lives matter considered a
high priority you won't see that in the
news but it's real other fun news is
that Preet Bharara has a book coming out
if you know Preet he's sort of a famous
enemy of the President and he was at the
Southern District of New York and he was
fired by the president and he was one of
the biggest anti Trump errs and what's
interesting is that he's saying now that
their state of mind after the election
was Trump derangement syndrome now he
doesn't use those words but he says that
as clearly as if he used the words so
exactly and I gotta say my respect for
him went up a level now I still don't
like where he is you know I don't like
where he is but my respect from him was
absolutely disrespect because he was not
using any form of logic or reason and he
was doing things that my opinion were
absolutely bad for the country so I had
complete disdain for him and complete
disrespect
for him but his latest public statements
and of course he's gonna book out so you
know yeah you have to everything's a
grain of salt here but the fact that he
recognizes that his state of mind and
other state of minds were really the
problem
I haven't heard anybody say that before
who was who was suffering from the
problem we've seen now we've seen
Chelsea Handler start to say something
like that you know I talked about this
yesterday where she was realizing that
her reaction to the president was out of
proportion and now we've had a few years
of this president and we don't have to
guess what does a trump administration
look like wouldn't you say I mean there
plenty of surprises ahead but we don't
really have to guess it's its basic
nature it's not Hitler it's not crazy
stuff it's not out of control it's not
any of those things
in fact it's working on the big stuff
pretty well so now people who would like
to think of themselves as reasonable
have to reinterpret their world from the
fear that they had at Election Day 2016
to the reality that they observe right
in front of them which is nothing like
it it's very very different and so you
see their Preet and again I'll give him
credit has powered through it in a sense
in other words his his intellect has
allowed him to get outside of his bubble
a little bit very very rare the reason I
call it out is because you just don't
see this so even though I you know
dislike his views and there's a lot to
dislike about how he's treated things
the last couple years you have to give
him credit he's he managed to escape his
bubble a little bit and look at it from
the outside and that's a good sign all
right let's talk about
Don Lemon you know that I make fun of
Don Lemon as many if you do for his
anti-trump hysteria but the leaders on
Don Lemon is that he just got engaged to
his longtime boyfriend I guess Tim
Malone and so I just wanted to add one
positive thing today just one positive
thing which is congratulations Don Lemon
where we can disagree on all the
politics and stuff but we can be happy
for each other on a human level and so
congratulations Don I hope that works
out on another topic Jake Tapper I just
tweeted a Jake Tapper interview or not
and if you were a segment a little clip
in which he was doing a piece about
apparently there's a president Trump
plaque attached to part of a border wall
it just got constructed now what was
interesting about the story is although
the story it seemed that the point of
the story was to mock the president for
having his little the president built
this plaque on there and I guess the
joke is that the border security was
joking that they could use the plaque to
step on him to get over the wall you
know I think that was more of a joke
than a reality but what was interesting
about the coverage is how balanced it
was so sure it made fun of the president
for his little plaque but the context of
the the report Jake Tapper with no
prompting said that the president is is
supported by the border security
essentially that they are they're glad
that he's trying to get more important
security Jake admitted and I shouldn't
use the word admit I'll say he reported
because I'm adding too much bias to the
statement he reported that the president
got the money for the wall that's being
built and even though the wall had been
contemplated for a decade at least in
that span that the president got it
built and then he also credited the
president for starting with a
a vision of a solid concrete wall and
then changing according to what the
experts recommended - kind of a bollard
situation so he actually credited the
president for getting the money he
credited him for doing what the border
security people would like him to do and
he credited the president for following
the recommendation of the experts to get
the better technological solution and I
thought to myself doesn't that feel
different
doesn't that reporting feel a little bit
different oh he did he did throw in a
little dig about you know Mexico won't
pay for the wall but but look at it look
in total at just Jake Tapper's report on
the negative side he said you know they
could use the plaque to get over the
wall which was just a joke it was a
little bit mocking the president for
having a plaque on his wall when not
much has gotten done but that's a small
you know kind of a small story and and
there was a mention of Mexico now paying
for it but frankly I'm not sure how many
of us ever expected that that would
happen anyway but on the positive side
he got the funding he's building the
wall he listened to the experts and the
border security is on his side that's a
pretty good report right I mean that's
throwing every negative thing that you
can into the mix and they don't add up
to anything
there's a sort of interesting flavor on
the news but the real news is all
positive I don't think you can say
enough for the fact somebody saying Van
Jones made a powerful bipartisan
statement at the end of his show no
surprise because as I often say Van
Jones is the he's he's quickly becoming
a national treasure I don't think I'm
overstating about I laughed when I said
it you know because he sounded funny
coming into my own my own mouth but Van
Jones is sort of becoming a national
treasure
simply because he's willing to
objectively look at the two sides and
try to figure out what's real
instead of what spend and it looks like
he's willing to do that on both sides so
it's uh I'm seeing the insults for Van
Jones streaming by in the comments I
know you you may have your problems I
know you have your problems with them
but there are so few people who were
even willing to attempt to work with
both sides understand both sides and
really really try to make something work
he's kind of unique you got to give him
that all right I listen to is it Senator
Kennedy senator right senator Kennedy
talking about the request from Ways and
Means chairman Richard Neal an
apparently Richard Neal in asking for
president Trump's tax returns and
they're using a law that very clearly
says I guess Congress can ask for
anybody's tax returns if they have a
reason here so here's the reason and
you've seen the reporting but every time
you hear this it makes you shake your
head that the chair of the Ways and
Means is actually trying to sell the
American public on this story that the
reason they need the president's tax
returns is to quote determine how well
the IRS is auditing is there anybody who
believes that is there anybody in the
world who believes that's the reason and
it's it's an interesting legal question
because apparently Congress has the
total power very clearly to ask for any
tax returns they walked they just need a
reason so he offered a reason it's a
completely BS reason and it's
transparent BS and there's not anybody
on either side who would see it as
anything but BS but it still might be
legal now my take on this is that there
isn't the slightest chance not the
slightest chance that the president's
lawyers will let him give up the tax
rate
I just don't see it happening and I
might go to the Supreme Court or
whatever but I don't see any chance that
you got you're ever going to see the
president's tax returns and by the way
if you do if you do see the president's
tax returns then no matter what happens
to the president I think I would
dedicate the rest of my days to making
sure that Ways and Means chairman
Richard Neal loses his job because the
the blowback for that would have to be
career-ending right the this is a case
where the the Democrats need to be
careful what they wish for because if
they if they ever succeeded in getting
the president's tax returns I don't care
what's in them
good or bad I don't care what's in them
whoever was behind asking for them has
to be targeted for political destruction
political destruction you know they they
just have to lose their jobs so all the
money in the world needs to flow into
whatever the opposite candidate is for
their party's because those people just
need to not be in government anybody who
could do that kind of thing right in
front of the American people essentially
not essentially but anybody who could
disrespect the voters to that degree
that he would try to sell us this BS
story right in front of us that's just
disrespectful
all right and that would have to have a
penalty you the public would have to act
on that all right let's talk about an
update on climate science well actually
let me give you an update on generation
for nuclear so here's a big big story
that doesn't look like a big story it's
a big big big story the New York Times
just read a very long opinion piece by
three authors and one of which is Steven
Pinker and it was an article saying that
among other things it said that we
should use the nuclear option meaning
generation four nuclear to solve climate
change
and that it works you know can work in
cetera
yeah what's interesting about that what
is interesting about the fact that
Steven Pinker was one of the three
people who is persuading and this is
powerful persuasion business in the New
York Times but is persuading toward
nuclear what's important about that the
fact that it's Steven Pinker is that
that he is it as Harvard connection I
mean that counts but now I want to see
if I want to see if it's obvious to you
is it because he was suffering from TDS
no it's because he's a cognitive
scientist he's a cognitive scientist do
you know what cognitive scientists or
experts that well they're experts that
you know a fairly large range of things
in that field but he's an expert at
persuasion he knows how the brain works
so the New York Times is running an
article by an expert I wouldn't I don't
think he would call himself this but in
order to understand he you know
cognitive stuff the way he does clearly
he would also know how to influence it
would be it would be part of his skill
set I think that's a safe assumption and
so now you're seeing what feels like a
turn in the public consciousness so you
see people like me I'm just a persuader
and I'm persuading that people at least
understand the generation for option
steven pinker
now in the New York Times a great
persuader is persuading the same way now
the you know you've you've probably
wondered why it is that all the people
who seem to be associated with the
political right seem to know about
nuclear and know that it's a good option
and and are more likely to know about
generation four but the people on the
left for whatever reason
seem to be just they haven't gotten the
memo it's like that knowledge hasn't
penetrated the silo but the New York
Times penetrates the silo now I don't
know to what extent the New York Times
is still the news maker this is a term
that we people in the media have used
for years and it means that if something
is in the New York Times then all the
other news outlets see it and they say
oh if the New York Times says this is
worth talking about and we should talk
about it too so things don't become news
until at least one big news entity says
it's news and then the others can just
piggyback off of that but going first is
the hard part and the New York Times
apparently has done that now wasn't in
the news section it was in the opinion
section but it was very large and you
know I've got a lot of real estate it
was a pretty large article so I should
have a similar effect not as much as
news but it should have a similar effect
of penetrating the bubble on the left
and what is the biggest issue that
people talk about with nuclear in
generation four I've not heard anybody
complain about generation for nuclear
once they learned what it was if you if
usually they say well what about the
nuclear fallout if there's a meltdown
and you explained that the generation
four is built so that they can't
meltdown even if everything goes wrong
it's not even the possibility given the
design and then they say well what about
what about the nuclear waste you say
actually generation four will eat the
nuclear waste from the old plants it
actually reduces nuclear waste and then
people say oh all right all right well
all right if if it's not really a
significant you know risk of radiation
and it's not creating nuclear waste well
here's my last complaint we don't know
how to make them you know the technology
isn't ready to which I say you need to
explain that through the Department of
defense and to Canada and to China
because Canada just put out a bid for a
generation for nuclear designs an actual
bit as in you give us the best bid and
you're gonna start building Department
of Defense just the same thing for small
small designs that can fit on the truck
and if the Department of Defense is
putting on a bid and I think China is
already building a Gen 4 and I think
there's other work in other places so
the technologies here basically so the
technology is here and here's and then
the last the last complaint I hear is
okay well maybe nuclear could work but
you know wouldn't solar be faster better
we could get there quicker we could ramp
up the answer is I don't know nor does
anybody else there is no way to know if
40 years from now solar you know had
some breakthroughs and became far more
cheaper and became nothing and we
developed battery storage so that we
didn't worry about the the non sunny
times maybe 40 years ago anything could
happen
but the same with generation for nuclear
40 years I don't know what are you gonna
do in nuclear in 40 years a lot right so
nobody knows which of those two is the
one if you had to bet on one you just
wouldn't know nobody is smart enough to
know which of those to bet off so that
on both it would not make sense to bet
on one unless you had limited money now
the world has limited money and the
United States has limited money but the
money that's going into these two fields
seems to be mostly private money people
who want to see if they can make money
and there doesn't seem to be a funding
problem in either area and if there were
a funding problem it's not a big enough
problem that it couldn't be you know it
couldn't be satisfied
so if you have any business sense and
you're looking at this problem you're
saying to yourself well the scientists
say climate change is a problem skeptics
say it isn't let's say I don't know I'm
worried because somebody scientists say
it's a problem but I don't know what do
you do if you can't be sure
well as luck would have it you have two
options and both of them you would do
whether you're sure or not there's still
the right thing to do so you would still
do solar as hard as you could just to
get it to the best possible state you
would still do generation for nuclear as
fast and as hard as you could and you
would do both of them whether or not
climate change was a problem wait until
the United States citizens understand
that wait until the citizens of the
United States the voters understand that
you don't need to know if climate change
is a problem you can just say either way
our solution is the same because it also
sells pollution there solves the cost of
fuel it solves the you know where are we
gonna get all this energy for the
growing world it solves all the problems
whether or not climate change is real
and we have enough money we have the
technology of course you do both so
here's the best news you've ever heard
climate change we have a known solution
maybe two you know it could be solar as
a solution but at the very least
generation for nuclear is definitely a
solution so do both maybe you're wrong
about nuclear maybe wind takes over in
40 years who knows but we do have a
solution to it I would say that's a that
is a safe fact now on the question of
whether climate change is the real risk
that decide to say as most of you know
I've been doing a deep dive on this over
months trying to figure out how a non
scientists such as myself and I'm kind
of your proxy doing this
I'm digging into us and you don't have
to I'm trying to see what an odd
scientists could conclude about how much
risk there is from climate change and I
got down to two challenge questions
which were the two best skeptical points
and I wanted the scientists to see if
they had an answer the current update is
yes the scientists do have an answer for
mine for what I thought were my two most
powerful skeptical claims one of them
was that we've had this rate of increase
in the past and it was before we had co2
were a lot of co2 and turns out that's
true we have had this increase of the
past but the scientists say we know why
in the past there were volcanoes in the
past there was some more industrial
pollution they say in that part I don't
find convincing I can't believe there
was actually more industrial pollution
in the past it seems like if you add
China into the mix there seems like
there's more industrial pollution today
in the whole world
maybe there's lessen Los Angeles but I
can't believe there's less anyway and
then the other thing was some other
other greenhouse gases were in higher
amount
I think ozone or whatever whatever it
was there was some of the greenhouse gas
so my challenge was is there any
scientific answer not that it's the
right answer but do they have an answer
have they have they judged this question
of why there was a similar rate of
increase in the past and have they
explained it well I would say their
explanation I can't judge so I'm not a
scientist and so I don't know if their
explanation is good enough
scientifically valid to explain the
other high-rise earlier in you know in
the last hundred years but they do have
one they do have one there are papers
about it it's something they've worked a
lot and they're happy that they have
explained it so I'm going to say that
that skeptical claim is no longer strong
because there is an answer and it's a
robust answer even if it turns out
so I can't judge the truth of it I can
only I can only say is there a credible
response to it and the answer is yes
then the last remaining one was the
claim that the Russian climate model is
the only one that's different from the
other 30 or so and that the Russian
model is the only one that's been
accurate and it doesn't show warming to
be a problem you've probably heard this
argument right and today I got an answer
on that it's just not true
it's just not true that there's such a
thing as a Russian model that has a
different result than the other models
and it's the only one that's accurate
and it shows there's no problem
simply never happened it's just not true
and that was the answer I was looking
for and by the way I got that from a a
working climate scientist who showed me
all the models and it was a terrible
graph and he did a bad job of explaining
it but all I wanted to do was hear the
other side I wanted to hear them say no
there's no such thing as a Russian model
that's accurate that's just not a thing
now I looked into a little more and I'm
not sure I know the answer but I believe
the answer is this that if you if you
use one data set that I think is the
satellite measurements of the upper or
lower troposphere lower troposphere one
of those traps fears that if you if in
that one data set the Russian model
seems to be an outlier but all the other
data sets the Russian model behaves like
the other ones and so the fact that the
Russian model was an outlier on one
dataset only doesn't seem to be
meaningful alright so I would say that
that argument which sounded very strong
had it been completely true and
completely true meaning every data set
that you would get the same answer the
Russian models the only one that's
accurate
turns out that's just nothing like that
is true so rather than ever conclude
that climate science is completely true
and a big problem
or to conclude the opposite there's all
a bunch of BS I'm not sure I can ever do
that cuz I'm not a scientist but I will
tell you in the course of my research
into it who's ahead at the moment and
this is just today literally just today
the climate scientists are ahead meaning
that the the night the so-called 97% of
scientists which is a label BS number
but the majority of climate scientists
have answered every question that I
could find that looked like a good a
good skeptical argument they do have an
answer for every one that I have
personally been able to identify so that
puts them that puts them in the lead
tomorrow somebody might say well Scott
you forgot about XYZ why don't you
factor that in I could change it
tomorrow so I'm not gonna settle on a
final answer and they do this I would
say that the strongest argument against
climate science risk is that humans are
really good at fixing stuff in the long
run you know the the ozone hole didn't
kill us we didn't run out of oil y2k
didn't kill us we didn't run in a food
and starve to death
we're really good at fixing stuff in the
long run and when you look at what I was
talking about with Jen for nuclear you
look at the solar possibilities it looks
like we're gonna have a good handle on
this and that the long-range predictions
probably will will not kill us all
that's my feeling all right and I think
I I think I covered at all you did not
say anything I did not say anything I
don't know what that comments about but
if you could clarify that comment there
may be something you need me to clarify
and I'll be happy to do that
oh why is the week going your way
the week is going my way because it's
obvious now that the world is waking up
to the fact that generation four nuclear
is is an obvious way to go the New York
Times article etc and that's something
I've been persuading toward for several
weeks along with Mark Snyder who spent
in my opinion the most influential
person in the conversation
because he's the one who actually
understands the area he's helped explain
it to me and explain it to other people
who can take the message forward so mark
has weaponized me and I have weaponized
a number of people to know how to talk
about generation four so at least people
know about it right that's that's all we
can do the scientists still have to do
with the scientists do but at least we
could know about it we also see that the
I don't want to say this is going my way
because this is a is it's a bad news
story but the crisis on the border has
completely rendered the strongest
argument against President Trump
absolutely falsified you know the the
the Trump approach to border is if you
don't create good disincentives if you
don't have disincentives you're gonna
get so many people that even if it's not
a problem now it's gonna be a problem
and sure enough we did not create the
incentives in fact we agree we created
incentives to come instead of incentives
to not come and sure enough it's a
crisis it's a great so so the
president's approach to the border has
been in my opinion completely validated
but nobody wanted this crisis and it is
a real human crisis and I don't want to
make you know political I don't want to
be celebrate the political part of it on
the backs of people who are suffering
because there seems to be quite a
gigantic problem for the people who are
trying to make here so I don't want to
do a victory dance
tragedy but the fact is that the way I
expected the world to go is starting to
go that way right and you know pretty
much everything else is looking good -
yeah and the it looks like the wouldn't
it be funny if the molar report comes
out and there isn't anything new there's
just nothing in there what do you think
of the odds that the the full details of
the molar report will be d3 I'm gonna
call this d3 disappointment 3d one was
the election itself disappointment one
where everybody went into ttsi and then
when the Muller report was summarized by
bar that was d2 disappointment - ah
isn't that likely that would we see the
details of the report there will be
stuff to talk about but then it's gonna
be a big letdown
I think it's D 3 D 3 coming up and let
me put it this way if there were
surprises in the molar report to come
what are the odds that we wouldn't know
about those things already there could
be surprises in the in the other
direction and wouldn't it be funny if
they did get a hold of his tax returns
and there was just nothing nothing
interesting there what what if they got
a hold of his tax returns and the worst
thing on them is that let's say this net
worth was as much as he claimed what if
that was the worst thing that would be
reason enough for him to want to prevent
them but if that was the worst thing it
would just correspond to what people
were expecting you know people would say
oh well we figured he'd probably
exaggerated that a little bit
what if they dig in and they find
that the Trump exaggerated the value of
his properties when he tried to get
loans but that he minimized the value of
his property when he was trying to pay
his property taxes what if we found out
that he did that well that we found out
that he has good he good has good tax
accountants he a good tax accountant
will entirely legally minimized the
value for property tax purposes while
telling the bank that hey we'd better
throw in this goodwill and all these
other intangibles and that you know get
a bigger value I think I think you would
just find out he was operating his
business like every other business so
it's possible that there are no
surprises there but who knows now if you
want to know how well the world is
working or the country is working look
at what let's look at CNN top left right
so this will tell you if the world is
falling apart or if the world is going
well here are the top stories on CNN's
website in the top left those are the
things they consider the most important
stories top left Lori Lightfoot become
the city's first gay leader thanks to
black voters have you ever seen a better
story than that I mean talk about a
healthy story for the country what could
be healthier then I'd be just listen to
this again I mean just just absorb the
enormity of this little statement the
biggest news in CNN Lori Lightfoot
became the city's first gay leader
thanks to black voters well the second
part is badness says whose churches tend
to treat women and LGBTQ members as
second-class citizens but the point of
it still is that where we expected a lot
of description
this is CNN save us this is CNN's
article saying they expected
discrimination from black voters against
LGBTQ and against women and it didn't
happen it didn't happen
they expected black people to vote in a
bigoted way this is CNN CNN article says
there that there was an expectation that
black people would vote in a bigoted way
against women and against LGBTQ and it
didn't happen can you get better news
than that
like what literally if you were to sit
down and say to yourself alright let's
say I want to make up a story it's got
to be like really good news for the
country it would look exactly like that
there's something here saygus it's not
news I don't know yeah it's not really
news news but it's kind of news and
Morris says more on this top left it
says black women govern only 4% of the
biggest US cities but their numbers are
growing so the numbers are growing part
is the positive part of the story so
black women are doing great I said that
before and and that's it here's some
other stories these are the top stories
Obama jokes about Michelle leaving him
that's a headline a headline about a
joke literally a joke and here's your
shift shift says I don't regret calling
out this president what that that's
let's look the least important thing
I've ever heard in my life an ex
football coach will run for Senate
Tapper on Trump's plaque that was a
story I talked about that's it that's it
let's go to Fox News find out what the
bad news is on Fox News it's something
about Trump's tax returns we'll never
see them something about a crime but
that's you know crime
and annex Democratic staffer admits
dachshund five GOP senators small story
basically there's no bad news in the
news
think about this remember you notice the
dog that didn't bark think about this
just just absorb for a fact that I just
checked two competing news sites there's
not any bad news there's not any bad
news
our wars are all wrapping up the economy
is screaming it looks like the China
trade deal is is getting closer to an
agreement
China's agreed to you know make fentanyl
derivatives the death sentence which the
president asked for the president is so
right on the border that now it looks
like we'll probably get enough resources
to do something he was so right on that
and the biggest news lately is that car
pay don't got a lot of attention oh by
the way the New York Times wrote a big
piece about the president's favorite
meme maker which was carpe Duncan
so congratulations car pay for your new
high visibility very very well deserved
I don't know if I could leave this point
right away but but do you get the
enormity that there's no bad news it's
it's the most amazing thing you've ever
seen in your life and you probably
didn't notice the most amazing day of
your life you probably didn't notice
that most of our major problems are
solved are being solved and I think
health care is still a problem so but
it's also not a headline nobody's
talking about it today
yeah and the Julian Assange stuff is the
fog of war I don't know what's happening
with you leave massage somebody's asked
in the comments but it's hard to comment
on that because I don't just don't think
we know what's happening the wars
haven't stopped no I know the words
haven't stopped but they're winding down
there they're having in the good
direction not the bad direction now
Venezuela my understanding is that the
there are only a hundred probably
Special Forces troops from Russia in
Venezuela and the smart people are
saying yeah just ignore it it'll take
care of itself just just ignore the
Russians and Venezuela they have to be
there to try to protect their
investments but in the long run with all
the leaders of other countries being
against Maduro this is the matter of
time all right
for those of you who bought when tokens
the crypto tokens that my my startup
created as part of the interface by when
hub product you may know that the last I
checked they were up to four cents on
the hot bit exchange when I started
talking about them they were at one sec
which is not unusual for a new crypto
offering so it has increased the value
400% in two weeks or one week now you
should not hear that and say my god I've
got to go buy these things because that
means they will keep going up forever
I'm not saying that they are not
investments as investments ago and I
don't recommend any investment this or
any other I'm simply stating facts that
my startup went up as a product called
interface by what hub associated with
that are crypto tokens you can pay cash
to use the product to call an expert or
you could use these cryptic tokens and
it is true that we are listed on a
second exchange now la token was first
hotbed does the second we've got some
others lined up so you'll see some
others coming online and when you have
all of these variables in place which is
you've you know your lawyers have said
your token is good meaning that it
didn't violate any laws you've got
you've got you've got exchanges signing
up you've got to increase in the value
of of the token and it's associated with
a real product that's already built
which is rare it's rare in the crypto
world for these new crypto currencies
that are associated with startups it's
rare that the product is built and
actually working so when you have all of
those characteristics in play those are
the things which typically would cause a
a cryptocurrency to go up in value but
there are no guarantees I should say as
clearly as possible the long-term value
of any crypto except for maybe Bitcoin
and ether and a couple others but for
all the other rest of the universe the
long-term value is usually probably zero
for all crypto is in general this
particular one I feel good about in all
of the requirements that support the
value of them are coming into place but
no guarantees all right have you
invested in your tokens yeah I have I
have a ton of tokens that are created at
the time you create the tokens and I
have purchased a bunch more on the open
market and yeah I'll probably and I'll
be taking calls on the on the app as
well so you can buy them at Wayne hub
calm just with the credit card or you
can buy you can buy them on those two
exchanges I mentioned LA token and hot
bit all right that's enough for now and
I will talk to you later