[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
there's never been a finer moment into
your life it's just getting better and
if you'd like to take it up to a level
that I don't think anybody can even
understand all you need is a copper
muger a glass a tanker CH suin a canteen
jug or flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure it's the dopamine it
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it's happening
now oh that's good oh somebody has an
old dilbur mug with Dilbert's head on it
I'm seeing that on the locals platform
they can they can put pictures in their
comments well let's talk about all the
news I saw a post by uh Lori shimek
PhD who says that Alzheimer is showing
to be largely a lifestyle disease do you
believe that how many of you believe
that
Alzheimer's is more lifestyle than
genetic it might be both usually you
need the lifestyle to to initiate or
trigger the genetic
propensity and I I see what you're
saying that I think Lori shimek said the
same thing that type 3 diabetes is sort
of what alzheimers's is in other words
it might be too much sugar too much
wrong uh bacteria in your gut it could
be just living a bad life not bad but
you know your lifestyle would be
suboptimal I I'm uh tempted to believe
this it seems like it to me
anyway just keep that in mind
eite um do you think I should do a video
on uh my eating
system people get real mad when you when
you suggest there's a better way to eat
but the thing that uh I try to add to
the system is I'm not trying to tell you
how to do anything because you need to
come up with your own system but what I
can do is show you my system for example
I'll just give you a preview um part of
my system is I don't keep any unhealthy
food in my
house that's it that's whole system I
mean there's a number of other parts to
the system but that's that's what I'm
talking about so I use my human nature
my laziness to keep me healthy because I
know I don't want to drive somewhere to
get some unhealthy food so I'm just
going to eat whatever's air or skip a
snack so I might do a video on that cuz
I feel like like I could save thousands
of lives okay I just talked myself into
it well when I realize the size of my
audience and I realize that most of you
are here because you like hearing what I
have to say on various topics that makes
me
influential with you more than other
people because you're here voluntarily
so if I could tell you something that
would completely change your odds of
Alzheimers and keep you healthier
without much
effort I guess I have to do that so I'll
do that I'll commit to
that there's another big balloon flying
over the United States just in time to
distract us from God knows what but we
don't know if it's a threat maybe it's
just a big
balloon do you ever wonder if maybe
there's a big balloon going over the
United States at any given
time I feel like there's just always one
up there and whatever you need it's like
oh watch out watch out there's a balloon
here comes another balloon I don't know
what to think about this big old balloon
but I'm not going to worry about it
yet here's a little uh slice of
reality so yesterday I was offered the
opportunity to interview an expert on
the election from 2020 somebody who had
done much a lot of research and using
public records only had come to the
conclusion that you know there was an
obvious problem there
now and and then the offer was that I
could interview said person on my
show should I do
it advise me should I talk to an expert
on my show who will demonstrate that the
election uh in in the expert's opinion
um is confirmed to be crooked right lots
of yeses and lots of NOS the correct
answer is
no the correct answer is no would you
like to know
why and and by the way it's an easy
decision it's very
easy how would I know if the expert was
telling me the truth how would I know I
would have no way of
knowing that I remember I spent you know
probably one one year I think of doing
this I kept reminding you that the What
I Call The Joe Rogan model is the worst
way to find out what's true now The Joe
Rogan model and Joe Rogan's great and I
love his show and I recommend it and
he's a he's a National Treasure but if
you only have one point of view you have
that documentary effect if you're not
capable of factchecking it with your own
knowledge you have to have the other
expert there or the the opposing claim
if you don't have that you're just part
of a propaganda accidentally right it
would be accidental propaganda because
anytime you're showing one side of a
thing and you're not showing the other
side you're not
useful you might be right you might be
right I'm not saying that the
information is right or wrong my point
is I don't know so so risk number
one is that I could platform somebody
and without knowing it be spreading
misinformation without knowing it so I
don't want to do that but suppose um
suppose I invited another expert suppose
I invited somebody who says everything
was fine do you think they would come on
the show at the same time as the expert
who looked into it and says I found
something
bad of course
not there's not the slightest chance of
that why would they there's literally no
upside it's only downside CU I would
seem to them like a you know an
unfriendly and then they'd be going on
to a show with somebody who's you know
loaded with information they haven't
seen yet to make a claim that they
probably wouldn't have a good response
to even if it was a fake claim they
wouldn't be prepared for the claim so
nobody's going to say yes to
that and if they do say yes they're
going to cancel because they'll think
about it and oh there's no upside for me
so I can't show you an expert because it
would be an of context it would be
unfair I can't possibly show you both
sides so what is
left here's the problem although this
came to me through a source that I
consider credible so everything about my
contact with it was
credible I'll bet you that Cindy Powell
would say the same thing about whoever
told her there was a crack
am I right I'm guessing I wasn't there
but I'll bet you that Sydney Powell
heard from a source that she personally
trusted that there was a thing out there
and any moment you know it would all be
revealed and then it ruined her entire
career now imagine being in a political
season where all the people who have a
preference and an audience are being
targeted for
Destruction imagine me going off and
doing a an episode in which I've got an
expert even if the expert is right so
none of this has to do with who's right
it's just the look of it it would
basically put me in a situation to be
cancelled for being an election
denier even if the expert was right
because nobody would be able to agree on
whether they're right they just say well
here's a clip of that Adams guy who's
buying into the
Kraken so it's really a weird situation
because you can't get there from here
there there is a truth I don't know what
it is but there is a truth to the 2020
election but there's no
expert and no
data and no news that could possibly get
you to understand what really happened
in incredible way I don't know how to I
don't know how to solve that I mean if
you were going to do it in a reasonable
way you'd have a you a big project with
both sides and multiple people from both
sides and you dig into every claim and
all that that's a lot of resources and
nobody's going to do it because it would
require both sides it would require both
sides to have the same interest in the
truth and we know that's not the
case because the side that one the
election doesn't want anything to change
the situation so no nobody would ever
agree to
that all right um and and I'll say again
I do have no reason to distrust the
expert or the way it came to me uh they
all seem credible to me but credible is
not good enough that's the risk reward
there is pretty
bad there is a video I haven't watched
yet but I uh I repost it in case you
want to see it is called the American
history of voter fraud so what it
purports to do is give you a tour of all
the I guess they would say confirmed um
election problems since JFK
uh Lyndon Johnson days so I'm going to
watch it I'm not I'm not telling you
that it's credible or not credible I
don't know but remember it's a
documentary should you trust
it no unfortunately it's going to show
you one side and I'm sure that one side
based on just the preview looks like
it's going to tell you that there's been
rampant voter fraud forever in America
now I believe that to be true but just
be aware that if you're watching a
documentary with one point of view it's
always convincing doesn't mean it's true
but it will always be
convincing all right here's some axios
propaganda
um so they've got an actual tweet or a
post I can't believe this yeah and I
think it was uh The Babylon B was saying
is this parody like we really can't tell
at some point listen to this by using
the term this is what axio is saying in
the post by using the term open border
conservatives are falsely suggesting
that anyone can get into the USA without
much
hassle but
the doesn't this just seem funny it
doesn't even seem like they real this is
real I swear to God this they actually
said this but it gets worse they go on
but the southern border is more
fortified than it's ever
been what
well that is true because Texas just
fortified well at least that part of it
I guess is
fortified
um here's my take I really feel sorry
for anybody who still thinks the news is
real do you ever run into people who
still think the news is
real and you don't know what to do
because you can't really talk about the
topic with somebody who thinks news is
real yeah you have to go all the way
back okay okay okay I know you want to
talk about the border and whatever but
you going have to back up a little bit
do you understand that the news is not
real oh yeah there was that fake news
once from Fox News no no no I don't
think you're understanding I mean the
news the news it's not real well I watch
CNN so I don't see the fake news no no
I don't think you're I'm not getting
through the news and that would include
CNN is not
real well but I check it against the New
York Times no no no no no I'm not
getting through the
news is not real yeah but if I've looked
at CNN the New York Times and MSNBC and
they all agree I think that's no no slow
down
the
news is not
real and you really can't get past that
can you that's the end of the
conversation because if you think the
news is real you really can't have a
conversation with somebody who knows it
isn't there there's no way you can have
that
conversation and I think that's the
biggest problem with you know our
division in the country is that some
people think the news is
real all right um so so this is a funny
story uh Instagram apparently has a
limit on how many people you can block
per day did you know that yeah you'll
get a warning it says if you block too
many people so there was some user of
Instagram who was getting a bunch of
pedos and kept blocking them until there
was that message came on saying that she
couldn't block any more
pedophiles and and so this raised the
question
what is the allowed number of
pedophiles I know
it's I'm I'm just I'm just having a joke
with the obviously but but it does
create a
situation where by the nature of the
design it would appear that there's an
allowable number of
pedophiles it's like uh you know that
that first 25 totally unacceptable 26
through a th000 perfectly fine now of
course of course nobody sat down and
said let's make a rule that allows you
know the bad people on the platform so
none of this is intentional right
wouldn't you agree it's not
intentional you all agree with that
right this is obviously just a system
kind of
mistake well I would refer you to Mark
Andre one of the more notable famous
Silicon Valley
entrepreneurs um and also one of the
smarter people in the
valley and he reminded Us in in a
separate topic it wasn't about this
topic but yesterday he reminded us that
the purpose of any
design is what it does or the purpose of
any system the purpose of a system is
what it does so there's no such thing as
pretending it does one thing while
observing it does another that could
only happen
temporarily
temporarily you could build a system
that doesn't do what you want but if you
build a system that doesn't do what you
want and you don't change it ever then
one must assume it's doing what you want
because it's changeable you know it's
easily changeable so we must
assume the Instagram has a system in
which they prefer that you cannot
block too many of the bad people now you
I'm sure they have some internal reason
maybe it's to stop some kind of
automated attack or process or something
so I could I could imagine they'd have
some argument but there's no doubt that
the outcome of the
design is it allows bad people
in well Texas Attorney General Ken
Paxton had something uh provocative to
say about the Border he said that Biden
is quote clearly in partnership with
human
trafficking uh and the
cartels do you accept that do you accept
that Biden is quote clearly in
partnership with the
cartels well this gets us back to the
design of the system doesn't it if you
add a
system which gave the cartels everything
they wanted and gave you nothing that
you wanted the country
what would be the best working
assumption about how we got to that
place now i' would like to I would like
to introduce the concept to
you uh I've used it before but I did a
bad job of explaining why it's called
the working
assumption and you should introduce that
into your vocabulary and I'm going to
make a strong argument for it what we
normally do is say this is true even if
we don't know for sure or this is false
even if we don't know for sure sure or
we don't know and then you know that's
useless so whenever you say something's
true you going to get pushed back
whenever you get say something's false
you're going to get push back and then
you both agree to disagree and nothing
happens that's why I'm introducing this
new term that's harder to deal with it
goes like this if I
say uh it is a true fact that Biden is
working with the
cartels What do the Biden supporters say
they say approve it and I say well I
don't have any emails or anything like
that oh okay so you don't have any
evidence
well not really well do you have any
quotes where he said I'm working with
the well no no I don't really have any
quotes I don't have any documents I
don't have any
whistleblowers those are the things you
want and you want those right if you
want to find out what's true but here's
why the working assumption gets past
that I say I look at the border and I
say my working assumption is that it's
intentional because as Mark andreon
points out and he he didn't invent this
concept he was just pointing it out that
the design has gone on too long the
system has been in place under Biden you
know what he changed uh changed Trump's
system Trump's system was clearly
intended to reduce immigration nobody
nobody wonders because he did a thing
you know changed a bunch of processes
and executive orders and whatever it
lowered
immigration he said yes that's what we
wanted to do and then we observe that it
kept doing that would be a case where
there's no doubt whatsoever what the
system was designed to do now Biden
comes in changes a bunch of things gets
a result that is obviously bad for the
country and obviously good for the
cartels if he had changed it a month
after implementing it when it was you
know clear what it was going to do then
I would say oh that was just a bad
mistake that it's just a bad mistake
it's a good thing he corrected it but if
you keep it
running and you keep pretending you can
stop it when everybody knows you can oh
I don't have the power I don't know how
I'd ever go about stopping
this and time goes by
years and it becomes the biggest problem
in your country and you still don't stop
it the working assumption is that some
some element of the government is
working with the cartels now I don't buy
Ken Paxton's framing because he says
Biden is clearly in Partnership I
actually think Biden might want to stop
it I don't think there's evidence he's
in
charge I think that politically it's so
bad for Biden that if he were in charge
he would have stopped it it's obvious to
me it's my working assumption that the
CIA is working with the cartels which
would be normal business because the CIA
likes to partner with muscle they have
partnered with you know probably every
every bad organization in our country
and others because the muscle you know
you want to you want to own the unions
if they're going to March you want to
own black lives matter you want to own
antifa you want to own the mafia uh you
want to own the cartels now owning them
doesn't mean they do what you want them
to
do I don't mean that they're not under
under their control but rather they have
maybe an
interest an association based on
self-interest my guess is that since
I've never heard once of a cartel
bothering an American Manufacturing
Company in Mexico that there's no way
that's an accident
it looks like an arrangement in which
the CIA is allowing the cartels to earn
as much money as they want through their
illegal activities in return for letting
the American
corporations um be non-
molested now do I can I prove that nope
so if I claim that to be a
fact I'd be in
trouble but I don't claim it to be a
fact
I claim it to be a working
assumption now here's the reframe you
ready for
this as a working
assumption that is compatible with what
I see as a system which is seems to be
designed for this output my working
assumption is that the system given that
it's operated for a few years now is
intentional and if you want to talk me
out of that working assumption which is
not a belief it's not a belief it's not
a fact it's a working assumption if you
want to talk me out of it you're going
to have to prove it you see what I just
did there if I told you that Biden is
working with the cartels you you get to
make me prove it I made an allegation if
I make an allegation I better back it up
and I agree with that I should back it
up that's why I don't make
one I'm making an observation and
observation is that we have a system
which is very transparent we can all see
it we see what its outcome is and if
it's been running for a few years and it
wasn't originally corrected when we had
the chance you should assume working
assumption that it's intentional and
that the most obvious reason is that
there's some kind of working
relationship with the
cartels does that mean it's a fact no
does that mean it's a my
belief it doesn't mean that it means
means it's a working assumption that if
you were to take a different assumption
I don't know how you'd ever support it
how would you support the opposite
assumption that they didn't notice
there's a problem no that they were
unable to fix it clearly not
true right so the working assumption is
that this is an unsolvable problem
because we want it more than we want the
solution we meaning whoever is in charge
of the United
States how do you like that so so try to
try to use that
language uh because you can't be
debunked for
observing observing that the system is
sign and there's not really I don't even
know another explanation that would even
come close to fitting all the
observations now if you said to me Scott
the human trafficking is up but at least
they cut down on the fenel then I would
say to myself oh it looks like they're
really trying to stop the cartels from
doing illegal things but maybe one of
those things is harder to stop than the
other because they they stopped one you
know but the other one not so good so
I'd say the working assumption would be
they're trying to stop it all but one is
a harder problem but if you have a whole
range of cartel activities that are only
going in One Direction worse
my working assumption is that there's
some kind of arrangement with our
country in which we're allowing a
100,000 people to die from fenel because
we're getting something of
value that compensates for that
money all right working assumption try
it um I was thinking this today you know
the founders of
Google couple of white
boys imagine being the founder of
Google it becomes in my opinion the most
powerful U business in the
world now that's my opinion it's based
on the fact that they can influence how
we think by their their reach they can
manipulate the search engines Etc they
can find out everything about you and
build strategies based on it they can
manipulate you they can they can
brainwash you Etc but imagine just
imagine being one of the two Founders
you're a couple of white
boys and you wake up one day and you
realize you've created this the big the
most powerful in my opinion organization
in the world maybe in the history of the
entire world and you realize that you
trained the staff and also the products
the search engines the AI to
discriminate PE against people who look
like you and your
family is that is that
unfair that the founders of Google built
the most powerful company in the world
and it's now trained the staff almost
the entire staff and the product itself
to discriminate against people who look
like the founders of the company and
their
families that that's a real thing is is
that a
mischaracterization can anybody tell me
if that's accurate
that's not inaccurate is it is that
hyperbole is there any hyperbole there
any exaggeration they're white boys they
built Google most powerful entity You
could argue that but they're among the
most powerful and
then and then clearly the company is
anti- people who look like them how
would you feel about
that I mean I'm actually
curious do you think there's any member
of their family who's
saying you see what you did
there do you have any idea what you've
done do you think that Google can be
fixed I kind of think not I feel like
the rot is too
deep so it looks like it's a permanent
feature of
society so anyway I thought that two
white guys found in Google would be as
funny as Derek Chauvin being the founder
of
BLM and I would also go so far as to say
it's the biggest up in all of
business
history um yeah the the founders of
Google the company is a miracle it's
amazing but in terms of turning the
biggest company in the world into uh a
discrimination machine it's the biggest
 up in all of business history I
don't think anything's everever come
close
all right well I get all confused with
all the law fair story so let me see if
I got this one right
um so there was a
whistleblower who for a whistleblower
against a hunter in his business
dealings and The
Whistleblower uh went to jail for what
The Whistleblower did separately some
fraudulent stuff I guess but the
Whistleblower that was unreleased
uh to home home arrest you know they
could stay at home now I don't know if
you've ever been to jail personally I
have not but I believe that being at
home is like way better than being in
jail am I
right it's way better um but his uh home
confinement was apparently revoked after
he turned into a
whistleblower like immediately
after now does that look like he's being
punished it's like every other story I'd
wait for context it's one of those
stories where if you talk to the jail
they might have some reason you don't
know about you know maybe had some bad
behavior we're not aware of um but I
would certainly suspect that it fits the
pattern of the Department of Justice
being corrupt and
biased so I don't know keep an eye on
that uh MSNBC is getting mocked with
they had a host on there
um there was sort of anti-christian
nationalist it wasn't anti-christian but
it was anti-christian
Nationalist and the host or the guest I
guess uh said that if you believe your
rights come from God you're not a
Christian you're a Christian
nationalist if you believe your rights
come from
God and I guess the idea is that our
rights do not come from God and we do
not live in a system which would
recognize that uh our rights come from
God and the way that you know that we
have a system that does not recognize
that rights come from God is that in his
creation the it had these words endowed
by their creator with certain
inalienable
rights oh
okay so it's actually sort of built
right into the foundational documents of
our country uh
um however let me clear up all this
where rights come
from how many well let me ask you in the
comments how many of you think rights
come from
God do your rights come from God are you
endowed with the Neen rights lots of you
yes some PE some people say the Magna
Carta but I understand that point it's a
a little off point but I understand
where you're coming from how many of you
believe that your rights come from the
country you live in and the laws and
they say you can do this and you can't
do that how many thinks that the the
country gives you your
rights some yes some no all right uh
would you like to know the correct
answer the correct answer is nobody
gives you any
rights nobody gives you rights are you
serious
how would you believe anybody gave you a
right what did did God give uh did God
giv some countries different rights than
others and we can't agree what rights
God gave
us no God didn't give you any rights God
may have created you if if that is what
you choose to believe but I don't
believe was there was there a place in
the Bible where God said what your
rights are I don't recall that but I'm
not a somebody says implied no the 10
rules are what you can't
do yeah the The Ten Commandments are
what you can't do that's literally
taking your rights
away that's taking your rights away
that's what the Ten Commandments is it's
literally taking your rights away
because before that you had the right to
kill your neighbor I
guess until somebody told you you didn't
have I'm just kidding don't get to
worked up all right here's the correct
answer I'm pretty sure God was never in
the business of granting
rights I I don't think that was you know
I just don't think that was part of the
deal um you know it's like did God give
you some I
know traffic limits and it just doesn't
make sense th those seem like different
domains
you I think God had different interests
than the the law I don't even know if he
was I think he was kind of Silent on
that
anyway here's the
truth your rights don't
exist there's just people who can take
take away your ability to do things you
wanted to do that's it the the state can
take away your ability to do things even
if you don't like it and your religion
might um
might prevent you from doing things that
maybe you wanted to
do right so people can take away your
ability to do what you
want but nobody can give you
that right you you you start as a free
person and then people tell you what you
can't do so there's no such thing as
giving rights there's only taking them
away there's only taking them
away and if you understand that then
everything makes sense right you don't
need you don't need God to give you any
rights why does God have to give you a
right I mean that this seems like an
unnecessary
step be because why would God do
something that didn't need to be
done because unless it was a law taking
away your rights God wasn't limiting you
except for the Ten
Commandments so I think God actually was
silent on the question of you know your
whether you should own a gun or anything
like that so no there are only people
who can take your rights away there's
nobody who can give them to you so I do
say yeah I agree if you adjust for you
know the times I I guess I agree with
endowed by their creator with certain
inalienable rights if you're not a
Believer and I'm not then I just just
read that as you start with rights and
they can only take them away if they try
so that that seems like the better
reading all right did you see Trump do
his uh Biden impression of trying to get
off the
stage um I think this happened I think
that Trump was doing a huge rally in
South
Carolina and I somebody said that his
teleprompter
malfunctioned can you confirm that he
had a teleprompter malfunction or did
somebody just say that so I think what
happened is a trump stood in front of
you know a gigantic Stadium full of
people his teleprompter failed and he
just did I don't know 45 minutes of
standup and everybody loved
it now just try to imagine Biden doing
that do you think there's any
possibility that if Biden was speaking
and the teleprompter went off they would
leave him there somebody would be up at
that Podium immediately saying oh I'm
sorry Mr President looks like we got a
problem we have to do this later till a
prompter broke I think it was last night
so anyway I could use a fact check on
whether he really was Off Script but
apparently he has that capability which
is
impressive uh Tony blinkin apparently
says that people in the government
shouldn't use gendered words such as
Manpower you guys ladies and gentlemen
mother and father son and daughter
husband and
wife I only say it because it's funny
like there's nothing else to add to it
except just have a good laugh about
it um have you seen the video of Optimus
that's the Tesla robot musk posted a
little video of it walking so they've
actually got the robot walking around
the factory floor but I've said this
before but did they really need to make
the robot optimists walk exactly like
Joe Biden I mean it's exactly like Joe
Biden not a little bit it's exactly like
Joe Biden which makes me suspect that
the real Joe Biden died years ago and
he's been replaced with a Tesla robot
running on Gemini
AI because it acts like it and I'm
talking about Gemini
1.0
anyway then I guess uh Biden went to
visit a uh what the news is calling a
black
Diner did you know there's such a thing
as a black
Diner I thought it was just a diner and
everybody could eat there if they wanted
to so he goes to this so-called black
Diner and and uh you you have to watch
the video to watch how low the energy
is I'd like to give you my impression of
the high energy Biden going to the black
Diner oh how you doing
there uh H hi hi
there
it was terrific
really
scintillating well you know the word
that came to mind was
dynamism dynamism and the funniest part
was uh apparently they were like they
kept the uh customers sort of away from
the entry so that he could have a grand
entry and there were just a few people
there and so there maybe the owner of
the restaurant or something black guy
you know shakes hands talks to him looks
looks
good the third person he met in the
black Diner was a white guy who was just
eating alone so he he he wisely decides
not to skip the white guy so he has to
shake hands with the white guy in the
black Diner and I felt like he was like
ah wasting my
time this is all wasted energy I don't
have that much energy but I gotta shake
hands with the white guy in the black
Diner and I thought I I love the fact
that just some random bluecolor white
guy was eating at the black Diner when
when Biden went there because nobody
told him it's a black Diner he just
thought he liked the
food it's more evidence that all of the
the racial stuff is imposed upon us like
if you just let people do whatever they
wanted to
do they would just eat there for the
food and that would be the end of the
story
all right well there is more chatter
that Trump might be picking a VP soon
and I'm going to tell you that it's
getting easier and easier to predict we
could be wrong by the way predicting
vice presidential pick is the
hardest so it's the hardest so if I get
this one wrong just remember this was
the hardest challenge because there's
lots of variables that we don't always
see from the public however Trump is
signaling about as hard as I've ever
seen anybody signal now if I'm wrong
about this I'm going to be
surprised but all right one of the ones
you think uh would be a candidate would
be Tim
Scott and Trump is quoted recently as
calling Tim Scott quote the greatest
surrogate I've ever
seen so that's uh that's the kind of
energy you give your future vice
president isn't it he's the greatest
surrogate do you do you need to have any
more convincing that it won't be Tim
Scott do you know what you don't say if
you're going to if you even think it's
possible that you're going to pick him
as a vice president you don't call him a
surrogate my
God my God you don't call him a
surrogate all right so would you agree
with me there's no chance in the world
he's going to pick Tim Scott if he
referred to him in public recently as
the best surrogate of all time no
there's no chance he's going to pick up
that that's as clear as it could
be now I think that you can predict
Trump uh not by follow the money because
he's in a political realm but by follow
the energy and you know Trump says it
himself he's a he's an energy follower
energy Creator and if you follow the
energy who does that uh
suggest
V right V is the energy Trump knows it
the country knows it everybody can see
it there's nobody even close VI is
actually famous for energy he's famous
for going to he did what the uh the the
double grassly he went to every uh every
Precinct in Iowa twice nobody's ever
done that so he was famous for being on
every podcast never looking tired he
never looked tired have you ever seen
him look tired I've never seen it he's
out there doing push-ups and playing
tennis and hitting every every podcast
answering every question talking to
every person it's the most energy you've
ever
seen it's it's trumpian level of energy
if not
more now how in the
world does Trump ignore
that the energy monster himself the
biggest energy candidate we've ever seen
who wasn't
Trump and loves Trump and he seems to be
completely compatible with his views and
is the most
additive it's just a perfect team I mean
you could see it you can see it from the
moon you know you don't have to be in
the room you can see it from the moon
that they're
perfect um so that's that's my uh that's
my prediction follow the energy says
aake and let me go through the other
potential picks we talked about Tim
Scott being not likely and thees my pick
but the other potential candidates are
uh what were we talking
about okay
um here's a problem with all this
lawfare stuff that's going against Trump
uh as horrible as it is on many
different level levels and obviously
just lawfare and it's obviously not a
legitimate political process to
me if Trump doesn't win and jail at
least a 100 people in a
RICO
case they're just going to do it
again and they're just going to put him
in jail Wally's
president
so we've lost mutually assured
destruction with this lawfare stuff you
know we always had standard that you
don't prosecute the the losing
candidate and I think it's pretty
obvious that a lot of our leaders could
be more easily
prosecuted uh if you put a lot of effort
into it you could probably find
something on all of them but they didn't
do
it they didn't do it because it would be
mutually assured destruction if you
started doing it to the other side
they'd do it to you and then everybody
loses but apparently that that Unwritten
standard has been um violated and
ignored because of the lawfare against
Trump and his Mega
followers
and to me I don't know am am I just
completely biased about this to me it
seems completely obvious that the
Republic is
done we could maybe reclaim it that's
not impossible but it's definitely not
operating at the moment we're not in any
kind of democrat Republic to me it seems
obvious that the Democrats and maybe the
CIA um have rigged the system so that
voting shouldn't matter they've rigged
the media they've rigged the the legal
system if they have the media and the
legal system then the vote is just you
know if they have the ability to rig a
vote and I don't know that that's the
case it's just my working assumption
it's my working assumption that our our
elections are rigged not based on
evidence
based on observation of how the system
is designed remember design tells you
intention and we have a system designed
to not be auditable by Design everybody
knows it so my working assumption is
that they're rigged you're going have to
prove it to me that they're not and you
know what argument I don't accept we
checked on those claims and didn't find
them to be
true that's not anything that addresses
my argument
you're going to have to prove the
election is true I don't have to prove
it's rigged because it's designed to be
rigged you can observe it you can see
the same thing I see I don't have to
argue it you're looking at it tell me
how you're going to tell me how you're
going to audit the electronic part of
the election you can't because we don't
we can't you there there are elements
you can audit but you can't do the whole
system and mailin ballots there's no
nobody who has any knowledge of
Elections who thinks mail and ballots
are anything but a design to rig an
election you know except for the you
know people in the military in a few
exceptions so I don't need to say that I
have evidence of the election being
rigged I have evidence that my working
assumption is that you wouldn't design
it that way for any other
reason so somebody's going to have to
prove to me there's some other reason
why it looks this
way it's not for me to make any case
it's a working assumption that the
elections are rigged and have been
rigged probably forever but I don't
think the elections uh do get rigged if
they know they're going to win in the
normal way through rigging the media and
rigging the lawfare in this
case so I think that uh Trump is in a
impossible situation I don't think he
could get enough political muscle to put
in jail the 100 treeson his people who
are
clearly um trying to rig the election
because that would include like the
executives and most of the news
organizations right there's no way to do
it you'd have to put in jail the
prosecutors
themselves right you You' have to jail
Soros for sure that's never going to
happen you would have to you would have
to jail a bunch of attorneys generals
District Attorneys you'd have to put you
know a whole bunch of people who are
involved in the election in jail
the
media none of that's going to happen and
and I wouldn't even go so far as to say
it should because it would largely
destroy the country but we have the even
possibly worse situation that right now
one one group can do it to the other
group with
impunity so that's basically a
dictatorship in in
effect so yeah the Republic is pretty
much done you know I'm fascinated by uh
Putin continuing to say because he said
it again that Russia prefers Biden as
president do you take that as his clever
way of really supporting
Trump or do you think he actually means
that because Trump is unpredictable and
he really doesn't like
unpredictable it's hard to tell because
it could go either
way it's the smartest thing he could do
because it gives Trump cover and it
makes it look like he's willing to
negotiate with a reasonable
president so the only thing I know for
sure is it's the smartest thing Putin
could have said I don't know if he means
it and I don't know what his intention
is but would you agree it's by far the
smartest thing to say I mean by
far so we'll
see um I saw John Mir
shimer uh trying to debunk the claim
from zalinsky and others that that Putin
wanted to uh invade and control all of
Ukraine now I might push back on this
opinion a little bit but according to
mimer Putin only had about 190,000
troops that he could use for conquering
Ukraine but if we looked at historical
comparisons the right number that it
would take for a country that size would
be two to three
million so basically 10 times more than
he had
which would suggest that Putin never
wanted to conquer all of
Ukraine now that would be that's Mir
sher's take so I haven't given you my
take
yet uh my take is that's not so clear
because it looked like what he was doing
was a uh trying to make a run on
keev and he probably thought if he could
take out the politicians in
ke he could take his time with the rest
of the country if that's what he wanted
so I I guess I disagree that you can
look at World War II which is what Mir
shimer was doing and say if it took this
many to conquer Poland you know for
Germany uh then that's that's roughly
the amount you need in other cases and I
think if you can make a blitz rig run
toward the capital you can do it with
fewer people now let me use an
analogy uh a historical analogy
when the United States tried to conquer
Saddam didn't we think that if we could
just take over Baghdad and a few key
places we basically controlled the
country and didn't we do it with far
fewer people than World War II numbers
would have
suggested so I guess I'm pushing back on
a little bit on the fact that if Putin
didn't have enough
troops by a World War II standard that
therefore you can tell his intentions
I think that's I it's
interesting I like the context a lot
because it's good to have context I just
don't know I'm completely sold on that
yeah I don't know that we could read his
mind and I don't know if we can tell by
his military
actions well New York City's Appel
appell at court turned down the idea
that non-citizens would be allowed to
vote in uh at least the local
elections how did that ever even become
a thing how in the world did that even
yet make it to a court that I don't
think there could be anything more basic
to Americans the American system than
you have to live here to vote well they
live here but they have to be an
American
citizen you know I get the idea that if
they live here you know it' be nice to
have some representation but I feel
like we got to keep that standard you
know you if people work work to become
legal citizens and then vote then we're
all we celebrate you don't we one of the
most inspirational things you'll ever
see is a foreign born person becoming an
American citizen every time I see it I
get choked up like when one of my
friends after living in the country I
don't know probably lived here 30 years
or something maybe longer and uh became
a citizen finally and to me that was
just one of the most just
awesome like inspiring moments that
somebody would work for 30 years or
whatever it was to accomplish this goal
to become an
American I love that right
so yeah I'm I mean I'm pro-immigrant as
long as we do it
right all right uh well apparently
according to uh uh representative Jordan
uh fonny Willis has a whistleblower
somebody who says that they got fired by
fonny for claiming that um she misused
some grant money and I guess seven
police
officers escorted her out of the
building for blaming her boss of
misusing some grant
money
now of course this has nothing to do
with
Trump uh but this would be a case of
mutually assured
destruction meaning that the prosecutors
are are going to get completely analyzed
for any anything they've done
inappropriately we see happening already
and I am quite on board with it because
it doesn't look like the prosecutors are
doing anything but finding a person and
then finding a crime if that's what
they're doing the Republicans can find
that person who is the prosecutor and
find their crimes as well if they can
find
him so yeah they had it
coming did you know that Leticia James
who is uh behind the Trump
uh gigantic $54 million um suit there
did you know that she also said besides
saying that she would Target Trump
before even knowing what the crimes were
that she she she said she would Target
the NRA
again not for any specific crime and
apparently she's on the border of
succeeding at
that so uh for four years she's been
tried to take the assets of the NRA and
just put them out of business
and it looks like most of the claims
against the NRA were um not proven but
there is still an issue of whether
they're properly managed so she might be
able to uh have have the management of
the organization taken over
like I do not I do not feel like I live
in
America what country is doing this two
prominent examples where she told you
she was going to go after a first and
organization which is as closely tied to
the the found the Constitution of the
United States as anything could be
there's nothing closer to the
Constitution than the
NRA you know whether you like them or
hate them they're their whole deal is to
be as close to the Constitution as
possible for the Second
Amendment and she went after that and
she might succeed and she went after
Trump and she might
succeed she belongs in
jail she belongs in jail for both of
these
things because if you if you start with
I'm going to Target you and then you
succeed you should be in jail for that I
don't know if it's a
law but in terms of what's ethical and
moral if you target a citizen or a legal
entity in the United States and then you
go look for a way to put them in jail
you need to be in
jail and unambiguously behind bars for
and it should be like 20 years it's not
a small deal it's a pretty pretty big
foundational
problem well speaking of liars fonny
Willis um she's uh in trouble because
she said her fair started or you know
was a certain date set of dates but now
it turns out that the
uh the cell phone data shows that she
and Wade were having some fun almost
certainly uh far longer than she
said now uh Megan Kelly did an
interesting analysis on this because
there were just a ton of contact between
her boyfriend and her for that period
and she looked at so Megan Kelly looked
at her own phone records because I guess
they talk to each other fonnie and
Nathan Wade talk to each other 180 times
per month on average phone calls 180
phone calls per month so she checked how
many she's had with her husband uh in
the last month and it was
46 so she was saying you like an actual
marriage 46 phone calls where is I had
180 and my reaction to this was who
makes 46 phone calls in a
month that's more phone calls than I
make in a
year youan 46 phone calls to one
person if you added up all the phone
calls I've ever made this year I don't
know if it's
40 who calls
anybody other than calling like for
goods and services you know I did call
my garbage my garbage service yesterday
to you know trade out some garbage cans
but other than that who do you make a
phone call
to anyway um however they were working
in the same office so having a lot of
phone calls with the
coworker is not as unusual as something
else so they all look crooked uh the
Atlantic which is a publication that if
you knew about them you would say oh
it's just a political propaganda entity
pretending to be some kind of other
publication so the Atlantic headline
said how Democrats could disqualify
Trump if the Supreme Court
doesn't so they're suggesting that they
might not certify Trump's
win uh even if the court doesn't take
him out
first that's that's like a headline in a
major publication but it is a
publication have I ever told you that if
you know what happened you don't know
anything if you know who did it you
probably know everything so if you
thought that the Atlantic was just
another publication you might say h
there's a story but if you know the
Atlantic is purely a propaganda entity
then when you see them
propagandizing that Trump could be
knocked off or disqualified by the
Supreme Court but also that if he
doesn't they can use the same technique
Trump used uh for January 6 which is to
not certify until you know you're sure
that you can certify uh so they would
use the thing that they're trying to
keep him out of office for they would
use that same thing to keep a man of
office it gets very
confusing but if you don't think our
system is completely
corrupt well think again yeah we don't
have anything like a republic or
democracy
anymore talker Carlson had um Steve
kerson talking about all the co data and
excess deaths and things and uh here's
my
comment there is no such thing as
credible data about excess
mortality or about Co
you're welcome to your opinion and I
won't even I won't even argue about it
because I don't have any data I I
believe none there's no data about
anything from the pandemic that I
personally find credible it's all too
motivated people trying to prove that
they're right all along people trying to
prove that they're not uh murderous
criminal Nazis so everybody's motivated
there's no such thing as credible data
when everybody's
motivated to make themselves stay at a
jail or look
good so that's my take is Steve kersch
100% correct I have no
idea no idea I mean he he's a very
credible smart capable successful guy so
if you if you only looking at those
qualities you'd say hm there's somebody
you want to listen
to uh Brett uh
Weinstein same
thing if you say is he credible I'd say
smart has all the tools you know could
look at things deeper than most of us
could um doesn't seem to have an agenda
just seems to want to know what it is
but he's using
data as long as he's using
data what am I going to do with that I
don't trust any of it it doesn't matter
where it comes
from and anyway so let's stop talking
about Co it's too boring and that ladies
and gentlemen is what I have for you on
this cat day Saturday and uh thanks for
joining over on the xplatform and Rumble
and YouTube too I will see you tomorrow
for another exciting episode of coffee
with Scott