I don't do bump-bump um I've got a
little cup of coffee here but it's more
of a reflex than because I need it um
are you all watching the news the news
is happening so quickly I can barely
keep up there's news all over the place
news news news
I'm gonna let a few more of you sign on
here before we get going
you're watching one of the most
interesting things I've ever seen and I
don't know if everybody understands
exactly what they're seeing and maybe I
don't either so I'm gonna give you the
flash reaction if you'll allow me to you
know back out of that should I should I
learn in ten minutes that everything I'm
saying is wrong all right let us start
with as you well know I had framed the
situation I think accurately and saying
that there were two sides one side
wanted to keep families together and
were opposed to children being separated
from children and the other side was
sort of in favor of child trafficking
because that's what happens if you're
not in favor at the other side there
were only two choices and then the
president signs an act that says we're
going to keep families together and so
people are rushing to be on Twitter to
say see you said there were only two
options we told you he could just sign a
paper is that what happened did he make
the problem go away by signing a piece
of paper
do you think that's what happened have
you seen the detail of what it's going
to take to keep all the families
together no you haven't so here's what I
think is happening and again I'm going
to you know I'll adjust my opinion as
information pours in so this is just the
preliminary opinion the president was
trapped with two bad choices separating
the children this is just the short run
and the long run I think we all agree if
we had lots of time and resources we
could get to a good place that everybody
likes in the short run it looked like he
had two choices and they were both bad
separate the kids or create a situation
where immigration looks like such a good
deal if you bring in a kid whether it's
yours or not and that would be even a
worse situation but because and this is
the fun part and by the way let me let
me back up I don't want to use the word
fun before I first acknowledged that
taking children from their parents and
putting them in cages nobody wants that
nobody wants that that's bad news if we
can avoid it we all want to so we're all
in the same page and how bad that is but
let's talk about what the options are so
the president caught between two bad
choices it's either a bad choices base
hated or a bad choice that would get him
you know the midterms would be a
disaster he'd get impeached terrible
choices and the problem was that there
were only two bad choices but his
critics were imagining here's the key
word imagining there was a third choice
in which you could just sign something
and the problem goes away now the
reality is just signing something to say
we'll stop let's say enforcing it the
way we were just creates the other
problem which is more people or
incentive to come in
so there was no third choice what do you
do when there are two real choices
they're both bad and the public is
demanding a third imaginary choice the
imaginary choice is you sign a piece of
paper problem solved that's all you had
to do if you sign a piece of paper all
our problems go away the old problem
goes away the new problem sign that
piece of paper so what did President
Trump do when he had too hard choices
that were real and one imaginary choice
that the public was demanding he he
signed on to the imaginary choice he
actually he actually embraced the
imaginary because in this case the
imaginary was real to people so instead
of trying to convince them that no
you're living in an imaginary world of
course I could make the families stay
together but that just creates this
other problem that we were trying to
avoid
he couldn't couldn't convince anybody of
that so what does he do the only thing
you could do and by the way I did not
see this coming
so this is the I did not see this coming
in any any way whatsoever so he's
embracing the imaginary choice what is
the what is the now what's going to
happen next what's going to happen next
is that the news has to report what's
wrong with his choice in other words
they're going to have to argue against
their own opinion from this morning what
are they going to do they've been
telling him all he has to do is sign a
thing that says keep the families
together and it's problem solved so he
embraced the imaginary and just signed
it
now did signing that paper make a
facility
the up here in which would be suitable
for keeping families together did
signing that paper create a new staff
that are immediately in place to to sort
things out
did signing that paper cause the judges
that we would like to add to the
situation to transport from wherever
they are to here maybe but I don't think
so so here's what happened because the
president was very clearly focused on
the long term solution which was
terrible in the short run had bad
visuals and was bad for people right it
wasn't just the visuals it was bad for
people bad for the people involved bad
for the public it was just bad but it
was this the stronger long term play so
instead of doing that which he couldn't
sell he just signed a piece of paper and
now everybody's saying what just
happened because that's what we asked
him to do and that he did it so
everything's fixed now right because he
signed a piece of paper which is what we
asked them to do because we were sure
that would fix it but judges can't
transport from where they are to here
and facilities don't just become
available so what did that what exactly
does it mean here's what I think
happened it seems to me that the
president was being blamed largely for
his intentions you with me the big the
big complaint about the president was
not oh we have two two choices they're
both bad and you picked the wrong bad
one wasn't that the real problem was his
intentions so what did he fix when he
signed that document
just as intentions because it didn't
change a damn thing on the ground did it
we still don't have enough facilities we
don't have enough people now in long run
we would like to have all of that stuff
but in the short run he fixed the part
where they say you're not doing anything
because he did something he fixed the
part where where they say you're not
doing what you what we tell you is easy
and you can do it so he just did it he's
been saying it wouldn't make any
difference now they will have to argue
against their own policy to figure out
why it didn't make any difference in the
short run in the long run and the long
run in this case could be you know just
a matter of weeks could it could be
fairly soon but it's still longer run
than today the problem was today so he
managed to extricate himself from
today's problem by joining the side of
his critics not only did he join their
side he signs a document just like they
said and so yeah somebody saying worst
Hitler ever so now they have to hold in
their heads wait a minute he's supposed
to be a monster but when it was pointed
out that his policy was hurting people
he agreed with us and within a matter of
days signed an executive order that is
what people wanted like Hitler wait a
minute that's not like Hitler so there's
this insanely interesting thing
happening here and again when I say that
something is entertaining you're
interesting I'm not forgetting that the
primary concern where our empathy should
be teased with the families that are in
dire straits the kids being separated
from their moms that's all real I've
been on that train from the beginning
that that's an unacceptable situation in
the long term so the president has now
created a long-term solution because
there is no short-term solution I mean
nothing's going to happen this afternoon
right
those kids are pretty much gonna be
where they are this afternoon I'm
guessing unless there's some whole new
thing we don't know about that's the
part that would revise my opinion if it
turns out there's a lot of detail on
this that just hasn't been announced
then I will say okay I'm wrong there was
a bunch of detail and that fixes the
problem but I've been saying from the
start that there's no easy solution and
then the president went and signed a
document which tells all the people who
believe there are easy solutions that
that they just got one in the meantime
they can work on fixing this situation
which will take a little time little
money little resources might might take
a little congressional action stuff so
they can start moving in the right
direction but the president fixed the
hardest part which is they believed his
intentions were to use the children as
you know gambling or as pawns etc and
this action sort of takes that argument
away from them a little bit how dare you
sir I'm not sure what that means
[Music]
so Peter Fonda so most of you saw Peter
Fonda is Peter Fonda's quote but here's
my take on Peter Fonda he's 78 years old
and he's done some drugs in his life
probably still doing them if you know
what I mean
I think we could just ignore him that
that's not a that's not a topic that has
any resonance yeah we don't need to know
if he's drunk or senile or old we
doesn't matter he's 78 I hope I get a
free pass when I'm 78 when I say some
dumb ass thing on Twitter would be
better than my current situation
how absolutely dare you sir
yeah the what we've seen I'm trying to
want I've been wondering if this is
biological or just strategic but
watching people try to be the most
offended and the most sad about this
situation I hate to say it is a little
bit entertaining which again does not
take away from the seriousness of
children being taken from parents and
put in cages that's all deadly serious
stuff but it's a big world and at the
same time watching people do public
meltdowns so that they can be on record
as being the most offended by this
situation I have more empathy than you
oh yeah Rachel Maddow cried on camera
I'll beat that I can I can top that
I will kill myself on camera to show how
my empathy is greater than yours
yeah it doesn't honestly it doesn't come
across as sincere even if it is it might
be sincere but it doesn't it doesn't
read that way it just doesn't look
sincere especially when you see them
competing to be the most offended
[Music]
so you're saying that families will be
released into the wild we don't know we
don't know what details are being
considered for fixing it now it's
possible that the president didn't have
a specific set of details but maybe just
our ordering you know ordering his
people to go forward and fix it that
could be enough it just won't happen
this afternoon was Van Jones crying -
how many Criers did we get okay keep in
mind as I said on my earlier periscope
the if what we're carrying about
carrying about as bad things happened to
children the world is full of worse
examples and I didn't see anybody crying
about them
they're going to use old army base oh is
that is that the actual detail or
somebody just guessing that has
somebody's seen details yet and by the
way just having a facility is still
going to take a while to get this
working you know that doesn't mean that
the bus has just pulled up this
afternoon and they're taking him to the
facility I would imagine that there's a
lot to do and by the way the moment you
get some new facilities and treat
everybody well does that does that
create more people coming and then you
need more facilities we'll find out what
is the title of the e oh I didn't see it
Geraldo's yet taking a an empathetic
view of this and that's consistent he's
always he's always had a lot of empathy
for the the people in trouble nothing
wrong with that
[Music]
schools are vacant and can be used well
here's the thing it's it's one thing to
say we have facilities that can be used
it turns out it's very hard to actually
do things in the real world so even if
you had let's say a school that was a
block away and empty actually getting
the rights to use that school and
getting the lights turned on and
figuring out how to manage it and all
that we're still talking about probably
months but if if it turns out that
there's a fast way to do this that would
be great but don't you think we would
have been told what it is if there were
a fast way to do it to keep the families
together from the current situation
you'd hear some details wouldn't you so
I think that Trump did all that he could
do in this situation it might be
you know ridiculously effective given
the bad alternatives because it puts him
squarely on the side of his critics
he just took their side and said ya
can't do this I'm gonna sign something
to make sure it doesn't happen now if it
takes a while to get it done at least
he's fixed as intentions and he by then
he'll be able to point to things that
are happening in the near term that will
get us there alright I think that's all
I had to say on this now much more to
say let's let's try to follow the news
and try to keep up with this fast
evolving story and I'll talk to you
again soon