[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization if
you'd like to take this experience which
is already mildly orgasmic up to levels
that even people who have done
hallucinations can't even understand all
you need for that is a cuper muger a
glass of tankered Cher Stein a canteen
Jugger flat a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite beverage I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure it's the dope am me
of the day the thing that makes
everything better is called the
simultaneous sip it's famous and it
happens
now well all the stories are funny today
but they're not all trying to be funny
they just turned out that way Funny
Story number one um a man uh is being
charged with Grand Theft for trying to
steal a self-driving car in Los
Angeles he tried
to he tried to steal a self-driving
car now have you ever seen a a show
called bait car anybody remember that
years ago it was called bait car car and
it was a fake car that people would
leave unlock to see if people would try
to steal it and the crooks would get in
the car and then somehow they could lock
the doors remotely and you'd trap the
thief in there and they'd be trying to
get out and it was very funny watching
them try to get
out but I'd like to see that upgraded
I'd like to see that show come back with
self-driving
cars but they start down his parked and
then the thief gets at them and like ah
and the door is
lock and then it drives itself to the
police
department would that be awesome it
drives itself to the police department
and then honks honk honk and then and
then when the police officer comes out
and says I have for you a potential
Thief I have video of his theft and we
have fingerprints all over the inside of
the car uh please arrest him as I unlock
this
door AI is going to be lit can't wait
maybe we won't even need
police here's an update on a story that
has some personal meaning to
me uh as you know the restrictions on
telea health were lifted during the
pandemic remember that if you wanted to
uh talk to your doctor you could do it
only in person or in your own State even
even if it was on the phone it had to be
in your own State and um I had a small
part in getting that to changed because
during the I'll remind you if you
haven't heard of the story 10 times um
when the pandemic had Trump put out the
word through his network of followers
that if anybody had any great ideas for
an executive order that would help
things during the pandemic he was open
to suggestions so I suggested that you
get rid of that restriction about tell
Health calling your doctor on the phone
uh that you couldn't do it across state
lines so you couldn't call the doctor in
another state it was
illegal so it took all of I think maybe
two days or something for Trump to
actually sign that executive order so it
actually just went right up the chain
everybody who looked at it said yeah
that makes sense you know in the context
of a pandemic I absolutely but it was a
temporary
change which made it easier um but now
that the pandemic is over um I guess
it's been extended once by lawmakers but
there's some question whether they will
extend it
again to which I say how many times do I
have to solve the same
problem why is there even any question
about whether I can call a
doctor in Vermont seriously government
seriously you're even going to let that
even be a possibility
that if I need health care I can't call
one in Vermont because I'm in California
like that makes some
sense the the idea that this is anything
but some kind of gift to the probably
the American Medical Association or
somebody I don't know there must be
somebody who wants this not to happen
otherwise it would have happened already
so I assume that this is just another
symbol that our Congress is
corrupt because why wouldn't they just
make make you're
permanent I mean really do you even know
the argument against
it there is none just somebody has some
benefit of keeping competition you know
low I
guess anyway let's see if Congress can
get that right or if they are as bought
off as we think I saw Mark andreon and
uh Elon Musk and some others were having
an online conversation on X about the
security of
AI now if we think that AI is such a
existential threat uh Mark andreon
points out that shouldn't we be treating
it that way with the most maximum
security sort of like the Manhattan
Project but instead as andreon and musk
both point out a state actor who wanted
to hack these companies that are working
on AI has already done
it
there's nothing that would stop him from
being able to hack one of the examples
that Andre gave is you could bribe the
cleaning staff to stick a memory card
into one of the computers that's it it's
all you need not not a memory card what
do you call it a little dongle that's
it that's all it would take for China to
get all of the AI source code yeah thumb
drive flash drive
so but here's the question I ask how
would you
know if China had already stolen Gemini
AI is there any way we could tell like
what what would you look for to find out
if they'd actually gotten it
already I don't know but uh here's the
next news story um oh turns out that
China is rolling out Dei everywhere uh
Dei and all the corporations and the
people in charge of the Dei are the well
this is surprising it's the weers the
weers are actually running the Dei
everywhere in China now it's quite a
turnaround I didn't see it coming no I'm
just making that
up I made that up no just because Gemini
AI is totally racist and Dei is
ridiculous it doesn't mean if they steal
Gemini AI that
they'll put in diversity equity and
inclusion rules but I don't know why
they wouldn't because if they ask the AI
is going to say it's the best idea I've
ever
had
so I have another question for
you so we keep talking about AI is going
to take
jobs which means that corporations
should make gigantic profits wouldn't
you say imagine being a big corporation
that normally employs a bunch of people
but you can reduce your employee costs
by I don't know 500%
or something and so you're going to make
a lot of money right and then the other
customers are going to do it too or the
other companies so the other companies
they'll also reduce their Workforce wow
so you should probably put a lot of
money in the stock market because all
these big companies are going to make W
just tons of money right because they'll
get rid of all their
employees
right or
how do people afford to buy anything if
they don't have jobs I'm seeing people
say 9 to zero did the Supreme Court rule
on
something Supreme Court ruled Trump can
remain on the
ballot all right well it sounds like
we're getting an update from the comment
section that the Supreme Court ruled 9
to Zer that Trump can remain on the
ballot in every state in all States
apparently there we go there we go what
good with the uh Supreme Court be if
they ruled any other
way that that I think that would be the
end of their credibility because that
was sort of an easy
one I got to say that was sort of a
layup nine to zero is the right answer
and by the way that does give some
credibility to the liberal
justices because I do like to imagine
that the justices at least try a little
bit to follow the law and not just their
political leanings uh but I think this
was just too obvious this was too
obvious yeah yeah you had to you had to
do it that way all right so back to uh
what happens if uh all the companies get
rid of their employees for AI who's
going to be left to buy
stuff have we thought that through who
who's going to be around to buy stuff
how's that going to work but I've got a
uh I've got an even uh more interesting
take on
it if we assume the AI will be massively
disruptive who do you believe would
survive at
best this is where it gets fun AI will
be massively
disruptive but countries will handle it
in different
ways
compare how the United States is by
character and history
education just the the nature of the
United States and the people in it now
compare that to the nature of
China and their history and their
current economic
situation it feels to me that China is
in real trouble and the United States is
too except that we're
flexible our system allows insane amount
of flexib civility I don't know if they
have as much in in the way that matters
but for example I could easily imagine
that we will pass laws to say you can't
replace all of your employees that
quickly or
something there G to be something like
that so I think the laws will surround
Ai and just it you know I've
been predicting that for a long time
because I don't think that the let's say
Democrats probably the the ones who are
leaning communist and
socialist they're going to say you have
to stop Ai and they're going to say you
have to stop it for two reasons one it
might start telling the truth that's
going to be a big problem and two it's
going to take all the jobs so you would
expect that there will be a uh anti- AI
political party
forming to you know make make the
politics of it work for their team so do
you think there's any possibility if you
project a a year or two in the future
that the Democrats and Republicans will
have a similar opinion on AI and how to
deal with
it not a chance not a chance I think the
Republicans are maybe slightly more
likely to say let the free market
working out you know with certain
certain safeguards and I think the
Democrats are far more likely to say
you've got to ban it because it's going
to take all the jobs of people in the
lower economic group
here's what I think is actually going to
happen I think that for every robot
maybe not every robot but you're going
to need people doing a bunch of things
that you just don't want to trust robots
ever to do and one of those things is to
check their
work so I think we need to go from doing
the work to checking the work because if
the
robot you know misfires and I would
imagine it's like every other technology
it's going to need upgrades and it'll be
defective and it's going to a virus and
you know hund other things you're
probably going to need a human there
just to you know turn off the assembly
line and you make sure your robot gets
serviced and stuff like that now I
realize they can service themselves
unless unless they fall over but then
you could have other robots service them
yeah it's going to be real hard to
figure this
out but I do think that it will create
all new
jobs where one person in One AI can do
something that we couldn't all do on our
own with their own
Ai and one of the things it looks like
it's going to do is uh tell us which AI
to to use and use it for
us because once
again uh I'm in that situation where I
tried to make AI do just anything useful
just anything have you have you had this
experience I have chat GPT and I've got
Gro and I've tried to make them do
anything useful and usually it's things
that are within their ability you know a
Serv a simple search summarizing
something that sort of thing it's wrong
almost every time or useless or I can't
figure it out or it's too much work or
so we're still definitely in the demo
Weare stage for most of it for most of
us and I don't know if I'll ever get out
of it if I'm 90 years old am I going to
be able to use AI or am I going to have
to ask a human to use it for me will AI
get to the point where that human is
totally out of the loop we're nowhere
near it right now nowhere near it I just
I don't
know all right but I think China is more
doomed to by AI because they have more
of a manual Workforce manufacturing
system the fact that we lost our
manufacturing could end up to be our
savior isn't that interesting that the
the fact that we got rid of our
Manufacturing might be the thing that
saves our economy because we can build a
robot Factory from scratch to be just a
robot Factory and it will compete with
anybody's workers or robots anywhere you
and get rid of the transportation costs
because it's local so if you already
have a gigantic manufacturing plant and
you've employed all these people it's
going to be hard to turn on a dime and
turn that into robots because you
probably have to redesign the whole
plant to make it robot friendly instead
of people
friendly so I think we could end up
leapfrogging Manufacturing in other
countries and just automate the he out
of
it Forbes Magazine got uh the ex CFO of
trump the Trump company in trouble uh
the cfo's name is am I pronouncing this
right is it really
weiselberg am I pronouncing that
correctly like really is it really we
dies elberg because that's a weird name
for a CFO who's been charged with some
irregularities but so he does a Forbes
interview at some point and in the
Forbes interview he said something that
apparently conflicted with something he
said in a trial so now he's going to
allegedly plead guilty to perjury
because what he told the Forbes people
didn't match what he said in the
trial
now oh weiselberg I'm I'm being told
it's pronounced weiselberg you know if
that were my name and I had two choices
uh which way do you pronounce it wise or
weasel I'd go with
wise I'd go with wise I think that was a
good choice on his part yeah why is not
weasel anyway
um so apparently during the trial he
said this quote it was talking about the
difference between the size of Trump's
uh personal Penthouse apartment that he
claimed was what 33,000 but it was
really like
11,000 and asked about that in the trial
weiselberg said it was almost Dem
Minimus meaning he didn't care about it
because it was such a small number
relative to his net worth so I didn't
really focus on it uh I never even
thought about the
apartment so where he said he didn't
think about it uh when he talked to
Forbes Forbes had a long back and forth
with him and which I guess he was
arguing it was 11,000 but then they
argued it's not and then he ended up
agreeing with them so they're saying
that that conflicts with what he said in
court and therefore he must you know
either go to jail or plead guilty or
something now here's the message for
this number one I'm looking right at his
statement and it doesn't look like a lie
to
me it it can be true that he argued with
Forbes about the size of it believing it
was actually 11,000 until they proved it
wasn't maybe he thought so I don't know
most people can't judge 11,000 from
33,000 just by
thinking
um but in the trial he just said it
wasn't it wasn't important to what he
was doing because it was such a small
number relatives to the net worth so he
said I never even thought about the
apartment it's not literally true that
he never thought about it but what he
said was was it wasn't
important now that's still
true so he's going to go to maybe jail
or have to plead guilty to perjury for
saying something that's literally true
that it was a it was a very small part
of the deal didn't really make any
difference didn't pay attention to it
but it might have been
wrong now here's the
lesson I feel sorry for weiselberg
because he might not have known when he
gave that interview to Forbes that
Forbes said Jane
Forbes used to be a publication that if
you were a you know a trump executive
you might think they'd give you a fair
shot that's what it used to be today
Forbes apparently is just another
political rag as I think has different
ownership or something and it looks like
it's just sort of
anti-trump um it's certainly anti- me I
mean they they've maligned me there um
so I wouldn't trust Forbes and I would
say that uh weiselberg might be going to
jail because he trusted the media and
they sold him
out it wouldn't have been hard for
Forbes to say yeah that was slightly
different he said it wasn't important
but he also separately argued that he
thought it was the right
number it would be easy for this not to
be a thing so to me it looks like Forbes
is corrupt and the court is corrupt and
uh that's what it looks like I mean we
it's hard to tell from the
outside well uh president
M down in Argentina just announced three
more steps to cut spending see if you
think these are good ideas for cutting
spending he's going to ban the state
from buying advertisements because it's
used to uh essentially buy
journalists so apparently the government
could buy advertising in a publication
and it would guarantee that they got
good coverage so he's going to make that
illegal but just think about it the
government was buying
ads he's just saying how about the
government doesn't buy any
ads uh yes please how about exactly that
that that's a good idea how about
another one he's going to close the
state news
agency there's a state news
agency again I'm going to call this was
an easy one another layup yes if you
have have a state uh news agency yes
close it of course of course how about
this he's going to disband the state
Institute against discrimination
xenophobia and
racism yes please because you know that
they just turned into racists like I
don't have to know anything about the
country or anything about this specific
organization except that he's Banning it
um to know it probably just turned into
like the you know Dei CRT business in
the United States so yes you need to get
your your country out of that business
so three more winning plays by President
mle I keep waiting for the other shoe to
drop and there to be something wrong
with that guy do
you I I have a little bit of the too
good to be true feeling about
him little too good to be true
I don't know I'm just going to
say uh I don't think he'll have a
completely un bumpy run but I'm liking
what I see so
far well the state of the union is
coming up in a few days and National
Review article by Noah
Rothman uh he said that President this
is just not X poost he said that
President Biden reportedly plans to
spend a portion of his State of the
Union add address leaning heavily into
the notion that his fellow Americans are
idiots that's really what it is the
state of the union from Biden literally
is hoping and praying that there are
enough idiots that will believe what he
says but apparently one of the things
he's going to talk about is
shrink shrink
flation now come on the fact that
daughtering old Biden can't be trusted
to talk about any topic except that he's
getting less potato chips because it's
the only thing he understands he can
take a question on that H I think my
potato chips have fewer chips in the
bag uh Mr Biden I'd like to drill into
that are you saying that there's a bag
and it's got chips in it and uh your
your contention is that there are fewer
chips uh yes fewer chips all right all
right but you're saying that the size
the
bag has shrunk or the number of chips
well I'm not sure but there's fewer
chips sometimes the bag smaller and the
chips sometimes just fewer chips good
well you have you seem to have a a
strong grasp of this problem can you
tell us something about oh inflation or
the war in
Ukraine well I'm running out of time but
it was great to talk to you about the
shortage of chips in my bag I feel like
it go like that you know the the thing
that makes me laugh is whenever I see a
politician look into the camera and say
voters are smart they'll understand
what's going on here because voters are
very smart in this country and I always
laugh and I think are there any voters
so dumb that they think they're smart
like you'd have to be really dumb to
think you're
smart about
politics
so the AP and this is important who it's
coming from uh they say that Biden uh is
preparing to address the nation uh while
more than six and 10 us adults doubt his
mental
capability has that ever happened in the
history of politics anywhere in any
country has there ever been a free press
that could say and in polling they could
say six out of 10 people think you're
mentally
and then and then we just go on like
that's okay we're just skating along
yeah yeah you think that'd be a problem
you'd imagine that could be a problem
but
no
um and then as vake RAM Swami points out
the New York Times is also you know
dumping on uh Biden a little bit so it
does look when you see the AP who is Pro
Democrat normally in their reporting uh
when you see them going anti-biden in at
least their headlines and you see the
New York Times going anti-biden in their
headlines it is signaling that they plan
to replace
him uh but here's the best signal
apparently Biden has indicated that he
thinks that if Trump were were the
winner that at the end of his second
term he would refuse to leave the
office now first of
all it's just so stupid that it's hard
it's hard to even address but the part
people Miss is that that's a case of
thinking P the sale can you imagine any
candidate for president talking about
what could happen four years after his
opponent wins the
race that's what Biden was doing he was
talking about Trump not leaving office
four years after he won the race that
hasn't happened
yet now I can assure
you that as a trained hypnotist I say
too
often that he's not expecting to
win he's definitely not expecting to be
the president because you don't even
talk
hypothetically about your your candidate
you know your opponent in four
years
um
yeah so anyway I think The Jig Is up
every you know every signal is pointing
that they're planning to replace him um
but yeah yeah we we already talked about
the Supreme
Court if you're just joining us Supreme
Court apparently voted nine to nothing
that Trump can stay on all the ballots
now I need a fact check on this
um does that guarantee that he's on the
ballot or is there still some extra
legal risk that's unrelated to what they
ruled
on If he if he got convicted of a felony
he could still stay on
right um Congress would have to pass an
amendment it's a federal decision not
for the
states
all right so there might be there might
be a deeper issue I'm just looking at
the
comments we'll get back to
that all right um there's a uh a good
deep fake made by AI That's getting some
attention because even though people
know it's a fake it's really effective
so it's a picture of trump uh being
surrounded by very happy uh black voters
all women I think in the picture so
there's a bunch of black women who are
just hugging him tightly they're all
smiles and and happy and you know it was
done by a trump supporter and I don't
think he was really trying to pass it
off as
real I I think he was just passing it
off as you know part of his preferences
or his narrative or something but so
it's not the issue that people don't
know it's fake although some probably do
don't know but here's the thing that uh
I'd like to give you as my persuasion
lesson of the day
you have to see that picture to realize
how effective it is even as a
fake and let me see if I can quickly
find it for you um because I I posted it
but I realize that talking about it
doesn't give you the signal that you
need on this you have to actually see
the picture and then it just jumps right
out um and of course I can't find it why
would it be the only thing I can't find
in my
feed all right well the point
is that uh if you saw how happy the
people looked the the happiness in the
picture uh that's not funny yeah don't
be like that that unacceptable
comment
um so here's the lesson that picture of
them all smiling is way more powerful
than any words right so if somebody says
oh I think the black voter are going to
like Trump more words words words oh I
think his policies are better for black
Americans or you know they did better
under him whatever none of that is
nearly oh there we go on the locals
platform there's a picture of it none of
them are nearly as effective as the fake
picture even if you know it's fake you
could be told in advance is fake it
still does its work because everybody is
so happy in the picture like genuinely
they look happy and they look like real
people so be a be advised that if you
want to send out a fake and it can do
its work even as a fake just label it
just just label it as a fake because
it'll do everything you want it to do
and you won't get in trouble for trying
to fool people just say what it
is right Michael Moore
uh is uh I'll just tell you the story it
feels like commentary is
unnecessary but uh his point is that the
that we're mad at Hamas for attacking
the Jews but that the real fight is uh
we should be worried about the white
Christians because the white Christians
have been the real enemies of the Jews
for 2,000 years or
something and if Israel would just wise
up they would know that their real enemy
is not the people who came running at
them and shooting other people and
raping them they're not the real
enemy The Real Enemy is the people who
sold you uh is your closest Ally those
are the Real Enemy according to Michael
Moore now like I said I don't think I
need to comment on that do
I does that look like just plain old
Insanity he I I think somehow he's
figured out how to offend everybody and
be stupid at the same time that's quite
a
feet and it's kind of strange actually
because Michel Moore is one of the few
people who's been able to see things
clearly even when it wasn't his
preference but what the hell's up with
this I mean it just looks
crazy
um all
right so Miranda Divine New York Post is
talking about a story in which
uh the Chinese spy Chief who gave hun
Biden a million dollars for his Legal
Services his name is Patrick
hoe and I guess uh uh the hoe hoe wants
his money
back uh so he's he's actually trying to
get a refund because he didn't get his
money's worth from from
H because Hunter didn't do anything for
him and indeed he wasn't even a licensed
attorney so apparently he paid paid him
for Legal Services when he wasn't even
licensed to provide them in that
place so and here's the funniest part
somehow I missed this little tidbit
about ho so there's a Chinese firm
executive who's known to be the yeah I
think he was called the Chinese spy
Chief you know because he was so
connected to their intelligence and
here's something I didn't know as a
proven
thing uh that ho uh had been convicted
in 2019 for paying bribes to the
Presidents of Chad in
Uganda he was sentenced to three years
in jail before him being deported to
Hong
Kong did you know that the guy who gave
Biden a million dollars which we all
knew did you all know that he' actually
been in J in jail for bribing presidents
of
countries how did I not know that before
how in the world did I get here without
knowing that he was he was literally a
official he wasn't just a guy who might
have been bribed he was serial
briber do you do you need to wait for
the court case to tell you what was
going on there well the serial briber
gave me a million dollars but what I
think he wanted was some legal
advice all right you're all talking
about the
glitch well I think the simulation is
telling us something when they made his
name ho
because if a ho is asking for his money
back from hre Biden it doesn't get any
funnier than
that oh wait it does a head of Hamas his
name sin War sin and
War and uh Wall Street Journal is
reporting that he's been missing for a
week he's been
missing what do you think that
means well I'm going to take a stab at
it he have vacation yeah he just he just
needed some time off he's been working
long hours uh I think he's in the RV
with
pran he's riding his RV all around the
West
[Music]
Bank now here's why I think he's not
dead cuz Israel would have told you or
they would have told
you here's why I think he's not a free
man because you don't go weak during the
middle of a war without anybody seeing
you you don't go
weak here's what I think is
happening I think the Israelis have
captured him I think I think he's being
interrogated
interrogated to find out what he knows
and if he doesn't need and if he doesn't
know anything that they need well I
think that they'll interrogate him twice
as
hard yeah I feel like he's getting
interrogated is what I think now that's
just a guess but it certainly doesn't
make sense that he'd be dead and nobody
would tell us and it doesn't make sense
that he'd be alive and say nothing for a
week during the height of the
war so I'm going to go with he's already
been
captured and if you hear from Israel
that uh know they talked to him in a
friendly way but they released him to
drive around in his RV you know he's
being
prion uh there's a report from I saw
Mario and Nall was reporting this on X I
don't know where the original report
came from uh no a new defense department
report why would the defense department
report on this there's a defense
department report that says that Trump's
White House medical unit
was giving out a lot of stimulants you
know like speed type things like Modena
finnel and Xanax so there are quote a
wash and speed officials said does that
sound like a story that our US military
should be producing in an election
year does that sound good to you that
the the defense department would put out
that report about about the past
commander-in-chief and maybe the future
commander-in-chief no everybody involved
in that should be fired
immediately shouldn't they or at least
whenever the new president comes in how
in the world does the defense defense
department get this involved in politics
during a political year how about they
just shut the up about that right
if no if there was no problem that came
from it and there was no report there
was a problem how about you you just
shut
up how about we've lost all respect for
the military because you do like
this like was this reported by you know
a general in
address I mean this is completely
inappropriate for the military to be
involved in politics in an election year
just hold on to that report you may
maybe you know tell somebody who needs
to know about it but don't tell the
public crazy there's just something
totally wrong with that they should all
be fired all right right um but I'm not
too concerned that they're using speed
because that is a performance
enhancer might be terrible in lots of
other ways but the fact is it's a it's a
productivity enhancer the Xanax is
another
problem all right um here's my take on
the 2020 election I think this is where
I'm going to end up on um I don't think
we'll ever agree in this country we'll
never agree with whether the 2020
election was um completely fair or
not would you
agree um that we'll never agree if 2020
was rigged or not rigged and there's no
amount of evidence will change the minds
of at least a third of the country but
here's something we can agree on because
we know this there's just tons of
reporting on it uh there's a lot of
stuff that can't be
audited for example there are things
behind locked doors we can't look at
there are records that have been deleted
digital records They are physical things
that have been destroyed or lost and all
of them are important they're like swing
state you know could change the election
kind of stuff they're all they're all
lost
deleted now if you just consider the
stuff that's lost and deleted that would
be enough to conclude that you cannot
tell or you can't audit the election in
other words it wouldn't be any way to
know if it were fraudulent because we
have such a poor ability to audit from
from beginning to end so here's where I
think we should find Middle Ground we do
not have a system that byas design
allows you to know who
won our system by Design meaning that
the people are fully aware of what
they're doing designed it to prevent the
public from knowing who won so that when
they tell you who won you'll just have
to take the word for
it now under that
situation how could you possibly think
the election is not
rigged that pretty much guarantees it
pretty much guarantees it now you could
argue all day about what the court did
or did not find not
relevant you you could tell me that we
we haven't proved it in the court of law
right irrelevant you could say that uh
there's no scientific study with a
double blind experiment to show that the
vote was rigged true you got me there
but proof doesn't mean the same thing in
science as it means in the court of law
or as it means to your general Common
Sense my general common sense says that
if we have a system that is super
valuable to if you could rig it I mean
the ability to rig it would be worth
what a billion dollars to somebody who
could get if you could if you were a
hacker and you literally could rig it
and it was just you you could charge a
billion
dollars and you know Bitcoin or
something and uh so yes if you have a
system that can't be audited um it's
rigged I would say that's
proof if if you had a system that was
designed to not be
rigged then I wouldn't have that opinion
but it's designed to not tell you who
won uh Nate silver who's no Republican
but he's quite um he's intellectually
flexible which means he follows the data
where it goes and he says what is says
which I really appreciate about
appreciate about him which is not to say
he and I would agree on all the topics I
don't know if we would but I just
appreciate his intellectual um
honesty very rare very rare I will add
him to the internet dad list um despite
not being you know right
leading but here's what he said uh said
10% of Biden's 2020 voters now say
they're going to vote for
Trump but only less than 1% of trump
voters say that now they're going to
vote for
Biden uh and Nate um wants to clarify
cuz somebody was asking him about this
he said they're switching their votes
they're not
undecided now these are people who said
I'm totally GNA vote for Trump right now
I'm gonna say it again just because I
think it's so
provocative I wouldn't put a high
likelihood on this but we're now
actually in the
environment where Trump could win the
black male vote not the female vote he
doesn't have a chance for that but he
could win the black male
vote that is actually within grasp
unbelievable it would be the it would be
the most insane thing that ever happened
in politics now correct me if I'm
wrong but has a republican ever won the
Hispanic
vote because I'm a little confused about
the the polling on that because it's
showing he's going to win the Hispanic
vote oh George Bush no I think George W
was just did well he didn't win it yeah
yeah he was less than
half can you imagine imagine in the
context of being the build thewall
guy Trump wins the ESP spanic
vote and he's on track to do it I think
and then
imagine that he actually won the black
male
vote I think that's totally legit and I
I feel like um and I feel like it's a a
fear response so I think the difference
between black women and black men would
be partly that the black women may be
responding to the the sexist stuff and
the black men are like so it might might
be a little bit of a gender difference
there um but I think it's more of
fear I think that if you're female I'm
just speculating by the way I don't know
if this is true but I would guess if
you're female is scarier to walk down
the street at night
anywhere right because you you're just
not as capable of fighting somebody off
so and I think men are just maybe just a
little bit more attracted to risk or
danger and that the black men are
looking at this and when they hear stuff
like oh he might try to stay in office
and be a dictator I feel like they just
maybe laugh at
that like no that's right that
and and I do think that black men can
spot
 I think they
can I think they might be less
hypnotized than a lot of people in our
society
today uh and you know I won't won't
delve into that it's just
speculation but yeah there could be a
big change and it could happen fast U
I'm not going to predict
it because the odds are still against it
but but it's I'm going to give it a
solid 20 to 30% chance that he wins
black men and that would just be insane
now if uh Biden drops out and somebody
else comes in then new ball game um so
60 Minutes at a report and this is more
evidence that uh the entire media has
lined up against Biden listen to the
story you tell me if you think 60
Minutes would have reported this if they
weren't trying to get rid of Biden so
they had the Raul Ortiz who had been the
chief of US border patrol under Biden
until he retired uh that's the chief
retired not Biden I know it looks like
Biden retired but he didn't like not
officially um in fact if you look at his
his work schedule today there there's
proof he you know Biden didn't
retire do anybody looked at it
today have you seen his schedule for the
day for Monday there's a lot going on
so oh oh yeah his schedule is open today
he has nothing
scheduled the president of the United
States has nothing
scheduled which probably means they're
talking to him if you know what I mean
do you think they're talking to him they
do you think they are talking to him
yeah I think so I think he's eating ice
cream and hearing things he doesn't want
to hear right
now or he could be
practicing for the State of the
Union do you think he was stepped down
during the State of the
Union you know what's interesting is
they must be having a conversation of
whether he should step down before the
State of the Union but if he did that
then there would be nobody to give well
he could still give the State of the
Union because he's still
president I think they're afraid of what
he would do during the State of the
Union because that's a long speech do
you think Biden can
do a one- hour
speech even from a
teleprompter I I think they're worried
about how to handle it here's how I
would handle
it I would say he's stepping down and
then I just put comml in there take your
chances yeah Ju Just say he's not going
to run he changed his mind and uh we'll
make some decisions about you know who
does what but in the meantime KL is
going to do the state of the
you know I wouldn't predict it but I'll
bet they're talking about it
so I'll bet they're talking oh it's
supposed to be delivered in written form
oh that's a good update yeah so I guess
he would have the option of just doing a
writing but that would certainly be um a
tip
off all right so if the uh back to the
story the chief of the US border patrol
said he never once met Biden
the chief of the border
patrol never met
Biden oh oh my
God oh my God all right
um in Haiti apparently uh the criminal
gangs have gang the the criminal gangs
have seemed to be coordinating now and
they're under the maybe under the
control or leadership of an ex Elite
police officer from Haiti uhoh they have
actual professional
military uh leader and apparently they
attack the prisons and release the
prisoners and then attack some other
things and it looks like they're trying
to prevent uh the current leader from
returning to the country they're they're
trying to take over before the current
leader gets back now here's the thing I
don't know is that good or bad honestly
I can't tell Haiti is such you know they
got such
troubles is it is it bad if they get rid
of the current leader and the criminals
take over is it really going to be worse
I don't
know all right Nikki Hy won the uh
Washington DC
primary and uh the only thing I got out
of this is that she apparently has no
advisers helping her on our
tweeting because after she won the DC
primary and by the way she won it uh
handily uh 700,000 people in the city
and Trump only got uh less than 700
votes so he didn't put any effort into
it because Washington DC is just all
Democrats no point in it uh but the
Democrats or the few people who voted
anyway uh gave Nikki a commanding
Victory even though it's a tiniest
little State and of no consequence
whatsoever um and here's how the news
reported axos reported as first women to
win a Republican
primary oh
axos you're so
funny
axios axios is is starting sound like a
punchline Now isn't it I'll bet you
every time I say axios from now forward
it's going to follow with a stupid story
you want to
bet anyway uh Mark Elias do you remember
his name mark Elias so he's the lawyer
who was famous for not only pushing the
um Russia occlusion hoax but did he's
the one who was on the ground changing
all the rules in 2020 so that the
Democrats got a big win so most people
would call him an election rigger but
the legal kind no nobody suggesting he
necessarily broke any laws he just
worked within the legal system to get
the laws changed more favorably for the
Democrats and it worked so you know he
he's mocking Trump for only getting a
few votes
there and here's how we know Nikki hilly
has nobody helping her with her posts on
X she quote we're going to fight for
every
[Music]
inch in my
capacity as a professional humorist I
have standards I do have standards one
of my standards is I can't pounce if
it's too
easy if it's too easy the professionals
have we have to we have to step back now
if I
may may I step back from the microphone
and allow you in the comments to do your
own
jokes because honestly this is not for
professionals when she makes it this
easy this is for all of you so take your
time I just just like to back up from
the microphone go wild she's going to
fight for every inch
go how you doing over there are you
about done there you go there you go
nicely done nicely done x-rated just
like I like
it all right I think you did a very good
job for
amateurs and I won't I won't embarrass
you with my
professional contributions but very good
very good all right
um finally I'd like to give an IQ
test do you want to answer before I ask
the
question there it is damn it you're so
smart now if you're on if you're on the
other platforms if you're not in locals
you're not seeing the dazzling display
of uh intelligence I haven't even asked
the question yet and there's just a wall
of correct answers for the question I
haven't even
asked watch
this I'll now ask the
question based on Rasmus and
poll and uh you have to get this within
two basis
points uh how many how many people said
they think Biden is the stronger
supporter of Israel than
Trump uh 27% is the answer 27 you all
said 25 before I asked the question but
as soon as I said it's within two you
quickly modified to
27 and I think it's funny that nobody
said
23 that's even funnier you knew it was
going to be more not less yeah yes if
you're new to this uh the reason we can
all guess this before the question is
asked is that for some reason
25% of poll respondents will always say
the stupidest answer and it doesn't
matter what the topic is and I'm not
saying that they're all you know people
I disagree with it's even on topics you
know where I agree with the majority or
don't it's just everywhere 25% get every
poll question wrong even if it's an easy
one and uh furthermore according to
rasmason
um the support for Israel it looks like
it's dropping uh 45% of American voters
sympathize more with
Israel uh you know given the Gaza
situation and that's uh down from 48%
down quite a bit from 59% less November
so before there were any um before
there's direct war in
Gaza 59% were
pro-israeli versus the pal Palestinian
situation and that's dropped quite a bit
now as as is obvious I guess the the
more people would die in Gaza the less
support Israel is going to
get and you know as I said in war all
the data is false so we have no idea
yeah we talked about the 90
um so we don't
know what's going to happen
[Music]
um I'm sorry you he took me right off of
my train of thought I was I was on three
different topics while I was trying to
talk I had three things going in my head
at the same time so but my point is that
uh even though uh the death toll in Gaza
is not any kind of a credible number
people are going to start repeating the
number that comes from Hamas because
it's the only one right so if Israel
doesn't have their own number
the only one that's out there is the one
that's going to get reported and even if
they report it as a not perfectly
credible number it still becomes the
number right if it's the one in your
head it becomes the one in your head now
let me give you an example of why this
is a problem in my corporate days I was
the usually the finance and budget guy
and so my boss would call me in and say
uh have you done the analysis on this or
that and I say no you haven't done that
yet
and then she would say but I got to put
the budget together so can you give me a
number you know what what's your best
guess you know I'm just doing the first
draft of the budget and I would say
first draft you say she goes yeah it's
just the first draft just give me you
know the best ese you can I know that
it'll get refined later but you know
this just to get the general idea of the
budget do you think I would give her a
number absolutely
not no way no
way that that is a rookie
mistake you die before you give that
number do you know why because whatever
number you get becomes the number
forever so if the real number is it's
going to cost us
,000 but you didn't know and you're like
I don't know I I feel like it could be
like
$50,000 and then later you could come
back the very next day and say oh you
know now that I've analyzed it's really
only $1,000
that 50 is going to live forever
everybody who heard it is going to
remember the 50 and you will not be able
to talk the man of it with all of your
data and your graphs and your
numbers so Israel may be making a
persuasion Mistake by not giving their
own numbers but probably they think
their own numbers would be high and that
would be bad as well so the risk is the
one number that we keep hearing is from
the uh Hamas Palestinian side and as low
as The credibility
is
um yeah as low as The credibility
is uh it's going to be the one everybody
remembers so that's really going to hurt
Israel all right uh European Union
finded Apple $2
billion for being anti-competitive
according to their European laws uh
meaning that Apple was favoring its own
music streaming service over the rivals
now not only do they favor it uh it
literally operates like a virus on your
phone and on your computer how many
times have you had to remove that Apple
music advertisement that popped up on
your screen oh my God I hate that
thing I hate it that I have to go
manually delete it every time
wow so yes Apple was in fact favoring
their own music service and I guess
that's illegal in the European
Union
now I I just for uh you know full
disclosure I used to have Apple stock
for quite a few years number of years
did great but I sold it recently because
the AI risk feels too big now in all
likelihood you know if you were going to
bet you know a small amount of number if
you going if you going to make a a $10
bet I would bet that they would do fine
and that they'll they'll come up with a
really good AI their their own um
they'll build it into the operating
system they'll have another few super
Cycles probably do fine so if I'm going
to bet $100 or
$10 I'd bet on
Apple but if you get about a million
dollars you want to start thinking about
some
diversification because you can lose 10
or hundred but you don't want to lose a
million dollars so
I got rid of my investment because it
was no longer uh a monopoly so the
reason I owned apple is that they
operated like a monopoly not just a
monopoly but a diversified Monopoly it
was like perfect and it was very
predictable it's just giant the biggest
Cash Cow of all time but AI could change
that
overnight if if they don't have a killer
AI phone in the works could be a problem
but they probably do like I said at
least I know two chances out a three
that they'll they'll nail it um but I
think the phone is going to get rid of
apps or something like it yeah I think
the phone might turn into you talk to
your phone and then your phone goes off
the network and then you know the the
apps might live in the network in some
sense but you don't need them on your
phone and so so I don't know Apple's got
some big things to to fix NBC news says
uh maybe the polar bears have adapted
and they won't go extinct from all the
climate
change how how do you interpret that the
first hint is NBC News what's that tell
you tells you it's the official you know
CIA Andor Democrat narrative so if their
narrative which used to be the polar
bears are going to die from climate
change has changed to during an election
year election year has changed
to um looks like those polar bears are
going to do fine it seems they've
adapted does it look to you like they're
going to they need to come up with an
explanation of why climate change didn't
kill the polar
bearers it looks like that to me it
looks like a little bit of the cats on
the roof for the climate change alarm
doesn't it well we don't want to say
that all the predictions have been
 forever but it looks like maybe
those polar bears will survive after
all yeah got lucky do you know who is
just proven right by polar bears
surviving if that's in fact what's
happening uh Bjorn
lomberg and everybody who said and viic
and basically everybody who said that
the alarm is
overdone and that we're
really but not only are humans really
good at adjusting and even if the you
know the natural disasters are extreme
we figure out how to lower our death
count to the point where it's almost
minuscule compared to what it was
historically and it turns out that you
could even be a dumb old polar bear and
you could figure out how to not die from
climate change if you have enough time
to work work on it
even the polar bears had enough time
like uh I feel like it's one degree
warmer this year than it was 10 years
ago what do you think and the other
polar bear is like yeah you know what
I'm feeling it maybe we should go look
for some uh you know salmon or something
on the the dry land get off these
icebergs so I think that's how it worked
out I think the polar bears much smarter
than you
think
uh
oh okay
um and meanwhile um New York sea levels
are
predicted there's a new prediction that
the New York sea levels because all the
melting ice could surge up to 13 in the
the the water line but it could be 14 in
based on a new
study how the old studies
do like I'm a little confused by this
because I thought El Gore said we're
already
underwater what's going on all right let
me ask you this do you think it would be
appropriate if you're going to print an
article about the uh the sea levels
Rising because of climate
change is it at all appropr
to mention all the other times that's
been predicted and been completely wrong
is that not useful context at all no
no who's owned by
Israel I want to see
what
uh looks like you got your own little
side side conversation going on there
anyway I'm not not too worried about sea
levels and as they Rose I think we'd
figured
out probably figured
down and Nikki Elli will get 13 inches
of sea level rise she'll fight for every
inch yeah
well they finally figured out how
Egyptians built the pyramids all right I
got to read this somebody on local
says uh oh there's a statue from 1900 BC
depicting 172 Men Moving a statue with
ropes attached to a sled and they can
they put water on the sand that makes it
slipperier um there's an Optimum
stiffness all right so they think they
wet the sand and dragged it over the
sand
maybe maybe
maybe all right ladies and gentlemen
that's all I've got for you this fine
Monday let's go count your Bitcoins and
uh have a good day thanks for joining
over on the platforms of X and Rumble
and the highly racist YouTube appreciate
you coming see you
tomorrow