good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and I'm
pretty sure you're the happiest people
in the world because you get to see this
now if you'd like to take your
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand all you need for that is
a copper a Mugger glass a tanker chel or
Stein a canteen jug or flask a vessel of
any kind f with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine of the
day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens
now I hope you all participated because
it was good it was good don't let people
just tell you how it was you got to be a
joiner
I had a tragedy earlier my first cup of
coffee I don't like to admit this but I
didn't have my coffee warmer
on have you ever tried to take a big sip
of
coffee only to find out it was ice cold
and you
go oh yeah if you're ready for it it's
okay all right let's talk football a
sport which I have almost no interest in
but you know it's a thing that's
happening so we'll talk about it as you
know you can predict the winter of
almost any major playoff game by looking
at their
mascots uh in this case last night the
Chiefs beat the Buffalo
Bills yes Chiefs beat Buffalo every time
yeah buffalo in a fight with a Native
American probably would lose probably
would lose unless you know unless the
Native American had no
spear but I think there's a good chance
that the Super Bowl will be the Kansas
City chief Chiefs versus the
49ers why do I say that well San
Francisco is just sort of it's sort of
the it City at the moment isn't it and
then the Chiefs have Taylor Swift as a
special interest story because you know
she's dating one of the the
players so doesn't it feel like the
simulation or possibly whoever whoever
is really running things is trying to
set it up for a Chiefs versus for
ners
Victory does it seem to you that none of
the it feels like it's all rigged I
don't think it is I'm not making that
accusation but but it the the outcome
looks exactly like it's rigged I'm not
making that claim by the
way however if it comes down to a
contest between the Chiefs and the 49ers
who wins go Chiefs and the 49ers based
entirely on the mascot who would win a
chief or a 49er
chief for a 49er all right let me break
it down for
you spear or
shovel spear or shovel Chief has a spear
49er has a shovel who wins Chiefs yeah
yeah it's got to be Taylor Swift because
you know the thing we all care about is
we want to see Taylor Swift hugging her
boyfriend after a superv victory we want
to see him climbing all the way up
through the other people through the
stands and hugging our icon tellor sft I
feel like everything just has to go that
way because it just has to go that way
do you have that feeling too like none
of it's real it just sort of has to go
that way like like We're Dreaming
it know it's kind of
weird anyway now another backwards of
science backwards a science it's science
that looks like it's forward but it
might be backwards so there's a new
study that suggest gu that teens um who
were more often on YouTube had higher
levels of
depression so what does that tell you
does it tell you that YouTube makes you
depressed because there are more people
who more kids who are depressed on
YouTube than the ones who not or or is
it backwards science could it be that
kids who are not so happy don't have so
many friends to hang out with spend more
time on their
phone which one's more
likely both that is correct there's a
good chance is both but certainly the
biggest impact is that they didn't have
something else to do when you're playing
with your friends you're far more like
less likely to look at your phone at the
same
time so here's the thing you need to
know about
science if they had studied a bunch of
random people who had never heard of
YouTube right this is the way you would
do the study if you did it the right way
you get some teens who had never heard
of YouTube impossible so first of all
you can't do the science it's actually
not possible to study this because you
couldn't find anybody who had never use
YouTube then you randomly pick half of
those people and make sure you've got a
much bigger group of people than the
ones they studied they studied like two
to 300 people maybe not enough maybe it
is you know it's on the border of enough
I think um but you should study people
would never heard of YouTube and then
half of them randomly are put on and
then you check them in two years you
find out if they're more depressed now
if you could do that and then it was
repeatable you might have something
here's what you can't
do this the very thing they did is the
thing that even on paper doesn't work
you can't you can't take people who have
self- selected to watch a lot of YouTube
and then look for a
disease because the reason they self-
selected that may have to do with their
mental state right if you can't untangle
that this is not real science this is
not even close to real science so just
remember that rule if the people have
already selected self- selected in
you're not studying anything yeah
because you don't have any way to
control it that's such such a basic
scientific concept that if you don't
have a real control group like a real
one the whole thing's
garbage well uh AI 3D rendering is
getting amazing you know you know of
course that 3D can make photo realistic
pictures and you knew that it could make
photo realistic movies but it would take
a while to render them but now we have
it looks like
realtime photo
realistic video rendering in other words
you could if you were in virtual reality
for example you had goggles on you could
walk into a house that had never
existed you know a virtual house that
had never existed until you walked into
it and then it could build the house as
you walk through the rooms in real time
so that you would never be aware that it
was building it before you got
there you know what that
means if you haven't seen I don't know
how many times how many more hints you
can get we we are absolutely a
simulation there is no way we're base
reality the fact that we're recreating a
simulation that's perfect and we're
watching it we're watching ourselves
create a perfect
simulation of course we're a
simulation of course we are the the odds
that we're base reality are just so
small so small I mean it's possible but
the the odds are so much against it yeah
but as as the uh I'll say the evidence
mounts up it's going to get funnier and
funnier it's kind of like watching the
Democrats realize that they're the bad
guys like the evidence just keeps piling
up and filing up to the point where even
Jamie Diamond can't take it anymore Bill
Maher is like I'm
out it feels like that yeah we're a
simulation um Elon mus says he expects a
billion humanoid robots by 2040 in the
2040s a billion humanoid
robots that might be
low uh Amazon apparently has up to
750,000 robots working for it in its
warehouses and whatnot
750,000
robots that's a lot of robots how long
before a robot can drive a
truck I mean maybe the truck could drive
itself you still need the robot to get
out and put it on your
doorstep the answer is today that is
correct not
legally but yes I'm pretty sure a robot
could drive a car today because all
you'd have to do is put uh
Tesla's Tesla's AI into the robot
because the car can already do it so
wouldn't be hard to make a robot do it
when I say it wouldn't be hard I mean it
wouldn't be hard for smart people not
for
me um 750,000 Rob
do you know how many cars there are for
the people in the United States let's
just give our give ourselves a uh
comparison and of a hundred people who
are alive in the United States how many
cars are there for every hundred people
how many
cars
70 there's 70 cars for every
human now a lot of those humans are too
old to drive and too young to drive and
there's still 70 cars for every every
person so when Elon says there might be
a billion humanoid robots in 2040 I feel
like there's definitely going to be more
robots than
people because our our population is
declining we're not going to need more
people if the robots are doing the work
the the whole point of getting married
and having kids is
becoming sadly
uneconomical so I think elon's number is
way small maybe not small for 2040 but
there will be way more humanoid robots
than
people would you agree what do you think
of that eventually there have to be more
robots and more
cyborgs Well India has uh made a goal of
having a commissioning a nuclear power
reactor every year so India is going to
spin up a nuclear power reactor one a
year and I think they can do it now do
you realize what good news this is for
America this is one of those stories in
another country where you say to
yourself H well that doesn't affect us
oh it
does oh this affects us a lot number one
uh India is an alternative to China and
you know for manufacturing so they need
Powers that's good if you want an
alternative to China uh number two if
they lead the way in in making nuclear
even safer than it already is and easier
uh there will be a whole bunch of Indian
Engineers who will become really good at
nuclear power
plants some of them might want to live
in the United States because of our you
know a productive relationship with
India and their massive number of
Engineers what we need in
America might be some of those Indian
Engineers so yeah if India does well in
nuclear power I think that directly you
know spills over into America because we
work with them very
productively so great news I mean is is
way bigger than you think it is it just
seems like a small story but it might be
a big story in the long
run there's a product being advertised
called no more colds I'm not going to
tell you it works because I wouldn't
know that but it's a little uh device
you stick to your nose on the outside
and it shoots light into your nose to
kill
viruses that's right right there's a
product on the market that you can buy
that injects disinfectant into your
body do you love 2024 yet I'm going to
make you love
it 2024 is so lit I've never seen
anything like this I feel like every
story is just a gift like all the
stories are just H there's just
something so delicious about all of them
now I'm not going to say this you know
changes anything but you talk about
Trump being
right apparently the difference between
Trump being a crazy monster and being
right about everything is three and a
half years three and a half years
between being crazy and right about
everything just right about
everything so the big news last night is
DeSantis has Dro down of the race um I
would like
to uh be serious for a moment just for a
moment I love the fact that I live in a
country that has a V ramaswami and Iran
DeSantis because those two people really
made me proud honestly they made me
proud to be American and honestly that's
that's been hard to come by because both
of those people I think ran for all the
right reasons you know everybody has
personal ambition ions of course but I
think they ran for the right reasons I
think they they were a credit to the
Republican party I think they were a
credit to the country and I think
everything that Ron Des sensus did you
could say it wasn't exciting as a
campaign but if you took Trump out of
the mix he would have been
fine Des santis didn't need to be more
interesting than other politicians he
just had the highest bar anybody ever
had which was all right Ron all you have
to do is be more interesting than Trump
you'll do fine ju just be more
interesting than Trump that's all you
have to do well that's a pretty high
bar and people have emotional
attachments to Trump that you know you
can't overcome at this point so the fact
that D santis didn't hit Trump hard the
fact that he is backing him unabashedly
after pulling out and even the timing of
when he pulled out and how he did it and
what he said it was just pitch perfect
it honestly was and so thank you um and
congratulations for for doing something
very good for the country now here's
here's my big
Point individually both men ramas Swami
and
DeSantis um you know they they ran their
race and they they got out with honor
but they did something way bigger way
bigger they legitimize
Trump mostly DeSantis cuz he was the
more established politician but what I
mean was if Trump had never had a
legitimate primary com uh
opponent he would not look like the best
candidate he would look like the Revenge
crazy dictator what's wrong with the
Republicans they're all crazy is there
no is there no Republican in the world
who was sayane it would be all that
stuff but here's what happened
instead Republicans took a year they
took a long close look at the
Alternatives including Nikki haly not
only did they look at him they lived it
they breathed it they they ate it they
smelled it they touched it they kicked
the tires and when they were done they
said thank you appreciate appreciate the
Alternatives we'll take
Trump that's so different than if he had
run on aosst running unopposed would
have would have made me really
uncomfortable running opposed by by such
capable and patriotic uh citizens really
gives me a good
feeling about the fact that the
Republicans have um took their time
looked at the options did not did not
really give dentus or ramaswami a hard
time for competing against their you
know beloved candidate let them run gave
it give them space let them do their
thing th this is like the most positive
thing I've seen I don't know in years
the dentus is uh
respectful and capable leadership um and
I think I'm going to say something that
you're not going to want to
hear but I think that desantis's run was
so
honorable that uh he's got to be the
leading candidate for 2028 now I love my
V I'll Pro I probably back him if if he
decides to run in 2028
but I think DeSantis has has basically
he did everything he should do and I
appreciate it so now some of you hate
him I get it you're not going to change
your minds but uh I just think he did
well so I wanted to say that all
[Music]
right
um so Nikki Hy is now turning it into uh
more of a man woman kind of thing and
she's saying it's now one fella and one
lady
left one fell and one lady so she's
pushing hard that uh let's see what she
said I think she said uh I have a vagina
vote for my
vagina oh no that's that's not a direct
quote I'm paraphrasing I'm paraphrasing
what she said was it's now one fell and
one lady left because you know the thing
I care most about is her vagina
that's that's my top concern oh yeah
policies look good but do you have a
vagina right this is so non-republican
to be selling her
genitalia like this is just not the
right look she's in the wrong party for
that anyway uh the uh the person behind
the libs of Tik Tok cha
raichik uh post said I have yet to meet
someone who is voting for Nikki hilly
have you
now she's been saying this for a while
as of I and uh I haven't I haven't
remember I told you there's one person I
knew and that is somebody I had not even
met in person but one person that I've
you know interacted with a lot I would
call him an online friend um changed his
mind he was the only Nikki hilly
supporter I knew and he changed his
mind so we'll see all right uh
incredible so Trump has been teasing on
his choice of VP because it's what we
all want to talk about who's your
VP uh and Trump is just the master of
teasing the show you know the the
trailer to the movie without giving away
the plot so listen to his exact trace of
words about the VP he was asked about
quote I may or may not really uh decide
something over the next couple of months
there's no no rush to that it won't have
any impact at all so he's basically
saying his his VP Choice won't make any
difference he's
right the person that I think I'd like
is a very good person a pretty
standard I think people won't be that
surprised but I would say there's
probably a 25% chance that it would be
that
person he's
perfect he first he tells you he may
have made up his mind and that it's a
standard person so that gives you like a
little hint a standard person standard
person who is it well it's probably not
V would you call v a standard person no
he's a little extra I I wouldn't call
him a standard because he's not a he's
not a lifetime politician so standard
suggests to me somebody already in
politics yeah I mean he screaming Tim
Scott isn't it now he says there's a 25%
chance he might do
it do do you think uh Tulsi would be
standard I don't think so I think
tulsi's a little extra is Ben Carson
standard too boring there there's no way
that Trump picks
boring I mean well no I take that back
he picked Pence yeah Pence was kind of
boring but I don't I just I just don't
see Carson it doesn't make sense to me
yeah uh but here's some related news Tim
Scott just got engaged
that's an interesting timing isn't it
Tim Scott got engaged and then
immediately endorsed Trump and then
Trump says that he might be looking for
a vice president who's quote pretty
standard what what are two words that
you would use to describ Tim Scott as a
politician pretty
standard right his whole problem is that
he's a little too standard there's
absolutely nothing interesting about him
uh except his you know
shareholder uh story no sharecropper
story about his grandparents so I think
his his story is that his
grandparents uh were picking cotton and
then you know two generations later he's
in the Senate maybe running for
president
and what I want is for the simulation
that clearly we live in can you stop me
if I told this joke already do do you
know sometimes you you remember thinking
about a joke but you don't know if you
already told it I may have told this in
the man cave but I'm going to lay it on
you anyway even if you've heard
it Tim Scott he's most famous for his
grandparents picking cotton and that he
went from uh cotton picking family to
running for president in two generations
so that's why America is
great now if he were ever to run for
president again and let's say he got the
nomination who would you want him to
pick as his vice president running mate
well I would go with Tom Cotton because
that he's got a perfect story in three
generations he went from picking cotton
to picking cotton
boom hello
yeah I might vote for him just for the
word
play yeah shut up about your policies
let's hear that joke again that was
pretty
good that pick and cotton joke is really
pretty pretty good I'm going to vote for
him if if he if he goes with a double
double cotton
picking the the cotton picking book end
strategy I'm all in so let me just say
that in
advance I I'm not saying he might be the
best president I'm saying if he can go
with
that that's good enough for a cartoonist
I'm in all right I don't think Trump's
going to pick Tim
Scott um but I do think he's not decided
so I'm sure there'll be lots more on
that all right RFK Jr continues to be
fascinating which doesn't mean I agree
with all of his policies but he does
harp on this and I say harp on it like
it's bad it's good um chronic illnesses
in the US and I don't know why he can't
get people to be interested in this I
feel like I'm the only person interested
in it but but listen to what he says
there's a lot of truth behind it but we
don't know exactly I we don't know the
reality but but there's stuff we see all
right here's what we
see um so he says RFK junor says the
chronic disease epidemic is now de 60%
of our young people have some kind of
chronic
disease uh it's the highest levels of
neurological diseases ADD ADHD speech
delay language delay ticks Tourette ASD
and autism he says in 70-year-old man
the autism rate today is 1 in
10,000 but in kids it's 1 in
34 how did it go from 1 in 10,000 to
134 don't we need to look into
that yeah these are just examples and
then uh he said uh I had never heard of
juvenile diabetes or rheumato arthritis
or Cron's disease or lupus as a kid all
these uh began around
1989 so
1989 something might have changed so you
can you can track when all the Badness
started happening now some are going to
say it's because the the vaccination
schedules uh but I don't think that's
proven and and I'm not sure that RFK
Junior thinks it's
proven I think he's he's saying just a
smart thing which is all right this is
too big of a coincidence to
ignore doesn't mean this is what's
killing
you oh older older adults not diagnosed
well I thought about that that the older
older ones were not diagnosed but I
lived a long time without meeting
anybody who was
Autistic or at Asbergers I mean my
entire childhood I never met one I don't
think so you know
observationally they're everywhere now
and they were nowhere when I was a kid I
don't
remember so I don't know if we know why
it's happen
what about
obesity uh obesity from 133% when JFK
was president to 42% today and 75% are
overweight and then he says did American
Kids suddenly get lazy well
yes yes they did they did suddenly get
lazy that's right technology and blah
blah blah and crime and everything else
uh but I would add to his story when I
was in my
30s mid-30s I think it was I ended up in
the emergency room with asthma that I'd
never had before that's right I had
adult onset asthma and you know what the
doctor said you know this didn't used to
ever
happen you know either you had asthma as
a kid or you didn't have it and if you
had it as a kid you might maybe grow out
of it I think that's the thing I'm not
sure some people I may be talking beyond
my level of knowledge there
but the doctor did tell me this wasn't
even a thing not many years ago but now
we're seeing a a whole bunch of adults
with asthma where' that come from where
did all the penut allergies come from
yeah looking at your comment so RFK Jr
is 100% right that there's a major major
problem that we're ignoring as a as a
country how would you like to see Trump
um put put uh and by the way RFK Jr
blames uh regulatory capture you know he
says the the problem here is that uh the
the regulatory agents are owned by the
industry so they're not actually
regulating now that could be now imagine
Trump being president and saying RFK Jr
I'm GNA give you a special job sort out
what the problem here is and see if you
can do something about regulatory
capture because I feel like we could I
mean Reg atory capture feels like the
easiest thing you could fix you just
change out the
people and just you know put in a rule
that says you can't go work for the
company you're regulating for at least
10 years or something like that now it'd
be a problem because in order to get
people who understand the industry
you're going to get people entering
government who someday do want to go
back because that's exactly their
expertise you know that industry they
left to be in government for a while so
it' be a problem but it's very solvable
well Jamie Diamond the biggest Banker in
the country once again said more on
immigration he said if if you do not
control the borders you're going to
destroy our country uh now that we're
sending migrants to New York all my
super liberal friends realize what a
problem it
is my
goodness at Texas and
Florida for the
win for the win that whole shipping the
migrant
was
genius that was genius wouldn't you love
to know whose idea that
was do you think they simultaneously all
had the same
idea there's somebody
somewhere who was the originator of that
idea it wasn't the governors no it
wasn't the governors that that stuff
comes from smart people who make
suggestions I don't know where it came
from but there's somebody who changed
the um probably changed the direction of
the country with one good idea that when
they heard it they said Oh shoot that's
a good idea think about that so you're
you're saying it was Ken Paxton but I'll
bet it wasn't I'll bet it came from
somebody below
government you want to bet I don't think
we'll ever
know although I think I
know I think I know because there's only
one person smart enough to do it and
pull it off but I'll never tell you who
it was if I'm
right um Steven Miller is a good guess
yeah that's not who I was thinking but
it's a good
guess anyway I'd love to know so Jamie
Diamond again I'm going to give him a
shout out as good citizen good Democrat
good
Banker um I love I love this yeah I feel
like sense is breaking out everywhere
there there's just a whole bunch of
people acting like adults again I feel
like the adults are slowly coming back
into the conversation you know Jamie
Diamond being
one all right uh roson uh asked people
if they thought there was a quote
catastrophe on the
border is border security a catastrophe
so they actually use the word
catastrophe 58% of likely voters said
yes 58% of the country said it's a
catastrophe
catastrophe and we're not we're not
doing anything about it and Democrats
are
[Music]
like I think the Republicans are largely
worthless on that
too there's a mom who's suing DHS and
HHS because uh a MS13 member got into
the country through our border security
or lack of it
and I'm not even going to tell you what
crime that it did but it involved their
daughter and so her daughter is dead and
she's suing them now can somebody give
me a uh legal opinion I didn't know you
could sue these big government
organizations for not doing their job
how's that how's that even
legal they she can't win right people
are saying you can't
but why isn't everybody suing everybody
in the government because you would
always everybody has a reason I mean I
can sue the government for 10 different
reasons yeah I'm I'm a little confused
it's like why is Jen uh weager running
for president when he's a naturalized
citizen which by the way I have great
respect for anybody who's a naturalized
citizen you know you went through the
trouble you passed the test you're
you're American Plus you know better
than an American because you took the
test and you chose to be here I was just
born here I didn't even take a test so
the the naturalized citizens I have
great respect for um but he's running
for president nobody told him he can't
be
president I don't know this is
weird anyway so I've told you before
that the most predictable uh thing for
predicting the future is not just follow
the money but follow the insurance money
right follow the money will get you a
long ways into understanding the world
but follow the insurance money and
you're really going to know
something now where that breaks down is
if when the insurance company tells you
there's excess deaths and they can't
explain it because it's in their
interest to tell you their are excess
death so they can charge you more so I
wouldn't believe that but I would
believe if they make other kinds of
adjustments you have to you have to look
at them individually
so if this mom succeeds in suing the
government wouldn't other moms do the
same so I I I don't know how there could
be a story on this without saying that
it's possible to sue the government or
that's not possible that to me that was
the main part of the story is it
possible yeah I see you yelling
sovereign immunity but other people are
saying it doesn't exist so I'm not I'm
not going to be able to solve this
here
anyway if she succeeds then it would be
a thing if she do if it's not if she
can't Soo them and get away with it then
it never will be a thing all right
um let's see end wokeness reported that
on the
xplatform um Nikki Haley says that she
has experienced discrimination so not
only does she have a vagina which is a
big selling point she wants you to know
but uh she's she's also got some
experience with
discrimination for example it was pretty
bad I mean uh I I was unaware of the
struggle but apparently she had it
really bad when she was a kid she says
if you want to know what it was like
growing up oh here it
comes can you get ready this might be a
little rugged for you so prepare
yourself I might St I might start crying
before the end of this is so
sad I'm going to try to keep it
together I
was I was disqualified from a beauty
pageant because I wasn't white or black
because they didn't know where to put
me ell I'm sorry I'm
sorry
yeah
now um I did not just you know I'm lucky
being a white guy that I didn't have to
suffer any of this discrimination in
fact um I was far too ugly to be
considered for any beauty contests and I
have a a penis which used to be
disqualifying it's not not anymore in
the modern world that wouldn't have stop
me a bit and in fact even being
unattractive wouldn't have stopped me in
the modern world but back then the
discrimination against me was terrible
they say you can't get in that beauty
contest Scott you're not a man or I mean
I'm sorry you're not a
woman and you're not attractive those
are two hits against you yeah and so I
said to myself well at least I won't be
discriminated in
employment for being a white guy sure
maybe I can't be in the beauty contest
but once I hit that employment Market
wow I could be jumping over the heads of
all the poor brown people who couldn't
possibly compete with my white
supremacy but what happened instead was
I lost five separate careers because I
was white and male you've all heard the
stor so I don't have to reiterate them
so here's my
recommendation if you're complaining
about the Discrimination of your Youth
and you can't get it up to a level
that's worse than
mine white guy in
America you don't have a thing
you don't have anything you're shooting
blanks there so
no yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm I'm so sorry
about your terrible experience with the
beauty
pageant Jesus Christ all right let's
talk about Alex Soros who tweeted an
article from the Atlantic now there are
two versions of how to understand the
story one is that Alex Soros is The
Mastermind behind what I'm going to
explain or two he is the dupe who didn't
realized that he was being used all
right so the thing he he he posted was
from the Atlantic now the Atlantic is
not a real publication I don't know if
it ever was but it's basically a
Democrat organ to say bad things about
Republicans and good things about
Republic uh
Democrats so but I think they've taken
it to a new level because here's what
Alex sorus said in his post and then
I'll describe it
um well what what he said was that the
the Atlantic article shows that the
arguments that crime was under of
control and inflation was under of
control have been blown apart because
crime is falling he says you know based
on the Atlantic I don't think that's
true maybe murder is down but not
property crime um and he says that uh
inflation is down so as Al sorus points
out and here's the part I agree
with when he says that the reasons for
the inflation must not have been true
because those reasons didn't change but
the inflation did is he
wrong the reasons given for our
inflation were all the debt and money
printing mostly debt and money printing
but the debt and money printing are
still there but the inflation is down so
Alex Soro says whatever you thought was
the cause of the inflation must have
been
wrong because those causes still exist
they're worse debt is higher but the
inflation is down does he have a point
is Alex Soros correct he's got a PhD
he's not you know good
education went to got his PhD from
Berkeley that's where I got my
MBA um he's actually kind of
right he's right here here's what I can
tell you all right I've got a degree in
economics and I've got an MBA from same
school that Alex Soros got his PhD
Berkeley I'm pretty sure that nobody
understands
economics not me and I observe that
nobody else seems to either because if
we don't know why inflation went
down we don't know anything and if we
couldn't predict that it would go down
given that every Force we understood to
make it go up you know except for maybe
supply chain stuff uh I don't think
that you're both F that the people who
think they do understand economics are
the
dumbest because there are people telling
me that uh both uh Soros and I don't
understand economics well you're right
about that but if you're hallucinating
that you do and all the e economists in
the world or confused but you've figured
it out the problem might be on your end
you might be an example of what I'm
talking about yeah know it sounds like a
Dunning Krueger situation there
somebody's an expert on
economics anyway um that's not the main
story so I do agree with him on his
point that whatever we thought about
economics was probably wrong uh or
there's a trick maybe our inflation
numbers are just up but whatever's going
on there's a there's a thing we don't
understand and we really don't
understand it not the left not the right
just nobody because none of it makes
sense unless the numbers are just made
up which is
possible all
right but the bigger story is that the
image that came with the Atlantic
article that Alex Soros posted showed
two pictures side by side one was a
bullet hole through a window or through
glass and the other was a a hand holding
a bunch of dollar
bills the if you added up the currency
in the hand it added up to 47
$47
47 next to the Bullet
Hole do you see
it what's 47 does that have any meaning
to
you that will be the number of our next
president likely Trump
but you say to yourself well that's a
coincidence except you look at the
numbers that are on the two first bills
there's there's some kind of number
that's like in the middle of the
bill yeah and it adds up to
45 now I'm not going to say that the
Atlantic knew that they added up to
47 maybe they didn't I don't know but
that would be the biggest coincidence in
the world wouldn't it that at the very
time we suspect the Democrats are
putting out the word to assassinate
Trump that the Atlantic the very entity
you would think would be behind such a
horrible horrible thing if such a thing
ever happened
hypothetically that is so on the nose
and then Alex Soros is the one who is
posting
it how do you explain
that let me tell you my
hypothesis it's not too on the nose it's
exactly what it looks like that's my
hypothesis my hypothesis is that the
intelligence entities probably in this
country I assume it's this country um
know how to prime the public to
assassinate a president you just have to
put the ID out there and it looks to me
like this was a a signal to the
Democrats to put the Ida out there it
wasn't necessarily a bad signal for
somebody specific to be an assassin it
looks like it's the beginning of what
you're going to see will be a whole
bunch of imagery and conversation around
it because if you talk about it enough
you can you can
basically will it into
existence I think we all know that the
reason there's so many mass shootings is
because we've heard of other mass
shootings we all agree with that right
the people who have done mass shootings
have all heard of mass shootings that's
not a coincidence
so it does feel like it's exactly what
it looks like this does look like a call
from our intelligence people to
assassinate Trump that's what I in my
opinion that's what this is now I can't
prove
it but it has every signal of it and the
the people who are in our intelligence
groups would understand persuasion at
least as well as I do and if you
understand persuasion it's kind of
staring your right in the
face there's no way this is an accident
I mean it would be such a coincidence
such a coincidence
right not only that but one of the one
of the bills was a silver certificate
when was the last time you saw a dollar
bill that said silver certificate on
it have you ever seen one very rare oh
you have one right but do you think that
when somebody picked up a hand full of
bills to take a photograph do you think
that they had a silver certificate
laying around and they just I'll just
put it in the
mix what's made of
silver Silver
Bullet Silver Bullet I mean you think
bullet when you hear silver silver
bullet so in this one
image the two side by side there's a
bullet
hole there's silver on a dollar that
should be there you know it would be
very
unusual adds up to 47 and the numbers on
the bill are
45 and it's coming from the
Atlantic that's a lot of
coincidences I'm going to rate this not
a coincidence and in the context that we
know the January 6 stuff was an OP we
watched the patri front people getting
ready for Charlottesville 2.0 as Alex
Jones tells us is coming oh and it is is
that's obviously an OP Charlottesville
was obviously an op in my opinion
obviously an op and most of the actions
against the president from the uh Russia
collusion which was an OP um and then we
look at how many people our country has
killed in other countries assassinated
other leaders quite a few then you look
at the information about the JFK
assassination CIA was involved but Rogue
right-wing elements
no every part of this looks legitimate
to
me every part of it looks
legitimate legitimately like they put
the head
out that's what it looks like now I
think that Alex Soros is more
likely um a puppet of something
larger but I don't know what I don't
believe that the sorosis are the top of
the pile I believe that they're acting
under instruction
or
pressure or
incentive from some other entity that's
bigger than them so you have to ask
yourself what's bigger than Soros now if
you say well
China I think Soros was kind of
anti-china wasn't
he because that one doesn't fit and I
don't think Soros was
proin right and it wouldn't make sense
if he had some kind of Israel connection
because Israel doesn't want to destroy
the United
States yeah so I don't know who but to
me it looks like there's somebody above
the Soros
organization it has that look about it
but I you know it's just a
hunch all right um ibram kendi you know
he's the force behind SI Dei stuff um he
said you know he posted how important it
is to make sure that we don't stop
teaching about slavery because I guess
some kids are not getting the message in
school but I responded to him and I said
if you teach kid economic strategies you
raise happy winners I'm paraphrasing
myself uh but if you teach kids about
the horrors of slavery and horrors of
the past you get basically angry
losers so you have a choice focus on
economic strategy which if I were a poor
black kid my economic strategy would be
to get good grades get
scholarships get into college easily and
with the college education have a job at
any major corporation I wanted because
they are favoring diversity so I would
teach black kids hey did you know that
you have the better path and they would
say what no way everybody told us we're
descendants of slaves and there's uh the
systemic racism I say yeah that's all
true it is that's all true but
uh the government carved down a path for
you that's like a express lane you don't
have to worry about any of that you've
got an express lane just get in it what
do I have to do do well in school and
then College will take care of itself
because they'll they'll be begging for
you and then the C the corporations will
be begging for you once you have a
degree so not only will the government
pay for your education but they're
strong arming the uh companies to make
sure you're on the top of the list so
your economic strategy is way better
than white people but different their
economic strategy might be you know get
a job with my uncle Etc so they should
do their strategy and you should do your
strategy but they're not the same then
everybody does well you know or at least
more people would do well
so here's the other part that is real
systemic uh
racism if you're a typical uh white male
the odds that you've met at least one
other successful white male who could
give you advice is pretty good there's
probably somebody in your circle who's
done better than other people and that
you know they can walk you through but
I'll bet you there's a lot of poor black
kids who literally don't know a
successful person except for drug
dealers and athletes maybe
so so to me the biggest problem in the
black
Community is systemic racism but in the
form of the teachers unions that are
making the the schools
terrible and in the form of not
producing qualified leaders for the
black community so ibram kendi is is
probably a good egg I mean I I don't
think he's means bad for the world but
he's clearly not capable or qualified to
help the black community in fact he's
making it worse in my opinion
so I think that's the case of systemic
racism if your if your community doesn't
already have a bunch of successful
people you don't have the mentors and
the leaders to to lift up the rest of
you you say you're not convinced he's a
good guy well I don't know either way
but I would make I'm going to make the
generous assumption that given the area
he's working in you know obviously
everybody has career
Ambitions but
i d I doubt he's
evil I doubt it yeah can't rule it
out so if you focus on the systemic
realis racism that uh black kids don't
have good mentors and leaders and they
also don't have a good school system
they really can't make it out with with
those two things working against you you
don't have a chance you don't have a
chance you got to fix the school and fix
the mentors whether that's fathers or
somebody El
but no there there's no chance of
success so how did the uh how's how are
things
going well the uh the In-N-Out in
Oakland just closed it was doing great
business but there was too much crime
and cars being broken in the employees
were being robbed and stuff so Oakland's
going to lose all
food let me ask you this if you were a
food provider in Oakland would you
stay would you you I mean if you could
get out wouldn't you get out as soon as
you
can I would so get away from Oakland
they're not going to have food to buy
pretty
soon uh so did you hear the story about
did I tell this about the uh the hacker
technical expert who in a court
demonstrated to the judge that he could
hack a I think it was a
Dominion or was a
tabulator and he hacked it with a pen
but here's the best part did I say this
yesterday because there's a few things I
say in my man cave that I do separately
that I can't remember if I've already
said
but that so so I'm just going to add
some to it if I already said this so
imagine if you will this demonstration
in front of a judge he actually used a
pen just you know pushed a couple of
things on the outside of the thing and
it it went into safe mode which allowed
him to control the
data with a pen but here's the best part
of the story he borrowed the
pen from somebody so that he got to say
can I borrow your
pen that's the greatest one of the
greatest moments in court
history can I borrow your
pen oh man that's good yeah and and the
fact that he didn't bring a pen with
him that makes it is good cuz he knew he
was going to do it don't you think he
knew he was going to do it he knew it
would take a pen and he didn't bring one
that's just so good I mean maybe he had
one but it's way better if you say can I
borrow your pen now let me give you an
image in your head that I'm not going to
say it's going to happen but I want you
to just Delight in imagining it okay
just your
imagination imagine it's uh imagine this
is
reproducible so first of all I don't
know if the story is accurate and true I
don't know if there was anything about
that special device that he put the pen
on you know may maybe we'll find out
it's not true so this is just for fun
and just in your imagination imagine
it's
reproducible and Trump invites that guy
or or somebody else to do that
demonstration at a
rally and he does it right in front of
the rally crowd and then Trump says can
I try that and then they reset the
machine back to its original state and
then Trump takes the
pen and he hacks the machine with a pen
while you
watch
now before you do that you want to make
make sure you have the crowd all
microphoned have them all miked up
because you don't want to miss a thing I
want to see the picture of the Trump
rally crowd watching him hack a
tabulator with a
pen can you just picture it in your mind
they would wet
themselves they would have spontaneous
orgasms they would be completely wet
from the waist down they would be
high-fiving and hugging each other
screaming and laughing and it would be
the best thing you ever saw in your
life and that would be the third act now
you say to be probably but Scott that
doesn't prove anybody hacked any
machines it doesn't it doesn't mean the
election was rigged it
doesn't but how would that make you
feel it would tell you that we don't
know so it wouldn't tell you that
anything happened in 20120 that was
illegal it would just tell you that you
can't tell and if you can't
tell that's really the end of the story
you don't need to ask any more questions
if you can't tell who
won there's a
reason because we know how to make an
election where you can tell we know how
to do that so if you can't tell I'm
going to make I'm going to make the uh
obvious assumption that voting machines
are only for the purpose of
cheating because their other benefits
are
non-existent they cost more they're less
credible and they they cause some
questions about
accuracy there's no other reason other
count has use paper ballots and
everything's happy and everybody's fine
and I'm sure it costs
less all right well we'll keep an eye on
that I make no allegations about any
specific company or machine to avoid
lawsuits uh have you seen Trump's
impression of Biden so he's done a few
Impressions before he's done Biden
walking but now he's done Biden
reading and what I'd like to see is uh
Trump doing a sort of a sort of like you
know how uh big comedians will do a
bunch of Acts in small clubs to get
ready for their Netflix
special right so they they're they're
just testing things out small until
they're really Hing their act and then
they do a Netflix
special well I'd love to see Trump keep
working on his Biden
Impressions until he gets into a debate
with Biden in the in the final uh days
and i' love to see Trump just treat that
like his Netflix special and just start
breaking out his impressions of Biden
and watching Biden just see as he's
doing impressions of him like
a and then make Biden so mad because
Biden would probably get dementia mad
you know if he could trigger his
dementia anger and then I imagine the
two of them up there behind
lecterns and uh Biden decides to make a
run at Trump it's like and and I'm going
to give my own Biden impression of Biden
attacking Trump during a debate and it
goes like
this you bastard I'm going to get
you I'm coming for
you all I'm almost
there
so
that would be my perfect
day just watch him rushing rushing Trump
and then I imagine Trump seeing him
coming at slow robot speed and just
putting his hand on on Biden's head and
looking for security like could could
somebody do is there anybody could you
take care of this and Biden would be
like like okay
okay so that's what I
imagine
right um let's
say O'Keefe has a new video on uh the
so-called bird Doggers that Clinton's
campaign hired during uh the Clinton
versus Trump era and apparently there's
undercover video and a direct
explanations of the entire network of
Bad actors that were hired to disrupt
Trump
rallies now how many of you didn't know
that they were sending people to disrupt
his his rallies because now they've got
the actual actors the people the the
entire network of how it was done is all
on it's all on video now so everything
you thought about Clinton's dirty tricks
from the Russia collusion which was all
planned apparently by the Obamas and
Biden and everybody else all the way to
the dirty tricksters they were sending
to the rallies to make it look like the
r vales were dangerous and
chaotic everything you thought was
happening they were in fact doing so you
don't think they would assassinate him
they absolutely would yeah it it is well
within the realm of the actions that
we've seen
recently um how about uh this so you
want to hear some more dirty tricks so
the blaze investigation did a great job
good job The Blaze Glen Beck and and his
folks
and they found out that there was a
missing video of the
oathkeepers and their interactions with
the security on January 6 now the
oathkeepers see give me a fact check
here because I may have some facts wrong
the oathkeepers I believe were among the
people sentenced to prison for their
January 6
involvement but the oathkeeper said that
in one key point that was subject to
their trial that they were actually
protecting a member of uh Pelosi's
security detail and that they weren't
attacking him they were doing the
opposite they actually formed a line
they said between um Pelosi's security
guy and the Angry Crowd and actually
kept the crowd at
Bay now that was their claim but in
court uh there was the person they said
they were protecting and did protect who
said it didn't
happen so they protected his life and
then he lied to put them in
jail let me say it
again they protected his life he knew
it and then he lied to put him in
jail and they're in
jail now we have the video we have the
video
finally and the video shows them very
clearly protecting him they weren't even
f facing him they were facing the crowd
and they'd formed a line to protect
him now it wasn't just um you know here
say my word against yours there was
another witness the other witness was a
capitol police officer uh named Lazarus
who claimed he also saw the event he
witnessed it himself and he saw that
those oathkeepers were being
confrontational not protecting
him so he
lied he lied
so there were two
Liars that put people in jail who were
trying to protect their
lives just just keep that in your mind
now ask me if you think that uh the
Democrats would assassinate
Trump they just put in
jail the people who were protecting
their lives and they knew it there's no
confusion here they were completely
aware that these guys protected
them
and they put him in jail by
lying and now now the video and the
video shows it pretty Clearly Now
apparently there are a whole bunch of
deleted January 6 files that the
committee that was looking into it did
all the interviews Etc and about half of
them they deleted when they were and and
they were deleted right around the time
they were asked for which is not a
coincidence do you believe that those
deleted files would show more
among the Democrats of course you do and
yes of course it does it's exactly what
it looks like nobody accidentally
deleted something yes there is a huge
crime on January 6 and it was the
Democrats a huge crime in fact uh I'm
pretty sure that when Trump gets elected
he's going to free all the people
illegally jailed and probably put a lot
of the people who organized this deceit
in jail they should be I mean it looks
like there's a pretty good case for
putting Pelosi in
jail seems to me I mean her her
involvement in this is so
suspicious that I think has to be
analyzed and if she really
did um do anything to prevent any
greater security and if she was behind
getting her detail to lie do you think
that that guy who's under security
detail lied just on his own do you think
he just decided he would be a liar
or does it sound like something that
maybe somebody suggested he should
do like his
boss well he could have done it on on
his own so I don't know I wasn't there
but everything about Pelosi looks dirty
to
me and Joy Reed continues to be
entertaining in how embarrassingly
stupid she is so on MSNBC she was
interviewing uh a woman who's trying to
get some books taken out of school
because they're they're too
sexual and so she was talking the to the
moms for Liberty
co-founder and she said you know
basically she challenged her why these
books should be banned now Joy Reed
calls it Banning books everybody who's
not a idiot calls it not showing
porn to
children because that's all it was
they're not Banning like books they're
Bing porn in
school um so the
so basically uh it was such a ridiculous
um attack that Joy Reed ended up
accidentally supporting uh books about
rape and pedophilia in
schools she's so ridiculous and so
stupid that that she couldn't even find
the angle of attack here she just
basically put herself on the side of
pedophiles good work
there um
and then Megan Kelly was mocking her and
said this idiot meaning uh Joy Reed uh
this idiot actually wanted to know what
expertise Tiffany Justice that was the
mom for uh moms for Liberty has to
object to minors in school reading about
strap on dildos and incestual
pedophilia yeah you better get the
expert to tell you if that should be in
school all right meanwhile unusual Wales
says it looks like there's going to be a
bunch of rate Cuts rate cuts from the
fed and again can somebody explain to me
how they cured
inflation like none of it makes
sense am I wrong like none of it makes
sense how in the world do they cure
inflation and now that they're going to
they're going to lower their uh interest
rates because I guess they're done
battling
inflation none of it makes sense but how
many of you believe that interest rates
would be lowered in the election
year yeah if you were going to take bets
there was a 100% chance that interest
rates would be going down in the
election year 100% chance how did I know
that well prior to this happening I
explained it that it would happen to a
young person when I was talking about
investing I said oh yeah it's a it's an
election year so the stock market's
going to be up the interest rates will
be down and none of it's real and then
it happened right in front of her and
she was kind of
impressed well
um so it looks like uh the rabbit hole
is reporting on X that about 20% of
Americans between 18 and 29 think the
Holocaust is a
myth which is weird because I thought
it'd be 25 I really thought it'd be 25%
but 20
so does it look to you like Hamas is
winning in uh in
Israel because winning for them looks
different winning for them would be to
destroy the reputation of Israel so they
have less international support and
surviving you know even with massive
casualties and it started to look like
Hamas is getting what they
want uh and in order for them to not get
what they want Netanyahu would have to
look like the biggest monster in
international history by being you know
super
tough yeah I don't know well we'll keep
an eye on
that there was one
other detail I wanted to tell you there
was another uh survey this was also
rasmason um how many people think who
are pulled think that there's not a
crisis at the
border not a crisis what do you think is
the percentage of
that uh let's see so the question would
be
uh how many people agree with this or
disagree with this so this is the
question from rasmon quote since his
first day in office President Biden has
worked to systematically undermine
America's border security the result is
a humanitarian and National Security
catastrophe well there was you know the
usual bunch of people who said yes but
the people who quot strongly
disagreed oh how do you all guess
correctly before I even finish the
question yeah
25% said that that Biden is not
systematically degrading border security
even though he's obviously
systematically degrading border security
all right that ladies and gentlemen
brings me to the conclusion of the best
live stream you're going to see today I
think everything's uh going in a funny
Direction even though there's plenty bad
stuff happen it all happens in the
context of craziness and funny still
waiting for those UFOs any day now
they're going to trot out those UFOs
which are totally fake um everything in
the news is fake all the data is fake
all the news is fake all the news
presenters are fake how do I
know well here's another sign that
things are moving in the right
direction so when disantis dropped out
of the race he announced it on the
xplatform
he didn't go to the regular
news that's all you need to know the
regular news
is I I
haven't I talk about the news
continuously but I almost never leave uh
X now I used to look at the major news
sites and now they're just so ridiculous
if it's not an X I don't care about it
because because X picks up the other
stuff that's
interesting
UFOs are real they're just mushrooms
somebody says all right uh everybody on
uh these platforms YouTube and Rumble
and x uh if you have a possibility hit
the Subscribe button that'd be great and
the alerts so that we can see more of
you thanks for joining I appreciate it
and I'll see you same time
tomorrow