[Music]
hey everybody
dr. funk juice good to see you as always
well if you came here for the
simultaneous sip and you were expecting
it to be good
I Got News for you it's gonna be great
yeah and all you need is what what do
you need that's right a cover of our
glass of tanker chalices die and a
canteen juggler flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure that dopamine the
other day the thing that makes
everything including the damned pandemic
better it's called the simultaneous if
it happens now go mmm-hmm
I can feel racism declining everywhere
in the country I think it's the caffeine
I think so what well I'll tell you
there's nothing better better news than
seeing things get back to normal am i
right and by getting back to normal I
mean the news is now full of stories
about racism fake racism allegations of
racism people defending themselves
against racism and policies that are
racist once you see the headlines look
like that on CNN mostly back to normal
apparently there's nothing else
happening but there are do a few other
stories which I shall talk about so
ProPublica which is a publication
they've got a story talking about how if
the if the United States had locked down
sooner let's say if the country had
locked down two weeks earlier than it
did
it could have prevented 84 percent of
the deaths and 82 percent of the cases
said this was said by research team led
by epidemiologist Jeffrey Shaymin so -
Jeffrey Schaben and his team of
epidemiologists oh this would be a good
time to ask your children to leave the
room if we could or turn down to your
sound a little bit maybe put on some
headphones because Jeffrey Hammond is
not making me happy right now and
sometimes when I'm not happy I will use
an appropriate language I feel that
moment is approaching so you've been
warmed so according to the team led by
epidemiologist Jeffrey Hammond if we had
locked down two weeks early we could
have prevented 84 percent of our deaths
to which I say - Jeffrey Shaymin
you you you
stupid did the best we
could did the best we could
where were you where were you when it
was time to lock down bring your
stupid model thanks for coming after the
crisis to stab the wounded you
useless piece of this is the
analysis we don't need we don't need you
bayonetting the citizens while
we're still alive can you let us just
work through the crisis without
blaming people for making decisions they
could possibly have gotten right
every time 50 stays with 50
 different situations do you
think anybody knew what to do nobody
knew what to do don't give us your
 after-the-fact you
weren't there you weren't a leader you
didn't have to make any
decisions
Jeffrey Shaymin
in other news a separate separate
analysis has shown that let's say they
thought I wrote that down in a separate
analysis okay yeah there's another
analysis that you know there's another
model too that says that if if New York
had shut down sooner bla bla bla bla
I'll tell you I don't have any patience
for that for the 20/20 hindsight that
was the biggest useless
pieces of in this country and
anybody who was here just to stab the
stabbed the people who you know did the
best they could all right there wasn't
anybody on the other side right the
everybody in the United States was
trying the best they could that's it we
did the best we could anyway
so apparently Sweden has taken the
throne for the most deaths per a
thousand we don't know if that will last
and obviously that's just a recent
number if you look historically they
were not number one but now they're up
to you Sweden has a little over six
deaths per million inhabitants having
its per day on a rolling seven-day
average now who now is a you know that
keeps keeps changing I would say that
almost all of our data about coronavirus
is sort of not credible so I wouldn't
take any of it too seriously
but it does tell you that leadership
doesn't matter I keep saying that that
when this is all done the countries are
going to be sufficiently different you
know there's enough different going on
in each country that I don't know if
we'll ever know
what made a difference I really don't
because I there's there's this one fact
I just can't get out of my head that I
heard this one epidemiologist expert
talk about and he said that we don't
know why viruses ever burn out to which
I said what really we don't know the
most basic thing which is why any virus
ever burns out now I think it's probably
a combination of smaller smaller things
right you get a little bit of herd
immunity but that's not the whole answer
maybe there's something about the
temperature the weather people change
behavior something maybe the the virus
mutates maybe there's something about
some individuals who are more
susceptible and once you've gotten all
of those that's effectively heard
instinct because the other ones weren't
gonna get it anyway it's some kind of
mysterious soup but the fact that we've
gone this far into it and we don't know
even what's what stops of virus is just
mind-boggling to me let's talk about the
printing all the money so I have a
little rule sort of a rule of thumb
which is and I think you will agree with
this it's probably not a hundred percent
effective but it's pretty darn that's
pretty darn reliable and it goes like
this
if somebody can't explain something to
you simply it's because they don't
understand it
so you'll see you'll see that rule works
pretty effectively
if you cannot simplify your argument to
the point where I can understand it it's
because you don't understand it because
I could certainly I'm capable of
understanding a simplification but if
you're not capable of making one it
means probably you don't understand your
topic here's the perfect example when
everybody's talking about the money
supply and I would ask the question
you've been hearing me asking you now
for a few months what's the downside of
just printing trillions of dollars and
your brain immediately says well
obviously the downside is and then you
can't finish the sentence because you
say uh because we owe too much money and
then I say well we're not we're just
printing it
we're not borrowing it we're just
printing it digitally but we're printing
it and then you say well inflation and
then I say can't have inflation because
the demand is too low the economy got
whacked too hard
nobody's gonna raise their prices they
might lower them to get some more demand
but it's gonna be a long time before
they raises any prices and then you say
yeah yeah it's okay for now but when the
economy gets back on his feet
then there's too much money sloshing
around so it's a problem for later and
it's very quantitative I mean you can
really you could just measure it it's
like this much extra money economy gets
up to speed that that much extra money
causes all the inflation pretty pretty
objective wouldn't you say so let me see
if I can explain it as somebody did
today to be on the locals platform it
was the best explanation I've seen it
goes like this that the economy could be
thought of as the money supply literally
how many dollars there are multiplied
times something economists call velocity
now in in economic terms of velocity is
just how quickly the dollar is going
through the economy
you know I buy something then the person
I bought it from and quickly buy
something and then they buy something so
velocity is how quickly things are going
through the economy so if you've got a
high speed and you've also got a lot of
dollars
you got a baby economy because lots of
dollars times lots of speed it's a big
number so taking those two variables
simplifying it to just how much there is
and how much is moving you can change
one of them as long as the other one is
somewhat compensating so you can add
lots of dollars so long as the velocity
goes down or stays the same so would the
velocity go up and here here was an
insight that somebody made and I thought
that's pretty good because there's a big
unexplained part of this
where my brain can't quite figure out
what's gonna happen a few years down the
road and I'm not sure anybody can
actually and it goes like this that all
of that extra money if it's stayed in
circulation at the same time the extra
activity created the velocity to be
higher you would get you would get
inflation but rich people don't
necessarily circulate their money
sometimes they just sit on it so we have
enough rich people they could actually
just absorb the extra cash and just take
it out of the velocity equation because
they don't have to spend it they have
what they need so the weird thing about
this this economic hit is that it hit
half of the country I'm just you know
throwing our approximate numbers right
just making this up but half of the
country got whacked hard but generally
speaking it was the half of the country
that didn't have much money to begin
with it was the the lower income wage
earners the top half of the country
actually got richer I know it's not fair
it's not good whatever but it is true
that a whole bunch of people kept
getting them paid and didn't have any
expenses for a few months they just got
richer so we've never seen this
situation where half the country got
richer at exactly the same time half the
country lost everything I mean when have
we seen that so we at least have the
possibility that the rich half of the
country becomes like a regulator for the
economy remember there are two variables
that need to be tweaked
how much cash and then the velocity so
the government is going to determine how
much how many dollars RR and they've
done that they printed a whole bunch of
new ones so there's more of that at the
same time because inflation is slow the
half of the country with money can be
like the regulator of the country
working like a psychological engine
managed by the President of the United
States and his optimism essentially
because he's gonna say hey things are
good spend some money and then it's
gonna be good because we got a bunch of
extra money we don't have enough
velocity so the people who still have
money they spend they get the velocity
up so now we've got the velocity up
we've got all this extra cash suddenly
the GDP recovers a lot faster than you
thought
but then what then what if you keep
going you could overshoot the mark and
then you've got too much cash and too
much velocity then you've got inflation
but the rich people again the half of
the country that's got the money can
pull back know what they I don't know
but it's interesting that they could
they could literally just spend less
let's say your let's say your problem
was I don't know five or ten percent
inflation that's why you're worried
about if the rich people simply pull
back five or ten percent I don't think
that math works quite but there's some
number that they can pull back just
voluntarily just because they wanted to
and that wouldn't have any impact on
their life because a ten percent let's
say you know spending for rich people is
material and and we could sort of just
regulate this thing so that as the
economy grows progressively is it
eventually absorbs all that extra cash
boom so here's the thing is it is it
mathematically possible is it physically
possible because the laws of physics the
laws of math the laws of the land the
way capitalism works if you take into
account all of the forces can we can we
print trillions of dollars and still
come out of this fine and I think the
answer is yes I think the answer is yes
right I don't know if I'm missing
something
but it looks like the answer is yes but
only because this very specific
situation and I I gotta say I'm I'm
impressed that
minuchin and the people making the I n
decisions it could be that they just
didn't have any choice I suppose you
could say that but it looks like they
did exactly the right thing in terms of
tweaking the economy it looks like it so
that's the good news
it's the funniest story of the day so
we'll get into the races and the theme
now so I I mean this seriously when the
news when the news let's say on the left
anyway turns to non-stop stories about
alleged an actual racism you know that
things are looking better right the
things will look it up if that's what
we're talking about
and sure enough CNN's page is a bunch of
racism stories so here's the funniest
one if racism can be funny sometimes it
can come on lighten up it's not always
doubt funny in this case Volkswagen
accidentally did a racist advertisement
okay that's funny
come on you know no but no nobody's
saying anything bad it's just funny that
Volkswagen accidentally made a racist ad
now I didn't see the ad but it's
described this way let's see as you
won't even believe this like I swear
this is actually real folks where I
could have this ad I don't think it ran
in the United States it must have been
in German that it showed an outsized
white hand pushing a black man away from
a part of VW golf before flicking him
into a restaurant called petit colon
which translates from French as the
little columnist or little settler now
how many people in Germany saw the
commercial and saw that like the big
hand coming down the big white hand and
flicking a tiny character of a black
character other than commercial into a
restaurant called the little settler
nobody no no flags were raised do you
know how many people see anything and
incorporate
in a corporation there's rooms full of
people of all of those rooms full of
people there wasn't one person who said
hmm I don't know
this doesn't look quite right to me not
one person let me make a guess on what
happened this is just a guess
okay I'm guessing that a lot of people
saw it as a script so they saw it
written down and it said there's a
character here there's a character here
and it didn't specify what they look
like or that they were white or black
because why would you even specify that
I mean who would write a who would write
a script for a commercial that actually
specified the ethnicity like unless that
was the point of it which it wasn't so I
think the the commercial was written as
a just a generic commercial and didn't
matter what characters you put in there
they were probably just been and then
whoever was casting the commercial said
you know you know it would be good would
be diversity this commercial needs a
little diversity but we already filmed
the part with the giant hand now we need
to film the second part that will you
know put together with CGI so we needed
just a guy who's just walking down the
sidewalk oh I know why don't we be you
know inclusive and we'll we'll make sure
that we show some diversity here so the
other character in it since one
character is white will make the other
one black yeah I was going to say
african-american but this is Germany
we're talking about so it's a black
character and probably the person who
cast the commercial was the opposite of
racist was probably just saying all
right we got all these people let's put
some diversity in there just guessing
I'm just guessing whoever cast the
commercial was just on a whole different
wavelength and was literally trying to
do the right thing as they thought but
then there's this whole time between
when the
gunshot - when other people in
Volkswagen sought was there no time was
there no point at which you know it was
sort of previewed to the management
because that would be the typical way to
do it you know that almost always you
would preview your commercial to
management before it ever got on TV and
was there no point at which management
management sat there and watch that
commercial and said to themselves are
you sure you cast this right because
let's bite get us in a little trouble
now the funniest part of the convert the
whole story is that when it came out and
you know the folks wagon was roundly
criticized for it
Volkswagens response was we made a
racist commercial they didn't say IIIi
don't know if this is to their credit or
not you can you can decide but what they
didn't say oh my god we didn't mean it
that way
it wasn't its complete accident we we
sure hope you didn't take it that way we
were just trying to put some diversity
into it didn't occur to us but now we
see a - you know nothing like that they
just went straight at it and said we
made a racist commercial no excuse and I
thought to myself that's weirdly
refreshing isn't it
you know you almost want to hear an
excuse because you'd like to know it was
an accident right wouldn't you like to
know it's an accident but there's
something Noble there there's something
I can respect about the fact that they
left out the excuse you gotta have to
appreciate that don't you because they
easily could have put it an excuse they
could have said you know it was Bob Bob
meant well we see how it came out but
you know sorry
Bob's not a racist we just didn't see it
that way we don't see color that's why
we missed it there's so many ways
Volkswagen could have weasel down of
this and keep in mind that they're still
suffering from the fact that Volkswagen
was associated with you know the Nazi
regime
literally so they've got a little
reputational baggage there if you can
call being associated with Nazi Germany
baggage and instead of making any
excuses they just said we we made a
racist commercial we don't even know how
it happened
boom sorry about that
I like the directness in racist story
number two Kamala Harris as introduced
resolution condemning the phrase Chinese
virus as racist because you know when
you got a pandemic you got to take care
of the priorities this was a pretty big
priority wasn't it not I would suggest
that the phrase Chinese virus is indeed
a racist so I would agree with comel
Harris in that in that but I would add
this China virus is not Chinese
also to my ears says wait a minute
there are a lot of Chinese Americans
that are Americans emphasis on the
Americans part right do I want to cause
trouble with other Americans in the
middle of a pandemic when we're all just
trying to get through this together
the answer is I do not I do not want to
be accidentally insulting Chinese
Americans or Chinese citizens in China
either for something that none of them
had anything to do with so I don't like
Chinese virus as a phrase I don't think
it's racist you know in terms of the
people using it they're not using it in
a racist way certainly that's not what
they're thinking I feel confident in
saying that but sometimes words carry
their own meaning somebody says oh
please oh let me let me clarify if
you're if you're anointed by opinion
it's only because I haven't clarified I
don't personally give a
so I don't want you to confuse me late
me agreeing that these words are
suboptimal that's different from me
personally giving a like it doesn't
feel racist to me right and I don't
think the people are using it or even
slightly thinking of it that way so it's
not racist in reality it is racist in
how it's gonna feel to some people and
in my opinion we are as social species
so if something bothers you that should
matter to me right should it not matter
to me that it's something I do bothers
you of course I should I should care
about that so if there are people in the
United States who are chinese-american
or even here on green cards or whatever
status would this make them
uncomfortable hearing Chinese virus
instead of China virus which would be
the government and the place not the
people and I would say they might I can
see how somebody would feel a little
uncomfortable about that phrase so I'm
gonna agree with Kamala Harris not that
it should be you know I don't think the
government should be involved so I think
that's a dumbass thing so I think what
couple errors is a dumbass thing it's
the least priority and it's just not
something the government should be
messing with but in general I see the
point so that's all I'm saying Jake
Novak two points out that political
political humor that goes after one side
is just hate speech with a laugh track
which is a good line on a tweet so a
political humor that goes after only one
side is just hate speech with a laugh
track now of course all political speech
pretty much just goes after one side but
the difference is and I think the
context Jake was talking about is sort
of the Howard Stern situation you know
you know the Howard Stern has decided
he's going to be saying publicly and
provocatively now remember he's a shock
jock so you have to put everything in
but he's saying that he just hates Trump
supporters now here's the thing if you
say you eat the politics oh you hate the
the candidate that's that's political
but if you say you hate the voters
what's that
well I would suggest it's racist so I
would suggest that Howard Stern when he
says he doesn't like Trump voters do you
think that in his mind see we're not
mind reader's but so we don't know what
he's thinking but let's just speculate
of the possibilities is Howard Stern
when he thinks about Trump supporters is
he thinking of any of them as being
black oh but not a Betty as an image in
his head that's the stereotyped image of
some of the southern southern guys and
women you know with their baseball hats
and their Maggi hats and their maybe
their ar-15 or whatever and that's
probably his image of Trump supporters
which is sort of racist because you know
that he's thinking of them as a certain
type of white person right
I don't feels racist to me and I mean
literally I'm not joking about that
because it would be funny to call them
racist I don't know what else it would
be all right because I mean I think it
fits their definition because you
couldn't end the test of course as you
couldn't replace anybody else and get
the same result let's say he had said
that he hated everybody in black lives
matter would you say to yourself well
that's not racist because there are
white people who were in black lives
matter now you wouldn't say that if
Howard Stern had ever said it he hasn't
but if he said I hate the people who are
in black lives matter you'd say the less
racist even even though the people are
all kinds of different people because
your mind would say well mostly black
people right so I would say this is just
classic
racism to me I mean looks like it to me
let's talk about some more racism now
let's talk about Olivia Jade Gian Ulis
so you know the the rich kids who were
getting into college I'm think
scholarships and stuff I don't know why
this is funny but Olivia Jade's fake
scholarship was based on being a what do
you call it when they ro what's the name
for that what's the official name for
rowing forget what it is but a way but
specifically she was she was going to be
a champion coxswain CEO X SWA I am now I
don't exactly know what a champion
coxswain is I just know I wouldn't want
to be telling anybody that my daughter
went to college to be a champion
coxswain you can fill in your own joke
don't make me do everything for you
alright I see that oh there's another
racism story so Stacey Abrams recently
said that black women are the strongest
part of the Democratic Party
to which I say and that's not racist
what makes some of the strongest how do
you how would you measure who's the
strongest part of the Democratic Party
moreover isn't the whole point of the
Democratic Party diversity is it is it
sort of really basic to being a Democrat
that you know it's diverse that's like
the whole the whole deal but according
to stacey abrams the democrats are
diverse but there's one part that's a
little bit stronger and that just
happens to be the group she's in black
women the strongest part of the
Democratic Party now I think because
Stacey Abrams is not terribly
important you know she's not gonna be
the vice president and she's not
important to the country in other ways
except you know a little interesting
character in the news but I can't
imagine anybody else saying that there
was one ethnic group within a political
party that was the important one and get
away with that like somehow that somehow
that was okay oh thank you the the word
I was looking for was crew for the the
rowing stuff and the coxswain somebody
says is the captain but what am I am i
and by pronouncing coxswain wrong yeah
it's a funny word if you're gonna send
your daughter to college just hope she's
not called a champion coxswain when she
gets back that's all I'm saying
i crack myself up all right
so Facebook was getting in trouble for
taking down coronavirus information now
the facebook was trying to take down
information that's incorrect medically
and also information about protests to
which I said what you know what I would
had originally heard the Facebook was
taking down medical information I
thought to myself you know at least
that's well-intentioned I don't think
there's any way to do it right because
the World Health Organization had bad
information and I had good information
how would how was Facebook's supposed to
know that the cartoonist had the good
information telling people they should
wear masks when the World Health
Organization was not I would have been
banned by Facebook for my correct
medical advice and the World Health
Organization would have been included so
the whole idea that you're gonna ban the
stuff that's not correct assumes that
you know what's correct and we just
proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that
we just can't tell no matter where it
comes from so a little bit of a problem
but at least you can say to yourself all
right well maybe
least they can get the big stuff you
know if somebody had a really bad
medical advice that would just kill you
well maybe they could catch that stuff
right so but then that's impossible too
because would they take
hydroxychloroquine off the list or would
they put it on the list I don't know
would that would would Facebook say it's
not approved for this use and therefore
even though a doctor can use it
off-label that's more about you and your
doctor we're going to take the whole
idea of it and of your universe would
they do that so the point is even with
good intentions and I think Facebook has
good intentions I mean why wouldn't they
what why would they have bad intentions
right so I think Facebook has good
intentions about getting people the
right medical advice because it matters
it's just not doable
it just isn't doable so it's a it's an
impossible task and therefore you have
to ask why try because they're going to
be filtering good information with bad
and they're just there's just no way to
avoid it so that's one question but then
the second question is apparently they
were taking down notices for anti lock
down protests at which point I say wait
a minute an anti lock down protest I get
that there's a medical you know risk
that involves with that just getting
together but that's free speech it's one
thing that you're trying to be helpful
in getting us the good and useful
medical advice but you don't know how to
do it and you did it wrong that's one
thing I can sort of almost kind of
forgive you for trying hard to get the
medical part right but just not knowing
how to do it because it's hard okay but
blocking a notice of a protest a
peaceful protest in the United States
Facebook used to be destroyed
Facebook sort of cross the light here
don't you think if Facebook is
suppressing political speech that's both
legal and nonviolent and has a good
purpose I mean nobody's nobody's looking
for a bad purpose here
the protesters are looking to help the
country not hurt it you know they have a
different idea of what helps you take
that kind of speech down if you're
suppressing ordinary protest speech you
have lost your moral authority to exist
in the United States
you can't coexist in our system and also
be the primary vehicle of communication
and suppressing people's free speech now
of course you can argue blah blah blah
Scot Facebook's not the government
they're private company well public
company but they can do what they want
they're not the government the First
Amendment doesn't apply to it the
private companies I hear you
I get that you're technically correct
you are technically correct what is also
true is if you're still using Facebook
why why does anybody use Facebook so I
have a Facebook account and for you know
if I want to see if there's a picture of
my stepdaughter or something on there
like I'll go and check that one thing
but why would you ever post on on
Facebook why would you go there for
anything I actually don't know like
that's the honest question if I go to
Twitter I'm like I'm just filled with
stories and ideas I'm getting informed
and I'm debating people and I'm I'm
meeting people and it's like this whole
you know this whole energetic situation
where there's good and bad but you
certainly know why you're doing it I
don't know why anybody uses Facebook
view I can't think of a single reason
now I suppose if you have families and
you want to show pictures but is there
really no other way to show pictures
you can't show pictures on
you know Twitter shows pictures a lot of
ways to show pictures so I'm gonna make
a contrarian prediction on Facebook I
don't think it's gonna last I think
Facebook could actually be a failed
company in five years and I think it
would have to do with the fact that
there's just something about it it
doesn't work anymore and now do you get
any kind of a dopamine hit from Facebook
I'm curious about that because if I look
at let's say if I look at Instagram
which of course part of Facebook but
walled off if I look at Instagram I can
get a dopamine here from that see some
good pictures of some things I wouldn't
say it's interesting if I got a Twitter
I can get all kinds of dopamine hits I
go to locals
I get dopamine hits like crazy for the
creator that's the highest dopamine hit
his locals and but Facebook what was the
last time you went to Facebook and got a
dopamine hit like it actually felt good
I don't know if I've ever felt that so
since kids don't really use it and I
honestly don't know anybody uses it
actually I mean I know people use it but
not you usually use it I think Facebook
is destined to become an elderly
person's product that that would be my
guess so I'm going to predict that
Facebook that the the best part of their
history is behind them I think all right
those were my prepared comments how many
of you have learned a skill during the
lockdown I'll give you a little the
reason I do this is because I want to
inspire you by example I know that's a
that's sounds terrible when you say that
out loud but that's the point the point
is that humans are imitating species
if all of your friends are doing X the
odds of you ending up doing ax are
really high so I'm using pure influence
to persuade you in a positive way so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
tell you the things that I've personally
accomplished during the shutdown so that
you could say to yourself well it was
still a few weeks left of the shutdown
let's see if I get a few things done so
this is the talent stack idea that if
you have any opportunity to add a talent
to what you already have you can make
yourself far more valuable so what I've
done is I've moved a lot of content over
to the locals platform so it's basically
a whole new line of business I
effectively started a new business by
just moving my content over and that's
doing great I have to admit I'm way
surprised at the number of people who
signed up and how well that's going so
we did that I started using Cameo just
to see what that was about I'd have to
say I probably won't use that for much
longer but in in terms of a be testing I
wanted to see if it was something I
liked now the problem with Cameo if you
don't know what that is
it's for semi-famous people like me to
leave messages for people and they pay
for the message so somebody usually
somebody paying for a message happy
birthday message for example for someone
else now I tried it and here's why it
doesn't work for me what I thought was
you really I could just say a few words
and say hi and like somebody will give
me money for that I'll try that here's
the problem the people tell you what to
say and they're so confusing that you
don't get it right the first time
because it would be like say hi to my my
mother she's she's a fan she did this
she's taking a class she's good at
pottery make sure you complement her hat
and I'll be like okay that's a lot of
stuff and I'll be like good in your
pottery I like your hat you know happy
birthday and then I'll submit it and so
far so good
and then you get an email back could you
redo this because the thing you said
about the hat Wow
wasn't you left out the part about it it
should be a pink hat could you do redo
it with just say everything you said but
say pink hat this time and at that point
I leave the app because I don't want a
boss
I don't want anybody telling me what I
did wrong I didn't sign up for that like
so so I'm still having the app but the
point is try some stuff it's not all
going to work out
the Cameo thing I'm gonna say it was a
failed experiment but totally worth
trying the the local stuff I didn't know
what to expect
looks like it's gonna be hugely
successful I'm really happy about that
so far and who knows
I've brainstormed a new book I've
started doing these micro lessons I
added a periscope I worked on my fitness
got my muscles up I got a bike started
biking I got more Sun so yeah and a
personal level a dozen other things so
those things I did intentionally because
I knew I could do them during the
lockdown so as soon as the lockdown
started to emerge and I could see that
what we were looking at for the next few
weeks and I also improved my my drumming
I spent a lot of time to do that so the
point being think to yourself what you
can get done in the next few weeks you
still got a few more weeks where things
are not normal and you can pick up a few
more skills I've tried to to teach a
bunch of skills like the the user
interface for reality et cetera that
have been doing on these periscopes so
that you can at least even passively
pick up skills I'll say this again
because I think I want to just keep
saying it forever but I try to learn
things from YouTube and I'm watching
mostly drum lessons and if I watch a
drum teacher
for five minutes before telling me one
useful thing again I'm gonna just like
beat myself to death with a drum stick
please the people who are making lessons
you know put the put the whole worker
there you know the housekeeping in the
notes or something don't make it the
first five minutes of the frickin video
because people try to learn five minutes
is a long time all right with that one
with that one change of having lessons
start immediately instead of a preamble
you would change education in this
country do you know how much more I
would learn if I didn't have to wait
five minutes for the lesson to start it
doesn't matter what the topic as they
all do the same thing a lot more all
right somebody says I learned or - I'm
looking at your comments about why you
for move I've improved these skills your
multi-threading okay Oh somebody's
teaching Telma stack to a group of teen
leaders today that's great yeah drumming
oh I've tried that too much introduction
stuff get to the useful stuff you're all
say the same thing you know what I'd
like to see is YouTube videos where you
can easily go to the starting point
wouldn't you like to see a YouTube video
come up on your screen and then before
you hit play on the left there are a
bunch of start times and you pick the
start time based on the topic so
wouldn't you like that for these videos
if you watch them back so you say oh
it's minute five Boop and you just hit
it and ghost a minute five that's what
you need somebody's writing a pattern
right now while listening to me good
look at a recipe video it's horrible yes
recipes I've done that try to do a
recipe oh my god here's the app that I
would like somebody to invent can you do
this for me maybe it already exists
actually if it exists just tell me what
it is so here's the app I want an app
that does nothing but
make it easy to put together three to
five second videos really quickly to
form a lesson so let's say I want to
teach you how to start your water heater
if it went off so starting your water
heater is like several little steps it's
like look at this find this knob turn
this you know push this so with your if
you're trying to make an instructional
video you'd have your app and you hold
down the the thing for three seconds and
you point it at the button you'd say
hear it here's the knob that's a three
second video then you do the nother
three second video and you say turn it
to the right and then you'd put it on
the on the the readout you say here's
where the readout will say such-and-such
and you just put all these three second
videos together no introduction boom
it's called learning does anybody make
that app is there an app that that is
designed to make a quick tutorial on any
topic and I'm talking about something
they could be explained in a minute or
two find that app I need it I'm seeing
the words Mark Cuban in my feed I think
that's because you're asking about him
running for president is that why and I
think I saw a news bit go by that said
he was not ruling it out which if you
have any chance of running for president
as a Democrat why would you rule it out
why would you rule it out so one of the
things that makes Mark Cuban's smarter
than other people is that free money
thing if you're Mark Cuban would it make
sense to rule out running for president
if Biden is the presumptive nominee it
doesn't it does not make sense for him
to rule that out because even if he's
not really thinking about it seriously
you might as well have the country
thinking about you seriously because
that could turn into something even if
the only thing it turns into is people
listen to him more carefully because he
has lots of good ideas so if you're
listening to
Kuban more carefully during the crisis
you're probably doing okay
tick-tock why is everybody mentioning
tick-tock Oh
tick-tock as a the app that you could
make a okay I got it
so tick-tock has that quick video thing
that you can splice together
somebody said Instructables but I don't
think Instructables has quite the user
interface I just described I'd know
about his destructible china has it
so he says tick-tock let's you do it
well you know that's bad news because
did people use tick-tock for directions
though is it actually used for that I
only know it for those dumb little
dancing videos you've been debated
Hannity you know I have to watch that
I'd like to see him to Beit Hannity we
said tik-tok for fast learners
okay well all right all right that's all
I got for now I will talk to you later
today for the people on locals I've got
a little lesson for them they know what
it is and they're gonna like it a lot
could change your life I'll talk to you
later