but I'm pum pum pum pum pum pum pum pum
pum pum up ol Papa Papa Papa hay cranium
cracker come on in here I'm gonna read
some of your names why are you coming in
here we've got ray hey ray and hey Marc
hey everybody you know what time it is I
think you do or you wouldn't be here you
did not randomly show up here today will
be a very fun coffee with Scott Adams if
I do say so myself hey from upstate New
York
you happen to be in upstate New York one
of the three months of the year that
that's a nice place I can say that
because I came from upstate New York all
right everybody grab your mug your
vessel your container your cup you
should have some kind of liquid in it
your favorite liquid - coffee and it's
time for the simultaneous sip now if
you've been watching CNN lately as I
have been you'll note that there's a
mystery that they're reporting about
mostly Anderson Cooper and here's the
mystery Anderson Cooper after hearing
the month the Cohen tapes is trying to
figure out why the president might have
lied about an extramarital affair I was
specifically lying about some payments
involved but Anderson Cooper and CNN
they seemed genuinely puzzled about why
would the president lie about an
extramarital affair I don't understand
it now that's not the only mystery
they're working on there are some other
stories coming up and these are other
mysteries the CNN is trying to figure
the answer is so in addition to why
would somebody lie about an extramarital
affair there are other episodes coming
up are why do hungry people eat
we know that hungry people do eat but
what are they thinking what is their
motivation are they are they is this
some kind of Gaslight thing they're
hungry and then they just eat I know
there's a mystery here we got to figure
this out the other one of CNN's working
on is why do sleepy people take naps we
see them taking naps and we observe
their sleepy but we don't know what
they're thinking like what are you
thinking when you're taking that nap
when you're sleepy and also why our next
topic CNN's working on is why do dead
people never dance we notice that dead
people just mostly just lay there but
what are they thinking you know why
don't they just get up and dance boom
boom boom I'm dead I'm dead so these are
some of the the big mysteries the CNN's
working on why does somebody lie about
an extramarital affair I gotta admit I
can't think of a reason can you can n it
can any of you think of a reason anybody
would lie about an extramarital affair I
mean what possible motivation would you
have for such a thing all right
so in our Johnny vs Laurel the world in
our world in which there are two movies
on one screen sometimes sometimes there
are three so the two movies that
everybody's watching about the Michael
Cohen tapes or did the president say use
cash or did the president say don't use
cash
now the way it's being reported is it's
hilarious frankly the fact that that
who's the president's lawyer new york
mayor whose name i'm forgetting at the
moment ex new york mayor giuliani so
he's saying the tape very clearly says
don't use cash do any of you hear that
do any of you hear him say don't use
cash is there anybody out here actually
hears that anything like that on that
recording so what's funny about it is
this it's such a bold a ridiculous thing
to say but I've been watching this
situation and I'm trying to figure out
what really is happening here because
you can't the the snippets of the
conversation don't quite make sense do
they so no matter what your
interpretation is of what was said or
what was not said it still doesn't quite
make sense there's something that
doesn't all fit I wanted to offer you a
third interpretation so the two
interpretations we have is that Trump
said should we use cash now Lonnie
what's his name the lawyer for Cohen
says that he's talking about like in
actual physical dollar bills if you can
imagine $150,000 worth of just cash you
know big big pile of cash so Lonnie
Davis says well you know that's that's
what he means he means cash like a big
bundle of money and of course Giuliana
you say no he's saying don't use cash
which is clearly well I'll leave it to
your judgment but I don't hear that
when I listen to the tape so I'm going
to give you a third interpretation and
by the way here's my challenge to you
when I give you the third interpretation
I want you to see if you can even think
the other two are possible anymore all
right
so I'm going to erase from your mind
maybe not all of you but for many of you
when you heard that you're the third
interpretation you're just gonna say oh
why did it take so long for somebody to
explain that okay and here it is so
we're going to the whiteboard so here
are some words we heard on the tape we
heard Cohen say we need to finance this
company the company that would be used
for the payments the payments to the ex
Playboy model and you heard Trump say
finance what right so when Cohen says
finance we we all would agree that Trump
had a question about the word finance
finance what and then there was a
clarification later there was a second
word cash and you heard again that there
was some question you know Trump said
something about cash and then there was
some clarification and then there was a
point where a Cohen was saying no no no
no but there's some ambiguity about what
was he saying know about all right let
me clear this all up for you if you're
Cohen and you say we have to finance
this new entity why you mean is we have
to fund it in other words put money into
it if you were Trump and you hear the
word finance what's that mean what does
Finance mean to a developer doesn't mean
fund yeah it means loan
[Music]
all right so now this would make sense
right because Co wouldn't sudden hey we
have to fund this entity but he used it
an ambiguous word and Trump says finance
finance what because to somebody like me
I've got a background in in in finance
and economics when I hear finance I hear
it the same as if somebody is going to
buy a car
alright if you're going to buy a car
they say are you going to finance us
meaning get a loan so that was the first
point of ambiguity they use the language
differently then came the word cash if
you go in to buy a car and and they say
how do you mean to pay for it are you
going to finance it meaning get a loan
or are you going to pay cash for your
car when the car dealer says do you mean
to pay cash does he mean a big pile of
dollar bills it does not it is not cash
the way a Cohen I believe heard it this
is just my hypothesis probably meant
currency like dollar bills or at my tea
bed it might have been immediate so
there's some ambiguity about what Cohen
thought about cash but I don't think
there's any ambiguity about what Trump
thought cash is the opposite of finance
so cash is really just write a check all
right now what really happened do you
remember how it was actually funded I
believe the plant or I don't think they
did fund it but the plan was going to be
that Cohen would put the money in and
then he would be reimbursed through you
know normal lawyer payments or something
like that which would be effectively
away the finance payment over time so
when you get to the nonono I believe
what's happened is something like this
right this is just the
interpretation and by the way I wouldn't
bet my life on this
the point of it is to show you how many
interpretations you can get out of the
same set of facts
okay so Cohen says finance Trump says
what do you mean by that because he's
thinking loan but Cohen is just thinking
we need to put money into it then the
question of cash comes up Trump asks the
question because he's still trying to
determine did you mean really finance as
in pay overtime or do you just mean we
need to put money in which is cash which
is also a check it means the same thing
in this context and by the time Cohen
says no no no what is he talking about
he's probably talking about they both
got confused with their terms and he
wants to make sure that Trump doesn't
think he's talking about a big pile of
currency he might be just saying no no
no I'm not talking about like actual
cash I just mean we have to put money in
it now having heard this description
that these two people a lawyer and a
person who gets loans for a living
doesn't this seem a little more likely
what's going on is that they had some
confusion over their use of terms now
listen to it again after I've given you
this this description and you can hear
that they're grappling with what do you
mean by the terms what do you mean by
the term cash because it has different
meanings and what do you mean by finance
because these two people see them
differently and by the time you get to
no no no I think this is the point where
a Cohen is realizing or Cohen is
realizing that they might be using terms
differently and he's just trying to
clarify but it's still a little unclear
at that point all right so although
other people say they heard it that way
too right now have you seen this
explanation in on CNN or even Fox News I
haven't seen it of you at one point I
heard somebody saying the White House
was saying something about payment over
time but I think they M they abandoned
that explode
now why would it now here's here's the
other confirmation and Giuliani said
this every once while you hear something
that you say oh my god that's right
so Lonny Davis has said hey when they're
saying cash that's only something that
drug dealers or basically criminals do
only criminals and drug dealers use cash
do you know who else uses cash rich
people but they call it writing a check
right so when Lonny Davis says only drug
dealers use cash he is a huge liar all
right so let me just say it as as as
clearly as I can
so Cohen's lawyer is a gigantic liar and
he's lying to you because he's trying to
make you think that the word cash as
used in that could possibly mean as if
either Trump or Cohen were actually
talking about a big pallet of currency
of dollar bills okay so that's Lottie
Davis trying to make you believe
something that's ridiculous and he did a
pretty good job I have to say as you
know as an advocate and a lawyer he's
doing a good job but he's totally lying
to you in a way that is this is so
transparent it's kind of funny so that's
my analysis okay cash does not mean hard
currency that's what I'm saying
it means both things but in this context
obviously it meant right to check all
right so have we have we totally settled
that question and here here's my here's
my real question to you have you seen
this explanation before because I keep
expecting I'm going to see this you know
I look at the news and I think Oh
somebody's going to do this they're
going to they're going to explain what
cash means in this context they're going
to explain what financed means on this
con
then it all makes sense somebody's
saying I'm contorting myself what I
think we should agree that when people
tell me that I'm contorting myself that
that's a I tell for a cognitive
dissonance yeah no but what why did I
have to do this and somebody says you're
a businessman that is correct so my
background is Business School and
economics so that's my educational
background and then of course I worked
in business for a long time and I worked
on things like finance deals I literally
worked in a department called the
finance department so to me this is a
little more obvious that it would be if
you don't work in that world all right
let's talk about a few more things North
Korea is set to return remains of 55
fallen servicemen believe they're all
men and I have these real weird
questions about I guess they're about
5,000 unaccounted for service people
from North Korea American service people
and I think to myself where are they I'm
trying to say this in the most
respectful way but does North Korea
actually know where they are and if they
do know where they are
does it mean that they're buried does it
mean that they've already you know were
they already collected in one place and
kept in case they needed to give them
back I've got real questions about how
is it that when we ask they can produce
55 bodies like from where I don't know
how they did that anyway that's more of
a curiosity thing you saw that the the
representative from the EU did you see
the picture of him literally putting a
kiss on president Trump's neck and then
the president tweeted that out and I saw
it on Instagram as well saying how much
they loved each other
that was just great now of course the
two sides of the news the left and the
right are going to report that story
completely differently the right will
will report it you know Fox News types
or reported as great progress and that
the the bones of a deal the framework of
a deal are largely agreed to and now
they have to put some meat on it but
that's just ordinary business so that
it's a it's a big breakthrough and that
the tariffs let's say the trade war
slash negotiations were successful at
least insofar as they you well it looks
like they will be and the left will say
well they haven't agreed to anything yet
so you're gonna see two movies on one
screen one saying nothing has really
happened the same as they said about
North Korea well the right will say my
god it's a big breakthrough which it
might be but it's a little bit earlier
we'll see now here's my prediction
imagine if you will the situation we we
have been in which is the President of
the United States says we're going to
put tariffs on everybody from from
Canada to China to the EU you name it
we're going to tariff tariff tariff and
we're going to start a trade war and
everybody is on notice we're not going
to do any bad dealers anymore all right
so that's the situation we were in now
in that situation what is the likely arc
of how things are going to go from that
point so the setup is the president said
we're terrifying everybody trade war
with everybody from Canada to China all
at once
what's going to happen well it's very
likely because the United States is the
biggest buyer the biggest customer that
we have we have more leverage we have a
strong economy we can withstand some you
know some
pressure on the economy right now and we
have the biggest you know biggest bank
so to speak we have the most money so
the chances are we were going to get at
least one of those entities whether was
Canada EU China and you know some
country one of them was gonna agree to a
deal first so somebody had to go first
but nobody goes first until they have to
so here was my prediction that for the
first X weeks or months or whatever
would be nobody would want to go first
because nobody wants to be seen as
folding they don't want to be seen as
the one ah they buckled they buckled you
know the the first one already went
nobody wants to go first
but here's the part I wish I had said
earlier but I guess it's still it's
still time to say that after the first
one makes a deal the pressure on the
rest of them to make a deal goes way up
why is that because everybody in their
own country will say hey the U the EU
just made a deal well you know why is my
business suffering when the EU just
solved their problem why can't my
government solve its problem you just
did the EU just did so the psychological
pressure just went right
because the EU just agreed to something
and I don't know if anybody is saying
it's an unfair deal that they've
arranged to I don't know the deal but I
don't see anybody saying hey that deal
with the EU in the United States the
framework of a deal is going to be
unfair I don't hear that so what you're
seeing is other countries who are going
to have pressure internally to also make
a deal because the first one did it also
makes it safe because everybody can
watch the EU and they can say uh-oh
what's going to happen to the the
leaders of the EU are they going to lose
their jobs
probably not
probably not now why was it easier for
the EU to make a deal than China or
Canada anybody anybody why was it better
for the EU to make a deal than China or
Canada see if you know this one
why did in retrospect I didn't predict
this but in retrospect this was the way
it was going to go they're appointed
exactly the --use negotiator genic what
is his name is not the elected leader of
any country you get it that's why this
is that's why this worked because he's
not the elected leader so if you're the
leader of any of the countries in the EU
who were part of the deal it wasn't you
so so the individual leaders of the EU
will not have to say I folded or you
know I made a deal or nobody has to lose
face because they had this common person
who did a deal for a bunch of people but
now that the first ones done and in
retrospect that was the one that makes
the most sense to do first because of
that effect yeah that it's not the
individual leaders that makes it safe
for Canada I'm just using Canada as an
example now Canada can say okay the EU
made a deal let's make a deal too you
know probably there'll be a little give
and take on both sides nobody's ever
going to know if these deals are good or
bad by the way they're all too
complicated for we the public and even
the press to know if the deal was good
so that gives some cover for a candidate
to say look I'll make a deal but you
know you got to do this on cheese will
do this on maple syrup or whatever the
hell so it's gonna look complicated
Trump will be able to claim that it
worked
Canada will be able to say we did a good
deal for our people because it'll be K
it'll be complicated we won't know we'll
say oh I know one of them is telling the
truth they'll believe I'll believe our
leader this time and then probably China
will be last
my guess is that
China would be among the last to make a
deal there's no guarantee to any of
these things too many variables but the
normal course of things would be nobody
makes the deal for as long as possible
until the first one does and the first
one being the EU made perfect sense
because you know that's not a single
leader of a single country it's just
more comfortable politically to do that
all right so here's what I expect
I expect that the trade will go from oh
my god worst thing in the world now that
one has made a break it'll be easier for
the others to break the other dominoes
will fall
somebody said dominoes I was literally
had the word dominoes written here I was
gonna say that next damn it you beat me
to dominoes but yes it's the domino
theory I have seen this exact theory in
a court case that I don't know if I can
I can't tell you what it was about but
there's somebody I know personally who
was involved in a very large you know
billion-dollar court case and it was
against a number of entities now all of
the entities these were big corporations
so there were a number of corporations
being sued by a smaller entity and all
of them of course fought fought fought
like crazy
nobody was given give an inch until one
of them did and the moment that one of
them broke ranks all the rest of them
got in line because that made it easy
for the rest of them to say all right
that's the way it's gonna go it's gonna
look like this first one let's just get
it over with we'll just do what they did
all right so it's a domino theory you
saw Nikki Haley give a speech to some
kind of students I forget who they were
in which she said don't try to quote
Owen the libs I know that in other words
don't try to make you know just don't be
dicks basically you know don't be mean
to the opposition and it was a real good
message got a lot of play you got a lot
of attention and remember I told you
that I thought CNN has
turned some kind of a corner and that
CNN it looks like they've made some kind
of a decision it could be this is
preliminary and I could be completely
yeah I could be completely off on this
but if feels like CNN has decided to be
a kinder gentler version of CNN I don't
know that that's true yet but I'm seeing
some signs of that a little bit yeah
well and we'll see if the summer of love
is back on because if you imagine
there's a really good chance that trade
deals will start looking good the
children and the cages will be reunited
with their parents and the Russia
collusion thing will be more obviously a
big nothing and we just saw that Israel
did a major strike in Syria that
apparently was either coordinated with
or for the benefit at least partially
for Russia so we're watching the the
Russian and Israeli military
coordinating in Syria how would you like
to be Iran right now and watching is
Russia and Israel coordinate militarily
now I'm sure they've already been doing
that but the more they do it the more it
has to be worrisome for Iran so Iran is
being further isolated how do you check
your summer of wishful thinking well I'm
wishing it into existence which is
different from normal wishful thinking
when I do it it causes it alright now
let's talk about shadow bedding
yesterday a lot of you know there was an
issue on Twitter where if you put in a
search for somebody if they were
conservatives and prominent
conservatives often they would not show
up in the drop-down box that
auto-populates
that affected people like me it affected
my Serta for example you know Jim
Jordan
Matt Gaetz representative Matt gets and
President Trump
Google are not googled he tweeted this
morning about this issue now yeah now
what's interesting is when Trump gets
his his jaws on something uh he doesn't
really let go so I think this issue is
gonna have to be dealt with now of
course Twitter's response was that I
actually appreciated Twitter's response
in the sense that what Jack Dorsey
responded was that obviously they need
to do some work and I thought oh that's
very disarming it's actually exactly the
right thing to say which is you know
they're recognizing the complaint
they're not denying it they're
recognizing it and then they're saying I
guess we need to do more work to gain
the public's trust and and so so they're
working on that so we'll see if in the
next few days if anything changes in
terms of the drop down box I think it
might have already changed I'm not
entirely sure but some people were
reporting that mine started to autofill
I think the issue was if you follow
somebody at auto-filled fine but if you
were looking for something you did not
follow and they were conservative there
was a good chance they wouldn't even
show up in the in the autofill thing
how do you do some work on expressed
censorship you look at your algorithm
and make sure that it's not accidentally
discriminating it's not easy but that's
the basic idea I guess all right so I'm
looking at your comments all right I've
got another suggestion to make the world
a better place and it's called
the clarification rule you know the rule
where if you drop something on the
ground people say Oh
five-second rule they pick it up and eat
it now of course there's no science to
the five-second rule but it does make
life better right because people don't
want to think oh I dropped something on
the floor now it's ruined and I can't
eat it so a lot of people will just tell
themselves this little story a
five-second rule didn't count now
science has debunked that it's the 5
seconds has nothing to do with anything
but is it a 10-second rule if you're
really hungry it's a 10-second rule not
a five-second rule somebody says there
is science to it but I believe I have
seen stories saying there's not but in
any case that's not that's not the point
here's the rule I suggest for politics
if someone says something provocative
and maybe there's some ambiguity to it
or maybe people think there's no
ambiguity to it but it's very
provocative and it's very let's say
upsetting here's the rule that when you
ask them to clarify that you accept the
clarification that you report the first
thing as something puzzling and you need
more information and then you report the
clarification as the truth so if you're
politician says hey I'd like to kill
babies and eat them and then the news
says oh my god he says he wants to kill
babies and eat them and then you ask
did you you know in the subsequent
clarification or another interview
somebody says we thought we heard you
say you wanted to kill babies and eat
them can you clarify that and then the
politician says oh I didn't mean that I
meant I want to take care of babies and
and you know feed them the rule should
be that's the story the story is what
they said with the clarification the
story the first story should not be what
are they thinking you know let's read
their mind let's figure out you know
what their dog whistle is all about
let's just forget all of that
because that's just guessing let's just
ask for the clarification and then once
it's given that's the news good and then
you report ok this politician says this
the clarification not the original thing
the original thing is just people being
confused
somebody says has hawk accepted Papa
John's CEOs clarification I didn't know
a clarification he made I think I think
his clarification was he was talking
about the word as opposed to using it
talking about the N word that he was
talking about it and not using it now as
you know if you've been in this world
more than 10 seconds that doesn't count
yeah the the rule is that you just don't
use the word now I know what a lot of
you say damn it I live in a free country
and in my free country I will use any
words I walked and I hear you it's a
free country but people are also free to
treat you differently for the word that
you've used now my take on that
specifically the N word is that it's one
word it's just one word and you do have
a very special case going on here right
there was only one slavery situation and
there's only one word that's sort of the
banned word you know is that a big deal
are you are you giving up your freedom
because
you you know that some of you would not
ever not all of you can't use that word
I'm gonna say that that is such a small
thing to ask that I'm happy to give it
and I would think I would think that
anyone would be happy to be kind and
considerate over this one tiny tiny
issue and arguing that it's okay to use
the word because you're just talking
about it instead of using it don't go
there
j-just just do not go there there's
nothing productive there somebody says
given in to take a mile that's I'm gonna
add thank you I'm gonna add that to my
list of bad thinking a slippery slope
I'm writing I'm writing something now
and I needed examples of bad thinking
the reason the slippery slope is bad
thinking is because it literally applies
to everything there is nothing that you
could not apply this slippery slope to
hey I'm giving a periscope today it
might last 45 minutes oh that's a
slippery slope what happens if I start
giving periscopes for hours and hours
and then I starve to death
it could happen as soon as you started
giving periscopes it's like Oh first
ones 10 minutes then it's 20 minutes
what happens if I keep giving them until
I stop eating and I die all right
slippery slope is not thinking it's just
not thinking and so if you think oh I
see a slippery slope here I've made a
decision based on the slippery slope you
have not been engaged in any form of
mental cognition of any importance
if you give a mouse a cookie that Mouse
will want a full cake banning words
regardless of context isn't thinking
either share dis here's the thinking
it's a very very small request by
specifically the african-american
community who i remind you if you're
American especially are on your team
that's the important part they're your
team members of your team have asked you
for a tiny tiny little piece of good
manners is that a big deal put it in
perspective well there are lots of
racial words you shouldn't use I agree
somebody says you believe that I don't
know what you're talking about but if
you would like to ask me what it is that
I believe so I think somebody's saying
do you believe that if you let them be
in one word that they won't go and start
banning more words of course they will
of course they will will it matter
no yeah will somebody try to somebody
somebody said of watermelon you know
what if they banned watermelon well
depending on the context are you using
the word it could be offensive
that's good coffee
should your team forgive you for using
the word should is one of those words
that are never interesting when people
say somebody should do something that's
that's either you inside their lazy
language or lazy thinking maybe both but
there there are things just things that
are that if you do this you'll get a
good result if you do this you'll get a
bad result to say I should be able to do
this thing what does that mean the
reality is if you do that thing you're
gonna get a bad result and nothing will
change that your use of the word should
is is useless talk it doesn't mean
anything
I'm gonna give you a tour at the end of
the periscopes I like to get provocative
it's time to get provocative I'm gonna
give you a little psychology test and I
want you to all play along all right are
you ready it's a little test
we're gonna do this in public I don't
know how this will turn out by the way
but I want you to know I'm gonna ask you
to picture a person who is a trump
supporter and then a person who is an
anti jumper and don't pick a don't pick
a famous person so not a politician
nobody you know I want you to conjure up
in your mind your best picture of a
trump supporter you can put this person
in any kind of clothing you want but it
has to be you know in your mind somebody
who's not famous nobody you've ever seen
before but a generic Trump supporter and
just hold it in your mind for a moment
and remember what you're thinking I
think you've all got it now you're
thinking of a generic Trump supporter
give that person you know some
appearance some clothing but get a
picture now do the same picture a
anti-trump ER or it could be a Hillary
Clinton supporter but an anti Chomper
actually let's make it somebody on the
left specifically not not an anti-trump
er because that would include people on
the right so a somebody's on the left a
Democrat now picture them so picture
this person's clothing picture there
look maybe maybe add a face yeah you
might put some accouterments around
there you know some glasses or whatever
if necessary now picture that person
okay does everybody have their two
pictures here's my question
what was the gender that you imagined
for the Trump supporter so that's my
first question everybody what gender did
you imagine for your Trump supporter
give me your gender Trump supporter I'm
seeing male male female male male male
male female female male male male male
male female male male male for both male
male male male for both male male male
male both female male male male so
obviously this is not the kind of test
that you would get all the same answer
but I think is skewed male now if you're
when you imagine the female or I'm sorry
leading the witness
now did you imagine a female for the
Democrat how many of you imagined a
female for the Democrat there's a little
delay in the comments so it's hard to
tell it's hard to tell
male for both so a lot of you it's okay
so the new answers are coming in so
female for both female for both all
right so it's a little hard to tell it
could be that the Democrat was either
way
all right so here's the basic test
obviously they're all individuals and
you were all over the place some had
mail for both some and female for both
some some had all kinds of combinations
do you think it's true that there's sort
of a male bias for the Trump side which
doesn't mean that only men like it at
cetera nothing like that versus a female
bias for the the Democrats now part of
is the the leadership choices right so
the Democrats are very female centric in
terms of actual and potential leaders
somebody said they anticipated the
question so you're ahead of me it was a
very non scientific question yeah it
feels like it's starting to feel like if
you could project into the future it
makes you wonder if the and I think
there is a male-female difference
already right in terms of voting don't
most didn't most women vote Democrat and
most the majority of men voted
Republican not by a gigantic majority
that's true right but I'm wondering if
that trend will continue and accelerate
until you have two parties the male
party in the the female party I wonder I
wonder if that could be a thing in the
future 10 years from now all right
that's just speculative yeah there is a
male bias in my audience probably I
think that's true so we did not learn
anything today scientifically I just
wanted to try that test and to see how
stark the differences were they were not
nearly as stark as the hypothesis would
have suggested so maybe that's good so
maybe that's good no controls in my
experiment you're right it is very
non-scientific and you should not make
any judgments based on it
yes and obviously there are tens of
millions of female Trump supporters and
tens of millions of males supporting the
Democrats that is without saying goes
without saying all right that's enough
for now
I think I will talk to you later