hey everybody come on in it's time for a
bonus unexpected coffee with Scott Adams
you don't need coffee for this one but
it would help I've got my special
prescription strength coffee you might
have just the regular stuff but it's
time for the simultaneous sip of
whatever you've got handy
so I couldn't wait until tomorrow to
talk about the president's statement
about Saudi
Arabia and I wanted to point out how
amazingly well done it is now when I
talk about the
technique um people sometimes say hey
what about the ethics what about
morality I want to assure you from the
start that my ethics and morality are
probably almost exactly the same as
everybody else's in other words nobody
likes
murder nobody likes uh critics being
chopped up with bone saws nobody
condones it so we're all on the same
page about the morality of it
okay but I want to uh and I'll get to
the strategy uh of it but I wanted to
start with how
really well done the president's
statement is from a persuasion
communication um p u perspective and if
you haven't seen it I'll just I'll just
give you the first few sentences here so
it's from the office of the press
secretary for a media release today and
it said state from statement from Donald
J Trump on standing with Saudi Arabia so
the first thing is the title says you
know it gives gives away the uh the
content we're going to stand with Saudi
Arabia but then the very next sentence
all by itself is America First with
exclamation
mark and and then he goes the world is a
very dangerous place exclamation
mark what he did here is a variant of
the Steve Jobs technique of making sure
that we stopped thinking in the small
and started thinking in the big Remember
When Steve Jobs had the problem with
antenna gate the phones would fail if
you held them a certain way it was
terrible for Apple phones but when Steve
Jobs finally talked about it he did not
say Apple phones have problems he said
all smartphones have problems we want to
make our customers happy here's what
we're going to do it's the perfect way
to approach it the president used a
variant on that by making sure that he
said America first um right up at the
the top so before you read a single word
of the statement you know where it's
going right he's going to give you a
statement of what's good for America
that may not be as good for other people
you know optionally it might not be bad
for anybody else but we'll
see and then he says the world is a very
dangerous place that's where he's
changed the frame so the question is not
this incident it's the bigger picture
and then he goes on to say very clear
cly that we have economic interests and
we have strategic interests um and
working with them is more in the benefit
of the United States than getting on
their case too hard we're we're on their
case a bit and individuals are being uh
punished but in terms of the leadership
in terms of the Crown Prince um it's
sort of a sort of a
standoffish you know we can't know
exactly what happened but wink wink
everybody knows what happened so the
first thing that's funny about the news
coverage is that they're acting as
though the president is the only person
in the world who doesn't know that Saudi
Arabia planned this
operation of course he knows he knows he
knows everything that everybody else
knows some people are saying hey he's
doubting the cia's assessment no he
isn't no he isn't he's not doubting
their assessment
we um we don't
know exactly what the president is
thinking I'm going to I'm going to give
you my best uh my best description of
what the smartest strategy would be but
we don't know what people are
thinking so it seems very unlikely that
the only person in the world who doesn't
think that the Crown Prince was behind
it was the president of the United
States Maybe
but it seems very
unlikely far more likely is that he's
looking at it
strategically instead of through what I
would call a child's frame let's see if
I can get
the Shine off of
that so here's a little diagram of the
the two strategies so the Saudi incident
of course is koki being murdered in the
uh the embassy in Turkey there are two
ways to go you can immediately go um we
know you're behind this and we're going
to go hard at you and we're going to
punish you and we can never work with
you that's sort of the end of the path
right you're you're you're kind of done
is in terms of progress or you could
take this path you could pretend as
though you can never be sure who ordered
it even if you are sure you could
certainly from a political and
diplomatic perspective say you know
we've got bigger issues we'll never know
that's all we that's all we can say for
sure is that we'll never know the
details if you do that you have an
option to leverage the Saudi interests
and our interest to get something maybe
that looks like progress in the Middle
East there are a number of ways that
that might Express itself I'm not going
to say Middle East peace cuz that seems
like too big reach but there could be
substantial progress on Yemen things
with Iran maybe something with h hamash
something with
Israel now there are two things that
could happen if we try to leverage Saudi
Arabia one is that we have a big
success it's not terribly likely because
it's the Middle East right there it's
hard to get a big success in the Middle
East but if we don't get a big success
or at least if we don't get the Saudi to
get on board with whatever our plan is
and we get no
help then you just go back to phase one
it might be 30 days later it might be 90
days later but you just say well we
finally got all the information we need
it really was the Saudis and now we have
now we've got to punish
them so the smart play here is to keep
as many options on the table as possible
so you're he somebody saying Scott looks
foolish defending
Trump who whoever said that this looks
foolish can can you tell me that you
prefer the other path do you prefer the
path where we don't have a chance of
leveraging Saudi help if you do just say
that because I think that whoever said
that has taken what I call the the
children's
frame the children's frame is where
first of all you're not seeing the big
picture you just want candy before
dinner so a child says I want candy and
then the adult says hey um you have to
look at the big picture candy might be
bad for your teeth it's bad for your
diet uh it's too soon before dinner you
won't e enough good food there are lots
of good reasons not to eat candy what
does the child say I want
candy all
right so the children's
frame is anybody who doesn't understand
this basically
so what the president did and I've been
saying this from the beginning that if
you understand persuasion and
negotiating is a a subset of persuasion
if you understand negotiating and
persuasion you're in in better position
to predict coming
events what did I tell you was the
smartest way to play this so I've been
telling you this for a few weeks right
that the smartest way to play it is to
react with a little bit of uncertainty
and to keep our options open because
that gives you know the Crown Prince is
going to kind of owe the president one
and it's a big one wouldn't you rather
have somebody owe you if they're the
most important you know player to get
all the dominoes and row I mean they're
not the most important in the world
they're but they're important in that
area so the president has found a way to
keep all of his options open now when
you say but is the is the president
ignoring his
CIA no CU this is just theater this is
just pretend the cia's assessment of who
did it is either right or
wrong but it doesn't matter it just
doesn't matter it wouldn't matter what
the CIA thought this is still the way to
go the other way is stupid or you know
if you take the uh you you take the
insults out of it you you could say that
it's it's sort of a childlike frame
where you're not looking at the big
picture and all you're saying is I want
candy in this case candy is hey we have
to be on the side of ethics and morality
we can't be on the other side of
morality the trouble is there's no way
to be consistent with this
view the president's position can be
completely consistent through as many
presidencies as you want and on every
topic when he says America First that is
a crystal clear message that you know
maybe there's some difference in the
details of how you get there but it's a
it's a crystal clear
standard which includes the fact that
being a good moral player sometimes is
the best thing way to go so I'm not
saying that you always and my critics
will look at this and
say Let me let me give you an impression
of my critics this will be my critics
responding to this video oh Scott so
you're saying that morality doesn't
matter anymore doesn't matter so you're
just saying anybody can kill
anybody morality doesn't count there's
you know a reputation in the world
doesn't matter is that what you're
saying Scott is that what you're saying
scene no Dale that's exactly what I'm
not saying what I'm saying is that
adults look at all the costs of an
option and they look at all of the
benefits the the the morality Dimension
is a big part of the costs and the
benefits it's a big part it's just not
the only
part all right so Dale don't tell me
that I forgot about the morality or that
I don't care it's it's all in
here so here's the thing that I keep
saying that if if you have certain types
of background you have a business
background you've negotiated you know
persuasion um if you've been a lawyer
for example you know there there are
certain types of professions and maybe
even engineering I I would say that even
an engineer would have seen this fairly
quickly and I don't know what kind of
education you have where looking at just
one variable in a big complicated
decision gets you to your answer
who you know what kind of education
tells you that you can look at one
variable and ignore all the other things
such as nuclear
war all right if you go this way you
might say we have preserved our moral
standing if you go this way you have a
nonzero chance of eliminating the risk
of nuclear
war those are not those are not similar
one of those things is way better than
the other
all
right
um so I thought I would just uh oh
that's Christina's just got her piano
tuned so she's uh she's testing it out
um is it good that Trump can't listen to
the tape but Trump is absolutely right
he should not listen to the tape there's
no chance that listening to the tape for
just the president should change any
decisions the worst case scenario is
that the president listens to the tape
and that causes him to change his
decision you definitely don't want
that
um so I think he's playing it right
there's just no there's no upside
there's only a downside to listening to
that
tape um am I high I am
not uh what do you think of trump
calling Parise pleasure
meaningless slip of the
tongue uh what about the Yemen Factor
well apparently Saudi Arabia would like
to solve Yemen too and uh Iran's um
situation is getting more dire
apparently we're putting ever more
pressure on Iran's economy so Iran might
be kind of close to wanting a deal of
some kind we'll
see all right that's all I had for this
afternoon I will talk to you later