I know what you want to talk about
yesterday at the end of my periscope I
ran those of you who are here I ran you
through an exercise to reduce your
anxiety in life whatever the source of
your anxiety is whether it's an actual
mental problem something temporary is
something you're worrying about and I
wanted to reinforce that so I'm going to
give you a little bit of reinforcement
on top of that this is a cumulative
process the first time you're exposed to
it you might not have a deep you know a
deep feeling of change some of you
actually did I heard from a lot of
people yesterday who told me that the
exercise immediately released their
anxiety now I assume that's temporary
but if you can find a way to temporarily
release your anxiety and do it as often
as you can
because that's how you get to eventually
you know a place where you have a stable
lack of anxiety you give you some more
tricks and tips on this in a moment but
I didn't want to tell you that based on
the feedback it was completely
successful now completely successful
doesn't mean it worked with every person
because I told you it wouldn't you're
all different but completely successful
and that a lot of people said it changed
something it changed something deeply
meaningful to them so I'm gonna do it
again
and the the big thing I introduced and
by the way I I cut out just the the part
of my periscope from yesterday and made
a separate clip that's just the last
part of the periscope so you can just
see the the anxiety solution technique
so that's on youtube right now just
search real coffee with scott adams on
youtube it'll pop right up so just look
at the the quick one if that's all you
want what I talked about on that and it
won't make as much sense unless you saw
the other video so I save this for the
end
if you need to see it in in order see
that first come back to this I talked
about see the world through different
filters and I'm going to give you some
more filters so you get a let's say a
deeper understanding of how how this
concept works one of the things that
people ask me about is how do you deal
with the fact that you know you're gonna
have some bad news in the future you
don't know the details but you know for
example that somebody's gonna die before
you do do you know that there will be
you know various problems in life and
I'll give you a technique that I use
I've had a lot of pets and I've had a
lot of pets who passed and I give very
attached to my pets and so when a cat
dies for example it's it's a big deal I
the cat for 19 years
there was my constant you know workplace
companion and when she passed it was a
big deal
I have now a dog most of you know
Snickers who's at that age where if
she's if she's got another two years in
her I hope she has more but you know the
average for that breed would be a couple
more years she seems to be perfectly
healthy now but here's how I deal with
the fact that when she passes it will be
like losing a limb yeah I've heard that
I've heard that analogy before I've
heard people who won't get a second dog
after the first one because the trauma
of losing it is so extreme that they
can't go through it again I see a lot of
you talking about the pain and you see
on social media people posting their
painful situation if they have an animal
that's that's about ready to pass so let
me tell you the filter I put on this if
you focus on the loss and the badness of
it you will feel anxiety and you will
feel bad but you do have the risk you
have you have the option of reframing
this and let me tell you how I reframe
it for my
pets and how I reframe it for Snickers
so that I don't spend the next two years
worrying about how I'm gonna feel when
when her natural life comes to an end
and here's how I reframe it i reframe it
as a privilege and an honor for me the
ability to be there at the end of her
life my dog Snickers is going to be an
honor it's going to be a privilege and I
wouldn't have it any other way and when
I think of it that way it changes how I
process it now I know I'm going to feel
terrible when the day comes but until
then I'm just honored I actually feel a
sense of duty at a very deep level and
commitment and I felt the same way with
my cats and they're in their final
moments of life I felt honored that I
could be part of it so I give you that
let me give you a couple of their
filters have you ever worried that
there's something you know big that you
need to do that there's really giving
you anxiety let's say you're trying to
buy a house but you've never done that
you're like how do people buy a house
how do they afford it have it how do
they work out all the details and the
repairs and the contracts and all this
or are you thinking about moving and you
think how do people do this like moving
is let's say to another state it's a big
deal you think about getting married you
think about having a family as you think
about and any one of these things you
think about they seem like really hard
if you've never done those things they
seem really hard here's the filter I put
on that there are a lot of idiots in the
world and they can do all of those
things the world is built for people of
average capabilities so if your average
or above-average and most of you are
probably above average if you're
listening to this periscope especially
and just tell yourself
there are millions and millions of
idiots who figured out how to buy a
house
millions of idiots who learned how to
move to another state millions and
millions of any 'its had kids got
married you know changed jobs millions
of idiots learned to do a job that you
wish you were smart enough to do guess
why you are you are smart enough to do
it because millions of idiots did it the
million idiot filter on life immediately
removes your anxiety about things you
haven't done before
now if the only people who had done the
thing you want to do were geniuses
well I guess you should worry about that
you know unless you're a genius like
well the only people who can pull this
off our geniuses do you know how many
people pulled off buying a house not
just the smart ones alright so that's a
filter I like to use it immediately
makes me feel comfortable because almost
anybody can do these things that look
scary here's another one you've heard
this one before the Adams law of slow
moving disasters throughout history when
humans can see a problem coming from far
away we have a hundred percent track
record of solving it for example we're
all going to run out of food because our
population is growing well we figured
out birth control we figured out
fertilizer we figured out better farming
methods we got food we're gonna run out
of water because well turns out we
drilled for more water we built more
canals we figured out how to get one or
two everybody we're certainly going to
run out of oil and no we figured out how
to frack we figured out how to make
windmills and and stuff so if you're
looking at something such as the threat
of climate science I think a lot of you
on this periscope are not worried about
it
but let's say you were remind yourself
the society is genius
as solving problems as sees coming from
far distance this will be no exception
whatever problems come from climate
change could be little could be locked
I've no I'm no scientist and I don't
believe anybody can really predict that
stuff but no matter what you think about
it the worst case scenario is that it is
a problem but we're really really good
at solving this stuff we have companies
coming online that can scrub the co2 out
of the air if it ever becomes necessary
and then others if you say wait we can't
be scrubbing the co2 out of the air
because it's plant food
it's plant food you'll destroy the earth
by scrubbing all the co2 out of the air
now you won't you'll just unplug them if
you get too much co2 just unplug it so
don't worry about these big problems
that we can see coming from miles away
those are the ones we solve every time
the ones you need to worry about are the
ones that came out of nowhere you know
you didn't see it coming so we're very
consistent about that all right here's
another one sometimes when I feel really
down and it happens I have to admit it
hasn't happened in a long time but in my
past there have been times when I just
felt beaten down by life and you know I
sometimes you just don't want to wake up
the next day here's a filter that I put
on my life that I find really useful
curiosity it turns out that we humans
are really motivated by curiosity some
more than others it's the reason that a
good author will will put at the end of
a chapter and a little mystery it's like
and then someone knocked at the door and
it's the next chapter you look ha I can
read a whole other chapter about another
character before I find out who was
knocking at that door so it turns out
that curiosity is a tremendous motivator
for people and here's the filter I put
on things when I'm feeling depressed and
down and I just you know my purpose for
life seems to be extinguished
temporarily I say this I wonder how this
is going to turn out
and I and I just read it as a curiosity
what if I'm just watching this life like
a spectator I also use the combine this
with the no free will filter now I
believe that we don't have free will
because I think physics the laws of
physics don't stop when you get to your
skull whatever is happening inside your
skull is also subject to the laws of
physics
so whatever causes and effects are
coming into your head you know there's
only one thing that's going to come out
of that because of the structure and the
exactness of your of your brain and its
architecture so sometimes when things
are going not going my way I just sit
back and say what if I just watch now I
still do all the things that I would do
I still brush my teeth go to work get my
car I still do everything but instead of
saying I'm deciding to do this I say I'm
not deciding to do this I don't have
free will I'm I'm actually a spectator
in my own life I'm just watching I'm
watching myself brush my teeth I'm
watching myself go to work I'm just
watching and I wonder how does this game
end what happens tomorrow given this
current situation where am I going to be
next week and what you'll find is that
can immediately take you out of your
depression and into a mode of curiosity
and a mode of just feeling like you're a
spectator and you don't have to have
great and stress because things are
going the way you wanted them to go
instead you can say well they were gonna
go that way there's no free will
I'm just along for the ride I wonder how
it turns out now until you try it you
might not believe that that will take
you into a different mindset but my
experiences that it does
here's another filter on life god I told
you that one of the reasons that
hallucinogens might be so effective for
curing the whole range of mental
problems most of them anxiety related I
think is that it takes you
ego that the the hallucinogens take your
ego and of your worldview and once you
feel that you that you personally are
not that important or that you're just
part of the whole then you start with
you stop worrying so much about what you
and your ego are going to experience
tomorrow because you're just not that
important you're you're not the main
reason of the universe it's just little
you and you'll be fine
and another way to get there is by
belief in a higher power belief in that
God if one type or another because the
the God model the way most people
practice it is that God is great and
you're not it kind of puts you in your
place
believing in religion put you in your
place it takes your big ol ego well I'm
pretty special and it just says no
you're not
God is special you're you're you're just
a follower yes it teaches you humility
by giving you a contrast to something
that needs no humility right a an
omnipotent power humility would make no
sense at all because it would just be a
lie so when you compare yourself and
contrast is one of the great principles
of of managing your psychological state
and persuasion and everything else and
anytime there's a contrast it helps
focus you and understand things in their
place so I'm believing there's a God who
is great puts you know put you in your
place so I think that could be a good
filter and here somebody just said
exactly what I was going to say next
Alcoholics Anonymous uses this technique
so if you go into an a a meeting to try
to quit alcohol or drugs there's a drug
version of it they recommend that you
sort of put yourselves in the hand in
this in the hands of a higher power now
they're not too specific about you know
I have to be a Christian you don't have
to be a specific kind of belief but
whatever you believe is the higher power
if you're not a believer you could say
well the higher power is physics I don't
have free will I just release myself to
to free will or if you believe in God
you say I just released myself and less
sort of God work through me now that's a
filter we don't need to decide whose
religion is right or if God even exists
you don't need to it's a filter that
works because the alcoholic anonymous
process apparently from everything I've
learned is one of the few things that
does work and I think that the active
part of the process is removing your ego
by putting yourselves in the hand of a
higher power the other thing that that
does to remove your ego is a part of the
process part of the steps yeah and again
somebody knows more about this than I do
just chime in but part of it is
essentially apologizing to all the
people you hurt which again is ego it's
all ego if you go into a any kind of a
rehab situation you you give up you know
sort of all the other parts of your life
you're stripped down to just your
biological entity you're put into your
place your ego is removed or at least
reduced so that's one filter belief in
the higher power
here's another filter optimism the way
the way you should see optimism in other
words simply just telling yourself that
there are some good things ahead because
you can dwell on the bad stuff and it
can change your whole mental state or
you can do what Tony Robbins suggests in
his own way and I'm going to suggest in
my own way
same-same idea that your brain is only
capable of thinking about so much in any
in any single time we're not real good
in multi Pro multitaskers if your brain
is focused on one thing it doesn't have
much left for other things you know you
can find out if there's a train coming
at you while you're doing your taxes but
mostly you have a certain amount of
shelf space I call it in your brain you
have some control actually a lot of
control over what's on the shelf if you
don't take control of it and you just
say well I'm just going to wake up today
and go on with my life
all I'm gonna do today is whatever comes
up I'll do my tasks I'll do my job you
know I know what I'm supposed to do your
shelf space will fill up without your
control it will just fill up with
whatever thoughts we're gonna bubble up
what kind of thoughts tend to bubble up
if you don't manage your shelf space the
good ones now you could probably confirm
this from your own experience if you are
idle and you don't have much to think
about do you automatically drift into
happy thoughts sometimes but far more
often
the negative is what you what bubbles up
because we're designed that way humans
are designed to find problems and then
fix them we're not designed to dwell on
things that are going well look around
your atmosphere or your environment how
much your your environment are you
actively processing very little of it
because it's going well I've got a table
over there this is not bothering me at
all it requires no attention at all it's
not my consciousness so actively learn
to fantasize and imagine positive
outcomes in a variety of ways so that
whenever you feel your shelf space is
starting to get a little room in it fill
it fill it consciously directly
intentionally fill it
never let your shelf space fill itself
you control that you get to think about
what you want to think I mean if you
have some terrible tragedy it's gonna be
hard to keep it down in your head but
for most of us our just daily life you
can fill that thing with anything you
want in my twenties trying to crowd out
bad memories of my childhood which was
pretty horrific I would fill it with
work so I would just work myself to
exhaustion fall asleep and then get up
early
the morning and work myself to
exhaustion again and it really worked
now not everybody can work themselves to
exhaustion for a year after year but I
filled by by a shelf space and whenever
I felt it
starting to fill on its own I would very
actively crowd it out with optimism
you see president Trump operating on
this principle and he got it he came to
it honestly and really exactly the same
way I did through the impact of Norman
Vincent Peale who wrote the book the
power of positive thinking
coincidentally or not was the Trump
family pastor or minister I forget which
is the right word at their family church
where they went to church they saw the
king of positive thinking the most
famous positive thinking promoter in the
United States ever and you see Trump do
it all the time you use very much
filling his shelf space with optimism
and ours too
here's another technique if you want to
work on your ego put yourself in
situations in which you embarrass
yourself often and survive how many
times have you seen me embarrass myself
right here on periscope and then the
next day well I'm back again here's my
coffee tastes good have you ever seen
embarrassment changed my behavior or
even my attitude probably not and I
wasn't always that way I used to be you
know easily embarrassed and it would
ruin my whole day ruined my week ruined
my month the feeling of embarrassments
like aha I'm reliving it in my mind and
that time I did that but how many times
have you seen me have to like blow my
nose on camera because you know I just
had to how many times I was rewatching
one of my periscopes I watched some of
them just to see if what I'm doing to
make sure I'm doing what I want to be
doing and I'm replaying it I realized
that I went in this
extended discussion of Iraq but I kept
referring you to it as Iran and when I
watched it I was like oh I can't believe
I had this extended discussion of the
wrong country just because my mind mixed
up the words my first thought was just
sort of a flash of anger I was just mad
that it happened so sort of mad at
myself but I never once felt embarrassed
not even a little and it takes a lot of
practice to get there so I recommend
putting yourself in situations maybe
join Toastmasters where you have to talk
in front of people do something that's
outside of your comfort zone just
embarrass yourself and then find out
just track it wake up the next day hey
food tastes the same same to have the
same friends nothing really changed so
the embarrassment filter is a good one
just practice embarrassing yourself
until it just doesn't feel like painful
anymore
it's very doable here's another filter
that's more similar to the one that I
talked about in my prior periscope every
now and then I like to imagine that I'm
in a video game
now that's very much what I was telling
you to visualize visualize that you were
sort of in a you know
virtual reality rendered environment
what that does is it puts you in the
moment because you're you're forced to
think about your immediate situation
because you're imagining it rendered and
that takes your ego and things because
you're you're not focusing on yourself
and your needs for a while so I helped a
lot of people relax but here's another
here's another way I think of it there
are days when I say to myself today was
just like a video game and I feel like I
I captured a resource or I learned
something that allowed me to go up to
the next level of the game and here are
a few levels which I would like to
suggest that some of you have already
passed through one of those levels
toward the bottom is understanding that
people are fundamentally irrational
now I wrote my book when Bigley to
reinforce that idea if you are going
through life thinking that other people
are rational you will be frustrated and
unhappy every day because people are not
rational and if you try to imagine that
they are your understanding of what
should happen next
won't match what happens next because
you'll say well here are my 10 good
reasons why you should agree with me and
then you think well now you'll agree
with me
but then you don't because we're
irrational so expecting people to act
rationally is a formula for stress and
anxiety so the first time that you move
up a level in this let's let's call it
the video game of life you can't move up
a level until you get that and you
really have to get it and I don't mean
saying that sometimes other people are
irrational I mean that it's the base
code of our existence
it's our operating system we operate on
confirmation bias and the subjective
kind of reality which leads me to the
next level is one thing to say that
people are irrational but it's next
level in terms of a video game it's next
level thinking to say that maybe our
entire reality is subjective which
doesn't mean there isn't something real
but understanding that our human
evolution was never directed at giving
us understanding of reality we did not
evolve or at least there's no reason to
believe we evolved to understand the
nature of reality wasn't important a
clam can reproduce without understanding
reality a cat can reproduce without
understanding nearly as much as we
understand understanding reality and
like really understanding it completely
optional and maybe even unproductive for
evolution so we did not evolve with that
capability and indeed you can see that
we don't have it just observe how people
act so once you really realize that
we're all in a different movie that
we're looking at the same document and
seeing a different reality you've got a
different religion
and somebody else once you understand
how a subjective our our experience is
you move up to the next level right so
the first level is understanding that
people are fundamentally irrational and
the level after that is that that
irrationality is related to the fact
we're not even seeing the same world we
exist in it and we interact but we keep
getting confused and tense in our
interactions because we don't understand
why you're not seeing what I'm seeing
and the reason is different realities
and then here's here's the next level
above that because I believe a lot of
you have already passed through those
two levels the level above that used to
understand that your brain is
programmable and not just a little bit
you all know that you can learn
something and that's in a sense that's
programming your brain but it's much
deeper than that
you can fundamentally change your
preferences yes you can change your
preferences I have experimented with
this over the years I'm not going to
give you examples because I don't want
to get into the details but I have
actually experimented trying to like
something I didn't like and to see if I
could do it until I loved it and I've
also experimented taking something I
loved let's say eating Snickers candy
bars and turning it into something I
didn't like and I can succeed it's
completely doable
you can rewire your preferences now you
have to understand that if you think the
only thing you can do is add memories or
maybe you can add a little skill you
don't get to go to the next level you
have to understand that you can change
your basic personality if you know how
to do it that's the highest level I've
done it a whole number of times I've
watched other people do it so and it
takes a little trial and error to do it
but what we're talking about today is
exactly that it's reprogramming your
let me give you my favorite example of
programming a brain I've been watching
Cristina my fiance learn wealth not
learning but recovering her piano skills
from when she was younger she took piano
lessons when she was younger and I've
watched her recently go from somebody
who who had some basic piano skills and
knew how to play the piano better than
most people but you know just sort of a
you know a good piano player to the last
two weeks
she learned one of the most complicated
Chopin
what would you call it I know pieces
that you've ever heard in your life and
if you don't play the piano Chopin
apparently is extra hard extra hard in
terms of where your fingers go at what
time is just really hard if you hear
somebody playing the piano on say a rock
song they're doing something called an
accompaniment by the way I just learned
this so if you if somebody is playing an
accompaniment with other instruments of
the singer in a band that's relatively
easy piano playing because that sort of
Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing
you know somewhat simple patterns that's
all you need to accompany a band if
you're a solo artist and you're playing
Chopin both of your hands are operating
completely independently each of your
fingers is operating independently and
you're putting together hundreds
thousands I don't know how many notes
are are in in a Chopin piece thousands
but at least as many hundreds right and
I'm walking by you know and I'm hearing
her practice and in just in the last few
weeks she got to the point where she's
memorized the entire piece and now she's
just you know honing it and I think to
myself what the heck happened inside her
actual physical brain she rewired her
brain in two weeks I mean a pretty
substantial rewiring because none of the
skills that she is she is demonstrating
at a near virtuoso level didn't exist
two weeks ago yeah it's all we call a
muscle memory but of course it's it's in
the brain it's not in your muscles and
so when you see people fundamentally
rewiring I mean something insanely
impressive in two weeks you know she
practiced a lot but it's just two weeks
you start to realize how programmable
your brain is so everybody who's got a a
loop in their brain that's not working
you might be able to reprogram that and
I have lots of experience of doing it
myself now let me give you a fun analogy
if you are a computer programmer do you
ever write programming code for a
computer in zeros and ones do you sit
down and say all right I'm gonna write
the program zero zero zero zero 1 1 1 1
0 0 and then 1 1 1 0 0 well no you don't
now there may be special cases where
some somebody's doing some deep
engineering and they are actually
looking at the zeros and ones but that's
not typically the way you write a
program the rotor the way you write a
program is with something that's
analogous to but different from a
language like an English language or a
French or Spanish or whatever you have
words with letters and you use some
numbers too but you know brackets and
words and they stand for something that
the computer translates into zeros and
ones here's my analogy when you hear
language or you have experiences the the
language and the experiences of just
hearing things in the spoken word is
being translated into your brain into
the equivalent of zeros and ones now
your brain doesn't work on zeros and
ones it works on you know connections
that get strengthened and built and some
are emphasized and de-emphasize and
stuff but the point is that when the
programmer is writing the program they
don't see
zeroes and ones that I don't know
exactly what the zeros and ones are
doing they just know what the outcome
will be when a hypnotist or or somebody
doing what I'm doing taking you through
a guided visualization I'm having you
imagine something that you're imagining
in pictures and you're hearing and words
but these are symbolic tools that are
actually rewiring your brain so when you
hear me just talking and you say how can
you rewire my brain just by talking well
the answer is it's the same way a
programmer can program a computer
without knowing what zeros and ones are
happening I don't know which neurons are
firing I don't know which connections
are being made but through trial and
error and experience I can make general
assumptions that effectively become the
user interface for your brain so find
the user interface for your brain you're
getting close you've gone up two levels
you're you are on the cusp maybe some of
you there of reaching the next level in
the game where you can intentionally
reprogram your own brain and then love
left of that is you can reprogram other
people's brains so check out the anxiety
let me ask you here how many people on
here experienced the anxiety exercise
the anti-anxiety exercise I did and tell
me what experience you had how many of
you had experienced something like a
reduction of anxiety it's going to take
a while for the comments to catch up so
uh I'll stall until all right so I'll
read you the comments as they come in it
helped me nothing but I tried made me
feel sad remember I said everybody will
have a different experience there's a
yes yes I did
I tried it nothing happened and a body
experience some people have that no
change no change
somebody said freed my brain thumbs up
yep I did me totally relaxed no yes yes
it helped somebody said it didn't help
yes
no yeah on YouTube is where you'll find
the the stored thing a calming I
definitely did I felt like it I felt
like it was being in denial it was very
unusual it reframed things definite
reduction good good reminder no change
definitely relief me no husband yes felt
like floating etc alright here's
remember what I told you actually this
is actually more of a response than I
was actually expecting but remember that
this is cumulative so in the example of
there was a there was a husband wife
where one I think the husband fell
something and the wife didn't remember
you're all in a different starting place
it could be that the people who found
who felt something profound were right
at the cusp of moving up to the next
level and just easily moved to the next
level could be there's some of you need
a little more understanding of frames
and that's what I did for you today so
you'll find that this needs to be
reinforced but the more i reinforce it
for you the closer you're going to get
to feeling something like that but of
course everybody's different we should
not expect that any solution medical or
physical or otherwise will work the same
way for for other people
alright and here and let me let me do it
for you again right now find a place on
your floor wherever you are look at the
floor in wherever the floor is the
largest area now it doesn't have to be
you know you don't have to get it right
but just look at what it looks to you in
your opinion like the largest floor area
you can see and now imagine using
yesterday's technique that is rendered
it's not real you're in a video game
you're at a level and everything here is
artificial
just think about that today I'll let you
do that on your own and what do you feel
in the moment because that this exercise
will just bring you to the moment you'll
feel your environment moving in between
being what you thought was real and what
you can easily imagine is not and that
will keep you in the moment it will
reduce the effect of your ego tapping on
your shoulder and it will calm you the
more you you exercise your ability to
calm yourself the better you'll be and
that's all for today