[Music]
hello everybody it's time for a coffee
with Scott Adams it's your place to get
your dopamine hit and it comes with
caffeine this time
caffeine dopamine it's like a marriage
made in heaven it's like chocolate and
peanut butter it's like any two things
put together and you came to the right
place for it today is gonna be a great
day in fact it's part of a great age
I think the Golden Age might be here oh
sure sure we'll have some problems
thought we'll work through them we'll
talk about how great things are when
everybody gets here but first let us
lift our glass our cup of rug could be a
stein chalice tankard vessel could be a
thermos might be a flask fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the simultaneous enter so
let me tell you some things that are
amazing today if you check the headlines
you'll think you are in Reverse own
world you know where everything's
backwards let me give you an example in
the news today Jim Acosta is praising or
yesterday was praising President Trump's
speech for d-day the 75th anniversary
totally praising it what where am I
have I woken have I awoke in in a dream
at the same time over on fox news tucker
carlson was praising
elizabeth warren's economic policy true
story do you know why he was praising
her economic policy because it was
pretty good do you know why Jim Acosta
was praising President Trump's speech
and Normandy because it was a really
good speech what's happening
we're seeing everybody from AOC to Biden
to Murkowski - of course the
administration talking about the
potential of nuclear energy what it's
the solution to what many would see is
the biggest problem in the world I'm
gonna be talking a little more about
that in a bit
how about pretty amazing pretty amazing
all right Kim jong-un is criticizing his
top officials lately for for not being
good enough now it doesn't seem that he
has at least at least he hasn't executed
his people who are negotiating but one
of the hypotheses is that the new
loosening of will say loosening of
contact between North Korea and South
Korea is probably letting into the
country a lot of movies and culture and
stuff probably on thumb drives and you
know small devices and things but the
thinking is that Kim jong-un knows he
can't survive information if information
gets into the North it will make clear
that they're not doing things as well as
other countries and that's real problem
so Kim has started to criticize publicly
his own people for not doing a good job
he's making sure that when the public
finds out that things are working well
he wants to make sure that they know who
to blame which suggests that he knows
information is coming now it's a lot of
dots I've connected here so I'm not
going to try to get into the mind of
somebody on the other side of the world
but I do think that there is some truth
to the fact that he can't stop the
information from getting in and the more
that gets in the more he's gonna have to
explain and that's probably good for us
because he's going to need to improve
things and there is one print one path
to improvement and it's through
negotiations with the u.s. even Robert
Downey jr. has started a foundation to
try to fake
climate change and maybe pollution it's
a little unclear what he's up to but
he's putting his money behind it now
what is what's the first thing you think
of when you think a Robert Downey jr. an
actor once the cleanup the end you fix
climate change it's gonna be something
dumb not so much not so much he loves
you loves nuclear energy that's right
[Laughter]
Robert Downey jr. is bro nuclear energy
but he's also proved proud
nanotechnology and robots n' and other
stuff and he's putting his money beyond
it to which i say how about that how
about that there there's there something
I can respect so when you see a world in
which Jim Acosta is praising the
president for being so so polite and so
you know well-spoken and you're seeing
people on both sides say nuclear energy
is great you're seeing you're seeing a
Hollywood actor do something that's
clearly good now who knows if it
produces some you know breakthrough but
if you're if you're not trying to get a
breakthrough you're not gonna get one so
pretty basic stuff all right what else
we got going on so I was reading about
Russia and collusion in oh wait a minute
no I wasn't I looked at the news today
and there's nothing about Russia and
collusion there is a little thing about
Pelosi wanting to see Trump in prison
what do we know about that story we know
that it's a quote of something that
somebody said that wasn't recorded and
was reported to us by people unknown
what is the reliability of an of an
unknown source repeating what somebody
said in a meeting
reliability zero zero no reliability now
it's possible that she said something
like we're gonna play it for you know
we're going to do the
election you know and then it's possible
she said something that sounded like it
but it's not possible that that's
exactly what she was thinking
well it's possible it's unlikely here's
what I think was happening as others
have suggested she's trying to find some
way to to find the middle path between
two groups that don't really have a
middle one one doesn't want a peach one
only wants to the peach so how do you
find the middle between these two
opposites well it seems the way she's
doing it is she's going to say hey the
thing that's even better than
impeachment is the vote amount of office
and then put him in jail so if you're
talking to the hardcore impeachment
people you say look I'm hardcore that
you are all you want to do is impeach
and that's not even going to work what I
want to do is beat him in the election
which could work maybe could work and
then once he's beaten in the election
the legal system can't protect him and
then we can do what we want now if he's
saying that to her impeach crowd pretty
smart because she's saying no I'm not
less hard on the president that you are
I'm much harder that's a very good
argument it's a high ground she say have
a little patience we'll have automatic
office then we do whatever we want with
him because he's not protected by the
office anymore now that doesn't mean she
believes it that doesn't mean that she
would really pursue the President or
want to after you he was out of office
what it does mean is this a good way to
control the the people who were on the
fringe while at the same time the people
who don't want to impeach can you hear
her say hey let's not impeach let's just
try to beat it in the election and
that's exactly what they think you know
you can worry about that separate
question whether there's some legal
thing sometime in the future you don't
have to worry about that it's a separate
question
so did she say did Pelosi say something
like we don't need to impeach him we'll
beat him in the election and then you
know I want to see him in jail buddy she
might have said something approximately
like that but I wouldn't take that too
seriously that sounds like managing for
debate
but the the more important larger thing
to keep in mind is that it's hearsay
it's somebody that you don't know who
said something interpreting what
somebody said it in a meeting
probably untrue let me correct something
that let me correct a fact from prior
conversations here and on Twitter you
made you may know Joe Concha who I
mentioned he tweeted something from the
hill and the hill article said that the
president was praising white
nationalists at Charlottesville which is
not true so I had some criticisms about
promoting that fake news but I want to
correct it is not joe concha who said
the faint news he tweeted a story
written by somebody else they had a line
in there they said that the president
was praising white nationalists now I do
have a question why it was tweeted but I
do not but I do not put any
responsibility on it nor should you on
Joe gallo for writing the article it
wasn't his article and I don't know what
he thought about that particular line in
it but just want to correct the record
if you thought that if you thought that
Joe concho believed the president was
praising white nationalists there's no
evidence that he believes that in fact
he has apparently said the opposite in
public a number of times so I want to
correct that just for accuracy there's a
story out of Japan there's apparently
some kind of a movement in Japan and a
big national a lot of people signed a
petition to make high heels no longer
required / desirable for working women
in Japan so the idea is that women and
Japan are saying hey don't make us wear
high heels at work and I have to admit
do this experiment mentally bring
yourself into the future of 50
mentally right so just go imagine 50
years into the future do you believe in
50 years there's any chance that women
will routinely be wearing high heels at
work probably the odds of that are zero
haha
I mean maybe but I would say in 50 years
the odds that women routinely wear high
heels at work is probably zero right for
all the obvious right reasons now when
you do that experiment where you put
yourself 50 years in the future and then
you look back and you look at this age
you look at 2019 doesn't it feel weird
there women wear high heels doesn't it
feel like wrong on every level
I mean high heels literally are
sexualizing women that the reason you
wear heels is because they're flattering
to your legs and the reason you do that
is because that's one of the signals for
you know sexual attractiveness now why
in the world is that a work requirement
it's a work requirement to make your
legs look good at work think about how
that's going to look to us in the future
in the future we're going to look back
to that and say well I can't believe
that seemed okay like how was it that we
were in the the me2 era and everything
else and everybody was just okay with
that now let me say I I want to give you
my personal opinion I'm a guy do I like
seeing women in heels yes of course I do
do I think they're women in heels are
more attractive well it depends right
depends on the woman blah blah blah but
yes absolutely do I think they make
women look sexier of course a lot but do
I think women should have to wear them
for work for work are you freaking
kidding me that's still a thing like
doesn't it already feel like we're it
feels like it's a bit of
the past that followed us what we didn't
notice you know sometimes you step on
the toilet paper and stock you shoe and
you you walk out of the restaurant or
whatever and you've got that long string
of toilet paper stuck to your shoe if
the high heels thing feels like that it
feels like society has walked way past
the point where having women wear sex
objects to work could make any sense at
all and yet there it is it's like the
toilet paper stuck to the shoe that's
the same time I love high heels so I
will feel bad when they go away but
they're going away all right
I'll feel good for women though for a
woman it's gonna be terrific I would
think the others there is one there is
one reason for heels that make sense
which is it adds height and height
actually is pretty correlated with
success and with confidence and all that
so if women want to wear them because of
height that's not a bad reason that that
would at least have scientific backing
but I think the trade-offs pretty bad
all right let's talk about censorship of
conservatives so the latest is steven
crowder was demonetised on youtube I
keep wanting to get really engaged in
this topic I keep thinking that
somebody's gonna get kicked off a
platform or demonetised and I'm gonna
say to myself now you've gone too far
you've crossed the line now big social
media this one was way over the line and
I keep waiting for the story and I think
oh here's one steven crowder because
i've been on his show and there was
nothing when i was on the show there was
nothing - sounded even vaguely like it
be a problem I've watched many clips of
his of issue and I've never seen that
anything on a clip that looked even
vaguely like a problem to me so I
thought to myself here's the one steven
crowder you can't possibly think that he
and his show should be demonetized
I'm going I'm gonna go deep this time
and then I look at the clip the clips
that got him kicked off and
unfortunately it's really anti-gay ugly
stuff now he's doing it jokingly and in
the context of humor but the humor is at
the expense of gay people in general now
what am I supposed to do with that how
am I supposed to take his side
seriously this is like a frickin trap I
feel like I feel like I feel like the
left have this perfect trap where they
can go after people who have a video
record of saying think that something
that's clearly beyond the you know
beyond the Terms of agreement or the
Terms of Service and then what am I
supposed to do am I supposed to argue
that they shouldn't have you shouldn't
have guidelines am I supposed to side
with the person who said things that I
would that I disavowed about and and
keep in mind and I did watch it and I do
know that he was talking about a
specific journalist the specific
journalist he was talking about is one
of the worst people I've ever seen in my
life so the person that Crowder was
going after and who ultimately I guess
was behind getting him demonetized that
front the person from Vox I'm not going
to say his name because he's just a
horrible horrible human being but none
of that has to do with being gay I don't
think that comes into anything right
there's there was nothing along those
lines nothing on the topic had anything
to do with anything
so somebody say he was using that guy's
own words it doesn't work that way you
can say things about yourself other
people get to say about yourself so
here's the thing I want to defend steven
crowder I wanted to defend his right to
say things that other people find
offensive just sort of as a general free
speech thing without you know I don't
want to endorse anything he said I just
want to say that he should be able to
say what he said but here's the thing
why YouTube did was they demonetized him
they didn't take him off the platform as
long as he's on the platform he still
has complete freedom of speech he just
isn't monetized and here's here's the
issue does YouTube or any other platform
have a legitimate right to service their
advertisers in a way that the
advertisers are buying something that's
a value which is an advertising platform
that doesn't cause them any trouble if
what if what if what YouTube is doing is
saying we our advertisers do not want to
pair their content with this what they
don't want to pair their ads with this
content I say well that's sort of a free
speech issue too isn't it because if
you're an advertiser you get to have
your own free speech and your free
speech as hey I don't want my brand
associated with this kind of content why
can't the advertiser have that right of
course they can
if you have the right to associate you
also have the right to not associate you
have the right to not pair your content
with somebody else's in a in a
commercial platform voluntary way of
course you do
so when YouTube says this content we
don't monetize because our advertisers
would not like it and they're buying a
service and that's not their service
they're buying i I've got a big problem
criticizing that because if you
criticize that I mean you're criticizing
a pretty basic part of capitalism a
pretty basic part of free speech so
where I am on all of this stuff is that
you should all diversify so if you
haven't already opened alternative
alternative social media accounts I
would recommend you do that
that doesn't mean quitting the
traditional ones that have all the
traffic and you know you've got all the
the energy over there
don't quit them but make sure that
you've got to back up and make sure
you've diversified across the platforms
it is the best you can do and that's the
same time and that
to save time and by the way for those of
you who would get angry at me because
I'm not going to I'm not going to risk
it all to defend steven crowder or any
other individual gets banned you have to
think about this a little bit more
strategically if if everybody goes off
and gets themselves banned because
somebody else did something that
advertisers don't like I don't know if
that's the fight you want to be in you
know and I having watched the clips that
got steven crowder kicked off of
monetization anyway I looked at them and
I said to myself okay that's not a slip
of the tongue it's a it's a repeated
behavior he you know he did the same
thing that anybody would have known
would have been a problem anybody who
did what he did should have known this
would get him in trouble on the platform
know why he didn't I am NOT a descent I
have no idea why he did what he did
don't know but it's not for me to defend
his actions or you or YouTube's alright
but I'm gonna keep watching this because
there's a real issue here and but I
don't want to confuse it with things
that are just business because that's
not a problem all right let us talk
about the coming to the coming Golden
Age I'm gonna call it a nuclear age so
I'm gonna give you a new term I believe
we are entering the nuclear age now I
know you're saying oh how can we be
entering it we've been in it forever
we've had nuclear power forever and
decades and decades what do you mean
we're through it well here's my argument
I'm going to start with a general a
general concept and the general concept
looks like this for a technology it's
often it's often common that a
technology would start off as not being
useful and then we would develop it and
develop it until it became useful so
we're across the line into being useful
but if you further develop it and you
keep going you might reach a point
where you you have another turning point
where it doesn't become just useful it
actually transforms society let me give
you an example telephones telephones
started out you know the day they were
invented there was nobody to call what
good was the telephone what only a
hundred people in the world had not much
good but they kept improving improving
and more people got them and then you
started to have flip phones you know you
had a you had a phone that didn't have a
screen on it but was a little flip phone
you could make a call anywhere you could
be anywhere and still make a call well
not anymore you had to be nearest say
they e you had to have coverage but it
was a pretty big deal when we weren't
from landlines to cell phones that was
that was a big change into the the
useful zone now you could say we were
useful with landlines and it just got
better and better with the flip phones
but then smart phones came along smart
phones are not just a better telephone
it's a complete rearrangement of society
because now everything's that have the
things I used to call I could do on an
app you know with the the fact that as a
screen and then they could do so many
functions it's barely even a telephone
the the thing I do least with my
smartphone is make a phone call that's
the thing I do least so phones went
through a few stages where there were
long there were long phases where they
they were getting a little bit better
but then would they reach some turning
point where I was like changes
everything it's possible that when we
get g5 everywhere
the faster speeds that it might do this
again I mean there might be a whole
other level where you've got enhanced
reality and you're in your glasses and
all kinds of stuff now let's get to
nuclear nuclear energy started of course
the the first day the first nuclear
energy was designed in the first nuclear
plant let's call it generation 1
whatever that was wasn't that useful to
the world it had to get a lot better
generation 2 was better generation 3 so
we're sort of here on new
except people will say wait a minute
it's been decades and decades and
nuclear plants are you know some of them
are closing it doesn't seem like we have
any momentum what's up with this well
the problem is that you couldn't iterate
nuclear energy technology easily because
it was hard to build a nuclear plant and
then see if it worked and then oh how
can we improve this and then build
another one but we are very close to an
inflection point with nuclear energy
that would be the generation for plants
I would say the generation 3 and 4 are
right around this corner this is about
where we are so what's going to happen
when we have lots of small generation 4
or maybe someday fusion but we can just
talk about more standard fission nuclear
for now I think we're approaching a
another point what happens when nuclear
energy is widespread and they figured
out how to standardize the designs so
that you can lower the cost and get
again approval more easily now keep in
mind shrinking them and standardizing
the design fixes a lot of stuff it fixes
the economics because you're always
making the same nuclear plant it fixes
training because it's the same plant
you're just reproducing it and it makes
a lot easier to get approval because the
approval is the same as the last time
you don't have to look at a whole new
plan you say oh it's the same same as
last time so was put another one in a
new place so there's a lot going on in
terms of the ordinary engineering of
nuclear now let me give you another
analogy I worked at the phone company
back in the days when it was landlines
and and the first cell phones were
developed and then I was also in the in
the group within the phone company there
was first developing the smaller cell
phones which became the flip phones and
the little little regular cell phones
during that time one of the things that
the engineers explained to me
is that there was nothing stopping us
from going where where we were with
landlines to a point where everybody had
a phone in their pocket and could call
anybody from anywhere they told me it is
purely an engineering problem meaning
there's nothing that needs to be you
know invented out of nothing it's it's
known engineering problems and iterating
to find the best of them until you get
something great all of the engineers who
worked in this field said there's
nothing that's going to stop this from
happening
it's just time and iteration likewise
with nuclear energy if you talk to the
people in that field they will tell you
there is nothing that's gonna stop this
from happening the slow improvement in
nuclear is going to have an elbow and it
is going to go crazy we don't know when
it could be in ten years it could be in
twenty years but the odds that are
happening are more like a hundred
percent unless yeah I suppose if aliens
visit and bring us a new technologies
you know and energy source could make a
difference now here's why this matters
I'm gonna make a statement that will
haunt you forever the statement is this
money is simply a way to store energy
that that's the thought that will haunt
you for a while money
you know currency and bank accounts and
credit cards and all those anything is
money there's a way to store energy and
that everything that we care about and
need to do is about moving energy
everything you build is focusing energy
somewhere
everything you move is energy everything
you do requires energy the world is
energy that's being rearranged and moved
and focused that's what it is if you
think about that then you understand
that when we get to the elbow where
energy becomes way way cheaper
everything changes we're not talking
about with small improvements when you
get to the point where we're putting
let's say generation
for smaller nuclear online and we're
just cranky amount
boom-boom-boom-boom as the cost of
energy goes down which is what would
happen you get all these transformative
benefits that are not in here's my cat
coming through these are not incremental
changes
sorry about the she's not in the screen
right now
you don't give incremental changes let
me give you some examples the reason
that we don't like to grow food indoors
is because you have to use a lot of
energy it takes energy to move the water
there it takes energy for the lights and
that's actually a lot of energy to to
artificially light light it you need
energy for desalinization depending on
where you are and if you were shipping
food you need energy for that so growing
food is sort of an energy problem not a
hundred percent but very much an energy
problem if you have cheap energy you
have cheap food you've got
desalinization you've got water
everywhere you've got heating and
cooling is cheaper so you don't have to
worry about staying warm or staying cool
you've got irrigation because that
requires energy and even construction
every every component that goes into
building your house from the the bricks
to the walls to the everything required
a lot of energy expense to create it in
the first place you know to dig it out
of the ground to manufacture it to
create it to ship it to your place to
put it in in into the construction all
energy you take energy and of the
equation or you take it down from you
know what it costs now to ten percent of
what it cost now let's say in best-case
scenario suddenly you don't just have a
slightly better gas bill or energy bill
I'm not talking about a my electrical
cost went down or hey is it great to
some extra people in the third world
country got electricity it's way bigger
than that that we're talking about
making making it basically cheap enough
for somebody who doesn't have a job in
one state to simply get in a
self-driving car
and drive to the other part of the
country fairly cheaply because the
energy cost would be approaching zero so
here's the big picture in the future it
will be impossible to simply tax our way
to a fair and just society because there
won't be enough money people making
money to tax them so heavily that you
wouldn't crush capitalism in the service
of trying to provide for the poor so
taxation under the current set of
variables can't get us there
but if you can reduce substantially the
cost of a good quality life such that
instead of costing a hundred thousand
dollars a year to have a family of four
in a you know in a suburban area maybe
it costs and even that's low but maybe
it costs fifty maybe it costs
twenty-five you know you should be able
to get the cost of a good life way way
down simply by starting with energy so I
propose that we are entering a golden
age in which nuclear energy will
drastically reduce the cost of most of
what we do so that most of what we do
completely transforms into a far better
world so that's the thought money is
just a way to temporarily store energy
that can be released again when you give
somebody else your money for them to do
some work so that's the that's the
situation so here consider if you will
the people on both sides of the aisle
from AOC and Biden two to Rick Perry and
the Energy Group and the Trump
administration pretty much everybody's
on on plan right now that iterating
nuclear technology and and getting
serious about it is the way to go it is
the way to deal with climate change it
is the way to deal with our national
debt because again you'd be making
things cheaper for people you don't need
to tax as much if everything becomes
less expensive so even things like
health care
become way more affordable if you don't
have to pay so much for the other stuff
so nuclear energy could be the biggest
transformative change in civilization in
the coming few decades and everybody's
on board I don't see anybody who's
against it who's actually looked into it
so even the politicians are on the same
side so we're looking at you're looking
at a situation forming there's one of
the most positive things that
civilization has ever seen and here's
the fun part
there's almost nothing that can stop it
from happening because remember it's
just engineering we don't have to do
much differently you know maybe maybe
the lawmakers need to make things a
little easier and maybe get rid of some
regulations but it seems to it seems
there's some will to do that so there
doesn't seem to be any problem to get
from where we are to way less expensive
energy and widely available and
completely transforming society because
of it it's going to happen 10 years
maybe 20 years nothing's going to stop
it I think I will leave it on that high
point and I remind you if you want to
see this in replay you can just go to
youtube and google real coffee with
scott adams it'll pop right up and
that's all for now I will talk to you
later