hey everybody come on in
gather round there's plenty of space yes
it's time for a coffee with Scott Adams
and the simultaneous sip now world
renowned people all across the globe are
enjoying the simultaneous it and you
know why yeah it's the best part of the
day every single time this will be no
exception and all you need is a cup or a
mug of glass a tanker chelators tiny
Canty injector flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better
it's called the simultaneous hip and
it's gonna happen now go yeah yeah
everything's improving mm-hmm it feels
better now well let's talk about some of
the news is everybody buying their Goa
products you you know the company's CEO
who said something nice about President
Trump and now he's gonna get boycotted I
think a lot of people are buying a
little extra Koya products so I hope
that turns out in turns into a plus for
Goa anyway here's some crazy things I
love the fact that mayor de Blasio is
not even trying to be any kind of a
credible figure anymore so he's he's
banding all larger gatherings except for
a black lives matter of protests also
known as the largest gatherings now I
suppose that he's in favor of free
speech so that would be a good reason to
make an exception because there's a
constitutional constitutional right to
free speech
but there's also a constitutional right
to religious expression so so that's I
usually don't like to talk about the
hypocrisy stuff because it's too boring
but that that one's just sort of weird
and funny are we in a weird situation
where the virus infections are running
out of control correct me if I'm wrong
is it not obvious to everyone that the
reason or the infections are increasing
is because the lockdowns are over we all
know that right because I when you watch
the commentary it's almost like some
people still don't believe that social
distancing works which is weird at this
point isn't it but am I wrong that some
people still think social distancing
doesn't make any difference when the
data is now overwhelmingly obvious that
it does I don't know about that it looks
like it looks like there's still doubt
on masks and everything else it's a it's
an amazing world that there's no amount
of information or experience that can
change people's minds you can't be
changed with data you can't be changed
with observation reason people just
don't change their minds it's just
another thing IOC had the one of the
most annoying quotes of her life tweets
anyway she's complaining about the
complaints about canceled culture now of
course she has to cancel the complaints
against canceled culture cuz canceled
culture works for her side so here's
what she said she said the term canceled
culture comes from entitlement okay
cancel culture comes from entitlement
alright this is gonna be an insightful a
point that follows because I don't get
it yet and she says all right so cancel
culture comes from entitlement as though
the person complaining has the
right to a large captive audience and
one is a victim if people choose to tune
you out
I will think that's what people are
complaining you've happened
AOC seems a little bit off point I think
people are complaining about losing
their jobs losing their jobs for having
an opinion that's that's a cancellation
losing your job but beyond that the real
complaint is that the people getting
cancelled are being cancelled for
reasons that are not appropriate it
doesn't it has nothing to do with
entitlement that's such a weird take and
then she says odds are you're not
actually cancelled
you're just being challenged held
accountable or unlike well all of those
things are true and then she goes on to
paint herself as a victim of many
complaints it's just the most confused
opinion of all time is canceling good is
it bad we can't even tell what she wants
all right I tweeted it out to a speech
that was captured in text from director
ray the FBI talking about all of the
ways China is stealing intellectual
property from the United States and I
got to tell you even though you knew it
was bad you know you've been hearing it
China is stealing our intellectual
property China's spying on us you know
China is interfering well until you hear
him do the whole list with all the
examples of China the things that China
is doing right now we're not talking
about things they have done in the past
although some of that's there but the
things they're doing right now it's a
full-out war
it's a full-out digital war with China
which even I was surprised at the extent
of it so apparently it's it's a hot war
it's actually a hot war and they're just
trying to steal our stuff you read that
and you can't even you can't even
now a little bit that we you know we
just can't do business which I know you
just can't it can't be done
so the decoupling I think is guaranteed
if you think that tick tock app is gonna
last I think you're gonna be surprised
the Tic Tac app is definitely going to
be banned in the United States in my
opinion I don't think there's a
slightest chance that that could remain
you saw a news item that was yesterday
that was weird
there was a initial report that was
immediately retracted or fairly soon but
the initial report was that Amazon sent
onto menu memo telling people to take
tick tock off their phone if they were
Amazon employees and they used a phone
for Amazon stuff I guess now Amazon
immediately reversed that but I'll bet
it was real at one point I'll bet it was
real and I'll bet China complained no
you think China complained and maybe
that's why they reversed it no but it
was I'll bet China actually has enough
control over Amazon the Amazon changed
its policy to allow spyware on their
employee phones now I don't know if
that's what happened it could be that it
was just a you know fake memo or
something anything's possible but kind
of looks like that initially there was a
study that said that people who complain
about being victims are psychopathic
manipulative and narcissist narcissist
narcissistic and their frequent
signalers of virtuous of victimhood says
a new study so in other words the people
who complain about victims are
psychopaths manipulative and
narcissistic people that sound right I
don't know if you needed to do a study
for that just saying you know I think it
makes a difference if you're the actual
victim or if you're protesting on behalf
of those victims if you're the actual
victim or you probably have something
real to complain about but if you're
but others just like the the virtuous
victimhood root apparently
all right here is my new big suggestion
for the day hey ready the news was all
boring so there was nothing really to
talk about except Roger stone so let's
do that and then we'll get to the the
big news
so Roger stone got his sentence commuted
which means that he can still battle in
the legal system to have his name name
restored but he doesn't have to worry
about jail from this latest offense now
of course the anti-trump errs are saying
it's an abuse of power
my power is abused and he did all these
terrible crimes and of course the Trump
administration says well the only reason
these crimes happened was because of
this fake Russia collusion hoax and he
got sort of you know pushed into a place
where a person who was likely to be
let's put it this way if you were known
as a fabulist
a person who makes up stuff and you were
forced into a saying things on the
record you're probably gonna get in
trouble it's the same reason people
don't want President Trump to testify
under oath you could see some trouble
couldn't you so in my opinion the pardon
of Roger stone is the cleanest pardon
you'll ever see in my opinion I suppose
it could be but not a part of Nate
commuting of a sentence I think it's the
cleanest one I've ever seen because the
situation was caused by bad actors in
the government and I don't think you can
ever have you can never feel right about
your government if somebody went to jail
because of bad behavior by the
government now you're gonna say about
wait the government didn't force him to
lie under oath the government didn't
force him to hide emails or whatever
he's accused of doing now the government
didn't force it they simply put him in a
position where it was likely to happen
if you put somebody in a position to
where they're likely to commit a crime
and they could not have been in that
without any other outside force that's
not exactly the situation's we're
looking to punish people for if the
government forces him into that even
though there's free will and blah blah
blah
anyway so the I think the Roger stone
I think commuting the sentence has more
power than just the Roger stone story
and here's the larger narrative that it
fits into you ready a lot of people have
been complaining the president Trump has
not aggressively protected his base in
other words he's not doing enough to
protect people from getting cancelled
from being beaten in public for being
you know fired for their views you know
whole host of things that Republicans
think is happening to their base and are
and they think he's not doing enough but
when you see the Roger stone commutation
you say to yourself oh wait maybe the
president is willing to do some things
which are not necessarily politically
great for him but they do show that he's
willing to take some risk to protect at
least some people have been you know
loyal to his cause
so in terms of how it feels to the base
really right the way it feels is really
right it's the first time I I would be
hard-pressed to come up with another
example maybe you could in which Trump
supporters won one can you think won
maybe I'm just having a selective memory
but it seems like Trump supporters are
almost always on the wrong end of all of
this stuff you know they're the ones
getting fired getting beaten up it just
feels like it's always on the wrong end
it's probably just a selective memory
all right here's my big guy thought for
the day when the original Constitution
was written and the Bill of Rights we
were a primitive society the founders of
the Constitution were literally pooping
in two holes in the grass
and trying to create a system for all
time now that's tough because they
didn't know the internet would come
along and lots has changed so I'm
suggesting that there should be wait for
it the big idea coming a digital Bill of
Rights a new set of rights that have not
existed before that are only necessary
because of the digital age now I'm going
to read you my first draft of things
that would at least be considered so
don't assume that everything that I say
needs to be on a bill of rights a
digital Bill of Rights but assume it
could be in the conversation and I'll
just run through them quickly so we
don't you know spend too much time in
anyone and some of these are designed to
be provocative all right here's number
one probably the most provocative one
video evidence of a crime is not
admissible in court unless both the
prosecution and the defense agree that
they shows what happened in other words
either the prosecutor or the defense
could say that a video cannot be shown
in court why because we now know that
videos are more misleading than
clarifying we know that because the fake
news as has proven that a million times
by editing out the beginning or the end
of a video so that what you see is out
of context likewise a video is by
definition let's say an editorial
because it shows one angle of a thing
and it can't by its nature show all the
other angles so in the same way that a
lie detector is not admissible in court
and yet is widely used in the real world
why is it that a lie detector test is
not admissible in court right the reason
a lie detector test is not admissible in
court
is as science shows it doesn't work but
does work well enough that private
industry uses it all the time so there
is a different standard for the law than
there is for for just daily life and the
law says that a lie-detector test is not
reliable enough to put somebody in jail
over it I would like to add to that that
video evidence photographic evidence and
audio evidence by themselves should
never be the basis for a prosecution of
any kind alas the defense and the
prosecution both agree that whatever is
on these digital reproductions is
accurate enough for the purposes now you
might say to yourself my god Scott if
you take video evidence out of it a lot
of people are going to get away with a
lot of crimes to which I say this is
just for discussion maybe the only thing
you use video evidence for is to
determine who was involved in other
words maybe you'd say the only thing you
can get from the video is that we can
confirm these people were there and that
these you know these items were involved
just throwing it out there it would be
immense problems either way it goes so
I'll be honest about that how about this
a maximum five year ban from any digital
platform regardless of your offense in
other words in other words somebody says
it's a dumb idea already handled by the
court but that would be true for lie
detectors too yeah if something is not
accurate and you know in advance is not
accurate can you depend on the court to
sort out what was accurate about it and
what was not I think you could have a
deeper discussion on that but but I do
acknowledge that it could go either way
all right so a maximum five year ban
from any platform let's say YouTube or
Twitter or Facebook or somebody kicks
you off the platform for a bad behavior
which you totally had coming alright so
and this we're assuming that you're
bad behavior was in fact bad behavior
you violated the the requirements there
should be some kind of a statute of
limitations because these public
platforms are too important for daily
life to have somebody blocked forever
but you still probably need some kind of
a penalty so I would suggest and maybe
it could be three years but a five-year
ban and then you can come back if you do
the same behavior you're of course
banned again all right so that's another
one how about this one and again these
are brainstorming don't assume that
these are settled proposals here's
another one you have you must know the
identity or you have the right to know
the identity of your online accuser how
about that if somebody puts a tweet up
that says Scott Adams eats kittens I
should have the right to petition
Twitter through some normal process and
say can you unveil that person's name
and identity right because in the legal
system you have a right to know who
accuses you why is that right
restricted online why can somebody know
my identity but I can't know their
identity now if they're not doing
anything that bothers me I don't care
why would I need to know somebody's
identity if they're not bothering me but
if somebody makes an accusation which
can change my reputation I have an
absolute right to know who they are
right away right away and I should be
able to just send that tweet to some
kind of decision-making body and say
eight is this person talking about me
because if they are I would like them
unmask now of course this causes other
problems blah blah blah I'm just putting
these out here for discussion how about
this one 48-hour rule for clarification
so this wouldn't be a law per se but
just a standard that if somebody puts
something online and somebody says hey
that thing online what about that thing
online that you did you have 48 hours to
say no no you
it doesn't mean that it means this and
we should accept the clarification
because it doesn't make sense to believe
a stranger's opinion of what your
opinion is over me telling you my
opinion I'm the only one who should have
the right to tell you my opinion how
about this one
no guilt by digital Association and
nobody can be guilty by digital
Association what I mean by that is if
you have a photograph standing next to
the worst person in the world we just
ignore it
because simply standing next to or
having your photo taken with the worst
person in the world doesn't make you a
bad person
likewise if you're following somebody
online there was a terrible person that
doesn't make you a bad person if you
retweet their content that doesn't make
you like the person you retweeted we
should have a complete right to not be
branded by association no matter that
Association so long as it is legal how
about this one this one will be really
controversial and it's and it makes
sense today how about you cannot be
blamed or lose your job for let's say
anything you said under an anonymous
context if somebody later finds out your
real identity and you would have been in
trouble for saying that under your real
identity but you didn't you
intentionally said something that you
knew would get you in trouble and you
did it intentionally anonymously they'll
say used an anonymous account but later
somebody uncovered it that can never be
used to penalize you in other words you
can't lose your job because you said
something inappropriate under an alias
now I suppose if you're threatening
somebody's life or it's a crime that's
different so I'm not talking about a
crime I'm talking about really
unpleasant things and here's the
reasoning for that I believe everyone
says things that would get them canceled
privately privately everybody says
things that would get them canceled let
me say it again privately if you think
nobody's listening everybody says things
that would get them canceled you know I
make it an absolute so you can think
there must be I'm sure there's a Puritan
somewhere who doesn't do that okay yeah
not everybody but you know what I mean
it's just not a standard that we should
have in this world
light likewise you should not be blamed
for any any digital reproduction of
something that happened over 20 years
ago you could argue about the 20-year
part but I think we should just ignore
that photo from your yearbook that's
embarrassing that that video for 20
years ago the audio from 20 years ago
just if it's 20 years ago forget it
that's my standard likewise you should
not be canceled today for something that
you did in the past that would not have
gotten you canceled in the past so you
should not be you should not be punished
today because of something your digital
ghost did when I say digital ghost I
mean you don't your past doesn't exist
you exist now and you probably will
exist in the future but your past
doesn't exist like you can't grab a
handful of the past it's not a thing
anymore so canceling somebody for what
they did in their digital ghost past
when they didn't get canceled in the
past because in those days that wasn't
cancelable that should never ever cancel
your real life body that's living today
because your digital ghost did something
that was fine 20 years ago 20 years ago
nobody raised an eyebrow about it that
doesn't mean is right just means you
shouldn't be canceled for something that
basically a digital ghost did all right
how about this you do not need to
respond this would be more like just a
standard of be
you do not need to respond to
misrepresentations of your opinion
online let's say you could simply just
note them as misrepresentations now how
useful would that be to you it's kind of
useful isn't it because the sooner you
get into a debate about I didn't say
that yes you did
I didn't say that well you said this
other thing I didn't say that you can
never really win with the people who are
misrepresenting you you think you can
because it seems so seductive it's like
well you've misrepresented me watch me
fix this just by putting up my actual
opinion and then people can see my
actual opinion from me they can see how
you misrepresented me and then I'm all
good right has never worked in the
history of the of humanity it just
doesn't work you can't make a
misinterpret or stop misinterpreting
they'll just remiss interpret you it's
an infinite loop so instead you should
just be able to say misrepresentation
move on and anybody sees that that the
person that they're talking about has
labeled it misrepresentation could say
ah well I don't know what the real story
is here but obviously not true now again
that would have lots of negative
potential you know abuse possibilities
but we'll just put these out here how
about no single source reporting now
this is more reporting than digital bill
of rights but it feels similar because
it's always reported digitally you know
something will appear on my phone it'll
be somebody who hasn't given their name
a single source says the president is
punching people in the Oval Office you
should just not be able to report that
it just shouldn't be allowed or or it
should be labeled maybe self labeled you
should be able to maybe you can report
it because freedom of speech right so
you can report it but you should have to
self label it highly non credible
information so anytime you see a single
source report it always needs to be
flagged no matter where it is
as highly not credible information
wouldn't I help as a let's say you're a
twenty-something year old consumer you
haven't seen how fake the news is yet
you still believe that it might be true
wouldn't it help you to see that little
label highly non credible information
still run the story but just label it
non credible how about this rule any
corrections to news reports have to be
as prominent as the original story now
it would be hard to do right but what
I'm talking about is if there's a fake
news story
it'll get let's say thirty million
clicks when the correction runs and says
uh that was all fake you know we just
found out none of it was real the
correction will get ten thousand likes
or eyeballs so the correction is always
tiny compared to the fake news so could
there be a digital bill of rights that
says the correction has to at least be
attempted you know a serious attempt to
make it as prominent as the original
story now what that looks like is pretty
subjective but let's say if it was a
headline story that something was true
the only way you could correct it would
be with another primetime headline story
now maybe you don't have to do ten
headlines even though the original story
at ten headlines what at least is
comparable it's a headline correction to
a headline story and maybe if you run it
as a tweet you have to pin it until it
gets enough clicks you know you could
imagine a number of ways that you could
get closer to that standard and by the
way I'm not kidding myself that any of
these would be easy to enforce or that
they wouldn't have any negative
consequences I'm just putting it out
there that something like this should be
considered now about this if you try to
organize a boycott against any company
your own identity and where you work
must be public so even if you're on
Twitter and you say yeah boycott that
goya food company even if you're just a
Twitter user the only way you can
that is if someone else has access to
know where you work for mutual as your
destruction I'd also like to work know
where you work in the future
say reason I don't think that people who
call for boycotts against American
companies should have the advantage of
privacy when the target does not and the
privacy is not just who your identity is
because lots of times you do know the
identity of the person online but you
don't necessarily know where they work I
want to know where they work who is
paying somebody who's who is working to
destroy another company I was reading a
there's some kind of disagreement
between the founders or co-founders of
sleeping giants I've never heard of that
so it's sort of an activist group it's
very small mostly to people I guess and
they would go to advertisers and say hey
you're advertising on a bad place so
they try to get rid of the effort has
been for Tucker Carlson show I think
they succeeded in getting rid of a lot
of the ads on Breitbart so they're
basically a company or a group that
exists to put other groups out of
business and I'm thinking no I feel like
we should know who's putting companies
out of business
something you ought to know for boycott
lisa in the boycott sense all right how
about this it should be illegal to show
a video if you're a let's say if you're
a news organization not an individual
but if you're a news organization it
should be illegal to show a video that's
edited to change its context or meaning
in other words if you showed the
charlottesville fighting people speech
of the president but you only showed the
part before he clarified that he wasn't
talking about the neo-nazis which he did
in the second part of his statement
because he wanted to make sure nobody
would misconstrue him and think he was
saying that the neo-nazis were fine
people so he clarified directly no I'm
not talking about the neo-nazis I'm
talking about other people
so that would just be illegal in the
future because the news organizations
would certainly be aware of what they're
doing you know if you think if you think
seeing them doesn't know that they're
showing fake video when they cut it off
the second part oh they know trust me
they know so just be just be a crime
alright so those are some of the things
I've put it out there I think the larger
point is that we probably do need some
kind of a Bill of Rights or almost like
a Ten Commandments
you know the Ten Commandments are not
necessarily tied to actual laws some of
them are shall not murder for example
but you could have a rule of etiquette
or Ten Commandments a Bill of Rights
some kind of a structure that says all
right all right the world is a different
place we have to deal with canceled
culture and rumors and fake videos and
and all that let's just come up with a
new set of rules all right so I'm just
looking at your comments on this I see
some of you like them I think you're
perfectly right perfectly right to
imagine that all almost everything I
mentioned would be problematic you know
you'd have to really work through the
details most of them probably wouldn't
work but some of them like somebody says
potato Stelter would just say he didn't
realize it was edited well I think it
would be enough if the law required you
to run the fully edited one and make the
correction so I don't when I say that
something should be illegal in the
context of this proposed digital Bill of
Rights I don't mean the illegal like you
go to jail because most of these don't
seem like go to jail kinds of problems I
mean illegal as in you need to fix it so
if you had let's say you wouldn't leak
Lear uh nav IDEO that was edited to
change its context the law would require
that you run it in the same time space
you know and correct it so maybe that's
just the law which would be good enough
all right
that is about what I have today I've got
some things I need to do today oh wow
thank you for liking my broadcast and
all of you I think it's hilarious and
wonderful that the conservative Trump
supporting public is also rallying
around the CEO of Goya foods just to
protect his freedom of speech basically
protect his freedom of speech as well as
our own so by some Goya foods by twice
as much and somebody says 66% of Cova
deaths are black people I don't think
that's true
I would do a fact check on that oh yeah
oh one other thing I'm gonna get married
in a few hours so I thought you might
like to know that now I won't be giving
you details on that but you should
obviously it will be very very small so
it'll be the the world's world smallest
wedding so we'll have the world's
smallest the safest wedding I don't
think you'll see pictures of it but I
will do that tonight
now I should tell you that getting
married in the age of coronavirus is
really really hard
originally it was going to be in May and
we said ah how about June and a couple
of different dates in July but we
decided on today June 11th because 7/11
is sort of convenience if you think
about it the Wayfarer story doesn't
interest me there's some fake news about
Wayfarer that is just fake news so yes
we'll be getting married later today I
won't tell you the exact time but it'll
be really really small the smallest
wedding you could ever imagine very safe
so we'll play it safe all right that's
all for now
and thank you those who are
congratulating me by the way we Cristina
I have been together for four years and
we do have a pretty good idea that it
works so in case you're worried
somebody's somebody's questioning my my
v-neck
here's the rule v-neck sweater means
your your your wife where your
girlfriend bought it for you
v-neck t-shirt that's just a different
thing
I don't think v-necks are in anymore but
I still have a few of them in my closet
so that's enough for now and I will talk
to you later