[Music]
all right here's a quick question what's
the best part of the day I'm waiting I'm
waiting that's right it's now it's now
and you don't need much to enjoy the
best part of the day no not much at all
all you need is a cover above your glass
of tanker gels or Stein a canteen driven
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee
enjoyed me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine here the day the
thing that makes everything better
including the damn pandemic it's called
the simultaneous if it happens now go
mmm
I can taste the infection rates
decreasing yep yep it's working well
let's talk about all the things are you
ready for all the things well let's
start with China there's talk about a
cold war breaking out with China over
there increasingly strong grip on Hong
Kong as there there's a closing device
on Hong Kong to which I say we're not
already in a cold war what is a cold war
if we're not already in one is it
because we're in a hot war I mean how
many Americans if they killed this year
at what point has China killed to so
many Americans with both fentanyl and
and viruses that we have to stop calling
it a cold war because it's kind of hot
over here maybe it's not a hot over
there but here's what I would suggest so
I don't know what it means to be in a
cold war I guess it means whatever you
want it to mean
but given the fact that there's
squeezing Hong Kong which would be
violating a business agreement a
political agreement but it's kind of a
business agreement as well and they're
shipping fentanyl and their their phone
equipment is spying and they're taking
IP and they're doing you know unfair
trade deals and blah blah blah
I've said this before but it's time to
say it again rather than a cold war we
should do an international rating of
China and other countries and we should
simply rate them not suitable for
business and I would think that would
matter if you've raided all the
countries as for their suitability to
actually do business with them because
the problem with China is not so much
that we think they're gonna attack us
militarily it's that we think their
business will get so strong that it will
just you know eat up the you know
civilization with Chinese money and
influence if that's what we're worried
about let's just call it what it is
China is not safe for business it's just
not a safe place to do business with
them it's not a safe place to put a
company it's not a safe place to even
accept their mail I'm not even sure we
should accept their mail because it's
full of fentanyl
all right so actor John Krasinski I
don't know if he knew this but during
the pandemic he was doing a little web
show I guess he was doing himself called
some good news so unbeknownst to me he
was doing kind of the same thing I was
doing he said not as well obviously and
it got picked up by CBS News to CBS all
access not CBS News so they're gonna
pick it up and turn it into a show
except the show will not involve John
Krasinski now there was one good thing
about the John Krasinski shel
which was John Krasinski so somehow he
managed to sell CBS on a concept that
only had one good element and he said
but well there's just one thing I'm
gonna sell you this great idea but
there's just one little change I'm gonna
take out the only thing that made it
work which was there was John Krasinski
who was hosting it during a corona virus
pandemic you take that part out and what
exactly did he sell but of course in a
world full of stupid people how do
people take it his fans rebelled that's
right
John Krasinski's probably you know
probably one of the nicest guys in the
world you know if if you can you know
base it on what we see on TV you know
even not just his roles but what he's
just talking in interviews and stuff it
looks like a nice guy but his fans are
very angry that he gave his time for
nothing
during the crota virus and entertained
them and millions of others like them
for free for free and that he sells the
concept to CBS he's not even involved in
it he's not as an actor he's not even
gonna be in it he sells the concept and
that his audience is all mad at him for
selling out and I thought selling out
selling out CBS bought from him
something that probably has no value
whatsoever
personally I would have so I would have
sold that somebody says they didn't like
his show all right well he sold it
anyway so I was having a good laugh at
the CNN coverage today because I wanted
to see how they'd handle freedom
breaking out in America you know over
the Memorial Day so lots people were
crowding together and ignoring the
medical guidelines and not wearing masks
and
doing everything that the experts say
they're not supposed to be doing and but
on the plus side it was outdoors and
they tended to be the younger people
there wasn't a lot of senior citizens
we're out running around on Memorial Day
so how dangerous was it well we don't
know that's what we're gonna find out
probably in about ten days
but CNN's coverage was hilarious here's
the first one this is the headline one
of CNN's headlines it says a 17 year old
dies in Georgia now why is it important
that a 17 year old died in Georgia does
that feel like national news
let's read off in Georgia one of the
first States to begin reopening
officials reported this up above the
state's youngest rotavirus test then
there's a 17 year old boy who died and
I'm thinking to myself is the only thing
that made this a story that a Republican
state opened early and they had to find
it some bad news
one 17-year old died and that became the
headline what about let's read further
the head look where it says that Georgia
overall is doing great
reading reading oh I don't think they
mentioned that they felt one tragedy in
the state that is by the by any measure
a huge success story and they reported
that one tragedy all right okay
here's another one Brett brian Stelter
the headline on one of his articles says
Twitter remains silent about Trump's
appalling attacks against Joe
Scarborough
so it says Twitter remains silent about
it and then you read the article and it
shows the quotes from people like Bret
break you etc doing exactly the opposite
of staying silent just you know its
course excoriating the president for for
doing it and thinking if your if your
title says Twitter remains
Island maybe the body of the article
should not have all the examples in
which it isn't the case just a
suggestion did anybody see the Twitter
remaining silent about that as Twitter
remained silent on anything the Twitter
doesn't know how to remain silent
there was the opposite and by the way
does anybody think that there any does
anybody think that there's one
Republican or a conservative who thinks
that the president's Trump about
murderous alleged murderer Joe
Scarborough there's no evidence he
murdered anybody
but the president is blaming him and I
would say the conservatives have
basically one opinion which is number
one Scarborough had it coming because
he's been lying about the president for
years and it's certainly worse lies than
that because the president's lie was
just sort of silly I don't think anybody
took it too seriously except you know
maybe some nuts but but Scarborough has
been calling the president a traitor to
the country and a and a Russian pop out
for years isn't that way worse because
that was that was sold as a real news
that's way worse than the president
doing this often tweet before he goes
golfing that nobody really took too
seriously so that's the first thing is
that I don't think there are any
conservatives who think it was unfair to
go hard at Joe Scarborough with some
fake allegations because it just feels
like it's a political season and you
know it's going both ways and yeah
everybody's just DEFCON 10 at this point
but I also don't think there are any
conservatives who think who thought it
was kind to the you know the family
members of the deceased so I haven't
heard anybody say oh you know that's no
problem pretty much everyone has the
same opinion oh that's kind of bad for
the family members at the same time
nobody cares how hard he went at
Scarborough
so I don't know there's much to that
story alan dershowitz found a new way to
cause trouble by writing an opinion that
mandatory vaccinations would be
constitutional now what happened to Alan
Dershowitz when he gave a legal opinion
about the Constitution he was called
many anti-semitic things to which I
think to myself how in the world do you
get from a constitutional opinion from a
constitutional scholar all the way to an
anti-semitic attack like I don't even
connect those things
you've got to try pretty hard to to make
it an Alan Dershowitz problem so when I
saw the pushback on that I thought oh
it's people who don't understand how
lawyers work lawyers will get a guilty
person off if it's their lawyer job
lawyers will if they're doing their job
they'll argue what is or is not
constitutional independent of what they
would like it to be that's the job
they're not talking about their own
opinions that's the job
they're talking about what the law is
and I even saw that this takes acts of
hammer
six-six-six you all know him replied
back to Alan and on the topic of the
constitutionality of vaccinations and he
said to Ellen you're rich Alan why not
why not just have a luxury bunker built
and stay in there since the world scares
you so badly and I thought to myself I
didn't see anywhere in his opinion where
he was scared of the world were scared
of anything it just wasn't there he
wasn't he wasn't not escaped he wasn't
not afraid it wasn't afraid it just
wasn't even there he simply talked about
what the Constitution does and does not
allow with some context historically I
you know
is that is that something you should
attack alan dershowitz for is it is it
personally alan dershowitz problem that
he interprets the Constitution to be you
know objectively allowing this now I'm
not giving you my opinion because I know
I'm gonna get attacked next somebody's
gonna hear this and say yeah the
cartoonist he wants to light us up and
give us these unproven tax evasions know
you also have not heard my opinion have
you you know that I'm going to be
accused of having an opinion that people
don't like but I have not expressed my
opinion how I I have expressed no
opinion on that I will talk about it and
it goes like this the as I understand it
president Trump's reservations about
vaccinations in general have to do with
the fact that they're given to very
young kids and that their combined
so it's not one vaccination that's all
it's a bunch of vaccinations put it into
one shot and there's some question about
that because it has never been tested as
a totality individual things have been
tested but hasn't been tested if he give
it to a kid all at once
so there are reasonable adults who say
hey is that good enough is it good
enough that we've tested them
individually because I got some
questions now I don't know the answer
I'm not I don't have any insight into
that so I don't have an opinion of how
safe or unsafe that is it's certainly a
question I'd like to know the answer to
yeah how does it how safe are their we
don't like to know that but this shot
would be for adults primarily I don't
know that young kids would get it
probably not right but it's gonna be
voluntary it would be for adults that it
would not be combined with other shots
now if your primary concerns are
children and combining it with other
shots neither those apply
so it would be more safe at least we
don't know it's more safe let me say it
more I'll be more technically accurate
we don't know how safe it would be but
the two concerns children and combining
it with other stuff don't exist for this
one just say so if you're assessing your
personal risk just take into
consideration that this is not like
other vaccines because the two biggest
risk factors are not present with this
one it might have its own risks so I'm
not telling you you should or should not
take it that's different
Bill Gates said everyone should get it
well the whole point of it is that you
should try to get as many people to take
it right there wouldn't be much point in
having it if you didn't try to get a lot
of people to take it so I get that
single vaccines often use multiple
adjuvants make a single vaccine
problematic for everyone so the question
would be so I'll I will accept the
general statement that every vaccine has
risk but would you also accept the
general statement that the more things
you were you combine that with the more
your risk goes up that's all so even an
individual vaccine is a combination of
things and you can't really drive the
risk to zero but it's less than if you
combine it with even more stuff I would
think that would be common sense all
right so enough on that so the Rachel
Maddow court case came out in a in the
funniest possible way which we wish that
it would so I forget which what the
claim was but Rachel Maddow was accused
of saying something but their defense
was that the Rachel Maddow was full of
 so the defense was that the show is
opinion and rhetorical hyperbole and
that Maddow engages in quote
exaggeration of the facts so as long as
long as she has a show which by its
nature does not tell you the truth it's
okay that she didn't tell the truth that
time because the context of the show is
not the truth now
how would you like to be a person who's
been believing MSNBC all the time you've
been watching it and you thought that
when you were watching Rachel Maddow
that it was something like the news and
then you find out in an actual court
case where people are under oath that
the Rachel Maddow team said now we're
not really even we're not attempting to
tell you the truth because if you think
about it by branding themselves as
opinion and rhetorical hyperbole of
exaggeration exaggeration of the facts
they're saying directly it is not our
intention to give you the truth think
about that they're not saying that we
made a mistake sometimes that would just
be normal I wouldn't hold it against any
news organization to make a mistake
that's got to be just routine if they
corrected it no I'm okay with that
probably but imagine telling your
audience we don't intend to tell you the
truth because that's what it says right
they're not saying we used to be an
opinion and I approve ilish oh but we're
not going to do that anymore they're
saying directly that's who we are and
therefore presumably it means we'll keep
doing it and people will still watch it
and they'll still interpret it as truth
it's a funny world all right let's talk
about how would you like to be Joe Biden
and watching the the discussions on
social media and in the news they seem
to be focusing on how he will be removed
have you noticed that I always tell you
about making making you think past the
sale the sale in this case is will Joe
Biden be removed or confirmed as the
nominee
that's the question but people are no
longer asking that question
have you noticed that people are asking
the question past that which is how is
it going to be done will it be done
before the convention will be done
during the convention will it happen
after the convention and then the vice
president can kind of slip in there more
easily if you're talking about how it
will be done and you've already accepted
that oh it's gonna be done we don't know
when that's gonna be done that's not a
good place to be is it it's not a good
place to be at all so let's talk about
hydroxychloroquine now I'm interested in
hydroxychloroquine 80% of it is because
of the psychological political part
which I find fascinating 20% of my
interest is because hey it might work
but you know there there are a bunch of
other things that also hey those might
work too so I don't have a you know a
special obsession with
hydroxychloroquine in fact my estimate
is there's no more than a 30-40 percent
chance that it makes a difference we
don't know yet but some interesting
things the first interesting thing is
that it's clear in the comments as I'm
reading through Twitter that the people
who only watch the news on the right
believe it's a fact that the drug
doesn't work and that it's dangerous on
top of it so people watch CNN MSNBC read
the New York Times they think that's
actually a fact but they're having
trouble understanding the news if that's
a fact because in my world is simply not
a fact it's something we're still trying
to figure out so my world makes sense
because if we're still trying to figure
it out what would that predict you would
see in the world what would predict you
see that trials are still underway and
indeed there's a story
Scot Gottlieb MD was tweeting about this
is something called a recovery trial I
think that's the name of the trial
recovery like a brand name and or just
the name for the project I guess and
they they thought that they would take a
look at it before they were done to see
if there was any danger and if they'd
had anybody died because they'd seen the
other the other warnings in The Lancet
etc so they looked at their data and
they found that there were no particular
side effects that were deadly so they
decided to continue on with the trial so
how do the people who believe it's a
fact that it doesn't work and we know
it's dangerous that's a fact they
believe how do they understand their
world when they see a professional
medical organization that has all the
information they have they have all the
same access to information have looked
at it all and decided it's not a fact
how do they explain to the world my
world doesn't need any explaining
because everything's playing out exactly
the way I expect oh we don't know
therefore it makes sense we are still
testing if your world is not compatible
meaning that you have a belief that
doesn't explain what you're seeing maybe
rethink your beliefs maybe rethink them
let's talk some more about
hydroxychloroquine one of the reasons
that is so hard to figure out what's
going on with this thing is that first
of all they have tests with only people
were near-death that doesn't tell you as
much as it should they also have the
test without using the zinc that doesn't
tell you if it works with the zinc
because they haven't test it now we're
hearing that as if Meissen might be the
dangerous part so maybe you should leave
out the azithromycin I just read that
today for the first time I don't know if
it's true just read it today so so
nothing is apples to apples but people
are if you if you read it quickly it
sounds like it is so people are acting
like it's apples to apples but all of
our information is just a different set
of
information with different variables
that doesn't compare it to the other
information so we have lots of it it
just doesn't work for making decisions
yet one of those is Costa Rica so
there's a there's an account online that
is promoting all the good news about
hydroxychloroquine I don't know if it's
just a citizen who's trying to help I
don't know if there's any kind of
sponsorship behind it or anything so I
don't know anything about the account
but I follow it because I has lots of
information but I don't I don't assume
that it's all true or accurate so one of
the things that was tweeted is that
Costa Rica apparently is doing an
amazingly good job at controlling their
virus and their deaths amazingly good
it's also true that in the beginning of
the crisis they called China and said
what do we do China told them several
things to do including
hydroxychloroquine and give it to people
early on first symptoms and so they
started doing that turns out that Costa
Rica is a producer of hydroxychloroquine
so they they make it in country so they
had enough so they had enough they
decided to use it and the result is one
of the lowest curves I mean it basically
was it didn't even curve up they they
flattened it before it was even up
basically they flattened it on the
ground you know just where what just
this total flat line when everybody else
was going up now does that mean
hydroxychloroquine works well our little
brains make us think that right because
well here's the situation they used it
they got the best result boom done no
unfortunately not huh you want it to be
true I'm seeing in the comments
somebody's saying it's also an island
Costa Rica's not an island people it's
not an island it's connected to you know
a lab mass it's not an island I've been
to Costa Rica and I promise you I draw
there now I didn't I did drive all the
way but it was there was a there was no
need for darling across water all right
so here's the thing Costa Rica is also
in a warm place right yeah Costa Rica's
Central America
Costa Rica's warm what is the other
country that's also warm that's having
terrible problems it feels like the warm
countries are doing better right Africa
not so bad as we thought it would be
and somebody said Mexico wasn't so bad I
don't know if that's true I'd have to do
a fact check on that well here's the
problem if the only countries that are
doing well are also the warm ones and we
know that the weather probably has a big
big impact can't really tell it's just
there's just too much this different so
you got that going on and so I asked
this question I tweeted it I said are
there any countries that are routinely
using hydroxychloroquine for first
symptoms the wake the way Costa Rica's
is there anybody else who's doing it
just as much as they're doing it but
getting a bad result so I was looking
for the character example I'm looking
for any country ideally in a in a not so
warm climate and not an island island
doesn't count Brazil just started using
it I believe Brazil only just started to
hydroxychloroquine so they're not an
example and but I don't want to do the
the warm countries so forget about
Central America
give me something above Central America
that doesn't have the warmth they use
hydroxychloroquine early now wasn't
Brazil Brazil did not use it early and
and is doing poorly all right so the
test is
give me this on Twitter the test is they
used it early it's not one of these hot
countries toward the equator and they
did not get a good result and did not
get a good results so give me that
example so there's of course big news
about the president we're not wearing a
mask to golf and then of course Great
Britain is all buzzing about Dominique
Cummings aide to the prime minister who
apparently did some traveling and saw
his I don't know his parents or his kid
or something and I have the same feeling
about all of these leaders who are not
doing what the under what they're
telling the underlings to do I really
care do you do you really care if
Dominique Cummings took a drive and
changed a little bit I mean I don't know
if he did she but do you care do you
care I don't care do you care that the
president didn't wear a mask while
golfing I don't care I don't care at all
because I assume that every person who
was with him had had a test that day and
they weren't that close
I mean it's outdoors it's warm I don't
care at all so I think all of these
looking for the hypocrite stories are
not landing because frankly well well
let me ask you let me ask you this
question because you will not be
arrested for your answer how many of you
have violated the guidelines since since
you knew what the guidelines were so
from the moment they said all right
don't do this kind of socializing stay
six feet away etc tell me in the
comments how many of you have cheated at
least once how many of you have cheated
in the comments while we're waiting for
those comments to come here's my
assumption I think most people have
cheated not everybody I'm going to say
seventy-five percent maybe I think 75
percent have cheated Ellie's wants and
and here's my my feeling if people only
cheat when nobody's watching that's
probably fine because if you cheat in a
way that you had let's say a hundred
people over to your house and he had a
house party everybody would know so
people are not cheating in these like
big group ways without getting caught I
mean that's a whole different story but
if somebody saw one person you know
somebody snuck away to be with their
girlfriend or boyfriend I don't know I
don't know I'm just not going to worry
about that and this goes back to my
theory about friction there was never
any thought that yeah I'm looking at all
the comments are coming in now
there have been a number of people who
say not once I'm looking at the ratio
would say so we've got about 50/50 not
bad a lot of you have not cheated even
once very impressive those of you who
have not cheated do you have kids
because if you had kids and you didn't
let them play with a friend I would be
surprised but I'd be impressed I won't
admit it somebody says at my doctor's
office no one wore masks yeah well it
looks like you've all not all of you but
many of you have have cheated but I'm
surprised how many of you have not
somebody got a massage wow that's that's
a little bit of taking a chance there or
maybe not
I suppose if the massage therapist or a
mask and washed Israel her hands you'd
be fine alright I guess my only point is
that I don't expect my leaders to be any
more perfect than
citizens that they lead that whole
hypocrisy thing I never get on board
with the hypocrisy thing but you know I
agree that maybe is better if they do a
little role modeling but aren't we way
past that with President Trump is there
anybody left right or senator who looks
at the president and says I'll be more
like that I don't think so
I think I think we all realized that
he's such a unique character that we
look at him as he's just doing his thing
and we make our own decisions I just
don't see people saying I'm gonna be
like him and you know I just don't see
it so - Joe - Joe - Goldberg
somebody just prompting me in the
comments to comment about that so I
guess that Joe did with Goldberg is not
too happy about Caylee McEnaney and her
job as a spokesperson thinks she thinks
she's a little - I know baby may be
aggressive or a cadet are competitive
but the funniest thing about that is
that Jared Goldberg he looks like a
werewolf now because yeah he hasn't cut
his hair it looks like he's leather he
was beard you little scruffy and he just
turned a full werewolf and the whole
time I was looking at the interview
that's all I could think is I think
you're a werewolf now well I think a lot
of us are going to turn into werewolf
since we can't get haircuts if you have
not cheated you're a Karen okay all
right that's all for now I will be doing
a few more of the evening periscopes as
the country is opening up and I'm
feeling that our spirits are lifting and
things are getting back to normal and
I'm going to declare that this weekend
is the victory victory and what that
means is that if we get let's say
several days from now
there's not a gigantic spike in
infections not so large that it crashes
the hospitals we're back we're back I
think that's where we're at so as we get
back the evening the evening periscopes
were really to you know fill a need and
I may open up my evenings at some point
not tonight tonight I'll be back and
I'll talk to you tonight see you there