bum bump oh hey everybody come on in
here it's time for another episode of
coffee with Scott Adams featuring the
simultaneous sip which is coming up
coming up fast coming at you coming at
you fast and hard and all you need all
you need for the simultaneous step well
it doesn't take much not really all you
need is a cup or a mug or glasses
snifter sty and chela's tankard thermos
last Kantian Grail goblet a vessel of
any kind family with your favorite
liquid I like coffee enjoyed me now for
the unparalleled pleasure the dopamine
hit of the day the thing that makes
everything better
this simultaneous sip yes it's that good
go Oh for those of you made it to full
simultaneity pretty good pretty good
those of you joining later I think
you'll find that the asynchronous sip is
pretty darn good as well all right so
let me do a little check here and how
many people are paying attention when
the discussion started about the about
the house likely improving a Pete
impeachment and then turning it over to
the Senate for something like a trial
President Trump said yeah bring it on
let's have witnesses and let's have a
full trial a lot of people who support
President Trump said well if the
president's asking for a full trial we
support it too so a lot of the
president's supporters both on in the
press and in the real world and social
media they sort of joined with President
Trump and they were saying yeah
give us give us some witnesses we'll put
Joe Biden down there we'll put hunter
Biden
we'll put Adam Schiff on there yeah
bring it on bring it on
who was who was the only person that you
saw huh
say that you should not do that who was
the only person you know who told you
from the beginning President Trump
should not have a trial because you
don't want to introduce new evidence
when you've already won the case we
already know that the Senate will vote
vote the impeachment away so why
introduce new risk when you don't need
to now do you remember when I was saying
that and absolutely nobody else in the
world was saying it okay can we get a
confirmation here in the comments so
those of you who are new know that I'm
not just making stuff up
yes from day one I said no no no no no
just voted away don't have a trial how
many of you said you're crazy Scott
you're crazy and even the president is
saying we should have a trial here if
you don't get the following thing you're
missing a big part of the play and when
I say the play I mean the show
president Trump knows how to put on a
show he knows headed to a defense both
legal and politically but at the same
time he's putting on the defense he's
always putting on a show
it's always intentional and it's always
a good show here's how this works and
this is some advice you can take with
you if you are ever accused of something
and you are but it looks like there's
not enough evidence to really convict
you you should demand a trial even if
you're sure that a trial would show
there's no evidence in you know there's
not enough evidence to convict you of
anything you should demand a trial you
should demand witnesses you should
demand that all the information get out
onto the following conditions you've got
a lawyer who's telling you don't do that
yet the perfect situation the perfect
defense is that the person who's accused
is screaming at the top of his lungs
from the start to the finish
I want more witnesses I want more
evidence I want to prove my innocence
bring me the facts bring it all the
facts spend as much money as you want
spend as much time as you want bring
anybody in to testify that's how
innocent I am as long as your own lawyer
is saying no we're not going to do that
we're definitely not going to do that
because there's no case here and it
would just be dumb to to do something
when you've already won the case so
Lindsey Graham soon after soon after was
the first in the political realm that I
saw anyway say let's not have any
witnesses let's just vote this thing
away and now it looks like Mitch
McConnell is on that page and it looks
like that's where we're heading looks
like they're gonna hear the opening
statements and then they're gonna say
okay fine we got it voted away now I
heard a Greg Gutfeld say something on
the 5:00 yesterday that has made me I've
laughed and it's made me angry for
almost a day because it wasn't obvious
until he said it I ready so you could
have the same probably the same reaction
I had as soon as you hear it you're
gonna say well okay that was obvious why
did I not see the obvious and the artist
as Greg explained if the Democrats are
so sure that they have already shown
that the president should be impeached
because they had all the witnesses they
wanted all the evidence they wanted and
they're sure they have everything they
need so why do they need more witnesses
in the Senate why are the Democrats even
asking for it they've already made the
case not only that they made it they're
happy with it it's exactly what they
wanted to show that they believe that
all the evidence that they thought was
worth showing and you know in the house
it's
so remind me again why they need more
witnesses because they think they're
done and if they think they're done and
they've shown all that they need to show
and the Republicans are not interested
in seeing more either because they think
it's done as well remind me which side
wants the witnesses because both sides
say they don't need any both sides say
they don't need any and yet they're
arguing about whether they should have
them the whole thing is just theater
it's just she impeachment theater all
right now are you mad is the the moment
you hear it framed that way you say to
yourself oh oh yeah that's kind of all
you need to know if they wanted more
witnesses they would have called them
nothing new happened in the last week
they didn't find some new information in
the past week all right so it appears
that we have reached the the
entertainment phase of the Sham page
meant and I made the following tweet
this morning that I'm going to stand by
and let's call it a prediction and it
goes like this that President Trump will
change what impeachment means far more
than impeachment will change what we
think of the presidency because he's a
unique character let me give you an
example did the presidency change
President Trump or did President Trump
change what the presidency was yeah
Trump changed the presidency we now
understand a whole different range of
actions and options and strategies and
just his entire approach has changed
what the presidency means he he tweets
instead of using when he called the
press briefings etc he's changed
everything so instead of the presidency
changing the candidate which is the
normal way it goes
he changed
office did you see him do the same thing
to the entire Republican Party when
President Trump was running to be the
nominee for the Republican Party what
did everybody including Republicans say
they said you're not even a Republican
you're barely a Republican you're so non
Republican it doesn't even make sense
that you're running to be the leader of
the party that you have nothing in
common with what do you say now
95 percent approval within the
republican party and everybody smart
says the same thing it's his party now
he changed the Republican Party into a
drum party now I've may change back when
he's gone but you you see this over and
over again in in every situation the
president was not simply the subject of
the news reporting on him right that's
the way every other president was every
other president was Here I am and then
here's the news and the news is gonna
report on me and that's the whole
relationship he changed everything he
turned it into fake news and he started
reporting on the news think about that
he changed the news business so
radically that it was no longer than
news reporting on Trump it was just as
much Trump reporting on the news and
essentially deal agenda mised the entire
industry now in my opinion it needed to
be diligent amazed because that was
actually the more accurate way to to see
what was really happening but he did
that could another president have D
legitimize the entire press I don't
think so so every time that the
president enters a situation whether
it's becoming a Republican whether it's
becoming the president or now whether
he's becoming one of the few impeached
president's impeachment is not going to
change him he he is right now even as we
speak
changing what the word means he's
changing impeachment
here's here's one of the ways that this
all fits together what the president
understands and I said this a million
times is he he knows how to put on a
show for the country for the world it's
always a show now the show is productive
meaning that he's putting your attention
where it's most productively you know
put you know he's making you think about
border security he's making you think
about trade with China so the show is to
move your attention where your attention
is most productively suited so so he's
doing this all the time so part of the
show is who he is so he's a character
the main character the most important
character in the show but what is his
character his character is the bad boy
am i right wouldn't you say if you were
if you were writing the movie about this
and you were just a dispassionate
Hollywood film writer and you were gonna
write the story of this you know you
always have sort of a a stereotype idea
in your mind of who your character is
the stereotype is that he's the heel the
bad boy he's the bully he is that he's
the the rebel they he's he's the rule
breaker right that's who he is that's
his character now what fits the rule
breaker better than being impeached and
continuing to do his job
nothing there's almost nothing that
could make president Trump's his story
better better than getting impeached and
staying in office now being removed from
office would obviously be bad
unambiguously but staying in office
while impeached is exactly on character
and what I say character I don't mean
his actual human being character so much
I mean the character he plays in in the
in the show so I think the Democrats are
delivering to him
basically a metal that he's gonna wear
on his chest during the rest of the show
meaning the rest of his term and that
metal on his chest is completely
compatible with the character he formed
intentionally to give you a show
it's very much like you know don't throw
me in that briar patch
oh no don't impeach me that's the worst
thing that could ever happen to me well
it's the worst thing that could happen
to someone else it just isn't the worst
thing that could happen to this specific
president in this specific case for him
he's gonna wear it like a badge he's
gonna use it like a club to beat the
Democrats senseless for the next year
now I'm not going to say that somebody
saying 40 chest you know we we have fun
over subscribing his his luck as you
know strategy and I do that too
I usually I like to think that you know
what I'm doing it for fun because
sometimes I'll attribute something that
sort of happened at luck I'll say well
that was his 40 you know chess stuff
some of us just luck you know people get
lucky but I do believe that his
strategic sense is it was extraordinary
but this is just a case of him being in
the right place at the right time they
just delivered to him a win that they
didn't know they were doing I don't
think that was a plan by the president
certainly and what's making it even
better
and when I say better I mean again the
show to make the entertainment of the
show
maxximum here's a tweet by Adam Schiff
and I swear you if you were to read this
without knowing the whole context of
everything that's happened you would be
so confused
let me just read the tweet so Adam
Schiff tweets this is why we had to move
forward with articles of impeachment
okay so he's going to tell me why we
have to move forward with the articles
impeachment here comes the threat
okay okay the threat tell me more
which threat the plot goes on
okay okay Adam the plot and the threat
are persisting all right what is it what
is the plot what is the threat and your
point is here is career comes and
Trump's effort to cheat in the next
election what what the next election
Trump's effort to achieved in the next
election will never stop the president
and his lawyer continued to make the
case for his own removal
well that's lacking a little bit of
detail how are the president and his
lawyer making the case for his own
removal by looking for evidence that
would confirm that everything the
president did was a good idea okay but
here's the the chilling line it was the
one I just read the Trump's effort to
cheat in the next election will never
stop literally talking about future
crimes that haven't happened mental
crimes imaginary crimes hallucinate 'add
speculative hypothetical crimes
are you kidding me some somebody John in
the comments says wow it's like
listening to someone describe their
dream it really is this if you were to
say all right let's let's turn this into
a movie and there's going to be a plot
in the movie a place in the movie where
the the the evil nemesis you know Adam
Schiff playing the role of the evil
nemesis there's gonna be a part in a
movie where he just becomes a ridiculous
character and the things he said are
laughable even to his own team well this
would be it they've actually given up on
finding past or current crimes I'm not
making that up he's actually decided to
fight and you've heard you've heard the
other Democrats say something similar
it's not just shift saying this they've
actually I guess they've coordinated
they've coordinated to have the similar
message that the real problem is not
what he's already done or doing that the
real problem is that he might commit
crimes in the future because he's that
kind of guy
are you kidding me that is so far from
what our system recognizes as a problem
that it doesn't even look like it's
serious when I read this I I swear the
difference between this and parody it's
completely merged right if I if I were
to do a like a joke about how ridiculous
the Constitution had gotten and I did a
joke let's say in the Dilbert comic
about how people were gonna be punished
for things they had not yet done what
would you think of that you think no
that Scott you can't write a comic about
somebody getting punished for crimes
they have not yet done because that
doesn't sound close enough to reality
though people will you know get it
because comics and humor works best when
people say oh yeah that's that's what
happens yeah I've been in that situation
that's when jokes work well who has ever
been in the situation where a leader one
of the leaders in the house is saying in
public shamelessly in public that he
wants to remove a president for what he
might do in the future that's actually
happening right now like we're living in
the world I think yeah unless it's all
an illusion it feels like we're living
in a world where this is actually
happening he's actually saying remove
the president because there's something
he might do in the future and by the way
we just spent years looking for his
crimes in the past and we couldn't find
anything in P chable obviously since
they don't have anything at P chable at
this point um unbelievable
Hugh Hewitt sum this off would up with a
tweet today I think he nailed it and he
said quote today today maybe peak TDS
meaning Trump derangement syndrome
starting off that way more than half of
the country is laughing at the afflicted
but they are oblivious their their
Twitter feeds reassure them that it is a
crucial sign of
canonization so that is exactly how I
see my version of reality now remember I
think reality has a deep subjective
quality even if there's some objective
reality that's unavailable to us but in
my subjective reality it looks like half
of the country is suffering as Hugh
Hewitt says peak TDS because when you
start shamelessly saying that the real
problem is not what the person has done
but what you imagined they could do in
the future that's no longer attached to
the real world right that is no longer
attached to rationality the Constitution
it's not attached to anything
it is completely free-floating you have
this free-floating reality with no
connection to any any part of the world
that I can observe and so just as Hugh
is saying I woke up and started reading
the news and let me ask you if you did
as well I read the news as comedy today
and I've been doing this for a while but
today is I felt exactly like you he
would felt I and I don't know how much
is coincidence and how much is the
sneeze I think there are few more
sneezes coming so bear with me so I feel
exactly the way Hewitt Hugh Hewitt
explained it although I didn't you know
I had not crystallized it in my mind
this way but today feels like pure
comedy it feels like pure comedy thank
you everybody
why that's a good way to get a lot of
blessings this is sneeze on camera
so do the Democrats understand do you
think there's anybody who's a Democrat
who is waking up to what's actually
happening today because if you're a
Democrat you should be waking up to the
realization and I have no optimism this
is actually happening but you should be
waking up to the realization that your
team just devolved into pure silliness
but probably that's not going to happen
all right so it looks like we are gonna
get something like a Senate trial with
no witnesses the way Mitch McConnell
explained it and I can't believe it took
me this long to hear this explanation
I believe that McConnell's
interpretation of the Constitution is
that the Senate is just supposed to
judge the impeachment they're not
supposed to retry the case because the
case was tried in the house so
McConnell's saying it's not even our job
to retry the case that's not even our
constitutional duty we're supposed to
judge it so we can we can just vote on
it we don't need to have witnesses and I
thought to myself why am I just hearing
that interpretation I mean I love the
fact that we're getting educated on the
the nuances of the Constitution because
that's not something I knew before I
didn't quite understand the nuance of
that I think the Trump is changing the
definition of impeachment into a modern
definition I just tweeted before I got
on here the new definition of
impeachment modern is a process by which
the party out of power shows the world
how they got that way happens most
commonly right before a landslide
re-election you've seen the polls turn
haven't you so you've seen the polls
just go you know they were sort of right
down the middle well maybe we want to
impeach him maybe we don't and suddenly
they just went boink and suddenly the
the impeachment is just underwater
especially in the swing states and
apparently the president's approval on
the economy has reached a new high today
how would you like to be the the poor
Democrats you're trying to push
impeachment at exactly the same time the
stats are coming out that that you have
the highest approval of the president's
handling of the economy since he came in
office and it's been pretty good the
whole time
I mean handling the economy is the one
thing that even the Democrats grudgingly
you know not by a majority but at least
grudgingly some Democrats would even say
well okay he gets that right he's not
ruining the economy I just don't like
this other stuff all right
there's not much else going on except
this impeachment it seems to have wiped
everything else off the what's happening
to the stock market somebody is somebody
saying stock market stock market let me
check well stock markets up a little bit
today in general it's been up way up now
the other problem that the Bitcoin is up
today too and Twitter Twitter's up so
one of the problems that the Democrats
have goes like this
and it's sort of a again it's just luck
what could be worse than trying to
impeach a successful president toward
the end of the year which is also the
end of the decade because there's
something that happens at the end of the
year that doesn't happen the rest of the
year do you know what it is what happens
at the end of every year that doesn't
happen too much or at all during most of
the rest of the year what happens is
that the press stops doing new news
because a lot of people are in vacation
last few weeks of the year and they
start doing summaries of how the year
went that's something you only do at the
end of the year
how do the summaries of how our year
went look for president Trump really
really good so the press because that's
what they do every every year they talk
about how the year looks so they're
gonna have to look at how did the
economy do this year how much Isis is
left over how many judges got appointed
how many you know what is the rate of
flow of immigration on you know how how
many trade deals have we done so imagine
imagine this conflict you are the enemy
press and you're trying to get rid of
this president and at the same time you
are forced by tradition and just
expectation and resources to some extent
you're forced to speak continuously
about how everything is going well on to
this president at the same time you're
talking about impeaching him it's gonna
be it's gonna be lit yeah Epstein who
somebody says you know I saw a replay of
somebody was you know you're seeing a
lot of the compilation clips in which
you see the Democrats saying the same
thing over and over and being wrong
about it for years and why am I
forgetting his name who was the the male
host of The Today Show Matt Lauer so in
the compilation clips of people talking
about the president I think it was about
impeachment is shown in battle hour and
I thought to myself has Matt Lauer not
been retired for ten years because my
sense of time is so distorted down but
in the in the Trump era that I thought
there was no way that Matt Lauer was
still working during any part of the the
Trump candidacy or or presidency and I
thought really but just my whole sense
of time was completely distorted
all right I don't know what else we got
going on because there's nothing else to
talk about except impeachment and we're
beating that to death is there anything
else happening oh so it looks like the
budget the next budget is going to
include many millions for researching
gun control researching gun control now
that's almost where we need to be I
think we do need to research gun control
to find out better do you get a much
better idea what works and what doesn't
but shouldn't we also be testing some
things can we not find you know a state
or a county who wants to just do a
five-year test and say alright we'll
make this change or that change at the
end of five years we'll reverse it if it
didn't work but let's just test it let's
test a few things see if it works I
asked in Twitter would it be legal under
the current laws to put a rifle on a on
a drone if you owned the drone and you
owned the rifle can you put your own
rifle that you legally own on your own
drone that you legally own and make a
flying gun if it didn't leave your
property let's say yeah maybe it would
be illegal to fly it over your
neighbor's property let's say you were
flying a if you had a flying gun and you
were a farmer could you have a flying
gun on your own property and the answer
is no apparently there our laws
anticipated that and if you're flying
you can't have any kind of a weapon
basically but what that does is it makes
me ask this questions is that not a form
of gun control it is right it's gun
control to tell you that your gun can't
fly if I have the right to have a gun
why do I not all also have the right to
a flying gun now before somebody says
this it makes this bad point I know it's
illegal to hook up an unattended booby
trap in your home
so if you if you booby trap your front
door with a gun
so there's somebody opens that the gun
will automatically shoots them well
that's illegal because you've taken the
human being out of the decision process
and apparently that's a bad thing but
with the drone that you've attached a
gun to you can still be the decision
maker the drone is not making its own
decisions
you're the waters gonna have to push the
button to shoot the gun under those
conditions why can we not have a flying
gun because the Constitution does not
anticipate you know future designs of
guns and if my gun can fly your gun
can't I have an advantage right so I'm
imagining that my flying gun my drone
with the rifle attached to it is flying
let's say somewhere over me and then I
can see the the whole field and I can
see everybody and if somebody's coming
at me maybe I can you know shoot some
warning shots or something like but you
could imagine that a flying gun would be
a better gun and now you might say to
yourself okay Scott that's sort of where
I draw the line because even if you're
in favor of guns maybe you're not so in
favor of flying guns flying guns might
be more of a problem
but I think it's fair to say that gun
control works in that limited case let's
see if you agree would you agree there
having a law that says you can't put
your own gun on your own drone don't you
think that there's a good chance that
that law will be mostly obeyed because
it would be hard it would be hard for
you to to rig it up not impossible you
know do it yourself or it could do it
yeah I mean hackers could do it but
don't you think that it would be far
more widespread if if a company could
just make it and sell it you know
because there won't be that many people
who want to attach a gun to a drone now
let's say you you think that you need to
protect the Republic against a dictator
rising and trying to take over the
country
under that scenario wouldn't you like to
have a flying gun yes you would because
the flying gun would be more more
powerful than a non flying gun all right
can us Joe and Kerry North Korean stick
I don't know what that means
Narwhal tusks on drones yes if you put
it a narwhal tusks on a drone is that
legal
can you use your your drone as a stabby
device to just like fly right ask
somebody with your narwhal tusks rule of
holes you immediately get yourself in a
hole when talking guns stop digging
problem solved blocked it's a that's my
new rule for blocking you can always
tell me what I got wrong that will
always be fair but if you tell me I'm
over my head or I'm digging a hole or I
shouldn't talk about a topic instantly
blocked because that's what the Internet
is is people who don't know what they're
talking about talking Oh
Trump's letter yeah I was talking about
Trump's letter to Nancy Pelosi well I
loved the letter B just because it was
classic Trump and it was insulting and
it didn't mention her teeth falling out
but it could have I don't think the
letter has much impact it was sort of a
little bit of a news news interest but
it didn't it wasn't persuasive doesn't
change anything really it's a nothing
now let me ask you this will we ever get
to the point where where law enforcement
cannot determine who is operating a
drone where are we already there are we
already a point well let me ask you this
imagine if you will an anonymous
encrypted system where you could have
multi
pull drone operators at least in this
limited sense let's say the drone goes
up and it hunts down let's say a cartel
leader and there are lots of people
remotely and they can all see the drums
scream and everybody who sees the drones
scream gets the vote shoot or don't
shoot if you vote shoot you're just one
of many people voting and you have no
reason to believe that your one vote is
the one that makes the difference and
it's also untraceable nobody will know
if you voted or you didn't vote under
those conditions could you have an
assassination drone with a rifle in
which you can't identify any specific
person who is behind it because maybe
there's somebody who built it but I
don't think that's necessarily against
the law well it is if you put a gun on
it but I'm trying to imagine a situation
in which you could have an assassination
drone in which you would never be able
to find out if there were which human in
particular was behind it probably
already there probably can already do
that all right I don't have anything
else to do anything else to talk about
so I'm gonna make it short and I'll let
you get back to your day and we'll watch
the proceedings and I can't wait for the
impeachment talk to you later