bump bump bump bump bump bump um I think
you know the words sing along pum pum
pum pum pum pum the best thing about the
words they can be in any order you want
they can be louder they can be quieter
but come in here and it's time to share
but simultaneous sip a simultaneous sip
usually the first time I talk in the
morning is to you and it doesn't always
go so well first few sentences they
sound like I'm sorry shag mutators yep
but after a while and after I have my
simultaneous up
I can speak properly shall we oh yeah
that's good how many of you saw my
interview with Laura Trump that the
president shared on Facebook yesterday
so if you haven't seen it you can see it
in my Twitter feed or you can go to
president Trump's Facebook page and
you'll see my interview with large hump
but while I'm talking about that and
everybody's coming in so in this chess
game that we've all been observing about
the border it feels like we've got a
king and a queen you already know which
which player is the king and which is
the queen figuratively speaking talking
about the sides and both of them are
using the pawns sacrificing the pawns
now how many of you saw as a secretary
Neilson is that the right title Homeland
Security and she did a oppressor and
answered some questions and I had I had
a number of if
haven't seen it the the the Nielsen
response where she explained the border
situation and then took some questions
it was really good entertainment I'm not
sure if it was in a good way but it was
hard to look away I'll tell you some of
the things that I came away with from
that one Nielsen yeah you know you're
you're seeing you're seeing very
different opinions on Nielsen's
performance some say it was amazing some
say it wasn't but this is just your
standard to movies situation I'll tell
you what I saw
Wow is she smart I don't know if I don't
know if you had the same response but
she had a total command of the details
seemed to have completely mastered the
situation seemed like she knew every
part of it was in control I would say
impressive you know just as a human
being
she was really impressive but that said
boy did she get mad she was mad now I
like that too but it was a little harder
to watch because I liked how mad she was
because she was mad at the you know
probably some combination of this the
situation and the the questions that
were being asked were were maddening one
of the questions being asked was I think
was a CBS who asked why isn't this child
abuse why isn't it child abuse what the
hell kind of do you still beat your
spouse question is that now
what would have been a fair question
would be there's a child and something
happened to that child you know what are
you going to do about that or you know
are you okay with that that sort of
thing but as soon as you label it child
abuse and and challenge her to describe
why it isn't
she was smart enough not to take the
bait so she didn't answer the question
directly which would have been a huge
mistake so again she took the right path
but wow that that was some prickly
prickly thorny territory that she was
navigating now if you're if you're
judging her performance you couldn't
have two I think put it in context not
many people could have gotten through
that situation I mean put anybody in
that situation and they're they're just
gonna go down like that the Titanic I
think she survived it which was probably
the the best you could do in that
situation it was so that was a tough
tough situation but here's I was also
trying to understand this situation and
did you understand it for those of you
who watched Nielsen's
I don't know why you'd call it speech /
press conference how many of you
understood it when she was done because
I kept my feeling the whole way through
would be she would explain something I'd
say okay I didn't know that that's good
to know
alright I'm putting the pieces together
Oh finally I'm starting to understand
this but the whole time when I thought I
was understanding it I was also
generating as many questions at the same
time as I was getting understanding and
something like there was some kind of
change or Court Court change or
something that caused us to us meaning
the United States to have to get tougher
on immigration and to go to zero go to
zero tolerance because the alternative
had given this complicated set of other
things was to just be let anybody in who
wanted to come in with a kid and they
just go free that was my understanding
that the only alternative was something
very close to an open border and that
something had changed but I didn't quite
understand what the Ninth Circuit 9/9 er
costs as somebody says but I didn't
quite understand what that change was so
it didn't quite in the end I still sat
there saying I don't know I don't know
how to explain this if somebody asked me
why did they go to zero tolerance I just
wouldn't have a great answer to that
based on Nielsen's explanation only
because it was complicated and newer
parts I would have needed to ask
questions now but here's something I did
get out of it see if you have the same
impression we have a situation where
there are two bad choices right there
there's no good choices my understanding
is we don't have a good choice and a bad
choice we have two bad choices is
everybody with me on that that there are
only two bad choices right well let me
see if we're at least on the same page
right there are just two bad choices so
that the the anti-trump errs have been
getting away with saying that they chose
a bad choice and and the people making
the bad choice are saying we know we
know we know it's a bad choice the other
choice is worse and that never works
because then they just say well can you
defend all of your child abusing and and
and then you're just off the rails right
so as long as you have a - bad choices
the critics can you know they have
infinite ammunition because they'll just
talk about your bad choice even though
the other one might have been worse now
here's the here is the here's the let's
say then the depths to which the anti
jumpers will
they've actually cited with child
trafficking in order to be on the other
side from the president
they've taken a firm stand in favor of
child trafficking I'm not exaggerating
am i because there are only two choices
under the more child trafficking or more
kids in cages crying am I wrong now I
could be wrong right because this is a
this is a gigantic you know
situation where everybody involved is
lying and shading and leaving out part
of the story and and you know she aiding
it but that's what I see I might be
wrong but I think you only have a choice
between more child trafficking or more
children in cages crying which do you
choose
I take children crying in cages children
crying in cages sign me up for that one
because the alternative is to be on the
child trafficking side I'm not am I
wrong it doesn't boil down to those two
sides now these these are the things
that everybody's saying I'm just putting
it in the you know the two choices
because I think the the administration
has made the mistake of trying to paint
what they're doing as good because
that's what one does right you don't say
you don't say what we're doing is bad
you say well what we're doing is good
but you can't make the case because
there was no good in this situation
there was no good choice nobody wants a
kid the frickin cage nobody nobody wants
to separate parents and children so
they're trying to defend a losing
position there were only two losing
positions and those were the only
choices
do you favor kids and cages crying or do
you favor of a big increase in child
trafficking no other choices
somebody said Scott you're wrong
well wrong in what way because my
understanding is if we went back to the
other way of doing it the the Obama way
we would experience more of what we've
recently experienced which is a 300
something percent increase in people
coming with kids that may or may not be
their kids now there is a statistic that
I don't know and maybe you do somebody
can help me on this for every hundred
kids that come over in this situation
the ones who do not go through a port of
entry but they try to get asylum and
they're coming in through the the
situation that is causing the kids in
cages what percentage of them do we
ultimately figure out are actually
related to the parents have you as
anybody seen that statistic because what
I don't know is are 95 percent of them
actually with their actual parents or
are half of them just child trafficking
you know kind of situation has anybody
seen that statistic I haven't seen a
statistic on that and I would think that
that's a pretty important point now I
saw I saw secretary Nielsen I think it
was her say that that that if you don't
like the current Trump zero-tolerance
that because of the problems with the
law the only other alternative is open
borders did you hear that
so Nielsen was saying we only have one
other choice and it's open borders
persuasion fail fail
alright here's what she tried to sell
right here's why she was trying to sell
kids and cages separated from their
parents crying that's one alternative
that's the one they've picked versus
open borders open borders open borders
or shall I say it this way open borders
that feels good I like the feeling of
that it's open there's no restrictions
open borders ah
versus what was the other alternatives
kids engages trying ripped from their
parents ah I hate that one I hate that
one tell me again what's the alternative
open borders I like openness now the
whole point of open borders is what was
that Nielson was trying to paint open
borders as being a kind of a Holocaust
well let's do much kind of a disaster
situation but if you've got to call
something a disaster don't call it open
borders I love open borders it sounds
like a positive do you know what doesn't
sound like a positive kids and cages are
ripped from their parents arms this baby
couldn't even nurse it's crying it's
it's this baby is is being you know
permanently damaged or or open borders
aa terrible persuasion fail fail fail
fail how about this Joyce kids in cages
temporarily crying we don't like it
compared to child trafficking why did we
put them in the cages to keep them safe
because the alternative is child
trafficking
that's a little bit better all right
if you tried to if you're trying to sell
these you know which is the less worse
situation less worse there's less child
trafficking more kids in cages
crying how many of you that I I've made
it a point not to listen to the there's
an audio of kids crying or a kid I don't
know how many kids crying at one of the
facilities how many of you listen to
that well I take a sip somebody says I'm
the one failing on persuasion this
morning I welcome you to tell me why
because you know I started out by saying
I started out by saying that the
situation is sufficiently complicated
that I really know what's going on here
I think I sort of almost do but I'm not
sure I do
so if somebody has something factual
that they would like to correct me on
I'm open to that I think I've been
corrected quite a few times on this
topic already and I welcome that because
I would actually like to understand the
topic I hear alright yeah
here's why I'm probably not going to
listen to it if I can avoid it
I'm talking about the audio of kids
crying because it's just manipulative
it's just manipulative that's all it is
because have you ever been around a
child children cry and and that will go
frickin nuts if you you know if they
can't find their teddy bear or whatever
kids cry like it's the end of the world
for a lot of different things if you put
a bunch of kids in any one area you're
gonna get a crier somebody's going to
fall down and scrape a knee and it's
gonna sound like yes
like they care somebody saying so I
choose not to listen to it because it
would bias me but I know that it
wouldn't tell me
it wouldn't tell me something you know
that was useful in this this case do you
even have children I've had stepchildren
so I've been around a lot of crying
children yes what about parents tossing
their kids away I don't know what you're
talking about
five of six kids don't arrive with
parents yeah yeah I thought so secretary
Nielsen did point out angrily that's
something like 10,000 and of the 12,000
kids were on an unaccompanied minors but
it was a weak point because people
weren't complaining about that people
were not complaining about kids who came
without parents of course you have to
detain them or hold them in some way so
she made a strong point on the point
that wasn't the main point it was useful
background it was good context but
nobody was talking about that group they
were talking about the group who came
with something that looked like a parent
you enjoy it not see so the the people
are in chart prefer child trafficking
are coming in to give me some hard time
if anybody who called that explains it
no children not see so somebody is
calling me a Nazi because I've said the
choices are between children and cages
crying temporarily and child trafficking
so the pro child trafficking people have
come in to give me a hard time only two
choices
no one ever talks about how long they're
at the facility I thought people talk
about that all the time
so does it matter somebody saying does
it matter if people are not talking
about the trafficking well it's crazy
not to frame the story the way you
actually see it in this case framing as
do you prefer child trafficking or do
you prefer certain kids in cages crying
for a little while that's a that's a
valid isn't that valid by the way that
is exactly why we're putting him in the
cages right the the the other situations
are that a and I think it's probably a
mistake to talk about the laundry list
of reasons it's like well under this
situation we wouldn't separate that man
under this situation we wouldn't but
under this situation we would but under
this situation we wouldn't
however under this situation we might
but we wouldn't we would everybody gets
lost and all that it kind of comes down
to which do you choose of these two bad
bad alternatives
all right just looking at your yeah so
let's talk about the space force oh I
was getting worried about not rationally
but you know sometimes you worry about
things that are not rational I was
getting worried about you know China
coming to dominate you know the the seas
around China you know the South China
Sea and all that I thought well is that
bad that they're military you know scope
of control
increases I don't know they want to do
they want to dominate the world is that
going to be bad for us in a variety of
ways and it might be you know you don't
know and then instead of defending the
sea which would be hard because they
have the homecourt advantage over there
Trump decided to dominate space and you
know if you had a choice of dominating
the ocean or dominating the space above
it which would have greater military
value well you know I sort of I guess it
depends you know if you're trying to do
something very local or if you're trying
to win a war but if you're trying to win
a war space is a pretty good place to
don't however I don't know this space
makes any difference does it make any
difference at all if you own space if if
you're going up against nuclear powers
you know I would think that once you
have nuclear weapons everything else you
do is a little irrelevant if you're
trying to defend against another nuclear
power but I don't know I'm open to an
argument on this at the high ground yeah
I'm open to an argument that a space
force is a good idea or a bad idea
I haven't really heard that heard the
thinking on that oil-gas mining
yeah you know in the long term it is of
course necessary so that and I say the
long term of humanity it is of course
necessary to tap the resources of space
if only because the economics of it is
impossible now but will soon be good so
I don't have a real opinion on that I
didn't think I didn't think the
spaceforce idea was much of a
distraction some people said well is it
a coincidence the president Trump
announces the spaceforce thing at the
same time he's trying to distract from
the immigration thing and I think that
doesn't really sound like his normal
play it is normal that he would try to
distract from a bad topic to a good
topic but the spaceforce just isn't that
I don't know it just doesn't capture the
imagination the way the immigration
thing is it's it's not really a good
counter to to the topic on the table so
I doubt he did it with the intention
that this was all this will take all the
attention away from the border because
it wouldn't he tweeted about immigration
this morning yeah all right
[Music]
just look at your comments I don't have
much else to say so I think I'm gonna
sign off is there any other topic today
it seems like the topic has just come
down to the border and you know are you
in favor of war child trafficking or
more children in cages prime space
immigration how do I like Michael
malleus it was great we had a great
conversation you should listen to the
Michael MELAS conversation just Google
Michael malleus and my name and it'll
pop up I hope you like it
alright that's all I got I'm going to go
do something else for today and I will
talk to you later