[Music]
hey everybody come on in here I'm a
little slow
today I don't know what's gotting what's
getting into me I've been I've been
sleeping
lately but you know what time it is yeah
it's time for coffee was Scott Adams I
am Scott
Adams you probably are ready and if
you're not you've got a few seconds to
get there grab your mug your glass your
thermos your Stein your tanker fill in
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the simultaneous
sip ah so sweet so
sweet well did everybody see the
president's tweet about uh Joe
Biden it's another terrific meme not
sure if we're supposed to know who the
mem maker is or not so I'm not going to
say anything about that but
uh remember when people said we can't
let president Trump
normalize this or that behavior and he
would say outrageous things that that
politicians are not supposed to say and
people would say don't normalize that we
can't get used to this kind of behavior
and when I saw him tweet the hilarious
meme of Joe Biden giving his sort of
explanation speech about all of his
touchiness and in the meme you could see
another Joe Biden come up behind that
Joe Biden and put his hands on his
shoulders and sniff his hair it's like
the funniest thing
and and I'm thinking to
myself it feels totally
normal so the president of the United
States tweets this Dre mocking Joe
Biden and I looked at it and I thought I
don't know I'm used to this I mean I
loved it so it was still
funny but uh yeah it was carp dunam I
think everybody knows that made the the
meme
um and I thought to myself totally
normal and and in fact someday we'll
have a president who is not Donald Trump
it's going to be so freaking
boring I don't know if I'm even going to
follow politics after Trump cuz I've
never really been that interested before
I went through eight years of Obama I
didn't even watch the political news I
mean I just completely didn't care it
was not
entertaining things have changed so hope
we get a few more years of entertainment
all right let's talk about uh Pete
budhaji who because his his uh
I I guess his Fame and uh importance in
the race are rising so he's going to
start getting harder attacks uh one of
the clever gotcha questions was somebody
asked him apparently in the past he had
said in public in response to somebody
asking do you think all black lives
matter he had fallen into the trap at
some point in the past he said thinking
it was a good answer all lives matter
only to learn later that all lives
matter is a trap that makes you look
like a racist that's right if you say
everybody is equally important you're a
racist according to the rules that I
didn't make these are the rules made by
the whoever I guess whoever says black
lives matter the same same people say
that if you respond with all lives
matter you are diminishing the original
point that black lives matter which
indirectly means you must be a racist so
Pete bu Gigi ends up saying he he
regrets
it so what you're seeing here is a
pattern now I'm I'm not I'm completely
uninterested in the question of you know
what lives matter and whether that's an
insult anybody or not that's just
boring I am interested in the fact that
from now until election day people are
going to be hounding democrats for
apologies for everything and the older
you are you know whoever gets into the
race if if you're an older politician
let's say Bernie or Biden you probably
are going to have more things to
apologize for so uh I think the
Democrats are eating themselves with the
apology TS and when they're done the de
the Republicans will be happy to keep
eating them by continuing to make them
apology
apologize which is
hilarious CU if you're
well let me put it this way if you have
the bad luck to be running for president
against a sitting president well yeah
I'm sorry because running against a
sitting
president sometimes
works if you're if you're sort of a weak
feeling president such as Bush senior it
might work if you're Jimmy Carter
running against you after your first
term it might work
but running after president Trump
running against him when he's got a one
term under his belt that term might have
produced the strongest economy and the
safest country of all
time and he's famous for not apologizing
it's like his brand not apologizing
that's my brand and you're going to run
against that guy that guy of all the
people in the world you're going to run
against a you know a second term guy
running for a second term with the
strongest economy the strongest military
the safest country in the history of
countries and he's famous for not
apologizing and you're going to bring
your weak little apology game against
that good luck good luck all
right so there was a hilarious
quote uh that I think is probably going
to get me in
trouble oh somebody asked what is the
slaughter meter the slaughter meter is
at
50% because the president gets an F for
health care and he gets an F for climate
change now I know half of you just no
maybe 90% of you just said what what he
doesn't get an F for climate change
because climate change isn't even
real
wrong half of the country thinks it's
real which is the important part he's a
politician he's he's the leader of the
country half or more not more than half
right more like I don't know what the
percentage is but more than half think
is real and think it's the end of the
world you don't really ignore that
especially when you have Generation 4
nuclear as a clear path um or even solar
you could you could go crazy with solar
and you would be producing good stuff
without hurting the economy
so to have a clear path that would deal
with climate change and it would also be
the same path even if climate change
isn't a
problem cheaper energy um less
dependence on other countries these are
these are obvious paths and the fact
that the administration is not pushing
this obvious path whether or not climate
change is the giant problem that a lot
of people are saying doesn't matter it's
the same path if you're not if you're
not helping the country down the only
path the only path that makes
sense that's enough it's it's not like
there were multiple paths and I think
one path is good somebody thinks another
path is good well it's hard to know
who's right if you only have one path
and you're not going down it that's an F
so president gets an F failing grade for
climate even if it's not a risk
political as an F Health
Care where is the president's health
care
plan doesn't exist he's punting it to
2020 that's an F that's a failing grade
so the slaughter meter is at 50% it's a
tossup I don't think he can
necessarily he's definitely not going to
win in the landslide if he doesn't fix
those two things but here's the good
news both fixable they're both fixable
you know he could at least have a plan
that he can talk about for after the
election so that's fixable and he's got
enough time to do it and and getting on
the right path for Generation 4 nuclear
surprisingly that the administration is
actually doing the right things but for
reasons that baffle me and maybe it's
purely political maybe they don't know
how to talk about nuclear without
getting in trouble for whatever reason
they're not packaging them up as
accomplishments they're actual real
accomplishments I've never seen it
in tell me if you think this is not a
true statement I've never seen an
Administration have a higher ratio of
actually doing useful things and not
bragging about it and and of all of all
administrations the Trump Administration
you'd expect to be the braggestfall
Rick Perry is apparently doing a bunch
of good stuff with nuclear he's he's set
up that rapid testing for nuclear fuel
for the new
technologies um apparently he's done
something to push for the carbon sequest
the carbon filtering stuff where they
can suck the carbon out of the air he's
he's worked on that somehow so they've
done things that are actually exactly
the right things to do and you wouldn't
even know about them except for the
press release that comes out of the
energy Department like what the
president doesn't even talk about this
stuff so that's failing grade on that
but easy to fix all right so I did a
tweet yesterday that I'm so proud of I'm
not always proud of my tweets but this
one I'm very proud of and I'm going to
read you the Tweet so this is from me I
tweeted it yesterday and I said 97% of
climate scientists win wink wink wink
all right so 97% of climate scientists
agree that Generation 4 nuclear power
that is safe from meltdown and eats
nuclear waste from older reactors for
energy is the only way to combat climate
change in time and at the needed
scale that's right I said that 97% of
climate scientists want nuclear
power what did people say when they saw
that tweet well most people knew what I
was
doing they knew what I was doing and
they liked
it but some people
said where'd you get that
statistic where'd you get that I'm not
so sure I believe that
statistic now if you've been following
my persuasion lessons for the last
couple of years you know that because
it's 97% and obviously designed to match
the 97% of climate scientists who say um
uh that climate change is manade and and
problematic so I it was it's
intentionally matching that
number is it
real well here's the funny thing it
might be
low I don't know what the real number
would be but it might be low and here's
what I mean if you were to actually go
to climate scientists and you were to
say
you know here are all our options let's
say you believe that you've got this
problem coming all here are all the
things we could do and I'm going to
explain to you Generation 4 nuclear and
what the potential is what what you how
low the risk is ETC now what do you do
do you let the the planet die
or do you agree that this is an obvious
path we should be
on I actually think that 97% of climate
scientists would actually say yes now
you might have to explain to them
something that's outside their field if
they're not up to dat on nuclear
developments they might
say they might say no you know nuclear
is risky but then you would just say
well let me explain to you why you know
maybe you're not up to date on this and
after they heard the explanation I
actually think they would all say
yeah
so the the magic of the Tweet is that it
makes people
disagree so if some let's say somebody
um is a climate change alarmist type and
they see that 97% the first thing
they're going to say is that's BS that's
BS I don't believe that and that's what
I want them to
say because in the process of debunking
it which I am inviting people to do of
course that's the whole point of it in
the process of getting people to think
about it focus on it and bunk it they
will be educating
themselves on Generation 4 nuclear
possibilities that's all I want I just
want them to focus on it I want them to
get a little mad I want them to be
skeptical where that number came from I
want them to doubt it I want them to dig
into it to prove me wrong and then I
want them to become
educated because it go it might it might
be 100% not 97% all
right um smart people people are
debating
me mostly online and sometimes offline
saying that the real solution is solar
and that the only way to get to uh a
good situation quickly quick enough is
the same argument I'm saying for
generation for nuclear the stuff that's
safe from meltdown and uses nuclear fuel
for or nuclear waste for fuel other
people are saying the same argument
except they're saying it for solar uh
solar is the only thing we could ramp up
quickly enough we we basically know how
to do it uh we you know we could just
start you know just putting these things
out there as fast as possible and that's
the only way we could do something fast
enough to make a difference to climate
change and the people are saying this
are smart serious people who have looked
into
it but I ask you this I have not looked
into it so I'm not an expert on solar
I'm not an expert on
nuclear but here's what I am an expert
on
 if there's one thing I know
it's
 uh for much of my corporate
life I spent time making uh Financial
projections you know what would this
technology do in this time what would it
cost to buy this technology will it pay
for itself that sort of thing so the two
the analyses that people are making
about solar and the ones that they're
making about
uh nuclear they both have one important
variable the most important variable in
both of those analyses which one's the
good one solar or nuclear what's the
most important variable in both of
them stuff we don't know is going to
happen
surprises they both require a
surprise they both require something to
happen faster than you think it ought to
or to discover let's say in the case of
B in the case of solar it sort of
requires developments in Battery
Technology that I don't believe are on
on the
table now we have lots of optimism that
we can figure out how to get to battery
storage that's economical and that could
be scaled I believe we have some ideas
you know may probably a lot of things in
the lab that look promising but we don't
know we don't know how to get enough
battery storage to make solar work so
that's just a big question mark can we
solve
that pretty good chance yeah I don't
know when and I don't know at What
economical you know level same with
generation for nuclear we have all the
basics you know we know the basic ideas
and we know a number of different ways
because Generation 4 is sort of an
umbrella there are a number of ways to
get to a safe economical thing we don't
know exactly which one's the most
promising it would require some
iteration so if you're comparing
nuclear to solar both of them being you
know how do you go crazy with them and
really get to the point where it takes
over the power
grid if you're telling me that there's
somebody who's smart enough to know
which of those two plans is economically
and environmentally the good one I will
tell you
that you're a person who's never done
that kind of analysis if you've ever
been involved in that kind of analysis
which I used to do for a living I don't
mean on those topics just on technology
in general you know that when you're
looking at 80 years and really I suppose
you'd be looking at 20 years with with
both of these because those that would
be the the key development times you you
can't estimate them you you really can't
anybody who tells you they know which
one of those is the good way to go is
just guessing
now
given that you can't really
know which one you should you put your
focus on so here's I'm going to ask an
economics question for you it's a world
of limited
resources and it's an let's say let's
say you believe it's an emergency we've
got to have one of these two
technologies which one do you go with uh
give me your answer in your comments
you're all economists now you're all in
charge and you know you can't tell which
one's going to be the good one you just
there just isn't any way to know but
they're both very promising which way do
you go why
nuclear all right there is one person
here who's been paying
attention some of you fell for the
Trap as Greg geld says you fell into the
prison of two ideas I trapped you I
intentionally made you think that
picking one of them or the other one was
somehow smart it's
not if we had a world where there was
only a little bit of money and if you
used that money for one of those you
didn't have any money left for the other
in that case you have to make a choice
which one would you pick I'd probably go
nuclear because it's my sense that
they're a little further along in how to
how a complete solution whereas solar I
don't know where they are battery wise
but that's probably just my ignorance
however we do not live in that
world the nuclear development for
Generation 4 as far as I know is not
being slowed down by a lack of money
there seems to be a lot of funding for
Generation 4 nuclear
projects so money doesn't seem to be
what's stopping them likewise for solar
companies like Google you know and
really anybody who likes the environment
and wants to wants to broadcast their
involvement with the with the
environment it's going to be easy to get
private Investments even massive private
Investments for big solar projects
because they're just so lovable so in a
world where Private Industry is
massively willing to invest in solar and
massively willing we can observe this we
don't have to guess they're doing it
right now massively willing to in invest
in generation 4 you don't have to
choose that's the beauty you don't have
to choose in fact it would be dumb not
to do both now somebody here had the
exact right answer which is do both of
them small that's always the way you
should be thinking you should say to
yourself wait a minute if I built you
know let's say a massive solar power
plant and it worked then I maybe I would
reproduce that and make you know 100 of
them but you don't have to wonder if a
hundred work if you have the funding
build one likewise with the generation 4
stuff there's several models or several
ways to go they need to iterate you
don't have to wonder which is the right
one build the best one you can see if it
has a problem see if you can do better
iterate all right so as long as you stay
small until you have your model worked
out you don't have to ask the question
which one is the one to go with
do both stay small use private money the
government should do a better job of
focusing on it and maybe removing
regulations where where it is necessary
so the government can do a big job of
focusing resources but mostly Private
Industry there are a few things that the
government probably is uniquely suited
for such as Rick Perry's project for the
testing of the different um uh nuclear
fuels
so we don't have to answer the question
which is the good one if there are smart
people willing to invest in both of them
and smart people who say this is the one
and other smart people say this is the
one you do both there's no question
about that now again if president Trump
said look we've got two promising ways
forward and two competing sets of ideas
I'm going to focus on both of them and
make sure that they both get as much
oxygen as they as they can do the best
they can and effectively compete against
each other for who has the best solution
that would be an A+ presidential
performance as opposed to the F that
he's at right
now all right this is just funny
changing
topics chares Theon everybody know
actress chares Theon if you know who she
is you also know that she's famous for
being uh attractive so she's a famous
and famously famously attractive actress
I believe that's still okay for me to
say in the era of me too in the year of
Joe
Biden um because that's her brand you
know that's those are the roles she gets
that's sort of her sort of what she's
famous for and she was interviewed
recently and she had this quote
apparently she's been single for 10
years she's been single for 10 years so
she's no longer dating uh Sean pen but
she was and somebody asked her about
that and she said quote I've been single
for 10 years it's not a long shot and
the context was having somebody date her
and get married is not a long shot
theren said of someone courting her
somebody just needs to grow a pair and
step up I'm shockingly available so
shockingly available is the way I
interpret it meaning for somebody who's
beautiful and has a good job it's
shocking that men are not stepping up
here's my
advice for Charlie's
Theon if you ever want a serious man to
be your
boyfriend don't say sentences like
this never say somebody just needs to
grow a pair and step
up if you were a single man would you
date somebody who ever use that sentence
I
wouldn't cuz there's something in that
sentence that tells you everything about
what it would be like to be with her and
I didn't like
it I didn't like it at
all um I mean if if your invitation if
your invitation for somebody to date you
is literally a sexual
insult something about your genitalia
not being being
sufficient you know we're
done we're done that's we don't need to
go to the second sentence chariss you
have disqualified yourself with your
first sentence you never even got to the
second sentence anyway that's my dating
advice right there
um I guess
uh what's his name Trey gouty was doing
a TV interview and he was making the
point that he thinks that Mueller punted
to bar on the question of of obstruction
because there was some ambiguity in in
what a president can and cannot do
legally so let me just read the
quote um so this is from Trey gy he says
so I so I think what meller was saying
is that we don't know the Department's
position on whether the president can
obstruct Justice or not in other words
talking about M the justice department I
guess so we don't know whether the
president can abstract Justice or not in
other words they don't even know can
that even be the
law um and then he said that's for you
to decide we're going to punt it to you
meaning punt it to bar and so the
question was the reason that Mueller did
not conclude whether the president had
obstructed or not is that it wasn't a
fact
question remember this is what I've been
telling you for a while it's not a fact
question it's a question that multiple
lawyers who are all good lawyers could
look at the same facts have no question
about the facts and say to themselves I
don't even know I can't even tell if
this is
illegal I in this special case because
it's a president acting within the
bounds of his legal
responsibilities I don't even know if
that could ever be called like we don't
know so bar being apparently the
smartest person in in the conversation
looked at the facts whatever the facts
are looked at the fact that the law is
unclear and then made the
only adult decision you could make if
the law can't even decide if it's
illegal as in this case if trained
lawyers don't know if it's illegal
that's the end of the
conversation that's the end of the
conversation if they don't even know if
it's illegal you don't need to go to the
the details you just say oh that is our
situation smart people can't even tell
if it's illegal that is the end of the
conversation nobody in this country at
that level I'm talking about the
president or anything that's in the news
especially might be a different standard
for poor people with bad lawyers let's
be honest if you have a bad lawyer
you're poor maybe you get screwed in
this situation but if you're the
president you can afford a lawyer you're
you're in the public eye we do not live
in a country nor will we ever where
somebody's going to get punished for
something that smart lawyers can't even
tell is illegal that can never happen in
our system it would just it would be a
violation of our such our core like
American values that you couldn't get
one person in a jury to go to go with
that cuz cuz the lawyer would say look
I'm a lawyer here are these other
lawyers we don't even know if this is
illegal you the juror let me ask you
this do you want to live in a world
where you could go to jail for something
that trained lawyers and even some
judges couldn't even tell was a
crime you you give me that jury you give
me what I just said I get zero people
voting for a conviction and they don't
even need to know that the facts of the
case are I'd say Let's ignore the facts
of the case
just just look at the fact that the
biggest experts in the country don't
even know if this is illegal they can't
even tell and they're looking at all the
facts there are no facts in dispute what
do you say
jury zero people in that jury vote
guilty zero every time there's no
question about this one this is like the
cleanest the cleanest legal situation
you'll ever see in your life is an
unclear
situation because the lack of clarity is
what makes you know exactly which which
way it has to go it can only go one way
let's talk about the
IRS so
apparently um old nads and the
dingleberries are continuing their
decades old uh uh attacks on Trump I
guess nadler's been after Trump since
way before Trump was even in politics
back in
Manhattan and they're going after his
taxes and the the total excuse
that they're using
is that they have oversight over the IRS
which is true they have the legal
ability to ask for the tax returns of
any citizen apparently and apparently
that's
true but the excuse that they're using
is that they're it's their oversight job
and they want to make sure that the IRS
is really doing its job with Trump's
taxes now here's the problem nobody in
the world on either side no lawyer
anywhere thinks that this is
legitimate they might think it's
technically legal and as far as I can
tell it is it looks like it's
technically
legal but there is nobody on either side
who thinks it's legitimate there's
nobody who thinks this is a proper use
of the system under those
conditions how what can we do what can
we predict will happen well
I don't know exactly if the president
can control
physically his uh tax returns meaning
that if there's somebody in charge who
has access to them who decides to give
them up I don't know if the president
can physically stop it but I can tell
you that the revolution I can tell you
that the president has good lawyers and
I can tell you that something that is so
overt ly
inappropriate it's a in overtly obvious
nobody's even trying to hide it
inappropriate use of the law as a
punishment tool and as an as a political
attack doesn't that have to go to the
Supreme
Court do you see any world in which that
does not go to the Supreme Court one way
or the other it's going to get to the
Supreme Court right Supreme Court at the
moment sort of leans tr's way and
apparently he's trying to also rush
through Trump is nomination for the
chief of the IRS he's trying to get his
guy into the job he's kind of hurrying
up hey hey Senate would you mind maybe
moving the head of the IRS to the top of
the approval list no reason no reason
just just thought that would be good to
get that done
so here's my prediction the president's
lawyers can stop call indefinitely on
those taxes they can they can come up
with one reason after another why
there's some reason that they can't give
it out now I don't know if the legal
challenges will be enough to stop some
employee of the IRS who has the secret
password and physically could give the
TA taxes to to Congress because that
person might just say I don't want to
get a lawyer and if Congress who has the
authority is asking me to do something
I'm just an employee it's not I'm not
going to take this to the Supreme Court
it's my job to do to do these things
under these
conditions the conditions have been met
Congress G told me to do it I've got to
I've got to type this in and give it to
him so it could be that the lawyers
objecting might not be enough maybe they
get them anyway but here's my
prediction uh that we'll never see his
tax
returns my prediction is you'll never
see the tax turns because the president
has good lawyers
too um and he probably doesn't mind that
as a campaign issue because I think you
know there's some things you look at and
you say to yourself well that's a fair
attack that's fair what the other side
is doing I don't like that they're doing
but I can see why they're doing it
that's fair I don't think there's
anybody in the country who sees an
illegitimate um attempt to to get the
president's taxes for no specific
reason no specific reason just as a way
to attack him and remove him from office
I don't think there's anybody on either
side who in their quiet time think
that's thinks that's legitimate so it's
actually a pretty good campaign um topic
I think all
right I think that's all I got and I'm
going to go do something else and I will
talk to you later