well since you're here and I'm here I
think it's time for a
show let's get our comments
working and then we'll Dive Right
In come on
comments there we
go everything's working this morning
[Music]
good morning everyone and welcome to the
highlight of human civilization no
pyramids required if you'd like to take
this experience up to levels that nobody
can even understand with their tiny
shiny human brains all you need for that
is a cuper mug glass a tanker chel or
sign a canteen jug or flask vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dopamine of
the day the thing that makes everything
better especially on a Saturday it's
called the simultaneous hip and it's
going to happen right now thank you
Paul
go that should hold you that should get
you through the rest of the
show well after the show remember it's
Saturday so Owen Gregorian will be
hosting a spaces event spaces is the
audio only thing that's on X so you have
to be on X to get that but look for Owen
Gregorian um and you'll see the the link
for that now uh yesterday I was B
watching that show
Severance and I was thinking I feel so
good about this show I feel like I'm
going to post on X about it because I've
mentioned it before and then I noticed
that Joe Rogan just posted on x he said
Severance is a fantastic
show says Joe Rogan completely original
and totally unpredictable amazing
writing directing and acting just a
totally unique show he just finished
season one he's going to two that's
exactly where where I am uh I think I
have maybe an episode left but uh just
finishing season one totally addicted
then John
Stewart uh he also posted on the same
topic the sever was amazing he dropped
an F bomb to say how much he liked it
now here's why it took me so long to
watch it it's the
title when I see a show that looks like
people in an office and the title of the
show is Severance here's what I
assume okay I get it it's another one of
those remakes where the there's some
Severance meaning people got fired so
the people who got fired and got the
severance
the severance payment uh they decided to
what uh get back at their evil boss and
tie him to a chair and ha haa so I
didn't want to watch that but then I
found out the severance has nothing to
do with losing your
job and that it's more of a Sci-Fi and
sort of a you know ongoing mystery than
it is like anything else so here's what
I like about it and and I will say
that you know since entertainment is
subjective no more than half of you are
going to like it as much as I do right
half of you are going to say well I
don't get it and half of you are going
to say why have I missed this for so
long but here's what Ben Stiller has
done that is actually very impressive so
Ben Stiller is the uh I guess he's
director producer whatever he is but
he's seems to be in charge and you know
we know Ben Siller being a little bit
more woke than you want to be so one
thing you'd kind of assume about the
show is it's going to be you know really
woke turns out it's very
diverse but you don't even really
notice the the diversity is the natural
kind where there's a there's one
character who's a kind of a key
character a black character and you
watch the black character do his thing
and you say to yourself he's kind of
perfect like that's that's good casting
right there and then you watch the other
characters and you realize they are very
diverse but they still allowed the
boring straight white guy to be the lead
character and I thought when was the
last time I've seen
that so it's
diverse without the wokeness and it's
it's kind of refreshing the nothing's in
your face you never notice you don't see
any actors who look like they don't
belong there they're all well chosen
they're all great and uh not once does a
90b woman use her Kung Fu to beat up a
200 lb man that drives me crazy but no
not once is there a car chase scene no
car Chas sces not
once is there anybody tied to a chair to
be tortured
I don't think I don't think I saw
that so when uh Joe Rogan says it's uh
fantastic and inventive it it holds my
interest like nothing ever has it's
really special so uh here's what I'd
like to now if it sounds like I'm
spending way too much time on this and
you're saying to yourself I don't even
have Apple TV there's a bigger Point
here's the bigger point Ben Stiller has
created a
masterpiece but it's more than that
because he's also proven you could
violate pretty much all of the rules of
how you're supposed to make a crappy
piece of product in
2025 he violates all the
rules but does them genius in a genius
way so maybe maybe there's hope there
might be hope for scripted television
you know if you can do it this well
very impressive well yesterday a lot of
us were wondering what happened to
ex-user who is quite well known Brian
remelli and Brian um has got a lot of
attention especially in the last year or
two because he he uh posts a lot about
Ai and he knows a lot about it and he's
deep into it and you know his account
became even more valuable it's always
been valuable but he got kicked off and
he didn't know why and we didn't know
why but there was a there's sort of an
outcry from the people on X saying hey
what's up with this now I'm always
hesitant because people ask me this all
the time can you get involved in you
know getting my account uncancelled
first of all I don't have any PLL I have
no pull whatsoever on X nothing don't
know anybody don't have any special back
doorer nothing but when somebody gets
cancelled on X the first thing I ask
myself is okay as far as I know this is
a totally good
person but do I know everything about
this person so I'm always suspicious
what did they
do what is it I don't know about so if I
don't know why they got cancelled it's
really hard for me to weigh in because
because I might be accidentally backing
something terrible but uh it looked like
Elon Musk may have been involved in
getting this one re reinstituted
but musk said that it was uh because of
a music copyright
violation now here's something you need
to know a music copyright violation I
think I'll take a fact check on this but
I think this is true is automatically
removed simply because the music people
complained now I don't know who
specifically has to complain it might be
some entity within the music business
it's the only official one but it might
be also anybody complaining about their
own band or their own music but my
understanding is that the simple
existence of a complaint that's backed
by you know there actually was a
copyrighted song involved there's no X
isn't even involved X has to do it
automatically I believe I I believe that
the law says X doesn't even get a choice
yeah as long as it's reported and there
is a song involved you're gone
um yeah that's uh I think uh Owen is
saying the same thing uh Owen says the
dmca takedowns which is what this would
be are acted on but don't require
permanent suspension right they don't
require permanent suspension but they
are acted on right away so this one was
not
permanent and um I ran into this
situation once before with another
notable user who got pretty well
cancelled and that other notable user
did uh many things that seemed to press
the line but the thing that took him
out
copyright yeah copyright you're just not
going to win uh the the copy holders are
going to be tough on that so anyway
Brian rell's back maybe we learned
something there that'll keep the rest of
you from getting
canceled at the University of Amsterdam
they did some study on chat GPT we'll
get to all the politics I'm just waiting
for people to wake up and have their
first cup of coffee um so there was a
study University of Amsterdam about uh
Ai and what they found was that the
current version of
AI uh thinks very well in
analogies but when the the analogy is
tweaked or it needs more you know
original reasoning it fails pretty
quickly so as long as there's a pattern
or an analogy AI can operate pretty well
but it's an analogy thinker now many of
you know that for years I've been saying
in public I even wrote a book about it
that well book that includes it that if
you think or Reason in analogies you're
not using reason an analogy is simply
something that reminds you of something
else it's not a
reason it's not a reason to do anything
so here's and uh no matter how many
times I tell you this it's a little bit
subtle and hard to remember so I'm going
to take another run at it because the
more you hear it the more powerful you
will become in your debating because if
you use an analogy do you know what
happens people debate the specifics of
the
analogy which doesn't help anybody
because the analogy is not even the
debate so it moves you as soon as you
introduce an analogy somebody goes um
yes but I'm not a
flower no oh no it's just an analogy
that you know flower needs water so I'm
trying to make the point that a person
also needs to be you know fed or
nourished yeah but I'm not a flower okay
okay I'm not saying you're a flower it's
an analogy person needs to be fed and
nourished a flower needs needs to be fed
and nourished I'm just trying to make a
point yeah but a flower doesn't live as
long as a person I know I know I know
that has nothing to do with my point
it's just and that's the way all
analogies go so if you think you're
going to use an analogy to win an
argument you're not here's the one way
to use an analogy
correctly if it's a fast way to get
somebody to understand A New Concept
that's different from an argument you're
not trying to debate them you're just
trying to introduce a new thing that
they didn't know about and my famous
example is what is what would be the
fastest way to describe a zebra to
someone who knew everything else in the
world but had never seen a zebra here's
how I do it i' say okay so zebrra is
basically it looks like a horse but it's
got black and white
stripes so here I'm comparing a horse to
a zebra now that's a good use because
the person knows I'm not calling it a
horse I'm saying it looks like one and
now and now you've got this in your mind
okay got it looks like a horse but has
black and white stripes I'm almost there
now you would add things like well it's
you know native to Africa and maybe
there's something different in its
lineage from horses and maybe it's
different in several other ways but it
would be a real quick way to get from
knowing nothing about zebras to oh okay
I got the basic idea
so that's the only time to use it
now do you think this is a real problem
this whole analogy thing I keep harping
on I'm harping on it and harping on it
well let's look at a real
example have have you heard this story
about representative Robert Garcia he's
a Democrat
California and he was on some Show
recently and he made the following
analogy you ready for this now this is a
human not Ai and the human tried to use
an analogy to make a point and here's
what he said talking about the Democrats
in their let's say political contest
with
Republicans uh Robert Garcia said we're
in a bar fight I'm paraphrasing a little
bit but he said we're in a bar fight and
we have to bring actual
weapons and then his critics say whoa
you're you're talking you're telling
people to actually arm
themselves with what knives and guns so
you can shoot Republicans my God you've
got to be
cancelled now of course it took about
like a minute and a half for
representative gcia to come back and say
um it was just an
analogy there's no smart person who
heard me say it's a bar fight so you
have to bring weapons nobody thought
that meant I meant bring weapons to the
political
contest now but some people did or they
pretend they do so with the Republicans
I can never tell CU sometimes maybe they
believe the analogy maybe they believe
he was actually suggesting weapons let
me say as clearly as possible he wasn't
suggesting bringing real weapons into
the political realm it was an analogy
what happens when he use an
analogy people will
people will pick apart the analogy
instead of whatever point you were
trying to make so that's what happened
here so don't use analogies like that
but I would say he used the analogy
correctly he even used it correctly
which was he was trying to introduce a
point and the point was we're in a fight
with no weapons if you were in a bar
fight you'd want to have a weapon so in
any other fight you might want to have a
weapon too the weapon might be better
ideas better policies better podcasts
something like that so representative
Robert Garcia Democrat from California I
back you
100% um I'm not entirely sure if the
Republicans going after him really
believe what they're doing or it's just
sort of convenient kind of a convenient
attack line but no he didn't do anything
wrong uh here's some good news The Epic
Times is reporting apparently CEO
confidence in the economy is is uh at a
real high so it's looking really good
now we've seen some other indicators
that the economy could have some trouble
and the stock market took a dump on
Friday so it's not all positive but
here's what I like about it the
CEOs are extra important when it comes
to their optimism if the CEOs are
optimistic then they increase their
investment budget their capital expense
and then things are go well so you want
your CEOs to be optimistic because
anything but that destroys your economy
so when they're at a some kind of a you
know high in terms of optimism and they
are pretty high uh that is a really good
really good sign for the
future meanwhile Elon musk's uh private
security they must be pretty good
because uh they've been deputized by the
US Marshall service meaning that uh they
they'll now have a certain rights and
protections of federal law enforcement
CNN's reporting
now makes me wonder what special rights
they're
gaining the the one that seems obvious
would be the right to arrest
somebody you know if you're private
security can you can you detain and
arrest somebody I don't know so is that
one of the rights I don't know exactly
what rights they get but I I like
anything uh that makes Elon Musk
safer so if this in any way makes him
safer yes yes please let's do that so
looks like it makes sense I you know it
uh it passes the the sniff
test well Trump uh again is reiterating
that he's in favor of the death
penalty for drug dealers he makes a good
point that a big drug dealer could kill
500 people you know just the number of
overdoses over time you know it could
add up to a lot of people so yes if
there's somebody who is knowingly
knowingly this is the important part
knowingly selling a drug that is likely
to kill 500 people at at the scale
they're selling the drug yeah the death
penalty is not just a appropriate but
it's just screaming for it if somebody
just murdered 500 people would we be
questioning the death penalty we would
not so the fact that it takes a little
while for these victims to to to die
that shouldn't be any safety for the
person who did it so yes I'm 100% in
favor of the death penalty for um any
drug dealers that are working as scale I
don't want I don't think you want to get
you know the one who sells a pill or two
to their to their friends uh I wouldn't
agree with
that Trump said also that they're going
to make some uh brutal anti-drug ads he
says they hired some of the best
agencies I guess that means ad agencies
and they're going to spend $150 million
maybe 200 million on Advertising that
says when you take certain drugs like
Fentanyl it destroys your skin destroys
your teeth destroys your
brain he says they really horrible
commercials he's seen the first of them
in the brutal
and and he thinks that it will
work now it might it might because
brainwashing works so if these are
designed to brainwash people the young
people I have every reason to believe
that as a way forward it could be a good
way but you have to wor you have to
worry about the reverse
happening um the reverse is that you
make it
cool oh here's your brain on
marijuana now it's a it's a cracked egg
and then people say ah that sounds like
they're overdoing it I think I'll you
know do more of it instead of less so
you you can get the risk is that you
know young people just resist anything
you tell them so they end up liking it
more because it's more for
forbidden but if you do it right you can
really put the stink on something now
what I'd want to know is the
following what makes an ad agency the
best that they were good at selling a
commercial
product or maybe somebody's
brand do you think that the uh these ad
agencies have somebody with let's say
hypnosis skill I think some of them do
actually I don't know if these do but it
would not be unusual that the Ad Agency
had more than ad people right if if you
watched what's that TV show uh with the
advertiser people if the only expertise
they're bringing is Ad
Agency that they're going to do
something like okay we'll just say it's
bad for you and young people don't want
to
look ugly so they won't do it well you
know that's a good start but here's how
I would do it uh we now have the
technology that they can put sensors on
your head and they can tell how you're
receiving certain
messages and what they should do is try
a bunch of stuff maybe use AI to
generate some quick visuals and just run
all the different
messages uh uh across the uh you know
the people that you're
testing and test it on young people
whoever your target is and just see what
works so I don't know that advertisers
automatically do that they have the
technology but I don't think they
automatically do it this is one of those
cases where I wouldn't say oh just make
it look
unattractive I don't know if that's
enough you know I think they could take
the next level of science to make people
just run from it if they did it right
well meanwhile CPAC is happening and uh
Steve bannon's making things interesting
by teasing a third term for Trump now I
think the smart people believe he's
trolling and he's not actually literally
saying third term he might I mean I
can't read his mind so I don't know what
he's thinking
but um one of the things I like about
Bannon is that he's seems to understand
the uh the whole media
landscape better than almost everybody
so bannon's one of the ones maybe the
one who said if the only way past the
media uh Gatekeepers is to overwhelm
them and I think that started with the
the first term and so that's something
that not everybody would have seen right
so so Bannon can see around corners in a
lot of different ways so if he's doing
this uh teasing that Trump might have a
third
term I I I I step back from my usual
reaction which is my first take my first
take is don't do that that's exactly
what they're accusing him of if you get
them all worked up about this third term
thing it's going to fit in with their
dictator allar message and you know
you're just making it worse why would
you give them that ammunition so that's
my first take
but then I say all right what if Steve
Bannon is smarter than I am what would
that look
like and then I think oh damn means I'm
missing something what would I be
missing I don't know but let me just put
something out there if it's Steve Bannon
just trolling then it doesn't mean
anything if it's Steve Bannon who's
thought of this strategically
it could mean a lot and here's the other
way that this could be playing and I
don't know which way is the dominant way
but one way I could be playing is that
Trump has such a you know a commanding
control over the
media that he and his uh let's say
supporters can feed the media stories
that fit exactly into their sweet spot
like right on the nose this is exactly
what you thought would happen isn't it
and it will just make them chase their
tals about this third
term while Trump gets things
done because again they're going to run
out of a shelf space they can't talk
about everything all the time they have
to decide what to talk about and they
they always have to coordinate so
they're all talking about the same thing
so with one good troll you can make the
entire enemy media landscape focus on
the message that you wanted them to
focus on and if it turns out that the
whole third term thing just doesn't
resonate with anybody you know doesn't
resonate with Democrat voters doesn't
resonate with Republican voters uh he
can be he could be sort of leading them
down this dead end
alley which would be brilliant Steve
Bannon strategy now is that what he's
thinking again I I can't read his mind
because he's a little bit ahead of most
most of us certainly had me in some ways
so if he thinks it's a good idea to
tease
this a third term he might be just
working on a level that we're not quite
at you know I'll just put that out there
if it were anyone else who did not have
a proven record of seeing around corners
I would say h looks like a mistake but
just the fact that it comes from Bannon
makes me go okay back up back up he
doesn't do things by accident he doesn't
do something that dramatic without
thinking they think thinking it through
completely so we'll see I'd love to hear
his thinking on it
someday you probably saw on the news
that uh Trump was talking to some folks
that included the governor of Maine and
Trump was saying um that he was banning
at least in terms of supporting with
Federal funds he was going to not give
federal funds to any school that was uh
allowing biological men to play women's
sports and I guess the governor of Maine
was in the audience Janet
Mills and uh she indicated that they
were going to com you know continue
allowing b bi biological males and women
sports and it was kind of a smallish
room you know not that many people
attending
and watching
Trump just destroy her while we watched
was kind of interesting so he he starts
out by saying you know it's illegal he
made it illegal then she tried to say oh
we obey state and federal law so she's
you know making the point that his
executive orders are not law uh Trump
tried to sell it as law but that's a
harder sell so instead he back backed up
to uh smartly he backed up to well
you're not getting any federal funds
then and then he adds and by the way
your political career is basically over
now and he said the the the voters in
your own State want what I'm offering
which
is uh you know blocking biological men
and women sports
so not only did he her down in
public but he basically predicted the
end of her political career over this
because it's so obviously what Trump
wants is also popular in her state so
that was
fun she said I'll see you in court and
he said looking forward to
it um I will give her credit for being
spunky but she's being spunky on the
wrong topic so I don't think that's
going to
work um
according to the
news uh Trump is planning to shut down a
federal building in San Francisco uh but
the funny part is that the name of the
building is the Nancy Pelosi Federal
Building so he's going to close down the
presumably largely
unused
uh Nancy py Federal
Building and I was thinking that uh if
they're going to sell it
they should change the name
first because I don't know what kind of
a bidding war you're going to get for
the Nancy Pelosi Federal Building but
you might might want to change that to
something that would get a republican
bidder I suppose if you you buy it you
can change the name but yeah it just
feels like somebody died in the building
you know you know how you always have to
if you're selling a residential real
estate you have to disclose if anybody
ever died in the house you're selling
well I think having Nancy Pelosi's name
on your building is is sort of the
commercial property equivalent of
somebody died in
it that's just me J Vance is at CPAC too
and he was he was defending
uh the let's say the uh appropriateness
of young men acting like young men
instead of being uh forced to as he said
Democrats are trying to turn everyone
into androgynous
idiots the Democrats are trying to turn
everyone into androgynous
idiots that's pretty
badass I I don't think JD Vance or any
vice president would have said those
words unless he was under the umbrella
of trump in which case it just seems
natural yeah yeah they're trying to turn
everyone into Androgen C
and then he went on JD
did saying that the uh the Republicans
believe that there are two Sexes and
that there's a reason for that and
obviously there's some you know there
there are some exceptions you know not
every person is born with exactly you
know male or exactly female stuff but
the exceptions are so rare it makes
sense to treat them as exceptions I
think that's the point
there's still some talk about that
Epstein
list Alina hav said that transparency's
coming and we're going to see that list
well do you think so do you really think
that the Epstein list is going to be
presented and it will tell us things we
didn't already
know I would put the odds of that at
very
low very very
low um it's possible
that something will come out that looks
like it's new but it's not that new
maybe we already knew it or it'll be who
flew on Epstein's plane but that won't
tell you that they did anything illegal
because apparently a lot of people flew
on his plane so I'm my prediction will
be you're not going to learn
anything because if they had the
goods they wouldn't tell you they would
keep it for
themselves suppose
just I'll just put it out there suppose
there was something on there that was
embarrassing to an
ally like I don't know something
involving the British royal family I'm
just putting that out as an example I
have no information
whatsoever would we as an ally of Great
Britain would we throw their uh royal
family under the bus knowing that that
would be a big problem and that you know
whatever anybody did or did not do
probably stopped
so you know who's who's the better off I
don't know I I think I see five
different reasons not to tell
us and not a single reason to tell us so
I don't think they're going to tell
us um they might come back and say well
really there's no list there's just a
lot of information and we're still
looking through it and you know it's all
got stuff we can't show you I don't
nothing nothing's going to
happen well there's a pentagon shake out
you've probably heard the uh so Trump's
removing the uh chairman of the Joint
Chiefs of Staff Air Force General seq
Brown Jr now because it's 2025 and I
know what you're going to say you're
going to say he was a Dei hire CU he was
a black man fourstar General uh there's
no indication of that
there's no indication that in fact he
was I think he got his last job through
Trump and Trump has said good things
about him and even in replacing him he
had good things to say so uh I would not
make any assumptions about General CQ
Brown Jr it may be that maybe he was a
little too Pro Dei maybe Trump just
wants his own preferred advisor there he
doesn't really need a reason
but the reason I would rule out is has
anything to do with Dei I don't think it
does in this case but at the same time
uh I think Heth removed uh the admiral
of the Navy who was a
woman and again there's no direct
information that this is any kind of a
Dei thing unless unless the problem is
it was somebody who supported Dei too
much supporting it would be its own
problem
but now let's not do the thing where
every single person who loses a job
under the Trump Administration was
incapable because of some Dei reason the
the Dei argument as I often remind you
is that it guarantees that things will
fall
apart uh just not any specific person
and at any specific time you can't you
can't go that
far meanwhile the uh SBA offices or most
mostly empty so there's a new SBA Chief
Kelly ller and did a video of her second
day of work and the and the office is
just pristine but empty you know
everything looks like it's in good shape
it's just empty so I guess on Monday
federal employees have to go back to
work is that for all the federal
employees I don't know um I feel really
bad for them so my my Dilbert comic
making part of me says oh God imagine
losing the right to work at home well
maybe there was a little slacking off at
home maybe there was uh but it would be
devastating if you built your life
around this working home thing and then
you lost the ability to do it there are
people for example who probably got a
dog because one of them was going to be
home all day that would be really bad
for the dog to have to leave at home all
day um so people are going have a really
hard adjust
now you might say but I don't feel sorry
for them because they were working at
home and collecting their paycheck and
maybe not working too hard well we have
to make the hard
choices no doubt about it but there's
definitely a human impact that's hard to
ignore according to the Washington Post
Trump might want to take over the post
office and move it under the Commerce
Department instead of leaving it as this
quasi independent thing that it is but I
don't know why I didn't see in the story
any
reasoning does anybody know a
reason uh is it because we assume that
the Commerce Department would make it
more efficient somehow I don't know so I
don't know what problem is being solved
there but we'll see if that
happens um according to Eric dor who was
reporting on this when Trump was talking
to uh the governors I think it was in
the same same uh time he was talking to
that main Governor he he told the
governors that they need to switch to
paper ballots in their
election and same day voting here's what
he
[Music]
said he also said to verify citizenship
to vote and voter ID and that Elon Musk
um supports this so I love that Trump
can now say Elon Musk supports this or
that because you know if Trump supports
it you say well it's at least political
that so there's at least a political
reason but is that good enough well if
musk supports it then it makes sense
technically and it makes sense logically
and it probably makes sense economically
because you know musk isn't going to
ignore any of that stuff you know musk
is not going to say well let's ignore
the technical issues no he's not going
to do that he's not going to ignore cost
or Effectiveness or any of the things
that he focuses on he's not going to
ignore the very things he focuses
on so it's such a good thing to be able
to to refer to and Elon Musk agrees with
me anyway so he he say says more about
it Trump does he says uh it's called The
Watermark it's impossible to copy
impossible to Achi well I'm not sure if
it's impossible but it'd be much harder
uh highly sophisticated he says he goes
those four things if he did uh if he did
two- day or three-day voting fine other
states too they were weeks after the
election imagine if there if it were a
close election so you know his point is
well taken um and he said I did ask Elon
Musk and he said quote now I'm not sure
this is an accurate quote but this is
Trump saying that he talked to musk and
musk wasn't in the room then and this is
what he says Elon Musk said so I did ask
Elon Musk and he said quote computers
are not meant for voting too many
transactions taking place now I don't
know what that means exactly because
generally I would think too many
transactions is why you want a
computer you know it it' be the whole
reason for a computer um but is there a
part left out is there some context left
out or maybe a fuller reason that's not
expressed here so I'd love to hear uh
elon's take
on voting
machines love to hear
that and then about paper ballots
um Trump says I hope the governor's uh
he says it'll cost you 8% of what the
costs are now so it'll be 8% of the cost
to use paper instead of
machines so it's not faster it's not
cheaper it's not
easier why do we have
machines now I posted uh the other day
maybe it was
yesterday that you should
Google what countries have banned just
banned made it illegal to do some of the
things that we routinely do in our
elections for example did you know there
are a number of countries that ban
electronic voting machines you know the
very ones we use they're banned in some
countries do you know why they ban
them security risk
we're we're actually using systems that
our own allies you know like European
allies our own allies and other places
too our own allies say are not
sufficient for
voting and yet the American public has
been sold on oh yeah there's no way to
there's no way to cheat and then the
Europeans who looked at exactly the same
systems the Europeans do know some
things like they're not children and
when they're experts looked at it they
said uh no you can't have this in our
country you're
banned and then we just use it banned in
another
country how about the uh uh voting by
mail do you know how many countries say
it's illegal to vote by mail quite a few
and our allies our allies say oh it's
not safe to vote by mail that's just
asking for a rigged election and it's
our basic way we mail I think I think
most of our votes were by mail so if you
just take those two things and then what
about uh same day voting versus you know
voting for a month I don't know that
there's anybody who does that or at the
very least most of our allies probably
ban voting outside of the narrow window
on voting day maybe a day or two and and
I'm sure they have special things for
you know military serving overseas and
stuff but th those are just small
exceptions So when you say that our own
voting system includes major elements
not minor but the most important
elements are literally banned by our own
allies who also looked into
it do you feel comfortable with our
system Europe
doesn't how about our
food you ever notice you go to Europe
and because they've banned and more
things than we have you can eat the food
and not get fat you come back to
America God knows what you're putting in
your
body well sometimes our allies get it
right I think they got it right with
food we'll wait for RFK Jr to do his
full look at stuff to know for sure but
it looks like they got it right with
food and it certainly looks like they
got it right with election
security so maybe we shouldn't be so
quick to say America does everything
better than everybody because obviously
not obviously
not so let's talk about the
budget oh the the most fun thing about
this uh voting machine thing is I hope
it gets to the point where Elon makes a
you know a clear statement in his own
voice about what he thinks of electronic
voting machines I'm going to guess I
think he may have said it before but oh
I think he did confirm it actually the
other day that uh voting machines you
know are not ideal for voting so but in
order to get Democrats to
disagree they have to disagree with Elon
Musk on a question of technology and
systems it just gets
funnier watching the Democrats be an
automatic reflexive disagreement mode
about everything it just makes you can
trap them a 100 different ways all right
right all right let's go to the next
topic the next topic is electronic
voting machines and Elon Musk says that
uh that there a security
problem uh what do you say well what
does Elon Musk know about
technology it's going to look so
dumb
anyway I guess there are two versions of
the budget that have been passed the
house had a version that covers the
whole budget and I guess that's passed
but of course both houses would need to
pass a bill for it to be the actual
budget so the Senate instead of waiting
for the house or working on the house
version they did their own not that
unusual but there's uh they also pass
theirs but theirs is a two-part process
so they only passed the first part now I
think there's some strategy involved
here so I think the Senate is thinking a
little more strategically but Trump
actually liked the house
Trump liked the house because they threw
everything that he cares about into
their budget and he says well just if
you just approve the whole thing and
we're done uh but the the Senate does
one version that's focused on border
border security the military beefing up
the military and focus on energy
production now that's pretty smart too
because if if the Republicans are all on
board with those things they and vote on
them and then just take them off the
table because it's already voted on and
then when they bring uh the second bill
which they would plan to do later in the
year so that would be the one that talks
about Trump's you know tax policy
extending it and all the other
stuff all right that's the good news
here's the bad
news I read two long stories about these
two two different budgets one the sen
version and won the house do you know
what was not included in either
Story the
deficit the deficit the deficit is the
only thing I care about it's the only
thing that's going to kill us you know
the the other things are important you
got to have a military you got to have a
border
but really if you're talking about the
budget and your Top Line isn't they got
a new budget it's going to add to the
deficit by this much
they're not really in the right
conversation the they're not covering it
at all it should be number one what
would this budget do to our
deficit and then if the answer is oh it
blows it up worse then we're done they
need to go back and do it again unless
they have some other plan that I'm not
aware of where the budget will magically
not be spent or something I mean what's
that so
we have one job bring us a
budget that doesn't break the bank oh
here's a budget that breaks the bank
well got anything else yes we have
another budget that breaks the bank got
anything else well we have a process to
create a budget that breaks the bank
okay let me say it again the only thing
that would be a mistake the only thing
would be a budget that breaks the bank
so let's try it again you got the house
version and the Senate could one of you
 go come back come back with a
budget that doesn't break the bank sure
sure tomorrow they come back well here's
our budget does it break the bank yeah
it does uh how about you and the Senate
do you have a new one yes we do here's
here's a brand new budget does it break
the bank
ah yeah yeah it
does uh can you even get Rand Paul to
agree with
it no no we can't get Rand Paul to vote
for it why won't he vote for
it it breaks the
bank okay are you even listening to us
we've got one thing we
want don't break the
bank all right I'll try again next week
here's my budget does it break the
bank yeah but but but but there's no
time there's no time left to do it any
other way really you waited months until
there would be no time so you could
 shove this down our throats and
up our asses at the same time
and we would sit there and say oh I
guess there's no there's no time left
there's no time left could you get a
watch from Rand Paul please
could somebody talk to ran Paul and get
a watch because there is time if
you want to do it right now I know it's
hard but if you can't do it just
give up and tell us oh sorry the only
thing you wanted us to do we're not
going to do and we're not able to do it
and we won't do it later we won't do it
at the last minute there's just no way
we can do it well give up and then maybe
we'll try something else maybe the White
House can come up with a budget and you
just have to V on it but don't give us
another bank
busting
budget now if I'm wrong meaning that
there the let's say the Doge effort is
on top of the
budget so that you know as as we start
realizing the cuts because it takes a
while to actually realize any of the
cuts that uh the plan is to reduce the
budget by exactly the amount of the do
findings if that's the plan could you
let us know could you include that in
the budget wording so that we know well
we're going to have a we're going to
pass one with a $2 trillion deficit per
year per year but uh we're really hoping
that by the end of whatever we'll have
most of that two trillion cut down and
so in the end we won't be spending it
all or tell us this
you know it's too late to do it for the
next 12
months all the Doge cuts that we find
even if we cut it right away the best
we're going to be able to do is kind of
look at a
2026 as the year that the Doge Cuts
really kick in and then we can really
reduce the budget to which I would say
all right all right uh everybody wants
us sooner but if anything's good it's
worth waiting
for but I'm reading two major stories in
our press and even the media even the
media is ignoring the deficit when they
talk about the budget how in the world
is this even
happening anyway so as you know zalinski
and Trump had some words for each other
um and uh here's what Trump says about
zilinski he said it on Fox News Radio he
said uh quote I've been watching for
years and I've been watching him meaning
zalinski negotiate with no cards Trump
said of zinsky he has no cards and he
gets sick of
it yes so I don't think he's very
important to be at meetings Trump says
of zsky to be honest with you and then
he he said he makes it very hard to make
deals now Trump can dismiss the value of
people better than anybody I've ever
seen you whether you like it or
not but what he
says seninsky is's trying to negotiate
with no cards and he makes it very hard
to make deals it just like it sounds
like he's talking about trying to do a
zoom call and your kids keep coming in
and bothering you during the middle of
the zoom call it's like I'm trying to do
a zoom call here yeah I got to lock the
children out they just keep wandering in
the room it makes it very hard to do a
serious Zoom
call anyway um so apparently Trump is
also angry according to Rubio and Vance
they both say uh that uh this being
reported in the National pulse Jack
Montgomery um apparently both Ruby and
Vance say that Trump is mad at
zalinski because allegedly sininsky had
agreed on at least the framework of a
deal where Ukraine would would be giving
up some mineral rights to the US in in
return for some security
guarantees and Trump went away thinking
that that was a done deal because there
had been agreement and then
zilinski according to at least our side
zinsky just lied and said no there's no
deal so imagine being the person who
lied about what happened in a room and
then threw Trump onto the bus with your
lie at the same time he's the only one
that can protect your
country that's what I call somebody
who's not good at making deals so when
Trump says that zinski is not good and
he's making it harder to make deals well
there's a perfect
example it if you know zilinski is going
to make a deal in private and then
publicly say there's no deal how do you
work with that
guy I mean seriously what can you do
with somebody who does that right in
front of you and you know apparently
Rubio and Vance are both backing that
that that's exactly what
happened now it would be one thing if he
changed his
mind or or he said you know let's not
get too far in front of it we haven't we
haven't closed in any details of you
know what it would look like with the
mineral rights so we agree in principle
but we're a long way from a specific
agreement I could live with that I could
live with that if they didn't have any
specifics just say don't know what going
to happen we like it in general but we
could have to make sure the details work
for Ukraine but to just come out and say
you didn't that it didn't happen that
there was no
agreement you leave that guy
home you you just leave him home and you
make a deal and then if you can make one
you just make it
work so I'm going to make a point uh I
don't remember if I made on the show or
I made in the man cave um some people
are criticizing Trump for
seemingly having granted
concessions to Putin without actually
negotiating for
example um I think Trump's said you know
certainly there'll be some kind of land
for a peace deal so it's not as if
Russia's going to give back all the
things or any of or any of the things
that they've
captured so that seems like you're just
giving Putin
something to which I say it's not giving
somebody something if you know that's
not up for conversation and it works
both ways do you think that Putin is
going to ask Trump um at the end of this
we want to make sure that America has no
CIA bases and no military bases and no
strong connection to Ukraine well that
that's what Putin would want wouldn't he
wouldn't he want Europe and of Ukraine
and America and of Ukraine do you think
he's going to ask for
that well probably not why would he not
ask for the very thing he wants most
because he wouldn't get it it would just
be a waste of time so if you watch both
Putin and Trump say okay I'm not even
going to ask for that that's just a
waste waste of my own time if if you
really want a deal the first thing you
have to do is decide what things are not
on the table to talk about and if you
both agree with the other side okay I
get it I get it that's not up for
conversation when when I made my deal to
be a syndicated Cartoonist the first
time did I give up anything in
negotiation of
course because I knew I couldn't get it
one of the things would be let's say uh
okay I want to do a 15-year contract
with you as my syndicator company but at
any time if I get a better deal from
somebody else I could just go over there
that's what I wanted why did I not ask
for that because there's not any chance
in the world that they would have agreed
to that that's the the whole industry
DET is based on the fact that the
syndication company puts up a lot of
resources at first so that they can get
money down the down the line so you
wouldn't ask for something you know
you're not going to get so it's same
with
jump let's check in with Morning Joe
Scarboro uh he's saying now that uh
Republicans did not vote to cut wasteful
spending isn't that amazing I remember
when I briefly thought that MSNBC was
trying to be news and you know trying to
be you know maybe biased but they're
trying to be news once you realize that
they're only in it for the propaganda
it's not really a News Network it's not
like you know even the ones that are
biased I was talking about CNN CNN's
biased Fox News is biased but if you
know the bias you can kind of factor
that into your viewing but MSNBC doesn't
try to do anything it's just pure
propaganda want an example how about
this NBC the parent company of MSNBC NBC
is now settling a $30 million defamation
suit and the defamation suit is because
they claimed that there was some
specific
gentleman who was
uh um working at the ice
facilities and was doing unnecessary
hysterectomies um and he was a uterus
collector so they said he was doing
basically here here's what they thought
so MSNBC this included Rachel madow
Chris Ayes and Nicole
Wallace they were treating the story as
if they'd found uh Hitler's Dr
mangala because if you believe you're
living in a Hitler movie you're going to
look for Dr mangala the one who does uh
illegal and hor horrific experimentation
on people that don't look like you right
and so they come up with this story
according to them and they're being sued
and they lost because it's all fake they
believed based on some reporting that
got to them they believed that there was
a doctor who was just doing unnecessary
sterilization of
immigrants now how could they have known
that that was a fake
story you would all know it wouldn't you
if I I'd never heard the story when it
was originally aired but if I told you
okay turns out that Trump has a Dr
mangala kind of guy at the border and
he's just uh taking the taking the
reproductive equipment and of women with
surgery and there's no medical reason no
medical reason at
all what would be your first reaction to
that well that's not true do you know
why you would know that's not
true say it say it there's a rule
there's a rule I've taught you about how
to spot fake news and this is right on
the
rule and the rule goes like this that's
to on the
nose wait a minute wait a minute you're
saying that Trump is Hitler and now
magically and magically as something to
do with immigration that's a little too
perfect that you found a Dr mangala Who
doing these horrible experimental or
whatever he's
doing if I had heard that story on day
one yeah you got it if ID heard that on
day one I don't remember hearing it ever
actually but if I'd heard that story I
would say uh
seriously you can't tell you can't tell
just by hearing it that it's not
true that I would guess that most of my
audience would have spotted that one
right away
what do you
think how many of you think you would
have spotted that in the first minute
because you know the rule about two on
the nose that two on the nose thing
works so well like until you see a few
cycles of it working it's hard to
convince yourself it's that accurate but
boy does it work because the real world
doesn't serve up stories that clean
that's just such a clean perfect
political Story the real world doesn't
create those those are always
fake
right so at least you wouldn't have been
fooled well here's another win from uh
Robbie Starbuck uh Pepsi Cola is
announced it's going to end its de Dei
policies according to Katie
jerkovich is that really a name Katie
jerkovich it must have been tough in
high school unless that's a married name
in which case her husband had a tough
time anyway daily wies writing about
this and uh they're going to end their
Dei stuff I'm pretty sure that Robbie
Starbuck was the driver of that um
because he mentioned it might be
coming and here's my
question so you're a Democrat and you've
been living in a
bubble
and you uh you don't know what's true
but you do believe you do believe that
um
that the things you're being told are
largely true so let's say you believe
that uh Dei was just flat out good for
the
world and you were happy that these big
corporations were woke and that they
were pursuing it because hey that's
double double good big corporations are
on board yes and Dei is good according
to you yes those are two good things and
then they're implementing it and they're
spending lots of money on the Dei yes
that's like a big win right and then
pepico announces that they're going to
end the whole thing why would they do
that why would pepsicola end it is it
because they're afraid of Robbie
Starbuck well
maybe maybe because he can bring a lot
of negative media attention to to a
company but here's what I think it is I
think Pepsi Cola realized it was a huge
expense and it didn't help their Dei or
diversity much at all or at least not in
any way they couldn't have done on their
own without any
Dei
and I think maybe they appreciate it
when somebody like Robbie starbu comes
in and gives them what I call the fake
because so I've describe the fake
because in uh in context of persuasion a
fake because
is a reason that you are willing to go
with even if you don't buy into the
reason because it's something you wanted
to do for your own reasons that you
maybe couldn't mention so you're like oh
uh yeah yeah we we love this Dei but I
don't think we could handle all the
attention we'd get from Robbie Starbuck
and you know then half of our customers
are conservative and they'd stop buying
so I I guess I guess we're forced into a
corner you know we'd really love to just
drive this Dei as hard as we could we'd
love to do that we wish we could but oh
oh darn darn Robbie Starbuck came after
us and you that's a risk too so I guess
we're just going to have to live in the
real world and get rid of our Dei as
much as we loved it so that's a fake
because I don't believe for a
minute that the leadership of Pepsi was
saying
really we really wanted to keep this Dei
because it was working out so well
nope I I think the reason you're going
to see a lot of the bigger companies now
start to fall in line the same way is
they all have the same fake because oh
so a well-known conservative activist
might turn a half of our customers
against us over this yeah I guess just
on a fiduciary responsibility we're
going to have to get rid to Dei but
we'll tell everybody we're still going
to get diversity we'll just do it a
cheaper
way so I think that's what's
happening now
[Music]
um how do Democrats handle this
situation well let's look at the view so
the view had a conversation about
Dei and uh the question they were trying
to wrestle with on The View the ladies
of the view is the idea of blind hiring
uh versus normal hiring blind would be
presumably they wouldn't know anything
about the candidate except their
experience and then if the experience
was right then you you get the candidate
and then later you find out oh okay
looks like we got some diversity to
double
win um but you wouldn't be managing it
to it you know you would just be
managing to
Merit um now the problem is I don't know
how you do blind hiring because you you
just have to do a an interview I
wouldn't hire anybody without an
interview so I'm not sure how you would
do blind hiring but that was the idea
they were talking about and uh Sunny
Hosten she she starts with the following
assumption which shows she's never
worked in a real corporate environment
you know the the TV corporate
environment is not like any other so TV
is just its own little island world but
I got the feeling she's never had had
any experience with a regular
Corporation because the main thing that
people
know is that it's not an equal pool of
candidates that's the whole problem it
if if it were possible just numerically
and again this has nothing to do with
anybody's genes or race or sexual
preference has nothing to do with
anybody's culture it's just math I I'll
use elbonian to make my point
if you were trying to make sure you had
enough elbonian working for your company
and you were let's say a uh in the
nuclear energy
business and you look around you're like
ah we got to get more elbonian and you
find out there are only three elbonian
who have ever gotten that degree you
have the degree that you need for that
job and the three of them have already
been hired by a bigger company so you
know Google already hired them Apple
already hired them somebody already
hired them and were genuinely good they
had all the right experience all the
right everything so everybody agrees
those three absolutely First Rate
nuclear
scientists but you need diversity too
and the only three that had the right
background are already hired what are
you going to do do you not pursue
diversity at least in terms of elbonian
or do you lower your standard and hope
it works out as in well I'd like
somebody with a PhD in
engineering but how about just somebody
who says they're good at it in the real
world and this is what Sunny hoston
apparently has never been exposed to is
that in the real world people will
manage to the
number so if you say to me Scott there
are two things you need to do as a
manager in this company number one
diversity and we've got specific goals
for you to hit I go okay good I like it
when the goals are specific then I know
if I hit it or not and the other one is
uh we want you to get your uh uh Fusion
reactor um which is experimental and I'd
like that to be up and running in five
years and I go in five years yeah
because that's yeah that's the fastest
you might be able to do it I'd say okay
so you're definitely going to BAS my
bonus on my diversity number this year
but you won't know this year if I'm
going to hit my fiveyear target of
opening my you know nuclear plant so
I'll just tell you that things are
moving along great because I'm not
worried about that one you know I
haven't done anything wrong yet it's
just sort of moving along uh but I'm
going to make sure I nail the diversity
thing because I'm definitely going to
suffer if I don't do that so what are
you going to do you're going to lower
you're going to lower your
requirements to hit the diversity Target
now this is something that Sunny hoston
doesn't understand because she imagines
that there's a endless Bounty of
available high quality people that are
all all there for anybody who wants to
hire them I
wish it if that were true you wouldn't
need any Dei would you you would never
need a Dei group if everybody who wanted
to hire a talent ented people just open
their door it's like wow there's a lot
of talented people with just the right
qualifications and look they come in all
types all right they come in all types I
I'm not even going to worry about
diversity I'll just do my hiring in the
normal order I do anything and the
diversity takes care of itself because
the diversity was solved before I even
opened my door
so here's my take on the ladies of the
view and the question of Dei
they're operating on a completely
different fact pattern than you and I so
because of the different fact pattern
when we look at them they look like
they're either stupid or lying right
when I'm watching I think are you
stupid or are you just lying right now
and you know it's not true but because
they also have a different fact pattern
than us when they look at our um maybe
even what I just said they're going to
say huh H that doesn't make sense with
what I know to be true so you're either
a
racist um and you might be lying too so
you're probably a lying
racist now neither of them are
true I I don't believe that Sunny Hosten
is stupid uh and I don't think she's
lying exactly I think she's working with
the fact pattern that she thinks are the
facts and when I talk about it I'm using
the facts that I know and the one thing
I would offer is that I don't think the
ladies of the view have much or any
contact with ordinary straight white
men because if they had even one just
one ordinary corporate straight man
sitting there for let's say the hour
everything they thought was true they'd
find out wasn't
and then then the fact pattern would
change now if the fact pattern ends up
being the same on both sides and then
you still got wide disagreement well
then something else is going on but as
long as we're dealing with different
facts about you know what is the pool of
qualified people of every type if we
have a completely different fact about
that you can't judge anybody based on
what comes out of their mouth because
it's all driven by the wrong fact and
we're the ones who think we have the
right ones and they they think they have
the wrong so I I would say
this if you haven't included a straight
white
man you just don't know what you're
talking
about um I feel like I have a pretty
good sense for what the nonstraight
white men are thinking because it's not
that hard you know did they're just
thinking hey there should be more of us
in this company we we highly qualified
so why why don't we have those jobs I
get it it's not really hard to
understand but how many but how many
Democrats would even understand that for
40 years 40
years straight white men have been
overtly discriminated against
unemployment as in Bob come in here I
got to tell you that you can't be
promoted because you're straight you're
white and you're
male we hear it directly
we're not guessing management tells us
this directly I've been told this twice
you I talk about it too often uh I I've
heard it directly and if I asked you how
many of you have heard it directly the
the comments would just go it'd be full
of people there are 50 million at least
I bet you there are 50 million witnesses
to this and yet Democrats don't know
it why cuz it's 50 million people they
don't want to hear from at
all and so they
don't in related news according to a
Gallup Report with post Millennials
writing about this uh one in 10 American
adults identify as lgbtq more than ever
before huh let's see have we ever talked
about this concept of follow the money
yes we have Scott you talk about it way
too often all right well let's let's do
that with this one because it seems like
it's about sexual identification doesn't
it and that the sexual identification as
being in the lgbtq community seems
higher than ever now one reason for that
could be that there's less stigma so
there more people saying oh yeah yeah
yeah now certainly for
women if you know any young women uh
I'll tell you what a normal conversation
with a young woman would look like in
2025
so what do you identify as well I you
know I like uh boys oh so you're hetero
well I don't rule out a relationship
with a woman what I mean I've never been
attracted to a woman that this here I'm
pretending to be a young woman I've
never been attracted to a young woman
but I don't rule it out I mean if I met
the right person I could imagine that I
would go for that okay but you never
have right no I never have have but why
would I rule it
out because they don't have any reason
to rule it
out so are they
buy just because they didn't rule it
out kind of yes they might actually if
they were to fill on a forum they might
say well I haven't ruled out either
gender so I guess I'm open Boop so a lot
of it is just how people would answer a
question in
2025 in
2024 uh a lot of it is is that
definitely the stigma has gone and maybe
even somebody you know thinks it's a
little bit sexy to say that they're more
openm minded you know lots of reasons
but remember following
uh follow the money always works and I
tell you why does follow the money
always work even when it
shouldn't I don't know but it always
works here let me do it
now if if I applied for a job in
Corporate America and I said you know I
present myself as a straight white
straight white male what are my odds to
getting the job well maybe at Pepsi
colola a little bit better than it was
but basically it would be the hardest
cell you're a straight white man boom
but if I suck one dick what happens to
my odds of getting
hired just one
dick goes through the roof
because now I'm a member of the lgbtq
community and I'm a
preferred
candidate now somebody might say but you
know do you do it on a regular basis or
is it just something you tried to which
I might say doesn't
matter doesn't matter how often nobody's
telling me you can't be gay if you
didn't do it a number of times I sucked
one dick so I'm lgbtq get over it all
right well would it be okay if we put
you down as
lgbtq absolutely you fill out your form
any way you like just give me that job
now do I believe anybody has done that
I've never heard of it I've never heard
of it once but why is it that the
economic incentive to be lgbtq exists at
the same time there are way more lgbtq
people so yes it could be completely
explained by people are more open-minded
and Society is less judgmental that
could explain 100% of it but why is it
always the follow the money will also
tell you what's going to happen why does
it always work I guess that's just the
mystery we'll have to figure
out all right uh well
Hamas is uh looking I guess they release
some more
hostages um and one of them has not been
identified I think I think there might
have been some question about one of the
prior hostages may not have been who
they said it was but uh here are the
numbers there are 59 hostages
remaining and maybe half of them are
reportedly deceased so by hostage I mean
in that case it would just be the bodies
but 59 of them are left
and they're they're releasing them in
like groups of you know four and six and
stuff are we going to have to just put
up with this for what
years I mean pretty much playing into
their hands because there there's no
real better way to handle it which is
what Hamas
knows so I I was brainstorming this
morning to see if there was a better way
to handle it and I don't know I don't
know but let me just throw out an idea
this will be the bad idea and then see
if you can fix it presumably there's
some budget already for how much
humanitarian Aid is getting to the
residents of Gaza the ones who have been
displaced mostly so let's say there's
some
budget and I'll just put a number on it
we's say $20 billion over some period of
time for humanitarian
support here's what I'd be tempted to do
but this would be a humanitarian
disaster
uh I'd be tempted to say here's the deal
um you've got $20 billion coming to keep
your people alive and help them get you
know resettled wherever it is they end
up but uh we're going to reduce that by
half a billion dollars uh for every
hostage we don't have back by
Tuesday pick a date so then Hamas gets
to decide how long they
wait but by Tuesday they're going to
lose their funding for humanitarian
Aid now that would be punishing the
civilians for what the humas people in
the tunnels are
doing typically that would be the worst
thing you could do that's like a war
crime you know it's like Collective
punishment
but what we're doing now is also a war
crime and I don't know how kind you're
supposed to be to the population that's
seems almost fully supportive of the
terrorists how much money are you
supposed to give them for for wanting to
kill you I don't know now I I'm not
there so I don't know what percentage of
the um the Gaza refugees are just want
to mind their own business and you know
don't want to hurt anybody the surely
some people like that exist but it
doesn't seem like the
majority and so
um and it wouldn't work by the way this
this is why I call it a bad idea as soon
as you said you going to deny food and
medicine to the civilian population that
would be the end of that idea but there
has to be
something that we're taking away from
Hamas for every person they're not
giving us back it there there needs to
be a specific cost and not just a well
someday we're really going to bomb you
well then you never get them back
so it should be you can take all the
time you want it's costing you half a
billion dollars per per person you don't
give us something now like I said it's
the bad idea because it wouldn't be
practical but is there any
way that we can just put them on a
schedule and say you get to decide yeah
you make up your own mind um and uh
we'll make sure that the residents know
it's you who made this
decision well anyway uh Owen gregorian's
going to have a spaces right now after
we're done I I think I'm going to say uh
goodbye both to the uh locals people and
the rest of you uh because Owen will be
firing up the uh spaces right right
about now he's probably getting ready to
do it so look for Owen Gregorian and you
can carry on the conversation if there's
anything you heard today you want to
follow up on or probably anything else
and everybody thanks for joining
uh I really appreciate it when you take
part of your Saturday to show up so X
and Rumble and YouTube and locals to
everybody say
goodbye all
right I'll see you tomorrow same time
same place