did you do um detective to do um yes I'm
a little bit later than normal every now
and then I have to do this
work-related thing gets the better of me
so we're gonna have a little bit of a
whiteboard talk this morning I can't
predict how this will go because I'm
kind of angry and if you've seen me
periscope when I'm angry doesn't always
go the way I'm imagining it will go
before I start so let's start with some
background sometimes people incorrectly
think that writes you know a human right
is something that the government gives
to you but in fact that's backwards
people who have you know spent a little
more time paying attention know that the
government is in the job of restricting
rights so for example if if if the
government did exist we could all speed
as fast as we wanted you could drive
your car at 100 miles an hour
anytime you felt like it but the
government exists to take that right
away from you essentially by by making
the the laws punitive but rarely do you
see a situation and maybe I just have to
think about it more and I just haven't
thought of any examples but rarely do
you have a situation where citizens will
take away their own rights and maybe you
can help me if there's somebody who's
got a better sense of history
are there other situations where not the
government but just other citizens
conspire to take away someone's right
now maybe some companies have done that
you know to make profits you know
somebody said privacy maybe some
companies
have done things that would erode your
privacy and that feels like somebody's
taking away your right but usually those
are special cases they're just trying to
make profits but with this this recent
Kanye West pushback
meaning mostly from the black community
and a lot of liberals were were very
concerned that Kanye was willing to just
have a conversation with people who
disagreed with them I just saw historian
vice if you if you haven't heard of Vice
it's a it's sort of a disgrace to online
publication I don't know if they're
solvent or not but they're you know a
highly disregarded publication called
vice and they they wrote a lengthy
article describing the backgrounds of
the various people that they call
far-right who were very open to Kanye's
message about thinking freely and having
free association and so I of course was
dragged into that as one of the people
that they had to say bad things about me
they had nothing to do with you know
Kanye or this conversation just oh he's
a bad person
yeah they they tried to describe me as a
guy here was their description of me a
guy who started a comic in 1989 well
that's technically true but does that
does that feel like a like a an unbiased
way to describe me a guy who started a
comic in 1989 feels like there was an
attitude there anyway the point in the
article was that Kanye and anybody who
who is you know correct thinking in
their views should not associate with
anybody on their list of terrible's so I
was on the list of terrible's along with
you know Mike sort of itch thing Jack I
can never pronounce Jack's last name
pros sabe AK pros are being and you know
Alex Jones bunch of others
and I thought to myself this is really
the first time I can think of where
citizens are trying to restrict the
rights of other citizens and here's what
I'm talking about I because the
government the government does not
restrict by law or by the Constitution
who I can talk to who I can be friends
with who I can associate with so the
government of the United States in this
story is the good guy I know that that
rarely happens right where the
government is the good guy
so the government in this story did
everything right all the laws are just
the way you'd want them everybody can
talk to everybody we got freedom of
speech according to the law but we don't
really have that according to our fellow
citizens so there's a real serious push
to restrict the right of free
association now in the old days prior to
social media the society didn't have the
power so even if somebody in society
said oh I don't like it if that person
is having a conversation with this
person I don't like that there was
nothing they could do about it you know
maybe a newspaper could write about it
back in the old days but for the most
part the voice of the people you know
the mob if you will it wasn't that
powerful so the the peer the peer
influence of I don't like it that you're
talking to that person probably wouldn't
have stopped Kayne from talking to
anybody else and let's say you know 19
whatever before the Internet
but now that you've got the Internet and
now the Internet can you know can shame
and humility humiliate it can boycott it
can ruin reputations they can slander
and libel you can do all those things so
it's this big powerful influence and
while the government is leaving us alone
our right of free association is
actually being removed so I just
consider this imagine you're me and you
you look at an article online and you're
you're lumped with a bunch of terrible's
you're described as being a terrible
person or irrelevant or whatever and and
you get that for amplifying a message of
love right I don't think miss
characterizing the situation
I helped amplify Kanye's message about
love that's it that was my that was my
crime and for the crime of simply
associating with Kanye the world says I
can do that and now they're coming after
me and coming after everybody else but
here's why this is so dumb and
destructive let me give you a thought
experiment let's say you're a let's say
you're an african-american male and you
have two choices so it's just a mental
thought experiment one choice is that
you associate with other
african-american men and women and and
you stay you know stay away from people
like me stay away from you know all
contact with with people in my you know
my channel if you will people who who
for whatever reason have been defined as
the people you can't talk to it doesn't
matter if it's real or imagined they're
just defined that way all right so
that's one situation you're you're an
adult black male and you stay in your
lane
you're just talking to other black males
now compare that as a life strategy with
being friends I'm just going to use a
real person here with being friends with
while disagreeing with this is very
important while disagreeing with the
opinions of Mike Sirte Mitch
I'll just pick one name off there the
list of terrible's are you better off if
you're an adult black man
if you can call Mike Serta and ask
him for a favor or if he can't which of
those two life strategies gives you a
leg up you know which one connects you
to a world of people who could help you
do you know who can help the people who
don't have power well in many cases it's
people who you know themselves they'll
do what they can and other people who
don't have power and they can help they
can help lift each other up right but do
you know who can really really help
people who don't have power people who
have power and if you can't get to the
people who have power you can at least
get to the people who know them all
right so I'll use my sort of itch again
as my example if you're an adult black
male and you have his you know cell
phone number or you could contact him
and you could say hey it's it's me
whatever I would like to see if I can
connect with somebody who knows X or is
hiring this group or it could tell me
how to do this which of those two
situations gets you where you want to go
all right
so vise man I'm trying to control my
anger because I'm right on the edge just
I'm just right on the edge it's just
blowing up but but I'm not going to I'm
gonna pull it back the vise I'm talking
to you what you're doing with an article
like that in which you are explicitly
saying you can't talk to these people
who have committed no crimes they just
have maybe some views you didn't like
they've done some things you didn't like
et cetera you are doing a terrible
terrible human disservice all right
you're taking people who could find ways
to use the positive stuff and build from
there you know and you're you're
removing the greatest asset well I'm
going to say this directly
as I can there's there's something that
I've wanted to say that I haven't ever
said because I was afraid it would be
misinterpreted and I've suddenly lost my
fear of that the the and here it is the
greatest untapped resource that black
people have is that white people like to
help now I know that will be this is
going to be taken out of context and
somehow it'll turned into this big
racist thing some of you saw the viral
video that went around of it was a 17
year old African American girl and her
and her father had a tire blowout and
she took some pictures of the fellow who
stopped to help them change their tire
turned out to be a guy who was wearing a
confederate shirt had a confederate
tattoo and a confederate I think bumper
sticker on his truck and when she was
taking the pictures she was saying my
god my god you know maybe I shouldn't
have judged judged a book by its color
by its color I shouldn't have judged a
book by its cover and you know we really
appreciated this guy who we think should
have been our big enemy because he came
to help us you know he stopped he
volunteered he helped change our tire
got all dirty got nothing for it but
went on his way and she was surprised so
the the the tenor of her tweets in which
there were several were first of all
amazing you have to read you can find
them in my my tweet list but you have to
see him because she had such a mature
and fairly sudden change in just
understanding of how the world works and
she described it really well and she
said you know this guy the guy who
helped is great and we really appreciate
it
he doesn't understand how much that
symbolism affects us like because
because they don't the the context was
she couldn't believe that the guy this
nice would do something that would hurt
her so much by wearing these offensive
symbols so she assumed and I think she's
right that he simply sees the symbols as
something else he just doesn't see them
or feel them the way she does so he's a
bit oblivious to her pain because a guy
this nice certainly would not be hurting
strangers if he understood he was doing
him which was insanely mature for a
seventeen-year-old which is partly why
it's viral right now when I saw the
story of the guy who had a confederate
shirt on who had stopped to help two
african-american citizens who were in
trouble was I surprised no because one
of the things that you get as you know
sort of the natural advantage of being a
generic white guy is that you've met a
lot of generic white guys generic white
guys we hang around I know so many
generic white guys that I feel like you
know I have a little sense of how
generic white guys think and like I said
before the biggest untapped resource for
black people that is invisible to them
it's good I'm convinced they can't see
it it's just invisible is that white
people like to help it's it's it's
almost it's almost like a brand no not
every white person you know that the KKK
doesn't want to help you know or maybe
they would they might eat it too but
it's sort of baked into this white guy
stuff is we like to help and to the
point where it's actually a stereotype
you know if if your computer is broken
and some white guys walking by is it
late can I help no I got this now how
can I help I really don't need any help
I can help you maybe if you just reboot
it I got this I really don't need any
help you know white people
are so like helpful that we're annoying
and this is an immense resource so if
somebody is trying to eliminate our
right of free associate there's free
association do you know who that hurts
not white people do you today I could
call up I could probably get on the
phone within within an hour probably
five different billionaires now I'm an
unusual situation but my point is any of
the people on the list of vices
terrible's the people that should be
mocked and scorned and should never
never be allowed to say that Kanye met
Kanye West's message of love is a good
one all right those people are really
well connected these are some seriously
well-connected people so if there was
something you wanted where are you gonna
go how about the people who walk to help
and have the resources and they're
connected or they have money they can
invest they've advice the they have
stuff all right so vice what what you do
with an article like that where you're
you're ignoring the message entirely an
entire article which was nothing except
these people shouldn't talk to these
people because the world will explode
with you they're so horrible and these
people are so good or whatever but you
take away our right of free association
with your
articles trying to shame us try to
trying to cau cau us trying to make us
back up from our right to free
association you you vice and
everybody who tells me I can't talk to
whoever the I want to because I
like to be helpful and I'm gonna talk to
anybody I want to and if somebody needs
my help and you know I can do it and
it's you know a reasonable request I'm
gonna be helpful right so you vice
for making the world
first place you for I told you I
was gonna control my temper but it
didn't work out for me every person
who tells me who I can't talk to
 anybody who tells somebody else
they shouldn't talk to somebody who can
help them who is willing to help them
has a resources to help them and like
wants to make the better of the world a
better place
 every one of you right so that was
that was me controlling my anger so to
complete my picture you see over here
the Kayne missile which is taking a
direct hit on this old way of thinking
the old way of thinking is all you can't
talk to the people who might help you
don't talk to people who can make your
life better and he's blown this
into this all I'm doing is reporting
alright I'm not the missile I'm not the
missile I'm just talking about the
missile and if talking about the missile
is enough to earn national condemnation
well you and everybody who says I
can't talk about or to anybody at what
period that's all I've got for today