[Music]
hey
everybody I see you come on in here I
see many of you are running for your
cups your mugs your Steins your chalises
your cups your containers your glasses
and are you filling them with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and are
you doing it so that you can join me for
the simultaneous zp I think you are and
it's time now for the simultaneous zp
join
me all right you all want to talk about
uh Tulsi Gabbert saying she wants to run
for president but I don't have much to
say about that except that
um anytime Democrats have a strong woman
who's got any kind of ethnic interesting
thing going
on that's their strongest package Kamal
Aris tells a
gabard those two would be two to watch I
don't know much else about their
politics but I don't think it matters
and uh unfortunately it doesn't matter I
don't think their opinions on anything
matters it certainly not
yet so let's talk about some other
things then
um did you all see the story about um
Steve King let let me poll you how many
of you saw the story about Steve
King allegedly being
uh uh saying good things about white
supremacists so give me a yes or no how
many saw the story about Steve King and
what I'm doing here is I'm checking your
news
Silo because this is a story that only
exists in one silo if you look on Fox
News not
there if you look on CNN it's the
biggest
story right so all right so we're
getting a lot of yeses a lot of NOS
looks like about evenly split
maybe
perhaps some NOS some yeses yeah all
right so for those of you who have read
the news
today and you did not see the story
about Steve King you have to ask
yourself
if you're stuck in a newss silo are you
not
seeing big news and I think the answer
is you need to sample both sides to get
a get a sense of what the country is
saying now you might say one of those
sides is fake news and the other is not
but if you don't sample both sides you
really you don't have a good sense of
the of the world so CNN is reporting
that Steve King has been uh
he said a number of things over the
years and then especially something bad
that makes all the other things he said
over the years sound bad on
race and what he said
recently uh I don't have the exact quote
but it goes something like he was saying
that he's wondering
why uh why it is that quote white
nationalists and white supremacist are
are so bad when he sat in classes you
know learning that Western civilization
was good something like that
now if you read it if you read it on its
own it appears to say that he's saying
white supremacists are are you know good
people and I'm not going to read his
mind okay so remember my my rule is that
if somebody doesn't say it or they don't
you know do something it doesn't count
internal thoughts generally you should
ignore them you know even even if you
think you're accurate it's just not a
good world if we go around imagining
what we if we go around imagining what
other people are thinking and we imagine
they're thinking something
bad however in this case he actually
said the words he said the words you
know at least in that quote now here's
the question I ask
myself uh he has also sad that he
doesn't he doesn't support any kind of
you know bigotry
Etc uh if he had been stopped at the
moment he said that if somebody had
stopped him say wait a minute wait a
minute I know you're talking fast and
you you kind of Blended some things
together there did you intentionally
mean to
say that white supremacy is okay yeah if
whoever he had been talking to it just
stopped him and said wait wait I thought
you I thought I just heard you say
white supremacy is
okay would he have said oh yeah that's
exactly what I
meant I don't think
so I don't think there's any chance that
if they stopped him and said that's
that's not clear you know what are you
saying are you saying that you're favor
of way Supremacy I don't think he would
have said yes that's what I meant um and
and of course he clarified later uh etc
etc so I'm I'm going to frame it this
way whether or
not he uh you know was thinking it meant
it you know whether he was you know
telling the truth this time and not the
truth the other time I'm not sure it
matters in this case in this particular
case uh it was sort of a political error
that I don't think is recoverable beyond
that it's almost a death blow for the
the
wall in other words it is uh it works so
well in the the U the opposition
parties's narrative that the real reason
for a wall is racism It just fits so
perfectly within that
narrative that I almost think it killed
the wall it it almost made the wall
impossible so Steve King may have
single-handedly with the help of CNN and
whoever else boosts the story he may
have single-handedly killed the
immigration argument you know Trump
might have to just give up at this
point I
mean you know I'm not saying that Trump
will give up that doesn't seem to be his
his nature but if you're looking if
you're scoring what's a good day for CNN
and what's a good day for the president
this is a a good day for
CNN uh I don't know how he could
possibly recover from that but again if
you're looking for a standard of how to
judge people I would judge them by what
they you know what they clarify they
mean I would never judge them by what we
thought we heard when they were speaking
speaking quickly now what I think he
probably
did was he was talking about white
nationalism no well I don't know what he
was talking about I don't I can't think
of actually a good way to explain that
so I won't try but I'm pretty sure it
didn't come out exactly the way he
wanted it to come out but it doesn't
matter it doesn't matter because there I
think reasonable people are going to
look at that and they're going to say I
think he said what he meant to
say but ask yourself
this do you think that uh a sitting
Senator he's a senator right is he a
senator or representative I don't know
but whatever he is do you think that if
somebody said hey why don't you go on TV
and tell the country that you're you
know you you like white
supremacy representative
Congressman do you think do you think
that he would have consciously made that
decision to say that in public and the
answer is not a chance there isn't the
slightest chance that in a conscious way
he would say those words in public
even if he thought they were true so
whether he didn't believe it and it was
accidental or he did exactly believe
it in either case nobody would say those
words in
public they would they would uh they
would know that the repercussions would
be exactly what they are so from that
perspective it's unlikely that it came
out the way he would have said it if he
had thought about it
carefully uh and in so doing it is
created
the impression that people know what his
inner thoughts are and that they're
terrible and I don't know what his inner
thoughts are so I don't have an opinion
on that but uh I I will say though it
doesn't look
recoverable it really doesn't so I I
won't defend him probably somebody's
going to take this out of context later
and say uh cartoonist defends terrible
person that's not what I'm doing he
probably screwed the GOP harder than
they ever been
screwed uh if if you were if you were a
member of the GOP you'd want to get rid
of that guy as quickly as
possible so not helping he's not helping
so that's my opinion all right let's
talk
about uh president Trump tweeted that he
wanted to make it uh easier for the H1B
Visa immigrants the people who typically
are college educated I think all of them
and are working in technology
especially and uh it wants to even give
them a make the make it simpler to stay
and even give them a path to
citizenship so this is perfectly
timed because it works against the
narrative that all he wants to do is
keep brown people out of the country now
what I'm waiting to see and it feels
like this would be an important data
point and I don't know I haven't seen it
reported yet yet maybe some of you know
can anybody tell me what percentage of
H1B Visa people
are uh White and how many are
non-white because that's sort of
important context isn't it since the
discussion about the Border has turned
into a racist versus non-racist
discussion if the president is promoting
H1B
Visa um improvements so that there are
more of them and not fewer of them what
percentage I see somebody saying 80% are
Asian Indian but I don't is that
true because there must be a lot of
Europeans in that mix
right
uh 90% from India blah blah blah all
right so uh all I would ask is that our
news sources since they have decided to
frame this as a race related discussion
you know the entire immigration thing
president Trump has said from the
beginning no it's not about race we want
as many productive people as we can get
and we want as few unproductive people
and that's the only criteria now if
that's
true and the H1B Visa is consistent with
those past statements that's big
news because it would work work very
much against the idea that we're trying
to keep pound people because of ethnic
near skin color and it would it work
perfectly within the theory that uh he
wanted smarter capable productive people
who were adding to the
country now remember I've told you many
many times that the way you can judge
your worldview you know I've said that
we're living in different
movies and we can live in different
movies because confirmation bias will
make it seem as though everything that's
happening is just exactly consistent
with our completely different movies and
you've you've seen that in real time but
I've said that um the way to test your
worldview is with prediction so if one
world viiew predicts accurately what
will happen and the other world view
predicts incorrectly what will happen
consistently that should tell you
something the worldview that says that
the president is concerned about
National Security and immigration and
crime and that it's not
racist would have predicted and did
predict that he would be trying to
improve the number of you know uh ethnic
groups coming into the country as long
as they were in the qualified group so
his statement about the H1B visas is
completely consistent with the movie
that says no he's being misinterpreted
this this is just normal immigration
control normal looking out for the
country it's about qualifications it's
about making sure that we know who's
coming in it's about making sure that
they add to the country and not subtract
so that movie is completely consistent
with him saying hey yeah let's make the
H1B Visa process better and even give
them a road to citizenship completely an
unnecessary step right um but the other
movie
this is completely
inconsistent cuz how can you explain
that he would want more of the people
that your entire point of view depends
on him not
wanting so they've got a problem
explaining their world view they have
pivoted to this very convenient Steve
Steve King thing because the Steve King
thing fits perfectly in their
worldview now the other movie where the
president is not operating on a race
basis but on an immigration basis has to
explain why they can tolerate Steve King
so that's a problem now now of course
they it's typical for the president to
just support everybody who's Republican
no matter what the hell they're doing
because it's just political convenience
to have as many Republicans as on your
side in this case he's got a real
problem so this this Steve King thing uh
is a problem for the president you
probably you may NE you may never even
you might not even see it reported on
the conservative news sites I I wonder
if they'll even talk about it today uh
but it's going to be the big news on CNN
and it will be uh big
problem all
right um what are the other topics we
wanted to talk talk
about Scott got Hawk Newsome wrong did I
get him wrong no I have a difference in
strategy my my differences with h Nome
were on strategy and his strategy that
he preferred which is to make it about
race was just not one I could be
associated
with
so uh and if your strategy is race-based
that's
racism all right yeah I saw
B yeah bet oror apparently uh did he
live stream or did he just take photos
but anyway he was doing social media
while he was getting his teeth clean so
he had his mouth open and it was a
picture of his face with his mouth open
and I thought to
myself all right when when rpos did her
live stream where she was cooking that
was Innovative and clever and fun but
then Bo took something that was
Innovative and clever and fun and he
took it to the dental office and showed
his he showed his
teeth that's a little too
personal thank you but we'd like less of
that let let's give us a lot less of
that so I don't think beta Beto has
quite the
Instinct doesn't quite have the Instinct
for this
um now let's talk about I think I had at
least oh yeah let me let me ask you this
so we keep hearing about um there are
two stories that we keep hearing about
and it's funny how they come together
one story of course is that uh
terrorists are getting radicalized on
the Internet some would say they're
self- radicalizing meaning they're going
to the internet and reading all the
wrong things and it radicalizes them and
some are saying that they're being
radicalized by people on the internet
but in both cases let me ask you
this can the social media companies
identify somebody who's who's looking
around for radical stuff and the answer
has to be yes wouldn't you think don't
you think that our social media
companies and and therefore the CIA and
the FBI don't you think that they can
identify people who are who are in the
beginning stages of radicalization or
self-radicalization now the only way
that they couldn't do that is if if all
that's going on you know behind some
kind of you know weird encrypted
situation but I don't think that exists
does it I mean you know if you're trying
to self- radicalize you're probably
leaving a pretty big
footprint now here's the problem we
can't go arresting people just because
they Googled the wrong stuff cuz I will
tell you that I've Googled the wrong
stuff i' I've certainly looked at some
I've tried to find some you know Isis
stuff online once in a while just
because I'm trying to figure out what's
going on so you wouldn't want to you
wouldn't want people to get in trouble
in the real world for essentially a
thought crime somebody just Googling a
topic even if the topic might radicalize
them you wouldn't want to have that
risk but
but
but don't we also believe that the
social media companies can change our
opinions by what they feed us is it not
in
evidence that advertising works is it
not in evidence that the the ratio of
stuff that you consume makes a
difference if you see more of this and
less of this it will make a difference
so we know that the social media
companies can
effectively program people we know for
example that if you watch CNN you will
come to hate the president if you watch
Fox News only you'll come to think he's
doing a great job so we know without any
question that our media can I'm going to
say brainwash us and that we're all
being brainwashed all the time and quite
effectively now we have some choice
about which Silo of information we watch
so we can self- radicalize as CNN
Watchers or we can self- radicalize as
Fox News Watchers but here's my question
let's put those two things together
people are self- radicalizing to do bad
things they might become terrorists at
the same time our social media can
totally identify those people by their
behavior and can program those
people any way that we
want are we and if we're not why not are
we not intentionally sending messages to
the people who are trying to self-
radicalize to Simply brainwash them back
to
harmlessness and if we're not doing
that why
not uh it seems to
me that we have the technology we could
you know we could test it you know there
there are ways that you could test your
messages you could even test test it
with you know if you're the government
you can put all kinds of resources into
the test right you could take people who
are let's say you've identified as
potentially radicals you can put some
brain scans on them you can send them
different messages you can see which
part of the brain lights up you could
probably find out through a rigorous
process of testing that some messages
will
effectively uh
deradicalize somebody who is trying to
self- radicalized or they're getting
radicalized um for Isis or
whatever so it seems to me that
artificial intelligence plus the impact
of social media and and how it could
send selected me messages and test them
should be able to deprogram somebody
from terrorism before they get too far
into
it now can anybody tell me that's not
technically possible
or even impractical it's not too
expensive right it's not technically
impossible it's not expensive and I
don't see any
downside somebody saying it's
unethical but keep in mind that we're
all being U brainwashed and manipulated
all the time by all of our media sources
and by the government
so we live in we live in a world in
which you don't have a choice of being
unhypnotized nobody has a choice of
being the one who is not being
manipulated you don't get the option of
being the person who's not being
brainwashed nobody gets that choice we
we're way past the point where there are
some people being hypnotized and
brainwashed and some people are not we
don't live in that world we are all
being brainwashed consistently all day
long by different forces and for
different reasons and with different
levels of intensity and different levels
of Effectiveness but it's all happening
and to all of us all the time I don't
see why we couldn't use the same
technology to make sure that if anybody
gets a gets a toe into the Isis
messaging that they are then immediately
surrounded with everything from
advertisements to images to uh story
choices to things that come up in the
top of their search until everything
that else they see works against the
messages that Isis is giving them now
you'd have to do a lot of testing to
find out the most effective
anti-terrorist messaging but that's all
really doable it's the the stuff we can
we can do most easily so I just put that
out there now I want to give you the
most fun idea that I've had recently are
you ready here's the most fun idea I've
had had
recently I believe that there is a the
theoretical number of
dogs that could solve
immigration dogs there is a theoretical
number of dogs we could train to not
need a border
wall now I'm not saying you that you
train the dogs to hurt people in fact
you should trade them the opposite they
should actually stay away from people
but imagine that you you you beef up the
number of sniffing dogs all right so you
got lots of sniffers so that's the first
thing I'm sure there's some kind of
shortage of training dogs the second is
would it be possible just to have lots
of dogs who sort of live and are but but
are taken care of they're trained dogs
who just sort of live on the border and
look for people and if they see people
they bark you know that's all they just
see people and they bark and then they
point at the people they've got a
they've got a sense and a GPS on their
neck so you're sitting back in the home
office and a dog barks its bark collar
activates because it knows the dog is
barking it knows which direction the dog
is looking and then suddenly you got a
couple of other dogs in the area and
they're barking in the same direction
and you've
triangulated a human being who's coming
across the border now the dogs don't
approach them the dogs just identify
bark and then you know go go along go on
their business CU you don't want them to
have contact you don't want them to try
to kill the dog you don't want the dog
to get in a fight Etc now I know it's my
worst idea possibly that I've ever had
oh somebody saying robo dogs yeah I
think I think it won't be long before uh
literally autonomous robots are
patrolling the Border areas I'm not sure
that that's Kinder and gentler than
Border Collies somebody said Border
Collies nicely done
all right
um uh let's talk about climate science I
will do this at the end of my podcast so
that people who are tired of this topic
don't need to watch it now for those of
you who are new you know that I don't
have a take on climate science in terms
of you know which side I'm on I'm on
this fence and I'm doing a deep dive
while you watch to see my experience as
I'm figuring out what is a conspiracy
theory what is ridiculous what is
reliable and I'm taking on you know
they're probably 25 different topics I'm
trying to take them on one at a time and
see where we get one of the interesting
things that came out of this was
somebody sent a study that said that the
people who are most likely to doubt
climate science are white
males and and I thought to myself well
that's kind of racist even if it's true
and then in the same article it said uh
and it was sent to me as sort of a
mocking thing to say hey isn't it a
coincidence that it's only the white
males who who are opposing this and in
the same article they sent it said in
another paragraph that uh the more
people knew about climate science within
this group so it's I think it's just the
white males but it said that the more
they reported that they knew about
climate science the less they believed
it and I thought about that and I
thought huh I wonder if you could
reproduce
that wouldn't you love to see a a test
where you have people's self-report
because this was based on self-reporting
imagine if you had a test where you
where people self-reported how much they
know about climate change and then after
that you educate them so you just give
them you know you give them a lot of
information you tell them the skeptical
argument you tell them you know what the
scientists say to debunk the skeptical
argument and a little back and forth and
you just give them as much as you can of
the better skeptical arguments along
with the most solid and well represented
scientific consensus arguments and then
you test them at the end and you ask are
you more convinced that climate change
is a problem and caused by humans or
less what which way do you think that
would go
do you think that people who went
through this education process would be
like this one study found that the more
they knew the more skeptical they were
or would it be the opposite the more
they knew the more convinced they would
be that the the scientists got it right
which way would it Go and would it be
the same for every demographic group in
other words if if you're an older person
would you come to the same conclusion as
if you were younger I don't know
uh I'm going to get rid of the people
who say stop talking about climate
change blocked all right I'm I'm telling
you in advance that I'm going to talk
about climate change for a long time
it'll be at the end of the periscopes if
your comment is that it's boring I'm
going to block you because you have the
option of just not watching right I'm
not going to change the content for a
few of you who are who are telling me
it's boring that you're you're not
welcome if that's your point let's and
let's face it it is literally the
biggest problem in the world or not
don't you want to know the
answer self-reporting is not reliable
yeah that's so somebody said a
self-reported self-reporting about how
much you know about climate science is
not reliable and you are exactly correct
which is why I'm wondering if you could
reproduce it in a way that was a little
bit more reliable so you give somebody a
test maybe test them to see how much
they know and then test
afterwards um now here's the next topic
I've gotten to so so I've been drilling
down on all of the various skeptical
charges I'll tell you the ones I've
rejected I've rejected climate gate as
being a good skeptical argument it's
just stuff taken out of context it's
just people talking in a casual way I
give it no credibility now again
remember when I talk about this topic
I'm talking about what is
persuasive and what looks credible to me
a non-scientist who has a legitimate
concern and wants to understand the
topic right I'm not a scientist I'm a
citizen trying to understand it because
it's
important right so if I say something is
credible that doesn't mean it's true it
just means that it's the winning
argument in my mind at the moment so at
the moment I would reject that I would
also reject um changes in the sun people
say oh it's a son it's a son I reject
that having looked at both arguments
because it is sort of crazy to think
that the scientist hadn't considered the
Sun so the Skeptics who say oh my God
you've got it all wrong it's just the
sun is absurd and ridiculous on the
surface you have this enormous industry
of people who are studying the climate
and the idea is is they hadn't figured
out that the sun makes a difference and
that the you know the differences in the
sun cycles and stuff indeed if you look
at a little bit of the climate science
you will see that they have calculated
in the sun they have rejected it as the
explanation for the past and then it
comes into this next Story how many of
you have seen the famous um skeptical
chart of the ancient history you know
not the last hundred years but the last
you know many millions of years
and where it shows that the graph for
CO2 doesn't match the temperature and
therefore if in the past CO2 and
temperature were not aligned it's
probably not true today either how many
of you have seen that skeptical chart
and and and therefore concluded as I did
the first time I saw it was like whoa is
this
true right that skeptical chart is a
fraud
and apparently it is one of the most
persuasive frauds in this uh topic
here's why it's a fraud do you know what
the Skeptics left out from their chart
that shows that CO2 and temperature are
not aligned what did they leave out the
sun that's right if you calculate in um
sun and what we know the sun was doing
then apparently the sun was less bright
4% less bright and some millions of
years ago and now it's getting slightly
brighter if you calculate that in CO2
and temperature are in lock step so if
you have been convinced the CO2 can't be
the reason because you say there's that
old chart where CO2 and temperature
don't match up then you are forgetting
about the
sun because once the sun is matched put
in they match all right right so I
debunk that
claim and I would say that's that's a
pretty strong debunk but everything I
say should be judged as
preliminary um let's see what are the
other things we've debunked so far
um yeah
so so the question is not that the sun
matters or doesn't matter that's the
wrong question the climate scientists
say the sun definitely matters and that
when you calculate in the sun's the
sun's impact today and in the past it
does conform with their climate
theories right so the scientists are not
ignoring the sun they absolutely have to
include it or else their Theory doesn't
work so the Skeptics saying you're
forgetting about the sun they're the
worst Skeptics because that's the
opposite of what's Happening they're
very much including the sun now uh so
the remaining things which I have
skepticism on are whether we're
accurately ma measuring the temperature
and AC accurately measuring sea level
and let's say ice and the the other
argument that is the worst skeptical
argument goes like this the climate is
always changing therefore the climate is
still
changing that's the worst
argument why
because the climate scientists are not
making the argument that the climate is
changing that part everyone agrees on
the Skeptics agree the scientists agree
the CL the the experts are saying it's
changing at an increasing rate and when
you control for all the other variables
we know to control CO2 seems to be the
one that's matching the line right so
that's the argument it is not a rebuttal
to say that the climate always
changes the rebuttal would be does it
always change at has it ever changed at
this rate before because if that's the
case then you You' got a problem with
the theory um as I said before I think
it was uh uh which skeptic uh ly Linden
Richard lindsen who shows the official
climate scientist graph and says if
you're worried about the rate going up
here here on the same graph you can you
see that it went up the same rate
before now I haven't seen that skeptical
claim debunked so if anybody can give me
a debunk to that very specific point I'd
like to see it so so here's here's the
debunk that uh lindsen is using the
official climate scientist data which
they would agree is the correct data
he's saying that you can't say that the
rate is what's important because you can
see on your own graph there's another
point
earlier in the century I guess when the
rate went up as
quickly let's see a debunk to that the
other thing that I'm looking into is the
idea that CO2 actually has the um
actually has the impact on the
environment that the science assumes so
science says some version of this this
is the non-scientist version that the
CO2 in the atmosphere will cause more
cloud formation and then the cloud
formation will cause the
warming or something like that that's
that's close enough for
non-scientists other skeptical
scientists say that that has never been
demonstrated to which I say what that
must be the most easy thing to
demonstrate and the experts will say yes
we can demonstrate in the lab anytime we
want that putting CO2 in a in a box and
adding air adding heat warms up the
box the Skeptics say but Earth is not a
box Earth is an open system where where
heat radiates out into the universe now
the CO2 and the cloud cover that are are
sort of linked with
CO2 those things become a a semi
insulator but still a lot of heat gets
out but the semi insulation would be
enough to warm up the the
earth now there's actually debate on
whether that the most basic mechanism is
even true so I think uh haer he's a
famous skeptic says that from a a
physics standpoint it's just not not
true uh I'm sort of digging into that a
little bit I want to see the argument on
both
sides um the part that I'm having
trouble
believing is that we can model what's
happening with the clouds because
apparently there are certain types of
clouds which will make it warmer than
other clouds and I'm thinking to myself
can we really model the Earth well
enough that we know what type of cloud
and what height 80 years into the future
and how all this is working and I say to
myself on the surface that doesn't sound
like a credible claim that we have the
technology to model clouds and oceans
and we know what the temperature is the
bottom of the ocean Etc
so uh it would be hard to convince me
that we can do that with the Precision
we need but that's the story so I'm
digging I'm digging down I'm still on
the fence um but I will say uh let me
tell you this I will say that the
critics the the skeptical arguments
about climate
change um are seem in some ways just as
bad as the climate scientists claim
from what I can tell or let let me put
it in in another way there are some
claims that both the Skeptics in the
scientists make that are a bit
impenetrable to me in other words there
are things that you know as a
non-scientist who isn't studying the
topic and doesn't know all the related
things it'd be hard for me to know
what's true and what isn't but yet both
the Skeptics and the scientists make
lots of claims that are somewhat easy to
have an opinion on even if you're
wrong that look like BS so it looks to
me like both
groups have a lot of BS in the way
they're presenting the
material so that's why I'm on the fence
I I would say neither group is reliable
at this point completely reliable all
right both groups have some good points
but neither group is completely reliable
at this point all right um
yeah I don't think I'll write a book on
this topic but I'm going to I'm going to
have a chapter in which I talk about how
we think about it so I'm more interested
in how we think about climate science
than I am well I'm also interested in
the in the answer of
course the alarmists have to make the
case well they have the alarmists have
made their case and they won the the
dominant opinion in the country is that
climate change is real right and a
problem so they made their case and they
won
uh the skeptical arguments that you call
bad were addressing specific stupid
points made by
alarmists
well that's a general statement if you
get you have something specific I'll
listen to
it uh yeah so being skeptical about
what's going to happen in the next years
is quite
reasonable but questioning whether or
not we can see this warming all right so
here's
um the the worst argument from the
climate scien scientist perspective is
that we have these models and they've
worked in the past and we're pretty sure
they'll work in the future that
argument is largely nonsense because it
follows the scam pattern of having lots
of models some some of them are going to
make fit the future because you have
lots of models and so of course
something's going to fit and they've
also also been adjusted to the past and
tweaked as much as they can until they
fit the past so the the the claim about
the models is completely
noncredible so I I have a preliminary
conclusion that the climate scientist
models are far more than
science that's different from saying
they're wrong
because their main case seems to be
supportable without any models at all
and the main case is that it appears
things in the last 100 years have warmed
up at a rate that can't be explained by
any other variable we can isolate that's
a pretty strong claim and I would say
that the climate scientists have the
stronger argument about the basic thing
which is hey you better watch out if it
keeps going up like this we're in
trouble that's all I need to hear as
soon as you throw that model in there
I'm I've lost I've given up all
credibility in the argument but the
basic argument seems pretty pretty solid
it's called water
vapor now how many of you are aware that
the the clouds are at least uh in some
part caused by CO2 so those of you who
say it's the clouds you idiot or it's
the water Vapor you idiot do you not
know that the argument is that the
clouds in the water vapor are being
influenced by the CO2 so if you keep
saying all right so here's the dumbest
skeptical argument and you're seeing a
lot of people saying it right now and I
hate to I hate to call it dumb but
there's no other way to put it to just
say it's the clouds and the water
vapor is simply
dumb because the argument that you're
arguing against is that it's the clouds
in the water vapor right so let me say
this again the clienti the scientists
are saying the CO2 is influencing you
know the water in the air that's the
whole
point that's the whole point they're
saying CO2 is influencing how much water
is in the air and that's that's what's
changing the warming if your argument is
it's the water vapor it's the clouds you
are agreeing with the scientists if you
can't go to the next point which says
the CO2 does not cause water vapor to
change which I think you would be
disagreeing with literally everyone in
science ever if you can't get to that
point you shouldn't talk in public about
climate
science all
right somebody says clouds are a
negative feedback versus a positive
feedback and what that means is that
somebody's saying that the clouds are
would cause more cooling than warming
the problem problem is is some types of
clouds cause some warming some types of
clouds and I think it has to do with the
height of the cloud uh cause some
Cooling and that we may not be able to
model that now that's a fair point if
your point is we can't model the
differences in the clouds I would say
well that's you're on strong territory
there you might be right you might be
wrong but at least that's a fair thing
to say if the if the if the only depth
you can go to in this argument is to say
it's not CO2 it's clouds then you don't
even understand the argument which is
CO2 is affecting the clouds which is
causing the
warming uh alarmists haven't shown the
CO2 affects
clouds I would say um that claim is the
one I'm going to drill down on to all
right so somebody said here that the
scientists have not demonstrated the CO2
actually doesn't even change clouds at
all
my assumption without digging down is
that that's probably a ridiculous
skeptical claim I would think and again
I haven't looked into the the next level
of argument but if I had to guess you
know gun to head have scientists figured
out that CO2 can change cloud cover in
any way I'm going to say that that's
probably close to 100%
likely but the the Skeptics are very
strong in saying no that that impact
hasn't been made so I'm going to listen
to the argument and I invite somebody to
send me uh a reputation of that to show
me that there's no impact on clouds from
CO2 uh and then I'll look for the the
scientific argument against that but
that's that's the next thing to look at
all right so that's what I'll look at
next uh can you block everyone saying
clouds maybe I will uh because we've
ruled that out at some point I'm going
to make a list of all the things I've
ruled
out um I may not may not ever get to you
know the full story here oh yeah
somebody's asked me to talk about the
FBI and the so the New York Times has a
new story that says the FBI opened the
investigation in part because uh Trump
made that joke during the uh during the
debates about hey Russia if you have
those Hillary's emails uh I don't know
that there's anything new in this story
it just feels like they they're finding
any excuse to just regurgitate more
Russia collusion story so it feels like
a big
nothing anyway that's all I got to say
and I will talk to youall later