everything's working perfectly this
[Music]
morning good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and I don't think there's
ever been a better time and if you'd
like to take this experience up to
levels that people can't even imagine
all you need for that is a cuper Mugger
glass a tanker cheler Stein a kenting
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure it's the dopamine
hit of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go oh good thanks
Paul all right well here's an update
there's a study finds that there's a
molecule in
coffee that might improve your muscle
function especially during
aging so you think I'm going to get
older and weaker never I'm just going to
drink more coffee now is this the sort
of study that you should believe is true
because it's a study well I don't know
what's more believable than a study
about coffee that's funded by a Coffee
manufacturer which this one
is so so I wouldn't replace your
exercise routine with coffee yet but on
the other
hand I would definitely drink coffee if
you're going to exercise got the
hiccups more good news maybe there's a
startup called oiva Therapeutics they
think they can give women a shot that
would allow them to put off menopause as
long as they want so menopause could be
optional fairly soon if this if the
startup
succeeds and uh I think you know what
that
means if you can put off menopause
indefinitely more Gils lots of
guils now that's hilarious for those who
know what I'm talking about the rest of
you are like what what did you say
what's a
Gil ask your ask your husband ladies he
probably
knows well more mystery about all cause
mortality
of course we're all suspecting it's the
pandemic it's the co it's the shots
we've all got our opinions but turns out
that in the United States the all cause
mortality was getting really bad before
2019 so prior to the pandemic even
starting the US was on a really bad all
cor mortality problem especially for
people in the
working uh the working age people so
apparently uh all cause mortality in
2019 for us males and females was 2 and
a half times higher than in other high
income peer
countries so compared to other countries
Americans were dying at way higher rates
now a lot of that was suicide and
alcohol and
overdoses and uh bad driving so probably
we do a lot more of that in the United
States just guessing uh but there might
be more to it might might be the food
yeah it's definitely the fentil the food
the uh the depression it's all
that basically 100% of everything that's
happening is killing us that's your
summary what about using your phone
that's probably that's probably killing
you okay but when I'm not using my phone
I'll I'll go work at my soul sucking job
in my cubicle it's probably killing you
probably killing you and uh I'll be
taking care of the family and driving
people around so I won't have time to
exercise today yeah it's probably
killing you probably killing you well at
least we can all sit down and have a
nice family dinner food supply food
supply is probably killing you well but
at least we have good healthc care
because I can get my prescriptions and
get my meds good luck with that probably
killing
you anyway I saw a post by Seiki Chen
who says the AI found a way to evolve
great you know the only thing that could
be scarier than the rise of AI and
robots would be if they've learned how
to evolve but apparently they have
through the human through human
interaction so there's a uh new process
where they can take hundreds of AI
models that have been trained with
different data and they can merge them
and evolve them just like genetics just
like people getting married having kids
or not getting married and having kids
the genetic uh say qualities of one
model can be combined with the genetic
qualities of another and lots of others
as well and create a hybrid AI That's
better than any of the individual
models now that's a little
scary but even scarier than that I saw a
demo of a robot AI powered robot that
had very human face and
eyes really really human face as in uhoh
that looks like a real human
face now the eyes were unusually good
but uh if you're a robot maker uh I'm
going to give you the key to make your
robot if you want a robot that has a
human face I'm going to make yours
better than all the rest here's a little
trick from a hypnotist which you
probably wouldn't know if you were just
a robot
maker it's not going to be good enough
that the eyes are
static in other words if the eyes are
just these big fake you know glass eyes
and they're not doing anything they're
also not changing size based on
circumstance I don't know if you know
this but you can tell exactly what
somebody thinks of you by the size of
their Iris did you know that I I
sometimes talk to people who don't know
that you can tell what people think of
you with 100% certainty you you look at
the dark spot in the center of their
eyes and when people see something that
they like it gets bigger and when they
see something they're not crazy about it
gets smaller now it also gets bigger and
smaller based on how much light is in
the room so what you're looking at is
the difference you know within an
environment you know don't look at
somebody's changing environments but if
they've been in a room for a while and
they turn toward you and they're the
middle of their eyes is wide they want
to get busy with
you they want to have sex with you marry
you fall in love with you and it's it's
probably the simplest one you could
spot how many of you didn't know that
the the size of the you know the round
part of the eye in the middle is telling
you everything you need to know about
somebody's thoughts does anybody didn't
know
that the answer to why is that your eyes
seem to widen when you see anything you
like so it would also be the same if you
saw a new car you liked you know the
first time you saw a Tesla truck or
something your your eyes would widen now
if you've never how I I'd love to see in
the comments how how many of you let's
say dilated dilated is the better word
how many of you didn't know
that because I can't even imagine going
through my life not knowing
that the the other thing I hear young
people say
I'm often asked for advice and they'll
say you know I can't tell based on this
person's actions whether they like me or
whether they're just being
polite and I think to myself I never
have that question I haven't had that
question since I was in my 20s because
once you learn that you can just tell by
looking at somebody's eyes I just look
at their eyes and I know immediately and
it's never been
wrong and especially there situations
where the actions of a person are not
really giving you the green light you
know you're looking for the green light
if let say you're in a dating situation
but all you have to do is look at the
iris if the iris is cooperating green
light it's never been wrong all right
yeah it's the most reliable way you can
tell what somebody's
thinking um well humans had a good run I
mean once we get to these robots that
look just like people it's going to go
exactly the way you think it will they
will be replacing people as mates and
and friends and and lovers it's
guaranteed there's no way it's not going
to robots will have
genitalia do you think there's any
chance that robots won't have
genitalia now I'm sure that the you like
the tessla ones may might not but if
somebody's going to make
one you know somebody's going to make a
robot that's fully functional you know
they will
um imagine if you're a single woman and
you've got a good job you know you've
got a good enough job that you could buy
let's say the house you want and the car
you want so You' probably be able to
also afford the robot you want imagine
if you had a robot that could do your
security your chores you put the dishes
away and talk to you and listen to your
problems and give you
advice you will fall in love with it you
will fall in love with it and women will
be marrying robots men too for more
sexual reasons
probably anyway Tennessee's got a uh a
bill they're signing it looks like
Governor is going to sign it called the
Elvis act in which you can protect
artists voices so I guess this is to
keep AI from stealing Elvis's voice and
making Elvis records or something now um
I think I'm in favor of this but I guess
there's a really bigger question the big
bigger question is are we just going to
have to get rid of Ip rights for all
artists is the inevitable
conclusion that the law will just have
to change and there just won't be
anything protected because I think it's
going to be too hard to navigate this
whole where did the robot get that now
if a person goes on a podcast and they
say a bunch of things that you know they
got from somebody else you might say oh
I know what book you read or I know who
you listen to to get that we we're okay
with that because if a human being hears
an opinion and then says I like that
opinion it becomes their opinion like
you can't really own an opinion so when
a human being says something that they
saw in a book you go oh you just learned
something and now you're showing that
you learned it cool but what happens if
a robot starts doing that if a robot
shows a complete knowledge of let's say
somebody's body of work let's say
mine is that fair
why can the
robot absorb all of my material and then
regurgitate it for free how's that how's
that fair to me is now this is why I
raise it that I don't think you can
satisfy the artists the artists are
going to want more protection than is
really
practical um but it might it might
destroy the business model of artists
that's entirely possible it might just
make it impossible to make a living as
an artist and then if if artists can't
make a living and nobody buys a
book then uh probably we just get rid of
all intellectual property rights and it
may be just because there's no way to
protect them you was we just give up
that might
happen all right uh in my state
California uh Wall Street Apes is
reporting there's a group of large beefy
men who are k they're basically squatter
defeaters so they'll come to your house
that has a squatter in it and they'll
remove the
doors they'll take the doors off your
house now they looked like they were
doing it pretty let's say uh with malice
so I wouldn't want somebody ripping all
the doors off of my house but I suppose
if that's your best option but at the
same time a bunch of
Haiti gangs have formed I'll I'll tie
these stories together in a minute over
in Haiti 200 gangs have reportedly
reached a temporary truce so they they
can focus their fire on the government
and the
police so 200 criminal
gangs have found a way to work in
coordination with each
other what does that tell
you don't you think they should be
running the
country if you can get 200 gangs to
coordinate their their actions what
could be harder than that who in the
world made that happen was that barbecue
if barbecue made that happen barbecue
should be running for president
legitimately I mean honestly could it be
worse has Haiti ever had like a good you
know any kind of a good government or
anything I don't know maybe for a little
while but uh put the put the criminals
in charge and see if they want to go
straight because they might they might
actually just want
have a good job and be the president
it's possible it's possible yeah unless
the CIA is behind the criminals anything
is
possible but a lot of the Haiti some of
the Haiti people are coming to America
refugees um if some of them are gang
members coming from Haiti I would like
to hire them in case I need a squatter
service cuz I feel like sending in the
Haiti criminals to get people out of
your house the squatters would be like
more effective than sending in the the
Americans who don't want to go to jail
and have never committed a crime in
their
life I want some I want some dangerous
people to show up so give me some hati
Haiti
gangs well I let me give you an update
on the Don Lemon thing so you know as
you f as you know Don Lemon interviewed
Elon Musk and he was going to bring his
show to X which he has and it didn't go
well and I guess the the contract that
they were working on got cancelled and
the story was that that Don Lemon had
asked for a whole bunch of ridiculous
things like a first interview in space
and a free Tesla and uh let's say
editorial control over who comes on the
platform crazy stuff crazy stuff but I
realized that there's a um a filter on
this that most of you don't know and it
goes like this
when I was doing a lot of public
speaking um and dilbur was much hotter
than it is now um I was always treated
as a
celebrity so what if I did a
contract um it was not unusual for the
people to see if I had an agent working
for me that did the uh the speaking deal
so the speakers bureaus have you know
people that they assign to you if you're
going to do a a deal through them and
one of one of the weirdest questions I
would get is what kind of of outrageous
celebrity demands I would have to put on
the buyer you know the person who was
paying me to
speak and I would say what do you mean
and they would give examples it's like
well you know like there's this one
group that wants uh M&M's in their green
room but you have to pick out the red
ones I'm like well you know I don't
really need any M&M's and then they
would make suggestions of other
ridiculous
requests and what I learned was that in
the entertainment World which is what
Don Lemon was because he's a TV guy uh
the process of asking for outrageous
requests is the normal system how many
of you knew that did did you know that
part of the theater of being a celebrity
in the TV Hollywood world is that you
intentionally ask for ridiculous things
because it's just part of your persona
it's part of the celebrity thing and if
don't want those ridiculous things your
agent will feel they're not doing their
job the the agents are very much
intentionally asking for ridiculous
things now if you were in that
world as I have been if I had been the
one negotiating that I would have seen I
would have seen Don lemon's ridiculous
asks and the first thing I would have
known was he didn't ask for those things
that's his agent the agent is building
up the client and you know being
aggressive and asking for as much as you
can but it's more about the Persona the
celebr you know the the theater that
goes around a celebrity it's not really
serious meaning that those were not deal
breaker
requests all Tesla had to do was say no
we we just normal we do normal
contracts that's it that's all you'd
have to say oh no this is a business
arrangement we don't do the Hollywood
thing so let's just talk
money and then it would have been fine
and then the the agent would have said
oh okay we'll just take out the
Hollywood stuff and if we wanted more we
would just adjust the money so for
example you could take out the request
for a Tesla and just ask for another
what what is it 100,000 or whatever just
add add that to your request and then
you turn your Hollywood ridiculous
requests into just normal business by
just putting in a dollar
amount so I think that part of the story
is that um there was a Hollywood deal
that ran into the way regular business
works and I don't think I don't think
either side recognized that was the
problem does that make sense I think if
you were a business person all your life
and you saw this Hollywood deal come to
you you'd say I can't work with that
boom you're gone
but if you were working in that world
before You' say oh they don't mean this
stuff they don't really mean the
interview in space and the control over
the other content so you just say no to
that and you say well what's the dollar
amount we can make this work for that
that's how it should have gone now I
think there might have also been some
personal animus that got created during
the interview so it might not be
entirely a contract thing but you should
know for context that what you thought
was a wildly crazy like mentally ill
request from Don Lemon probably came
from the
agent and probably was just part of the
theater of celebrity stuff and nobody
took it too seriously when they asked
probably yeah all
right Don Lemon said he had to go on an
anti-depressants after CNN kicked them
off it's funny you can never tell with
people can you is Don Lemon someone you
would have guessed is is depressed you
know even if he lost his job I mean he
still gets I think CNN is still going to
give him $23 million or something that
they owe I don't know all right uh Yahoo
the publication Yahoo news has a story
by somebody named Michael
Harriet and his headline was Don Lemon
interviewed a mediocre white
man now that refers to Elon Musk
mediocre white man have you ever heard
that
phrase
usually comes from uh black men when
they refer to white people mediocre
white man now that's like the n-word for
white people it's basically a racial
insult and the context it's used in is
when people talk about you know Dei and
preferential hiring and reverse
discrimination and things they call it
uh black black men I've never seen a
woman say it but I suppose they say it
too uh will enter the chat
and say no the real problem was Scott
you lost your job because you're a
mediocre white man but you don't know
your mediocre and so you imagine that
black people with less qualifications
are taking your job but the problem is
not the black people they're perfectly
qualified the problem is that you were
mediocre and you thought you were more
than that so in your impression it
seemed like there was some kind of
reverse discrimination but really it's
just because you're a white man who
thinks you're better than you are
mediocre white men that is a racist
thing to say if somebody says that you
have the right to punch
them don't do that but say same as if
you use the n-word in front of a black
person and they punched you in the nose
do you have it
coming if you use the n-word in the face
of a black American and they punch you
did he have it
coming I think yes i' say
yes yeah yeah I think we can agree on
that now some of you going to say no cuz
free speech and no violence I get that
that that's a perfectly good opinion by
the way to say hey free speech is
absolute violence is never legal but in
the real world you would expect it right
in the real world you'd expect
it so I'd say uh if you do things that
are that insulting and somebody reacts
don't be surprised
but I don't recommend you do any
violence to anybody all right uh whoever
came up with the phrase didn't earn it
as the funny replacement for Dei which
should mean diversity equity and
inclusion that is better than most of
these little clever political things
that people do to change something into
something funny sounding I mean we do
that all the time with lots of different
things and we we imagine that you know
that little change is going to make some
difference because it's funny well just
turning something into something funny
doesn't really have any persuasive power
it's just
funny but this one's different because
didn't earn it is not just a clever use
for the
initials it's the deeper truth that
people don't like to say which is in the
context of massive
Dei
stuff there is a presumption that if
somebody is in the one of the groups
that is benefiting from Dei the
presumption is that their promotions are
not
earned and that is terrible for people
who do earn their
promotion imagine being in a
group that has you say classically been
uh repressed for whatever reasons and
you happen to work extra hard and you
you make it like you don't have the
problems of other people you actually
just
succeed How would would you feel if you
were doing it in a context where people
just assumed that you did it you it was
just your race or your ethnicity your
sexual
preference that would be
awful that would be
terrible yeah so um the part that I'm
going to add to this is that whenever
anybody makes any kind of a policy
decision they should include how it
makes other people feel because they
have to live with other people so if you
said to yourself I've got this great
idea for a statue it's a statue of Adolf
Hiller I'm going to put it up in my
yard should you maybe consider how other
people would feel about that yes you
should if you were going to you know
burn a cross in you know a public space
even if you had a
permit should you say to yourself no
this is just my business I'm just
burning this cross mind your own
business or
would it be more reasonable that you
would calculate in your risk reward you
know analysis that it will cause other
people to act in a way that may be
suboptimal to you right so in every case
if you're doing anything that has any
impact on other people the degree of the
impact and how they might react to it
has got to be a real important part of
your decision and this is a real big
problem for the people promoting Dei
because they also created a situation
where nobody can tell them the truth and
the truth is the presumption by a lot of
people would be that you didn't earn it
if the context is a big Dei
push and that's terrible because in so
many cases people will totally be
earning it totally be earning it and
they will be they'll be judged
negatively it would be hard to imagine
anybody being promoted under the Dei
flag that you didn't suspect was really
incompetent well let me ask I I'll just
pull you and if you saw a co-worker get
a promotion and you knew Dei was
everything and they were one of the Dei
protected
people would you assume that it was just
because of their ethnicity or gender or
something or would you assume that oh no
they're probably just as qualified it's
just good company is trying extra hard
to be diverse which would you
assume I'm seeing some say
Scott has no family so I'm always
seeking
attention I've had families didn't stop
me from seeking
attention what kind of idiot are
you well you think you can there there's
somebody here thinks he can read my mind
and find my inner in inner motivations
by something you saw on the podcast you
know that the podcast is not the real me
right that's not how that
works right you you see a version of me
that I decide to present to you it's
based on the real me but it's not the
real me it's it's the version of me that
I want to show
you so so you think you can judge that
I've only been seeking attention since
you started watching me on the podcast
no I like attention I say that directly
all the time I'm a total narcissist but
I like to think I'm the grandiose kind I
don't know if it's true but
observationally it seems like it the
grandiose kind likes to get attention
but only if I did something good I don't
want attention because somebody thinks I
accomplished something that I didn't
actually do that has no meaning to me at
all yeah anyway I just want to point out
the flaws in your uh thinking and
um now what do you think of fonnie
Willis her boyfriend Wade and Leticia
James in the context of
Dei when you look at them do you say to
yourself oh there's some obvious
examples of people who are not qualified
for their job how many of you say that
when you see all three of them now there
is evidence that the boyfriend Wade was
literally not experienced for the job he
was assigned to but that had more to do
with the boyfriend part than a Dei thing
so if you just looked at fonnie and
Leticia James is it your impression that
they would be as qualified as everybody
else who was up for promotion or to be
elected in that case in one case
elected so a lot of you say yes all
right now I would like to point out that
there are plenty of black public figures
doing news doing um politics doing lots
of things who to my observation are 100%
qualified so they're plenty of qualified
people but here's the
thing the way that you can tell somebody
who's not a Dei hire is as soon as they
open their
mouth if I'm if I'm watching some let's
say guest on the
news and if if my first let's say if I
had a bigoted opinion to begin with I
don't usually but so say I did usually
as soon as they start talking you know
if they belong there wouldn't you agree
I mean almost as soon as they open their
mouth and generally I say oh you're
pretty good you belong
there which I would say most guests
usually they belong there but when I
hear fonnie or Leticia James talk I
don't really feel like they belong there
like as soon as I talk I said I think H
I think they could have done better on
the hiring for that situation or the
election in one
case all right
um V points out that the eth
amendment was designed to protect
against excessive fines and that Leticia
J James was crusading against Trump and
said she was going to go get him before
she even knew what a crime was and V
suggests V ramaswami suggests that she'd
be dispar
now do you think that that should be uh
should it be grounds for
disbarment based on just what we've seen
in public so you don't have to know that
there's anything else suspicious just
what we've
seen do you think that the the
bar is delighted that she she's going
after a political enemy under color of
their occup
ation if I were a lawyer and I watched
another lawyer violate everything that
we care about in the Constitution by by
weaponizing the job and going after
somebody I would want that person to
disbar because it's hard enough to be a
lawyer you know they they already have
some bias against them in the public
sphere so you don't need to be you don't
need to defend why Leticia James gets to
be one of your you know bar approved
lawyers I would think that all lawyers
would want her
disbarred but I don't know if the bar
that's you know that matters in her case
I don't know if the bar is just full of
Dei hires
either is
it yeah is a bar just a bunch of
frightened white men and Dei hires and
so they don't really have any ability to
police this because we talked about
Leticia James doesn't have a boss who
could fire her because Democrat
and she's
elected right so you you'd have to like
impeach her and that's not going to
happen so basically there's somebody who
has the power of Law and no check and
balance so maybe maybe V has a better
idea which is disbarring or I would
think would have some
effect all right in the irony of the day
Colin rug and number of other people
pointed out there was an analyst on CNN
who suggesting that Trump could raise
money to pay off his bonds and his fines
by selling maral Lago that would be one
of the potential things he could sell of
his properties and that uh it could make
hundreds of millions of dollars yes the
same maral Lago that in the same the
same case that we're talking about uh
the judge said it was valued at$ 18
million but now now as soon as as soon
as the judgment's done everybody body is
willing to say it's worth hundreds of
millions surprise yeah I mean there's
nothing that makes it more obvious that
the justice system is corrupt as Colin
rug points
out all right uh if you want more
evidence that uh we're not well managed
here in this country at uh 2:32 in the
morning uh Congress released their
budget $1.2 trillion thousand pages of
you know just just it's just
all a bunch a poran now others
have handled the you know the funding
for things you don't want it's all in
there
but how in the world are the Republicans
going along with
us what what is even the point of voting
for a republican for
congress if they're just going to do the
same thing as the Democrats and then
just pass a disastrous ruinous bill now
Thomas Massie points out this in the
post he said
as part of the debt limit deal last
summer Biden agreed to an automatic 1%
cut to all discretionary spending if we
were still on a CR a continued
resolution um on April 30th of this
year and he says that tomorrow our
speaker meaning the Republican speaker
will give up that leverage and pass an
Omnibus that spends more than Pelosi
spent in her highest
year so that's a a good
question why in the world would a
republican give up a better deal for a
worse deal isn't the better deal to let
the continuing resolution go and have a
1% reduction in in discretionary
spending just kick in why is that not
better I think we need a little
explanations speaker
Johnson about a little bit more
explaining why the hell you're doing
that there might be a reason but why
would you s why would you try to shove
this down our throats without at least
telling us what that reason
is
yeah that's interesting so this all
looks totally corrupt Kyle Becker said
is Congress intentionally trying to
destroy the United States serious
question wouldn't you think that would
be a ridiculous question is the United
no well thank you is uh is the United
States um int tionally trying to destroy
or is the Congress intentionally trying
to destroy us because why would you act
like
this wh why in the world would you just
keep
spending and raising the spending when
spending is the most dangerous thing
happening it's the only thing we don't
want you to do Congress we have one
requirement spend less everything else
you do we can work with but we can't we
can't survive if you just spend this
into Oblivion so what are they even
thinking do they get trapped in sort of
a little bubble where they tell
themselves well we got to pass a b a
budget because if we don't pass a budget
nobody's going to like us and we can't
pass a good one so I guess the only
choice is to pass one nobody
wants is that what's happening are they
talking themselves into it just so they
can go work on something else and not
think about it it does look like they're
trying to destroy the country by their
actions not I don't know what's
happening in their
head anyway uh Mike Ben once again pulls
it all together and here's the uh the
story according to Mike Benz and he
definitely has the
receipts and I I mention to you again
that everything that Mike Ben talks
about as far as I can tell is public
information that anybody can
check right and and he does that so well
that you see this public information
that maybe you didn't know about but it
was you know findable um he puts it
together in a way that makes you go
oh all right let me let me just see he
does a better job of it you need to
follow him he's a required follow by the
way there are a few people they're just
required right Mike Benz is now
required Glenn
Greenwald required Michael
shellenberger just required there's just
some people you just have to follow if
you want to know what's happening there
some of the there there are more but um
they're not optional if you want to
understand your world those are required
so here's I'll do my best to summarize
what Mike Ben was saying recently on a
video the the bottom line is that Hunter
Biden was part of the CIA operation to
rest the energy um the energy business
away from Ukraine and to cut Russia out
of it because if Russia could make less
money from their energy business they
would have a weaker Army and it was all
part of not only enriching a bunch of
rich people who would get richer if they
could control the energy uh in Ukraine
but it was also about uh weakening
Russia so it didn't really have anything
to do with and this is my take not
Mike's but it doesn't look like it had
much to do with uh
protecting uh a country that
NATO likes or something so it wasn't
about Putin's aggression it was about
Putin's gas station Putin wanted to use
Ukraine as his gas station we wanted to
use it as our gas station and so we use
the ukrainians uh as basically meat
grinder po to uh push our
interests now here's the way here's the
surprising part the Mike claims that
Hunter Biden was an integral part of the
CIA Military Intelligence operation and
that the reason that Hunter Biden is so
protected is not just that his father is
the president but that they were both
part of the Ukraine operation and it was
well understood that they were an
important part of the operation here's
the
evidence um that Hunter was part of you
know pushing the natural gas Takeover in
Ukraine he was on burisma's
board uh one of the other Americans on
there was a xcia
guy all right just a coincidence so
there's
Hunter and another xcia guy H okay
um let's see uh
so Joe Biden during his pre-present time
his jobs in the Senate put him in the
position and is it the same one that uh
gold bar Bob is in now the the position
that you become the main guy that the
CIA is working with so in other words
Joe Biden for a substantial part of his
recent career was the primary
CIA liazon die with our
government which means he was
CIA so the whole thing is just CIA and
trying to get
energy and everything you've been told
about Ukraine was pretty much a lie
that's what it looks
like so so Biden is got CIA contacts
Hunter was on barisma which is the the
main player in this play to to get
things away from Russia
um Hunter was a chairman on the advis he
was a Chairman's he was on the
Chairman's advisory committee to
something called the
ndi now that's something I never heard
of before but as Mike Ben points out
these guys are
directly linked to the CIA if you know
what these groups are you know that
you're never going to be the on the
Chairman's advisory committee unless
you're in the CIA or you're working for
them or your an asset for them so
basically Hunter was had a appointment
that pretty much fingers you as a CIA
operative or
asset um and it's and I think there was
something funded by Soros the Soros is
in
there um barismo was a CIA operation to
essentially get control of that market
and to get gas prom which is Russia's
big company and of the Ukraine Market
um we also have the explanation why
George Soros can do anything he wants he
he seems to be the cia's uh
bank so it looks like this is just my
take uh Mike Ben might agree but I'm
just giving my own my own take here that
the reason that George Soros has so much
power is that he's our
guy the reason the cartels don't seem
stoppable is because they're our
guys so the CIA is working with Soros as
their bank so he can do all the things
that they can't do because he's just a
private citizen but in return I'm sure
he gets tips that make him lots of money
it's like you know this is going to go
up or this is going to go down because
we're going to do some CIA action
wouldn't it be nice if you had an
investment that would make a lot of
money based on this change so it looks
like there's some kind of compatible uh
operating situ situation with the Soros
organization in the CIA and the
Democrats would which would explain
everything and it also explains why when
Trump tried to look into Ukraine and he
made that perfect phone call asking
zalinsky to look into what's going on
there with the bidens that's why that
didn't work out and it's why Trump got
impeached because he was trying to break
up the CIA operation but probably didn't
know he was doing it in other words he
might might not have known the entire
landscape that this was an OP he might
have just thought it was a
war and if it was just a war then he was
just calling an ally and asking him for
something that would sort of make
sense but if the entire thing is an
OP you can see why they had to get rid
of
trump because Trump would be the one who
would shut down the op as soon as he got
in office hey let's wrap up this Ukraine
war and uh let Russia keep gas and we'll
go forward so yeah I don't think there's
any chance that given that there's a
trillion dollars on the line that the uh
the people who are behind all this are
going to let Trump come in and close it
down I don't see how that could
happen all right um and we do know that
the uh intelligence people say that they
don't want to they don't want to brief
uh Trump on all the details of their
operations because they say he's too
he's too unreliable he might give away
our secrets well it might be that if
Trump found out your secrets he would
close the operation down maybe or or he
might agree who knows but I don't think
he I don't think he was filled
in now you here's so I'm saying a little
criticism here I'm so I had always told
you that the Sor stuff was a conspiracy
theory but it's because you had the
wrong
conspiracy so the conspiracy theory you
thought was it was part of a Jewish
operation I've seen no evidence of that
but there's plenty of evidence it's just
part of a CIA operation so if you're
saying to me Scott you always said that
Soros was just a private guy just doing
his own business I never said that I
just said I didn't believe your
conspiracy theory but Mike Ben gives us
uh the
receips and you don't need any Jewish
conspiracy to understand any of it it's
just people making money some of them
happen to be Jewish it means nothing all
right however the sort of brings me to
the
question are you aware that neither uh
Biden nor Trump agreed to uh release the
unredacted JFK assassination files think
about that what kind of things could
those files
say that a Democrat president and a
Republican president both said oh no
we're not releasing this what could that
possibly
be well it's either our CIA killed
him or Israel was part of
it but either one of those stories or
both uh but either one of those stories
we cannot
tell you just can't tell the public that
story now I don't know uh the the Israel
part's the part I heard recently but
there's a conspiracy theory but you know
like some conspiracy theories maybe
someday you find that is true I don't
know that it's true I'll just tell you
that the the claim you can fact check it
if I have any of this wrong let me
know the claim is that Israel was known
to be trying to get nuclear um a nuclear
thing going and that Kennedy was
adamantly opposed to it and trying to
stop
it Johnson was not opposed to
it and so the thinking is that Israel
maybe working with the CIA maybe not um
took out uh
Kennedy and then when Johnson got in he
didn't re he didn't re uh he no longer
objected to the um the nuclear weapons
program now can we is there any proof of
that no but Jack Ruby who killed the guy
that they think killed him is apparently
a Jewish guy with Jewish connections to
Jewish underworld
stuff and he didn't seem to be political
either so there's evidence that Ruby
wasn't even political and he and in
other words he didn't care so much about
the assassination that he had to take it
into his own hands to you know kill the
killer he just wasn't that
interested so whatever was Jack Ruby's
play uh we don't know but it wasn't
anything like history reported it he W
he definitely wasn't a patriot and he
wasn't even interested in politics so he
was working for
somebody for somebody so he had bigger
interests and I think is is might have
been his biggest interest but no way to
know um I'm guessing that U given that
the entire country already thinks the
CIA was behind the
assassination it might be the other
thing but I don't know no no way to
know yeah but you know I'm not sure that
I I'm not sure that they're wrong not to
release
it yeah uh
the story I heard was that Jack Ruby was
connected to the
mafia apparently he was connected to the
Jewish
Mafia so you can fact check that but the
organized crime he was he was with was
more of a Jewish Mafia somebody said now
I don't know if any of that's true
because you know everything's
anti-semitic on online so I'll give you
this
warning there is so much
anti-semitic content I don't know if any
of that's real
you know I I asked somebody that would
have a better idea if that's a thing and
hadn't heard of it so I I'd be very
suspicious about that
characterization but it's out there so
you can do your own fact checking on
that all right
um there's a organized effort this is
kind of funny I guess I assume the
Republicans are behind it that instead
of getting young people to vote for Trum
that they think would be hard to do it
might be easier to get young people not
to show up and vote for Biden so there's
a don't vote for Biden movement that at
least some people think might work and
here's the funniest thing about it the
don't vote for Biden uh effort is
concentrated on the
young how hard is it to get young people
not to show up for
work all you'd have to do is change the
election from Tuesday to Monday and half
of them half of the Gen Z won't even
show up am I right put the election day
on Monday or Friday and they're just not
going to show up because they don't show
up for work either am I right like I'm
just I'm kidding the
youth but I'm serious about this if
you're going to persuade somebody of
anything the easiest thing you can
persuade them to do is to stay home and
play video
games you know you could take the day
off you could drive across town you
could stand in the
line and you can make you one vote that
doesn't make much
difference or you could just stay home
and play this awesome video game smoke
some weed masturbate could be great you
could have a great time stay home kids
it's the easiest thing you could ever
persuade so I love Whoever thought of it
who Whoever thought of we can get them
to stay
home kind of somebody who knows what
they're
doing that that that's like it feels a
little bit higher than the level of
normal political operatives like I feel
like whoever thought of
it is just maybe a little bit more
capable than whoever didn't think of it
until
now I have another theory about why
there's news now Wall Street Journal
reported it the other day that uh the
American justice system might allow
Julian desange to plead guilty to A
reduced
charge um which would be really good
news for him you know he'd get his
freedom back and some people said well
why is that you know why this sudden
reversal there are various theories
about it well I'll add the following
Theory the the best um attack that
Republicans have against the Biden
Administration and Democrats in general
is that they're slowly chipping away on
every kind of freedom freedom of speech
freedom of the press right and you feel
that right so if the Biden
Administration uh got Assange over here
and put him in jail over here there
would be a lot of people who would say
well there it
is there's all the proof you need that
the Biden Administration is anti-free
speech anti-free press um it's hunting
people hunting right it's jailing
anybody who's a
critic but what
if they take the issue away before Trump
pardons him now there's no indication
that Trump would pardon him because I
think he's had the chance and didn't do
it but here's what I think might be the
case now this is pure speculation and
I'm making up my own conspiracy theory
so don't take it too seriously but I'm
just going to put it in the
hopper I remember that at one point
there was talk of trump pardoning
Assange when Trump was in office and in
return and this is part I need to fact
check on because I'm not positive but I
thought there was some quidd
proquo as in Assange would give up the
goods on something he
knew that maybe Trump would benefit from
knowing or the country would benefit and
that deal did not get
made but it could do you think there's
any possibility
that the Biden Administration wanted to
make sure that um Assange didn't dump
any extra stuff that he was
holding that he was holding just in case
it could be that whatever Assange knows
would be bad for Biden but not bad for
trump it could be that Trump already
knows that it could be that Trump was
planning to Pardon him in exchange for
whatever he would tell them that would
you know put the bidens in jail do you
think that Assange has any information
that you and I don't know that would be
negative for the freedom of Hunter Biden
and Joe
Biden there's a good
chance there's a good chance he's got
the
goods so it could be that the Biden
Administration wants to take him off the
field so he can't hurt him it has
nothing to do with what's you know right
and just and what crimes may or may not
have been committed nothing to do with
that he may just be too dangerous to
allow Trump to work a deal with him
where Trump can get the good information
in return for freeing him it may also be
that it just is too on the
nose if you put a another journalist in
jail it's going to be too much of a
pattern for people to ignore so it could
be that it's just political Dynamite for
Biden and he just needed the thing to go
away all right rasmuson did poll found
out that 60% of likely us voters uh
believe agree with the statement that
the media are truly the enemy of the
people As Trump liked to
say and 30% strongly
agree um of course let's see
uh number some people disagree of course
and 49% of Voters believe Trump was
talking about Auto Workers losing Jobs
when he warned of a bloodbath but still
40% think Trump was talking about why
spread political
violence
40% just before I got on uh I got a note
from somebody who said they were talking
to one of their friends who only watches
MSNBC and the the one person brought up
the topic of
Dei and the person who got all this news
from MSNBC had never heard of it he'd
never heard of
Dei ju just try to hold that in your
head that somebody who gets his news
from MSNBC had never heard of a Dei
how's that even
possible anyway
um Teen Mental Health is way down no
surprise it's mostly the devices it's a
Tik Tock effect as well as other things
uh but let me end with uh my big post
that got about a million views um when I
argue politics with people which I do
all day
long um I often think that it's not a
difference of opinion it's a difference
of
skill do you ever have that feeling I
don't think you have a difference of
opinion I think we have different
skill and when I look at the risks and
the rewards I'm including all of the
risks and all the rewards and you seem
to be skipping a few meaning that you
don't have the skill to even just look
at the facts we both look at and put
them together in a coherent way now if
you think that's too much of a
generalization let me give you some
examples of what Democrats don't seem to
know and for some reason Republicans
just have better business sense they
just seem to know how things work with
incentives and money and stuff so here's
just a quick list of what Democrats
don't seem to know they don't understand
how bank loans work or the difference
between cash and physical assets and we
saw that with all the Trump valuing of
things they didn't know how loan process
works they thought the bank took the
word of the uh borrower no you just
don't understand how that works so Kevin
oir tried to explain it to CNN and they
were like what because they literally
didn't know that what Trump did was
normal
business uh they also didn't know that
he couldn't easily pay $400 million
because they didn't know the difference
between cash and physical assets or
somehow didn't think that was
important these are really basic things
folks yeah I'll just go through the
other things they didn't know uh they
don't understand that money makes the
news and science mostly fake
mostly they don't know that Democrats
don't know the news is mostly fake
because of the influence of money and
that the science is mostly fake because
of the in influence of money how how do
you live in the world not know
that but they don't a real basic a real
basic basic thing you need to know to
understand your world right um they
don't understand that Dei is a supply
problem not a demand problem the most
basic thing you need to understand about
their own
program diversity Equity inclusion is
that the supply Is Not Great enough to
all the jobs and get to the right ratio
of of the public unless they they
massively lower their standards and that
in the real world the hiring
professionals will immediately lower
their standards because they know
they're going to be judged on the
diversity thing I would if you if you
take me back to Corporate America and
you say Scott at the end of the year
we're going to look at your percentage
of uh diversity and your bonus will
depend on it I will hit that Target
every every time and I will lower I will
lower my standards as much as I need to
to make it happen and then if if doing
that causes my output to be bad in my
project I'll get a new job that's what
I'll do I'll take your money for the
diversity and then if I think that I
went too low in my hiring standards that
I can't succeed I'll just leave for
another job I'll take your bonus and
I'll go get a raise that's what I'd do
and I would do that over and over again
I'd do it all day long but I'll tell you
what I'm not going to do the
impossible I'm not going to do the
impossible here here's the best way to
explain this
concept if Google and apple tried really
hard to improve their diversity up to
the level that matches the population
they would absorb 100% of all the
qualified diverse
people not because
people in the diverse groups are less
you know less good genetically or
culturally that just the pipeline has
not provided them so the
failure of the mostly the the teachers
unions keeps the schools pathetic so
that only rich people can get good
educations that's the true source of
systemic racism and that's the only way
you can get to a place where the
population looks like like of or that
the population and your employees look
roughly
similar the only way the only way is to
start when they're children if you if
you're trying to fix it after
everybody's an
adult it doesn't work logically it
doesn't work the math doesn't work how
do you not know that the single most
important part of the whole Dei they
don't seem to understand they don't
argue arue against it by the way they
act like it doesn't exist or
something and the other thing about Dei
they don't understand is that it has an
impact on uh other people it makes other
people think you're incompetent how is
that good for you is that what you
want all right uh they don't understand
how Free Speech works because they still
think that they should uh limit speech
they don't like that is a basic Mis
understanding of what the whole free
speech thing is we always had free
speech to say things the government
agrees with Russia has free speech that
way they don't understand that the very
thing they think is the exception is the
entire purpose of free speech is that
you don't get to tell me what's your
exception that I can't talk
about they don't understand it like
actually literally they don't understand
it um they think the experts are telling
the truth
they've not caught on that the experts
because of money are pretty much
weighing it just making it
up um they don't understand the the
degree to which their own opinions are
the result of intentional brainwashing
by their own
team they don't know now that that could
also apply to a number of Republicans
but I feel like the Democrats are
uniquely
hypnotized because when a conservative
watches CNN you know they they just say
Ah that's BS that's BS the whole time so
so that at least and even I would say
that conservatives also are far more
likely to criticize uh Fox
News right you see lots of Republicans
criticizing Fox News so if they're
criticizing both the news on both sides
they're far less likely to get hynotized
but they will but just to a smaller
degree
but if you're a Democrat you probably
have no idea that your opinions actually
didn't come from your own
head and they didn't never they came
from the media the media signed them
opinions and they think that they're
their own opinions that's a basic
misunderstanding of how anything
Works
um they don't understand that school
choice is really the only way to escape
the clutches of the teachers unions it's
like they don't get the whole free
market thing that competition is the
only thing that ever
Works uh they don't understand the
necessity of nuclear power they're
coming around but still all of the re
all of the uh resistance is on the left
and it's because they don't understand
it they they don't understand the pluses
and the minuses they don't understand
it's green they don't understand there's
no other way to get to where we want to
get they think the temperature of the
planet can be accurately measured
to me I think that's just funny you
would have to have no experience in the
real world to think that those could be
measured I have two thermostats sitting
in one
room which I checked before I came on
they're both professional I purchased
thermostats one is a digital and one is
a a
Mercury they're about 10° off they sit
right next to each other about
10° one is 55 and one is 65 they're
right next to each
other how accurate are
thermometers I mean to to imagine that
in the real world you can measure the
temperature of the
earth that's
really you have to be really gullible to
believe that and they do and I think you
could only believe that if you didn't
have much experience in the real
world if you worked for a company and
the company told you that they were
measuring the temperature of the earth
and you worked for the company would you
believe it was
true if it was a
company if your own company said yeah
we're measuring the temperature of the
earth and we're getting it to within a
tenth of a degree no because you would
know enough about your own company to
know that that's not possible you know
you've seen your co-workers no they're
not measuring the temperature are there
Earth all
right at least not accurately uh they
think that unlimited empathy for
immigrants will work out
well how dumb do you have to be to
believe that giving your things to a to
an infinite group of people who want
your things can ever work out
well in what possible world can that
work but they think it will that's a
basic understanding of human incentives
and maybe the population of the world
and maybe a few other things that I
thought every adult
understood um they think there are too
many humans in the
world no there are too few by far the
biggest risk is declining population by
far is not even close the risk of
overpopulation in a few pockets of you
maybe a few countries but not in general
but they they have that completely
backwards uh they think the national
debt is not that big of an
issue because unlike the Republicans are
not yelling about it every day now I
would argue that neither side is taking
it seriously but one side at least is
talking about it and saying it serious
whereas the Democrats I don't even hear
them when was the last time you heard a
Democrat say the debt was too big I
don't know if I've heard it in a year or
two um they think releasing criminals
from jail improved the lives for some
groups of
people in what world does that ever work
do do you think if you uh release more
criminals that because the black
population has a higher percentage of
people going through the justice system
that if you can reverse that so that
there are fewer black Americans going
through the justice system uh do you
think that's going to improve the lives
of black
Americans so releasing the black crimin
back into the black communities which
mostly they would go that's going to
make the the the poor black people who
live in these depressed areas that's
going to make their life better do they
not understand that nobody's life would
be
better it's not possible putting
criminals in jail is really bad for the
criminal but it's the only thing that
protects
Society how do you not understand
that they think removing guns from
citizens
doesn't create any extra risk of
government
abuse come
on come on really because Joe Biden told
them he has nuclear weapons and the
nuclear weapons are better than their
guns
so no they don't understand anything an
armed
population can solve a lot of problems
it's just that we haven't had the
problem we need to solve do you know why
because we got a lot of guns so so the
problem that would be solved by guns
doesn't arise because you'd be stupid
too many
guns
um and no they would never be shooting
at nuclear weapons they'd be shooting at
the relatives of the people who did this
to them all right
um Democrats actually believe that if
the court doesn't find a crime that it
didn't
happen come
on come on
really you believe that if you didn't
find the crime yeah usually because
somebody didn't have standing or it was
too late we're talking about the
election in this case uh that it didn't
happen they think that about the Biden
crime family that if you can't name the
the a specific crime that somebody
witnessed that you can't tell that a
massive criminal Enterprise was an
operation really you can't tell
everybody can
tell
uh they think Democrats think that their
kids are looking at Trump as a role
model and that if somebody with his
terrible character they say becomes
president next thing you know that the
children will have orange hair and will
be paying off porn stars no they won't
children are not looking at the
president as their role model it's just
their friends that's it you'd be lucky
if they looked at their parents but
they're definitely not looking at
80-year-old men to figure out their role
models no you don't need to to keep
Trump out of office because your child
is going to get orange hair and pay a
hooker all right um they they they think
that there's no big risk from tick Tok
compared to American controlled media
now I don't need to go through that
whole argument but you'd have to really
not understand anything about the world
to think that Tik Tok is not an extra
large risk compared to an American
company you'd have to just not
understand that at all
uh they don't understand why half of
their own kids let's say you got four
kids and two of them are non-binary or
trans or something they don't understand
why half of their own kids are suddenly
lgbtq Against All
Odds they think it's a
coincidence it's not a coincidence it's
tick
tock they don't understand the basic way
that anybody comes to an opinion about
anything they don't know that they're
brainwashed and they don't know that
their children are brainwashed they
think that just it's just a weird
coincidence half of my children are
lgbtq against the
odds um now I could probably go on
forever but my basic point is smart
people don't disagree as much as you
think they
would smart people don't disagree with
each other not nearly as much as you
think they would let me give you an
example bill man got involved in the
Harvard stuff Bill amman's a
Democrat but he's a smart one he doesn't
seem to have any of the problems I just
mentioned I'll bet you I'll bet you if I
gave a quiz to to Amman said all right
how many of these things that a lot of
Democrats believe how many do you
believe probably none I bet he would get
the quiz
100% now let's give the same quiz to
Elon Musk
100% you get 100 now you put Elon Musk
and Amman in the same room do they have
anything to disagree about well they
could find something but basically
they're on the same
page and I would argue that everybody
smart is always on the same
page if they have the same information
now sometimes there's a different
priority preference you know that might
be a little bias but you can usually sus
that out pretty quickly for example I'm
generally pretty rational
except maybe not about
fenyl would you agree so I mean but you
but if a smart person talked to me about
fenel they would just immediately know I
have a bias and and they could deal with
that so but in general if you take away
the the major biases the smart people
all agree now I was waiting for this I
see the name mark cubin in the comments
because you're and your point I assume
is that then how do you explain Mark
Cuban if all smart people
agree well I can't get into his head but
my working hypothesis is that he's doing
a
performance that's it I think you're
just seeing a performance it's kind of a
good one kind of enjoying the
show know he he said directly that he
enjoys getting people stirred
up but when I see the quality of his
arguments it seems very clear
C to me that it's a
performance why I could be a variety of
reasons but no I don't believe that what
you hear in
public necessarily matches what he
thinks privately I I think he's he's got
a bigger play whatever the bigger play
is that has more to do with the
explanation all right so that is my show
for today
um being bad at analyzing risk rks and
costs of things is very different from
disagree all right am I an atheist well
that's an interesting question in the
comments the answer is uh
no an atheist has some certainty about
the nature of reality and I think
certainty is always a
mistake um I don't believe in a god with
a
personality I can say that right the
odds of having a god with a personality
pretty
low uh the odds of a um let's say an
entity that was somehow instrumental in
our existence pretty good pretty good I
mean but the entity could have been a
group of programmers now now that we
know that we could be made now that we
know we could make artificial people who
think they're real the the simulation
hypothesis I think has to be taken as
the primary the primary explanation for
our experience uh and anything else
would be subsidiary to that in my
personal opinion
now uh I'm also very pro-
religion so if you can find a way to
believe in God and build a world around
that that's a real successful model
people have been doing it for years and
it works really
well why not a god with a personality
because it seems very unlikely that a
God would build would have
flaws our personality is mostly our
flaws it's just that we've romanticized
them so we don't think of it that way um
take any element of your pH of your
personality just anything uh I like
vanilla ice cream more than
chocolate well God doesn't need a
preference um I'm afraid of uh
water but not
dogs God's not afraid of water or
dogs right so how in the world would you
would God have a
personality how about
Love No Love Is A chemical reaction in
our brains that makes us jealous and
crazy and irrational would God have
something that makes God crazy and
irrational and no so every time you
think of anything that's part of what
you call your
personality it wouldn't make sense for
an omnipotent being to have any of that
why why would God ever be
unhappy if God could feel emotions and
that would be a big question why would
why would God even have emotions what
would be the purpose of emotions or love
if you're a God it wouldn't have any
function those things the the things we
evolve to have like like love is just a
direct mating Instinct that that we
romanticize God doesn't need to mate so
God doesn't need to evolve to have a
love
Instinct in the way that we understand
it now there might be something you
could hypothesize there's a a god
version of love that we don't
understand that that there would still
be room for
that and he needed a day of rest for
some reason yeah if you take it
literally
so um
by the way here's an update I'm updating
my book God's debris they had a sequel
called the religion war and now has a
new brand new short story that will be
part of the the three uh three back so
we're going to sell a book working with
Joshua lysek we're going to um sell a
book that is uh the combination of God's
debris the sequel the religion War and
the new short story that you're going to
like you're going to like the short
story it's really powerful I've never
written a short story but the form
really appeals to me because I like
brevity so I think you'll like it it
might be one of the best things I ever
did and uh that should be out in a few
months it's going to take several months
just to get the cover designed and work
through the system but I think by summer
I think you should see it in the summer
we'll see if everything goes well all
right uh that's it for today I'm going
to turn off the uh Rumble studio so I'm
going to say goodbye to the uh everybody
on here and then I'm going to fire up a
separate uh thing for the locals people
my understanding is that Rumble has some
kind of a feature where I can I can lose
everybody except
subscribers but I looked for it and
cannot find
it maybe I'll see if I can find it right
now what is
that uh oh wait I found a new thing
currently streaming to rumble local and
I
can oh I can go to local supporters only
look at this I found the feature the
feature doesn't appear until you're in
the streams that's why I couldn't find
it all right so I'm going to try this
I'm going to go to uh local supporters
only so the rest of you might disappear
but the locals people should remain
let's see if this
works
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e