put them pum pum pum pum pum pum pum pum
pum pum pum this is why people like me
you should never dance and if they do
dance that they should not use their
hands in any way because if you let me
dance without any instruction I end up
going like this it's not a good look I
was born without any sense of musicality
or rhythm whatsoever I have to deal with
that now I'm seeing a fascinating story
in the press about China and not wanting
to buy our soy because of the trade wars
are some kind of some kind of tariff
honor on our soy and I thought to myself
this could be a strategic mistake
because I think it's in our advantage to
send as much soy over there and as we
can if you know what I mean
in fact we should be sending a lot of
soy to North Korea let's let's get
everybody all soy it up now let me give
you an update on my mission to make the
world a better place by labeling
everybody a Nazi I know it sounds weird
but I think it's working so here's what
I've described before as my plan that
whenever on Twitter someone makes any
kind of a personal attack it doesn't
matter what it is if it's personal I
just say I block all Nazis goodbye and
then I block them and what I found is
that first of all instead of that that
continuous negative reaction you have on
Twitter where if somebody says something
about you and you you cleverly make a
rejoinder and then they say something
else and then you go ah I got him this
time and then they say I got him this
time and then you go back and forth and
all you do is you get worked up over it
bear that with the third or fourth time
you block somebody by saying I block all
Nazis goodbye and I keep it that simple
just say you don't need to give a reason
to say I block all Nazis goodbye buck
and you start you start enjoying it so
the blocking is actually enjoyable and
it makes them go away so you don't have
to see them ever again and I would
suggest that having a be tested this
little enough now there you should try
it instead of engaging the the first
moment the very first time never let the
second time the first time somebody goes
personal or calls or calls you a
candidate in Nazi say I block all Nazis
now today I blocked somebody who called
me a nazi first there's some old salon
article that they dug up full of
ridiculous things and said well you know
you're a fascist and Nazi down in the
old days I would say we'll give me an
example of what you mean by that and I
will show you how your example is
non-factual if you are defending
yourself against a charge of being a
Nazi you've already lost you don't want
to be the one in the argument who's
saying I'm not a Nazi
that's the loser it doesn't matter what
anybody else says you don't want you
want to be the accuser not the accused
so the first moment somebody calls me a
Nazi I think well that's a personal
attack who makes personal attacks Nazis
goodbye block now the best part of this
idea I thought I left it somewhat
understood I thought it might have been
obvious but it's probably worth calling
out if you call the left Nazis and
immediately disengage
it's the disengaging that makes this
work don't call the Benassi
several times over and over that just
makes things worse and it's just sort of
ridiculous
call them a Nazi once cut them off and
move on and what you'll find is that it
makes your reactions or you know your
own life much more positive and it it
has to have an impact on the other side
if you are the other side the people
calling you Nazis for the last two and a
half years what is it you think is your
best insult well it's the one you're
using right so the people are using the
insult obviously think it's effective
and that it it's the worst thing to be
called so mirroring it back as quickly
as possible and then leaving the room
is going to make it it will have an
impact over time so I so I recommend
that all right as I am being reminded
it's time for the simultaneous sip some
of you who have been here for nearly a
few minutes waiting for the moment the
best moment the moment when you can
simultaneously sip and feel as though
you are one with all the other sippers
here it comes oh oh yeah that's some
good sipping now yeah you got to go you
got to go Nazi Nazi early column a Nazi
and block them and out winner where do
you find out how good it feels the first
few times you do it you're gonna say to
yourself well that wasn't very
satisfying I really wanted to argue with
this person but by about the third time
you do it you're actually gonna feel
that it feels good it like actually
feels good try it you'll you'll be
amazed now we've got the Supreme Court
nomination will be announced
I guess 9:00 p.m. Eastern Time if I have
that right
and I depending on what I'm doing there
I don't have any plan so I think I'll be
live so I might dry I might join you
live on periscope when the announcement
is made now let me make a prediction
about the announcement here's a
prediction
when President Trump is able to have
this much of our attention he's not
going to waste it all right yeah you
knew you know something's coming right
so the Supreme Court nomination is so
important and so newsworthy that
basically will be one of the
most-watched television events of all
time and so he's engineering it that way
is to be you know primetime and but
while he's doing it of course he'll be
talking about his nomination but here's
the thing you should look for it
probably won't be the only topic so he's
he's smart enough to know that the
Supreme Court nomination is going to be
such a big deal that whatever else he
says during the same announcement little
speech or news I don't know if it's a if
he's talking to the press or just making
a speech but he's got the entire world
listening and it's good and be good so
you can guarantee that there will be
other topics covered the so the one
thing I'm pretty sure of is that it
won't just be about the Supreme Court
once everybody is watching there's no
way he's going to waste that it's going
to be and and whatever you know if he's
smart he's not going to do a laundry
list the worst thing he could do is say
here's all the 15 things we're thinking
about right it would all just get washed
out everything would be equal so I'm
looking at
the Supreme Court nomination at least
one other really provocative or you know
good hit at his critics possibly you
know and probably that something about
his critics probably about immigration I
would think and maybe one other topic
because that would be about the most
yeah three would be sort of the maximum
to get the most coverage on you know
concentrated on your points so I look
for one or two other major topics just
to be addressed in a very quotable way
so that his message gets amplified all
right Wow is that true Beijing ordered
the State Vidya to stop making
aggressive statements about Trump have
you noticed that there's a there's a bit
of a oh I don't know a bit of a change
in the atmosphere I just tweeted a
Andrew Sullivan article he is no big fan
of our president he's a conservative gay
man but not a president Trump fan to say
at least and and he just read it wrote
an article to say they're really the
only way out of our current situation is
build the effing wall and they're I
think people are going to start coming
around to that somebody said Sullivan is
not conservative he's sort of you sort
of on both sides when you say but I
believe he is he has labeled himself
conservative in the past
fact-check beyond that but I think
that's you know he definitely has one
leg in in both worlds which makes him
interesting
anyway so my point was that I think
people are going to start saying oh yeah
there is no option to the wall
so I think people will be more convinced
in the wall of the wall because of all
of the stuff that's happening that that
should play very well into the
president's preferences now you're also
seeing correct me if I'm wrong in the
very beginning conversations about the
the trade war
you know let's say several months ago
when the president kept talking about
trade war kinds of things didn't it seem
to you that the experts were it felt
like there were 98 percent against it
checked my assumption here and this is
an assumption based on just how it felt
I'm not sure I'm not sure what the
reality is but am I wrong that the
experts will seem to be 98 percent
against any kind of a trade disruption
trade war wasn't that true just several
months ago and now are you watching the
master persuader and what he's done what
is the current thinking about whether a
trade war is I don't want to say
winnable because I don't think that's
you know I don't like using the war
terms exactly because what you're trying
to do is to get you know a stable long
term deal that works for everybody right
so I don't like to I don't like to see
that as winning so much as balancing
things yeah it seems to me that somebody
that people are starting to find the
high ground do you remember when the
president said you know he would say
stuff like we've got a half a billion
dollar you know trade deficit and what
did all the experts say let me tell you
what the experts said a few months ago
when the president would say we have a
500 billion trade deficit
China they would say do you see the
president doesn't even understand how
trade works oh he thinks the trade
deficit is some kind of a measure of how
the trade is going or something
he doesn't understand basic economics
seen what are people saying now the
people who are the smartest people in
the conversation what are they saying
they're saying something like this if
you're the one with the big trade
deficit meaning meaning us in this case
you have all the leverage when you're
negotiating a trade deal right so the
smart people started out by saying trade
deals bad trade deals bad trade deals
bad and then when the president started
threatening trade deals what did the
stock market not do it didn't go down so
everything that the experts thought was
true it's like now if you do the trade
deal stock market's gonna blow up
everything's of the block you know you
don't do that and then Trump did it
anyway
and the stock market said okay man
whatever it just shrugged so all of the
early assumptions about the trade deal
we can now say let the first half right
nobody knows how it all ends you know
I'm not I'm not predicting exactly how
it's going to end I'm saying that the
first part was the announcing it and
getting tough and getting serious about
negotiating them and the first part
didn't all the experts say that's when
the economy is going to start the stock
market will go into turmoil and all that
and what happened the stock market in
China went into turmoil but ours did not
do you know why because we have all the
we have the leverage we have a half a
billion dollars or more apparently
leverage because we buy more of their
stuff than they buy of our stuff
so now the smart people are saying oh
yeah you'll probably win this you know
if winning is the right term we'll
probably come out okay because we had
the leverage and the deals were in fact
not good deals so correct me if I'm
wrong the smart people who are willing
to talk in public have gone from trade
deals or a terrible idea this is
craziness the world is going to end
nothing good could come from this - oh
yeah we sort of have all the leverage
here
why wouldn't we try to get a better deal
so we'll see but I think the the
president's persuasion on this has has
been right on point trade deals I
thought it was trade war yeah I don't
like to call it a war alright have you
noticed a weird trend well there's a
reason for this maybe it might be
indication that we live in a simulation
or it could be reticular activation you
know how when you notice something for
the first time ever that then you start
noticing that same thing over and over
again and you say to yourself how can I
go my whole life and I never noticed
that thing and now everywhere I look
there's one of those things again or I'm
hearing that word again
once you've noticed something your
filter is set and then you can notice it
all the time what are the odds that the
biggest think about this the biggest
problems in the news are all the same
problem children being trapped think
about it am I wrong that all of the news
is about children being trapped children
being trapped in cages at the borders
children being trapped in caves
the the young people in the Democratic
Party are trapped in a mental cage a
mental prison and if we're being honest
most of the you know the anti-shah
protesters etcetera they skew young it's
more children engages yeah it's it's a
whole lot of somebody fell in the will
fell in the well as somebody said no
cages that border that was Obama why is
it that nobody can handle the nuance of
the fact that Obama was putting people
in cages but not as many of them that
that the big thing that changed is how
many it was happening to you know we
went from a smallest problem to a really
big problem Trump's latest tweet about
China what do you say about China let's
say Trump Twitter let's see what we got
here oh this is a brand new tweet twelve
minutes ago I haven't read it yet so
I'll read it to you
this is from President Trump I have
confidence that Kim jong-un will honor
the contract we signed and even more
importantly our handshake the handshake
that's like a big deal I'll talk about
that so he mentions the handshake
we agreed to the denuclearization of
North Korea China on the other hand it
may be exerting negative pressure on a
deal because of our posture on Chinese
trade hope not oh oh my goodness that's
a good tweet you know remember how you
know all the experts and the smart
people said well once once Trump is
president he should stop tweeting
because nothing good could come from
that can we now say with certainty
that the tweeting is you know is a
functional thing that he uses in a
political geopolitical way that's at
least it's a tool that does exactly what
he wants it to do because look what he's
done he just gave more honor to Kim
jong-eun by saying that he expects Kim
jong-eun to honor his handshake promise
look at that right so he just said China
not acting honorably maybe he said you
know he doesn't he doesn't say for sure
but his words are China on the other
hand maybe exerting negative pressure on
a deal because of our posture on Chinese
trade hope not so he's putting China in
the lower you know respect category than
Kim jong-eun because as of now his
assumption is the president's assumption
as he lays it down here is that Kim
jong-un is actually an honorable well
let's not say honorable but let's say a
person of his work he's he's treating
him as a person of his word now let me
tell you how big a deal this is this is
one of the strongest persuasion
techniques you will ever see and the
weird thing is that I'm going to use an
example from a TV show called Babylon 5
that I was a I was a guest actor on that
years ago and let me tell you about this
one episode where there was a there was
an alien ambassador Alam I think her
name was Al and and the alien ambassador
was attacked by you know assassins who
tried to assassinate her and when she
recovered and she asked her you know
loyal right-hand person you know who was
it who attacked me you know do we know
who it is the right-hand person lied to
her because the attackers were her own
her own race of aliens and he knew that
she could not be an effective ambassador
yet delenn was her name and in her right
hand person right hand alien I guess
believed that she would never be a good
representative of her own species of her
own planet if she were if she ever knew
that her own people tried to kill her
and so he you know he lied to her so
here's the here's the persuasion lesson
delenn's assistant the ambassador you
know the alien ambassadors assistant was
persuading her into a more effective
role making her a better ambassador by
by changing her opinion of her situation
and do you see a similar thing here with
President Trump what it looks like is
president this is a key point here what
it looks like in the tweet is that
President Trump and his critics are
gonna say this they're gonna say
President Trump you are so gullible to
say publicly that you believe kim
jungeun how gullible can you be how
could anybody believe that totally
missing what's happening here there's
something way bigger than that what the
president's doing is he's helping define
Kim jong-un as an honorable person the
president is the biggest part of Kim
jong-un's reputation in the rest of the
world right now Kim jong-un's reputation
in the rest of the world to a large
extent is going to be determined by how
President Trump frames him he has chosen
to frame him of somebody he can work
with somebody who is very capable and
someone who will respect a hand
shake how big a deal is that it's really
really big because it's not just it's
not just being nice to somebody you're
negotiating with that's that's sort of
the lowest level of understanding it's
like oh of course he's being nice he's
negotiating with him what he's doing is
he's creating him he's creating a Kim
jong-eun that so far had not existed you
know as a brand and if Kim jong-eun
likes this brand and one would think he
would who would not like a brand as a
person who could be trusted
Trump is giving him face I like somebody
just said that in the comment president
Trump is creating for Kim jong-eun a
solid brand that would allow him to sort
of emerge on the world scene in a
credible way but here's the fun part
it's something to lose right resident
Trump has created and of noting a brand
for Kim jong-eun which is really strong
it's a really strong brand a person
whose handshake can be trusted a person
who's so young and capable that he took
over a country yeah yeah I know about
the bad things he's done we're not
ignoring any of that we're just talking
about real politics here right and the
president has now created an asset this
brand for Kim Jong moon on the world
stage that can now be taken away should
things go bad now we don't I think
actually things probably won't go bad in
the long run it's sort of a long process
with there'll be lots of ups and downs
and they'll be there should be periods
in this process where it all looks
doomed you know if you don't reach a
point where it all looks doomed at some
point you're probably not really
negotiating that hard and I'm sure they
are so and now and now the president has
taken this brand
he's created because he got a twofer in
this tweet he has helped create Kim Jong
Un's brand so it's solid and useful and
something he can lose but also something
he can use in other words he's trying to
become a credible player in the world
stage that somebody would invest in
North Korea how is somebody going to
invest in North Korea if they feel like
Kim can't be trusted to keep a deal it's
it's pretty important you know
capitalism and investment doesn't go to
North Korea unless he North Korea
creates a brand of being dependable and
keeping their their deals so the
president is elevating Kim for
completely practical reasons he's
creating in him somebody that he can
deal with and by the way this is working
both ways
you saw that the reports that North
Korea started taking down its
anti-american anti Trump propaganda so
Kim is rehabilitating America and Trump
internally in his country the same way
that Trump is rehabilitating and
creating a brand for Kim they're they're
bolstering each other's brand because
both of these people really understand
how this stuff works apparently you know
because they're doing all the right
stuff and and it was an opportunity for
Trump to put China on the defensive
because they were not acting as
honorably and this situation allegedly
or maybe the the president put it in the
sort of the conditional like you know if
they're doing this that would be bad all
right so when you see the amount of work
that this tweet does that's when you
start realizing how important this this
tool is and by the way I this would be a
good time to remind you of my
my new theory of political power the
political power can be calculated by
multiplying a person's persuasion
quality let's say on a scale of one to
ten you know Trump is a 10 times the
size of their platform in other words
how effectively can they get their
message out he's got over 50 million
Twitter followers and of course the
media of the world following him so if
you've got the best persuader and the
biggest platform of all time you should
get the best result of all time and I
think that's where you're gonna see in
North Korea is the best result of all
time you're seeing the economy having
the best results of all time those would
be predicted by the fact that you have
the top persuader of all time with the
biggest platform of all time and you
know he's persuading in rational ways
that make sense for the country talk
about the video he tweeted yesterday oh
yeah there was a hilarious video the
president tweeted I think i retweeted it
showing all the people who thought he
would lose the election and then showing
showing the change on the night of the
election and it was if you lived through
it it was hilarious if you were on the
other side it wasn't oh let's talk about
Elon Musk submarine for kids so I guess
eight of the 12 kids are already out
which is amazing and inspiring and it
was done by divers who were insanely
brave but Elon Musk to his credit in one
day apparently built an underwater
submarine for one person that you could
put a kid in it and then and then the
divers could bring them through the cave
now I see somebody here had the same
reaction I did which is you're now
putting me in that damn little tube you
know I would rather stay in the cave and
just drown I'm not getting in the tube
now I hope that part of the tube
process would be to give a valium to the
kid before you put him in the tube yeah
that was a small ass tube now I love I
love the speed the thought the effort I
love you know I love people coming
together building this they probably
stayed up all night for nights doing
this so I'm very impressed with Elon
Musk as well as his entire team they
have they have shown I would say they've
shown the best of humanity you know it
was it was doing the right thing and
doing it quickly with the most qualified
people in the world to do that sort of
thing so you got to say it's pretty
pretty impressive now it may turn out
that they don't use that technology to
get it done may I suggest if they had a
little extra time the technology that I
would have used now that now that now
that it's too late to actually do it
here's the technology I would have used
if I had more time I would replace the
kids face masks that presumably they're
going to use scuba face masks etc with
virtual reality goggles that they have
an actual model of the cave the entire
way that is built by one of the
professional divers going through first
with listening sonar and the sonar just
Maps the actual cave dimensions so you
know what where's the water and where's
the cave and how big it is and then you
feed that into your program put that on
the kids faces because when they're
actually in the cave they'll be in mud
but you you could have somebody said
there's no visibility correct so you
would map it with sonar so you just go
through with a sonar device and map it
you know as you go and then you feed
that into your software put the 3d
goggles on the kids and then the kids
would actually see a world that can't be
seen but would actually be to scale an
exactly
in the right place so that so that when
they were going through the mud what
they would see is actually swimming
through clear water and when they
reached out to you know the next place
they had to climb over a Ledge it would
actually be there they just reach out
and touch the ledge and you know it
wouldn't be exact but you could get
close enough to say oh oh yeah here's
the ledge and if I just go up here
here's the hole I need to climb through
now how quickly could you build
something like that I don't know and I
don't think anybody's gonna build one in
advance because the odds of this
happening again are pretty small but if
you think about it we're probably five
years away maybe from a point where that
could have easily been done in other
words there would be enough code
existing and there's you know a sonar
device and you could just say oh yeah
I'll just use the API from the sonar
device feed it into my program I'll have
a world built in a minute and a half how
many of you have ever used a a virtual
reality device I think I'm going to give
you a demonstration of a virtual reality
device that I have right now well let me
show it to you I'm going to turn my
camera around here for a moment so in my
office you can't really see it but you
can see let's say if my hand comes down
here you see this there's a little
sensor up here and one there and then
this this computer is my 3d are not 3d
but the VR computer and so that that
little area
elodie zone and I'll give you a
demonstration you'll be able to see on
the big TV what I can see through the
goggles so you'll get a sense of a sense
of what that world is like yes it's
coming I'll give you a demonstration of
that one of these days
it's the vivre yeah it's the vive system
vaya vivre I have a different computer
for VR yes so it's a computer that was
built it's like a high-end gaming
computer that I got as a as a kit with
all the VR stuff so I didn't have to I
didn't have to build anything myself it
all came as one and I'll tell you the
the biggest thing about it is that you
do experience the virtual reality like
it's real you actually you have the same
feelings in your body as if it's real
and once you've experienced that you
realize your eyes what what's coming
alright that is all for now I am going
to sign off and I might talk to you
tonight during the president's
announcement look for that