bum-bum-bum hey everybody come on in
it's time for a coffee with Scott Adams
yeah there's luck would have it that's
me so you came to the right place so far
your day is perfect perfect you wanted
to watch coffee with Scott Adams you are
watching coffee with Scott Adams nailed
it and now it's time for the
simultaneous tip it's not very hard to
do all you need is the cover of our
glasses time to tell us to tangu there
was a plastic empty and a Grail a goblet
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I am partial to coffee
and join me now for the simultaneous up
the dopamine hit of the day the thing
that makes everything better
the simultaneous sip go one of the best
just keeps getting better so there's a
story in news that a couple of people
associated with Giuliani got arrested
for campaign violations something like
that and and here's how CNN puts it but
the question of whether that
relationship overlaps with criminal
conduct is a mystery for now so they're
saying that Giuliani has some
relationship with these guys the guys
were not Giuliani did some crimes but
the question remains is there any
overlap with the people who did crimes
and Giuliani doesn't everybody in
Washington know everybody else it feels
like it feels like every time somebody
commits a crime they have friends who
did not commit crimes people they worked
with business people isn't the most
normal thing in the world that if
anybody at that level gets convicted of
a crime that they also are closely
associated with hundred
the people who have committed no crimes
at all why is it that sometimes
somebody's association matters and
sometimes it doesn't that's an
interesting little game that the
Democrats like to play sometimes it
matters who you're associated with
unless it's us in which case that's just
different people doing all this other
stuff different people doing other stuff
all right did you see that the Trump
campaign is now offering t-shirts that
say where's hunter and they advertise
that the t-shirts are not made in
Ukraine and not made in China
okay there's never been a funnier
campaign or a funnier president or a
funnier administration just the fact
that they have where's hunter shirts how
do you not love that come on how do you
not love that president Trump at his
rally last night he that man knows how
to own the news cycle so think of all
the ways that he could have said boring
things but instead the president very
intentionally and obviously this was not
a spontaneous thing very intentionally
the president said during his big rally
last night Biden was only a good VP
because he understood how to kiss Barack
Obama's ass so what do you think the
headlines were do you think the
headlines were about other things well
not so much he knew how to focus all of
his attention on his little naughty
sentence and the naughty sentence in
addition to being provocative and
naughty reminds you that the Biden was a
good vice president only because of his
association oh there it is again
sometimes associations matter and
sometimes they don't
could we just agree sometimes the either
they matter all the time or they don't
tell you anything
maybe we should be great but you see
Trump using the same concept that
basically Biden's only a good VP because
he was so nice to Obama did you see did
you see the counter-programming so last
night Fox News was carrying the
president's rally speech at the same
time CNN was doing an LGBTQ town hall
and a lot of people were flipping back
and forth who who won the night the the
most famous bit that came out of these
CNN Town Hall the part they're talking
about of course the news focuses on
what's unusual or what doesn't go as
planned so see you then zone news or was
it on Fox but anyway this happened I'm
not sure if CNN reported it or just Fox
News pros Fox News so so Chris Cuomo
introduces if you didn't see this it's
just classic calmly Harris now you know
Carla Harris she's famous as being the
worst campaigner in the history of
campaigners honestly I've never seen
worse and she's so consistent at it
she's bad yesterday she's bad today
she's terrible so she gets on the stage
and of course she's playing to the
audience and the first thing she says is
bum my pronouns are he she and her and
Chris Cuomo tragically quipped mine too
now the joke that Chris Cuomo was trying
to say is that
well I God don't even need to explain it
he thought it would be funny to mock her
for getting up there and in front of the
LGBTQ crowd she says he she and her and
he decides to make a joke out of it
now granted the attempted joke was sort
of on himself he wasn't he wasn't making
a joke about other people but Harris
knew enough at least to know that her
crowd wanted to hear this the he-she her
what she maybe miscalculated is that
nearly a hundred percent of the audience
watching it didn't like that at all
because they're perfectly happy with the
pronouns the way they are no matter how
much they support the LGBTQ community
that's just a separate conversation so I
imagine most most viewers of CNN are
fully supportive of the LGBTQ community
but they may be less supportive of
changing pronouns that's that I would
imagine that's a little less popular
with the general public so Harris played
well to the crowd that was there but at
the expense of probably the larger
audience that was watching so was that a
good move probably not probably not
because I don't think the LGBTQ
community
was going to necessarily like her more
or less because of her early statement
on pronouns but there certainly would be
people watching who thought it was
unnecessary or they're fully supportive
of LGBTQ but just the pronoun thing is
like ah you know you're taking it too
far
so there's differences of opinion on
that anyway
social media didn't was not pleased with
Chris Cuomo so in some ways CNN's Town
Hall backfired a little bit because one
of the most newsworthy worthy things was
Chris Cuomo accidentally insulting the
community they were serving so not ideal
so speaking of associations let's talk
about Ukraine so I didn't even talk
about it yesterday I I think you would
agree with me there's a something like
an almost total blackout
reliable reporting about what's
happening over in Syria with the Turks
coming in and attacking the Kurds we
don't really know what's happening do we
but here's the thing that I that I keep
obsessing on we've learned that there's
that there are two groups of Kurds
roughly speaking at least in terms of
this conversation there are there's a
Kurdish group who both the United States
and Turkey consider terrorists all right
so some Kurds are considered terrorists
there are other Kurds that fought with
US troops against Isis and are
considered more allies but the Allies
are closely associated or so the
reporting tells me who knows what to
believe or associated with the other
Kurds who are literally terrorists so
let me ask you this how much
responsibility do we have to a group
that closely associates with terrorists
does that make you feel different about
the Kurds that we do like well we like
them but they're mighty chummy with
terrorists even even people that the
United States has officially labeled as
terrorists so that's a that's a little
nuance and remember we're I was just
talking about how why is it this
sometimes you are you are painted by
your associations and other times it
doesn't matter it's because we we choose
whichever of those versions of reality
fits the thing we wanted to say anyway
so if you wanted to be pro Kurd which
would be anti President Trump in this
context you would say well I'm talking
about the good Kurds not the Kurds not
the terrorists kurtz
and if you wanted to support the
president you're more likely to say well
you know how good could those other
Kurds be sure they helped us in the
fight but that was also for their own
self-interest were those Kurds fighting
for us or were they fighting for their
own self-interest and we were helping
them because remember Isis wasn't in our
yard Isis was in the Kurds backyard and
killing Kurds so of course they're gonna
fight Isis you know Isis is fighting
them so the fact that we were also
fighting Isis was just us helping the
Kurds was it the Kurds helping us well
yes because we also want Isis dead but
they weren't doing us a favor
the Kurds were not doing us a favor by
fighting Isis they didn't have any
choice Isis was in their backyard they
needed to defeat Isis so how much
responsibility does the United States
have to a 400-year conflict between
Kurds and Turkey when even the good
Kurds were simply pursuing their own
self-interest by fighting Isis with us
and are closely associated with
terrorists I I have no remember there's
a there's still a fog of war and what do
you hear me simplistically explain it
you have to say to yourself well is
there a whole bunch of nuance and detail
that would change everything if you do
it yes yes if there's one thing that you
can guarantee is true that my simple
explanation of good Kurds and bad Kurds
and you know and and the the way I've
very simply laid it out probably is
completely misleading if you actually
had you know the full knowledge of
what's happening there they the history
of the players probably would completely
change your mind all right so it feels
to me like president Trump's decision is
again what I'll call an adult decision
it's an adult decision meaning that
somebody was going to get killed and the
president decided him that's an adult
decision
that's a decision you don't want to make
you want to be the person who criticizes
them because being the criticize er is
safe hey president Trump II made a
decision which absolutely guaranteed the
death of some Kurdish people that we
didn't want dad and and some of them
were civilians and minding their own
business that's bad but what was the
other the other path well the other path
was Turkey was gonna do it anyway you
know that's the one thing you don't see
in the reporting the reporting
consistently says that the u.s. moved
its troops and gave a green light to
Turkey to attack the Kurds is that
exactly what's happening because I've
seen other reporting that said Turkey
was just gonna do it anyway our people
would have been in the way but they were
gonna do it anyway I'm sure they would
have given us a heads-up as in hey we're
going into this area maybe maybe pull
your US troops you know 50-ish people
something like that maybe pull them out
of the way well I heard reporting that
says they were going to do it anyway
because they couldn't tolerate the
current situation and nobody else was
doing anything to change it so I think
Turkey just said damn the torpedoes I
don't even know what that that phrase
means but I think Turkey just said we're
going in you can leave your people there
or you can take them out those are your
two choices we're going it because it's
a national security concern and here's
the thing if you heard Turkey say that's
you let's say you're the denied United
States you're Mike Pompeo you're
President Trump and Turkey says to you
here's what's never gonna be allowed
we're never going to allow groups that
we think are terrorists to have a
sanctuary right on our border so you can
kick us out of NATO you can sanction our
economy you can complain all you want
but if you're Turkey are you gonna just
sit there while you're having me groups
on your border not in any world are you
gonna do that there's no world in which
he was gonna let the current situation
stand now is that the way it's reported
no I I may be getting ahead of myself a
little bit because I'm imagining what
you know Turkey the leadership is
thinking but would you think anything
differently your Turkey you're a NATO
ally this is important
you're a NATO ally and you're watching
your mortal enemy massing troops on your
border who is allied with the terrorists
you let that stand in no world do you
let that stand
United States says don't do it Turkey
we're gonna we're gonna be bad to you
in economically or whatever we will
we'll do something bad to you if you
attack the Kurds is that a reason not to
do it only if you're dumb are the Turks
really really stupid I see no evidence
of that I see no evidence that Turkey is
a country filled with stupid people
indeed they seem to be a very educated
country you're relatively speaking that
they have a educated population and they
seem to be making rational decisions
what was the rational decision for
Turkey but you got to get rid of your
mortal enemy that's massing on your
border there's no way you let that stand
in no world do you let that stand so
every time you see the reporting that
says that moving our small number of
troops is what allowed Turkey to attack
I think you're ignoring the fact that
Turkey was going to attack under every
condition they were just getting ready
so I think the president just said I
have two choices turkey attacks and I
leave my people in danger or turkey
attacks and I take my people and danger
which one was the smart decision there's
no question I don't think there's any
question whatsoever removing our troops
was the only smart decision it was an
adult decision and now he's he's of
course put some pressure on Turkey to
not cross the line but where's the line
where is the line if turkey a NATO ally
is attacking a group closely associated
with terrorists who were on their border
and it's a situation they can't allow to
stand where's the line I can you
describe where the line is I don't see
any way that you could realistically
decide where the line is is it killing
civilians well if that's your line then
they can't do anything because of course
civilians are going to be killed because
they're in the area is it attacking the
good Kurds instead of the bad cards well
if you're turkey there's probably not
much difference the good Kurds who are
allied with and supportive of the
terrorists bad Kurds if you're Turkey
they all look like terrorists to you
that's the way we would say it if the
shoe were on the other foot we would do
what turkey is doing no question about
it all right but I I emphasize that it's
still fog of war and we still don't
really know everything that's going on
over there and maybe we never will and
maybe that's good let's talk about
California let me say this as clearly as
I can if you're governor can't keep the
lights on you need a new governor I
don't know who's going to run against
gavin newsom in the next election but
how do you lose how could you run
against gavin newsom and lose all you
have to do is you say I'm running for
governor I'll keep the lights on I'll
keep your lights on that's it that's
that's the whole race you don't even
have to say what your other policies are
I could run for governor I could run for
governor tomorrow I'll just say one
thing look I'll keep your lights on what
what about all the other stuff
Scott what are you gonna do for the
other stuff well I'll do the best I can
but mostly I'm gonna keep your lights on
I'll just make you that one promise I'll
keep your lights on how do I lose do I
lose the governorship if I can promise
to keep the lights on because that's
better than the other guy I don't see
how he could possibly get reelected at
this point but stranger things have
happened let's see what else we got
going on here so the president in his
speech singled out these Somalian
refugees now that's the way it's being
reported by some pundits that he singled
out the Somalian refugees for special
accommodation or something and in a way
he did that's not that's not untrue it
just lacks context the context was that
the president thought it was not the it
should not be the federal government's
job to decide whether there's a massive
refugee resettlement in your town the
president would prefer that your town
decides if they can handle the
infrastructure the you know the expense
of a large number of refugees now does
that sound the same here here's the
anti-trump media the president singled
out Somalian refugees for special
condemnation kind of a little bit I mean
if you ignore it all the contacts it
would that's roughly true but it's more
true that the president said while
you're in Minneapolis the Somalian
refugees had a big impact on your
community this is how I would handle it
I would not laugh the federal government
make those decisions I would rather your
town make that decision and you know if
you decide you don't you can't handle it
your infrastructure your tax base your
whatever can't handle it now you get to
decide
that's that was pretty different so it
was pretty different years I'm seeing
more and more that the anti-trump errs
are using this word as an insult to the
president and this is a quote from a
tweet this morning this is not the
behavior of a normal person have you
heard that a lot I'd see it in
especially the pundits they run into bad
things to say and they say this is not
normal
everything Trump doesn't like this is
not normal this is not a normal
situation to which I say that feels very
surrender II to me if you tell if you're
saying that the other the other
candidate is not normal that's all you
have that is why he got elected cuz he's
not normal
do you know what a hundred percent of
Trump voters didn't want normal because
normal wasn't working who wants a leader
who's normal if you get a normal leader
let me sell the stock in your company
right away was Steve Jobs normal nope is
Bill Gates normal nope not even close
none of them are normal name name
somebody have a Elon Musk is Elon Musk
normal nope not even close so what does
it mean when that's the biggest
complaint lately is that he's not normal
you're just out of ammo right throw the
gun at the monster your your Annabelle
oh you're not normal like the bad people
who used to be normal okay so here's a
little update on nuclear power so this
is sort of a public I know
demonstration and that I was calling my
shots before before I did it
just so you could play a lot so so part
of it is that this is audience
participation and it goes like this I
told you that I saw the Netflix special
called inside Bill's brain about Bill
Gates and one part of that it's a
multi-part series but one part of that
focused on his one of his bigger
investments in nuclear energy it's one
of his bigger investments it happens to
be a nuclear energy in a company called
Terra power and they have designed with
their supercomputers and geniuses a new
type of nuclear power plant that they're
looking to build now what's special
about it is that it eats old nuclear
waste that already exists as fuel that's
good it will be economical as far as
they can tell that's good and here's the
best part it's designed so it can't melt
down even if even if things go wrong it
can't it's designed so that's not even
an option in the design so they were
looking to build it in China and then
the trade war started and then they
couldn't do it in China but they they
also can't get a built in the United
States easily because the licensing and
approval process can take decades
there's something wrong with the
licensing an approval process and and so
I made this offer I said I'm gonna try
to reach somebody at terraPower and see
if we can help so you see if there's
some amount of public attention or
persuasion that can get the right amount
of energy to the right place to fix
whatever the you know the bottleneck is
and in the last 24 hours
mark Schneider who you know as a famous
nuclear power advocate reached out to
Terra power and got a hold of their CEO
had a conversation with the CEO and now
we're talking with another member of the
staff to see how we can be helpful now
well I'm talking about it possibly
having so the CEO of Terra power is
Chris Levesque and Chris Levesque is the
one who reached out and actually talked
to mark and maybe we can get them on the
periscope now that's it so far that's
the easy part right the easy part is
finding out who to talk to that part is
complete now remember the the plan that
I'm pursuing is not my plan this is the
fun part what I'm pursuing is Bill Gates
planned
Bill Gates plan involves people like me
seeing the special and activating it's
pretty obvious to me that they're the
real intention of the Bill Gates special
because Bill Gates was very involved and
he was very generous with his time so
obviously he had a motivation for it
that was beyond just getting some
attention for himself which he doesn't
seem to care about too much so it's
obvious that the reason that Bill Gates
participated in that special about Bill
Gates is that you wanted to activate the
public opinion on a number of his
projects but this one seems to be the
one that public opinion would make the
most difference and so his plan is
working so Bill Gates plan of exposing
people to this nuclear power plant and
telling us that it's kind of stalled
because of really the government is
working perfectly so now I'm involved
and some of you were involved and I got
an email from somebody else who had also
contacted somebody at terraPower who was
more directly involved in the government
interaction part but now we have three
contacts at terraPower we don't know if
any of this will lead to something good
but here's where I'd like to take it so
I'd like to continue my conversation
with them you know or at least have a
conversation with them which I can
understand in their words as
specifically as possible what's holding
them up from doing their four
build here in the United States is it
that there's a person or an entity that
needs more resources we can fix that is
there some approval entity that simply
needs more manpower or a human power
let's let's do sex Isis is there
somebody who's afraid somebody who's in
charge of approving things but they're
just too cautious is there somebody who
needs more information would it require
just the President of the United States
saying hey you guys need to change what
you're doing and I'll help you do it but
you need you know is it the public that
needs to be persuaded where exactly is
that bottleneck because we're pretty
close to finding it and I think that
when we find it
with your help remember this is a public
project this is just something I'm doing
you know with mark this is you know
you're all involved because remember the
world is at stake
civilization is literally on the line
whether you believe in climate change
being a big risk or not there is no
scenario in which we don't need lots of
clean power we need a lot of it even if
if all you think it does is clean the
air and clean the water that's great we
need that because remember we need a lot
more power and if we use the dirty kind
you're not going to be happy about it
so we're on the verge of change in the
world here or at least trying to help
somebody tweeted today and I thought it
was provocative so I'll mention it
somebody tweeted that have you noticed
that the zeitgeist which is a fancy word
for the way people feel about things at
the same time have you noticed that the
zeitgeist has turned sharply against
China in the year since I started moving
against them in other words about a year
ago my stepson died from an overdose
fentanyl was part of that and fentanyl
China is almost certainly this
lier of that drunk so that's about a
year ago is when I started going hard
against China and one of my followers on
Twitter noted that the attitude the
public attitude in this country anyway
about China has completely changed in
one year now that's not all me there's a
trade war going on but I'm certainly
going to do my part and you haven't seen
anything yet somebody asked me if there
would be a trade deal today no no there
will not there will not be a trade deal
today which I know nor will there be a
trade deal tomorrow there isn't any
chance of having a trade deal because
they don't want a fair one and we don't
want an unfair one you can't solve that
that's not a problem you should even try
to solve can't be solved we have to
decouple it's already happening now you
don't have to make a decision to
decouple all you have to do is keep
going the way we're going because I
can't imagine any major US company
deciding today to move into China you
know to do manufacturing there can you
can you see any major corporation that
would take that risk today I don't see
that I don't see that now are you going
to be watching as much NBA this year as
you did last year
now that the NBA has bowed to China I'm
not I will watch less NBA basketball
than ever before because I have a bad
feeling about the NBA now I feel like
they sided with my mortal enemy so maybe
a little less of them would be good for
my life I don't expect most of you to
watch any less basketball but but I will
alright I keep getting in trouble about
this transgender question and I'm going
to give you a whiteboard talk on it
those of you who are tired of the
transgender in sports conversation feel
free to bail out I might want to cut
this part out later and put it as a
separate video I keep saying the
transgender athletes should be allowed
to play sports but we should we should
simply get rid of you know men's sports
so the women's sports and just let
everybody play at whatever level they're
capable now what do people say when I
say that they say lots of things that
don't have to do with that so I wanted
to do a better job of explaining my
point of view and I need a white board
to do it because all of the people who
think they're disagreeing with me are
actually disagreeing with a
misinterpretation of me so so far zero
people have disagreed with me but a lot
of people are disagreed with what they
imagine I think not with what I actually
think so this will be the first time
that I've explained it completely so if
you think you have an opinion about my
opinion of transgender in sports you you
don't because you haven't heard it until
you hear it now okay here it is let me
give you two views of the world this is
what I call the dumbest effing idea in
the world alright the dumbest idea in
the world would be allowed to allow any
athlete for whatever reason it doesn't
matter if they're a transgender athlete
or any other reason it doesn't matter
why there's there are big athletes and
there are small ones but the dumbest
effing idea in the world is to let a
really powerful athlete play against
someone who is smaller and less powerful
and has no chance of winning would you
all agree so far that this is the
dumbest effing idea in the world are we
on the same page because so far
everybody who's disagreed with me
believes that I think this person in
this person should should play in the
same team in the same sport I don't
believe that it's the dumbest effing
idea in the world so can we agree on
that now I'll tell you my actual
preference all right here's my actual
preference
whoops my double-sided whiteboard oh
yeah I got the technology your doubts
wait for it wait what
so what I suggested was this that the
the days of having gender separated
leagues may be antiquated and suppose
you just ranked all your sports by
capability if you did well most of the
top and if lnb NBA would be mostly men
maybe all men but you know you might
have a kicker or something you know so
you say you might have a woman or two
that would be fine if they could play in
that league that's fine and then if you
went down the capability list you would
find some band where there would be some
band in some women and then you might
find at the bottom of this continuum
some leagues that are mostly women now
this this would be the way that would
make sense to get rid of gender as a
consideration just do capability it
doesn't matter what your gender is now
you have to work out things like locker
rooms that's a separate question
so under this you would separate by
capability and then you would use your
technology here's the key in the old
days we didn't have the technology and
the capability to watch anybody we
wanted whenever we wanted with our
current technology if you want to watch
women play women you go to your device
and you say give me women playing women
and then it takes you here and you can
watch the best woman in the world let's
say it's Serena Williams playing tennis
you can watch her playing another woman
just like today no difference it's just
like today what changed is Serena's
still a star yes she doesn't she doesn't
become less of a star because she can't
beat the number one male player in the
world and just like today there's no
difference today Serena can't beat the
number one best male player in the world
under this
she also can't be the best male player
in the world nor do you want to watch it
so you don't so you go to your search
engine you say I'd like to see the best
female players play and up pops Serena
Williams and whatever is the number two
player and you watch them play and
you're happy and you paid money and you
buy products etc suppose you said and
this would be me suppose you said you
would love to see a really high level
female player play a male player but
that would be a low ranked male player
because you're only allowing people who
were roughly capable to play each other
I would love watching this I would love
watching Serena play a low ranked male
player who was roughly equivalent her
that would be very interesting to me now
you don't have to watch that you simply
don't watch it you want to watch them
women play women and you want to watch
men play men so you do no problem
all right gender equality in 2019 is a
whole different thing than it was when
originally women leagues were set up
when when we originally said hey we
should have separate leagues for women
the world was a different place in those
days it was a radical idea that women
play sports it was actually something
that society wasn't entirely ready for
are you kidding me girls playing sports
what kind of a world is this but that's
not the world we're in now there's
nobody nobody in modern society anyway
nobody in the United States who thinks
the women couldn't or shouldn't play
sports that's not a thing so we're at a
point where you can just let your
technology match the audience with the
games and the sports they want to see
and everybody gets what they want
now what exactly is the problem with
this well one of the problems that
people say is let me give you the worst
criticism I heard the worst criticism is
that when you went to the event and
you're watching the play
it would take you forever you'd be there
for like you know months and months
watching the same event until you saw
the first woman play to which I say no
you would just only go where you wanted
to to watch women play because you would
know what the schedule is nobody would
watch anything except what they wanted
to watch because it'd be a schedule you
would just watch what you want to watch
would the market reward Serena Williams
as much as it would reward the top man
I don't care do you care because the
market is the market it's just going to
adjust to whatever my my assumption is
my assumption is that the top female
athlete in every sport would still be
the top athlete female athlete in every
sport would NBC wanna broadcast Serena
Williams if she was in some sort of long
continuum where she played people of
equal capability of course they would
why wouldn't they want to broadcast one
of the most entertaining athletes of all
time why wouldn't they the market would
guarantee somebody is saying this is
hilarious all right you might be new
here so I'm gonna give you one pass you
are allowed to criticize but if you're
just saying I'm stupid
with no no reasons then you get blocked
okay you're allowed to have any
different opinion I like that
all right Serena said she won't play man
she already said that well Serena
actually also said that she would like
to play men I just
I literally just read a quote from her
in which she was saying it would be fun
but she wouldn't win if she played Andy
Murray
so she said she'd be up for it because
it would be fun you know the audience
would love it but she doesn't think
she'd win a point that seems fair to me
all right now here here's how to know if
you're dumb all right if you just watch
this and you're saying to yourself
Piscotty don't you know that a low
ranked man could still need beat sarena
that has nothing to do with what i'm
talking about so if you're saying that
you're not you're not paying attention
all right
does every now does anybody have a
complaint with my actual opinion because
I want to reiterate what my opinion is
not I think I need better technology
here if you're joining now this is what
my opinion is not a huge dominant player
would not play against a smaller less
capable player regardless of gender
forget about gender under my situation
where everybody plays in the capability
that their that their talents allow
everybody plays the same size what's
wrong with that all right now now that
you've heard my actual arguments tell me
your objections somebody who's somebody
here saying you finally finally makes
sense wow I'm actually not seeing any
disagreements somebody says I'm thinking
we'll exclude women from scholarships
why why would it why would a college
stop giving scholarships to women why
would they do that there's no reason
there's if they're doing it now there's
nothing that would stop it lots of boys
would dread and be bullied why would a
boy be bullied I don't I don't see that
point no one wants to watch men play in
the WNBA
that's a stupid comment all right so
whoever said nobody wants to watch women
play in the NBA right no one wants to
watch men play in the WNBA either you
joined late or you're stupid so you can
decide which it is because I just said
my system says there's no time that the
big
person you know the big talented person
is playing in the same league as a small
one you just said Scott nobody wants to
watch men play in the WNBA under my
scenario there would be no WNBA there
would just be people playing the level
they can play and there would be no case
where the man plays the woman if there's
a big difference in size if they were
roughly the same capability then there
would be some cases in which they play
and I would watch it personally I would
find that interesting you would never
see upsets yes you would sports would
always have upsets a boy who gets beat
by a girl would be made fun of
have you ever if you ever see what
happens to a boy who's not good at
sports against other boys you know
people loses sports they have to get
used to that and losing to a girl if
you're a boy I'm talking about younger
kids you should just get used to it
you're gonna have to toughen up if
losing to a girl is what's gonna make
you cry you need to toughen up women
would be too low on the totem pole no
they wouldn't
alright you weren't paying attention if
you said women would be too low on the
totem pole do you weren't paying
attention because nothing in my my
suggested plan would make women less
important as subjects of sports because
you would search for women if you wanted
to watch them and then you would watch
them just like today Serena Williams
would still get all the sponsorships
because she would be the best female
playing who was who was born you know
born with her equipment yeah however you
want to say it that's not offensive and
by the way I don't know exactly the
right way to say these things in non
offensive ways but I promise you I'm not
trying to offend anybody so if I did it
accidentally
that's not intended if it's not
separated by gender women will look
inferior does that
makes sense somebody says if if you
don't separate sports by gender women
will look inferior as sports is there
anybody who doesn't know that the best
female athlete can't beat the best male
athlete who exactly is going to have a
new understanding of human beings that
doesn't make sense the transition time
to your system is 10 years yeah it would
probably take a while I'm very
fascinated in your comments solve title
9 problem or you aren't serious
well again title 9 is part of a current
system and I'm not entirely sure
anything would change when it why would
anything with title 9 change because
women would have every every opportunity
as men so if you're thinking that my
idea suggests that the only money goes
to the people who are at the top of the
list I'm not saying that I'm not saying
that at all there you could have title 9
with this idea the women would get just
as much support people who wanted to
watch women only sports would know when
they're playing and they would show up
and just watch that somebody says women
are physically inferior what the hell
does that mean
what the hell has nothing to do with
this conversation
you were eliminating choice women might
want to watch only women play are you
even paying attention under my proposed
theory everybody watches whoever they
want to watch if you want to watch only
women play it's easy you go to your
device we're going playing women and
then you watch it okay all right so one
of the things I wanted to demonstrate
with this yes as you know I have a book
coming out called loser think and
this this topic surfaces a lot of loser
think accidentally and one of the things
that it surfaces is and I talked about
in the book failure of imagination so a
failure of imagination is one of our
biggest traps in the case of the
transgender athletes when I argue that
we should allow everybody to play at the
level that they can compete what do
people criticize me for in almost every
case maybe every case they criticize me
because they can't imagine how that
could work which is different from
saying it couldn't work your your
inability to imagine how something could
work is not the same as they can't work
and so you saw a fairly graphic example
where when I would quickly say well just
let people play at the level they can
and the market will adjust that's the
summary of it people couldn't quite
imagine how that would work and then I
explained it and so I give this caution
to help you get out of your bubble or to
find out if you're in a bubble sometimes
the problem is your own imagination and
you and the problem with your
imagination might be that you don't have
experience across different realms so if
you had experience with lots of sports
and co-ed sports in particular as I have
I played every sport a lot not every
sport but most sports a lot a lot I mean
I was just immersed in sports for most
my younger years and older years too and
played a lot of co-ed sports if you've
never played a co-ed sport you probably
have a little less appreciation for how
much fun that is it's really fun it's
really fun yeah I don't think it gives
up anything and that's my experience and
if you have not had experience in
economics in creating business models
and marketing and technology it might be
less obvious to you that we could simply
use our technology change the business
model a little bit and everybody gets
what they want all right so if you
didn't have at least a little bit of
experience across those broad categories
it would be invisible to you you would
not be able to imagine that there would
be a way to fix the system and you would
be in your little bubble and so this
book teaches you little tricks to get
out of your bubble and you can see a an
excerpt of it pinned to my Twitter if
you'd like to read a free chapter of the
book go to my pinned tweet and you can
see a link to it there and that's all
for now and I will talk to you later