hey everybody come on in here well yes
this is where a coffee with Scott Adams
happens every day at this same time DJ
doctor funk juice thank you for your
continued support on Twitter I know what
you want now yeah it's obvious it's
written all over your faces you're
looking for the simultaneous up well he
came to the right place you did and all
you need is a cup or more glass of
tanker chelators ty the canteen jug of
flask a vessel of any kind filled with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better these
simultaneous go
so as you're aware the biggest news of
the day is this corona of virus there
seems to have started in China from
eating bath or something I'm not sure I
believe the story of where it's starting
but as you know it's a major outbreak
it's killed 26 people hundreds of people
have been infected China is closing
entire cities entire cities are being
closed you can't give in can't get out
unless your medical professional so
obviously this is the biggest story in
the world and equally obvious if there's
this gigantic virus problem we don't
have any kind of cure for it we don't
have shots for it
so I think it's obvious that the United
States government would shut down all
travel between China and the United
States now I haven't seen any stories on
that but it's obvious right I mean there
can't be this gigantic you know deadly
virus in China that's breaking out
they can't contain it it's fairly
obvious that the the US government has
closed all travel between China and the
United States but I wanted to read you
the official the official statement
that's so if you'll bear with me let me
find this on CNN looking for the
official statement from our government
about how they're closing all travel
with China to shut down that virus okay
I don't see it on CNN cnn.com but I know
maybe they're just focusing on the the
impeachment or something so let's go to
Fox News because obviously it's the
biggest story of the country and
obviously our government is shutting
down all travel I mean that would be the
only way to keep us safe
let's see Fox News no no it doesn't seem
to be on Fox News either which which
would suggest that it's not happening I
may have warned you in the title to this
periscope that there would be some extra
cursing this would be the point of the
extra cursing so if you don't want to
hear any extra cursing this would be the
time to turn down your sound because
there's a gigantic virus outbreak in
China that's deadly and as far as I can
tell from my major news sources the
government of the United States has not
yet shut down all travel with China here
it comes
are you kidding me are you
 kidding me
we have not shut down all travel with
China are you kidding me
give me a reason any reason this is
 impeachable right here now maybe
there's a reason maybe there's a reason
but tell us the reason if you're
not going to cut down if you're not
going to shut down all all traffic with
China right now until you figure out
what's going on you owe us a
 reason alright government give
us a reason or shut it down
otherwise what the hell are you doing so
China so far
if you connect with our technology to
China's technology what do you get you
get a spy virus and and they
steal your intellectual property so we
can't connect to them technologically
because they'll just steal our and
send us spyware we can't have travel
with them because they'll send us their
 bat virus we can't have any kind
of economic agree with your agreement
with them because apparently they
 cheat so is there anything that
we can do with China that isn't toxic oh
okay sure we can at least accept mail
from China that's safe no it's not their
mail is full of fentanyl we
can't take their mail we can't connect
to them with a goddamn
technology we can't let their people
travel here because they're filled with
their bad virus and we can't
even do business with them the
country is completely toxic we need to
decouple let's just decoupled
all right that's enough of that topic
but seriously we need to shut down the
travel like right now let me give you a
little update on Twitter and Google +
and the questions about some alleged
shadow Bannock
I have a new hypothesis for why Twitter
seems to sometimes for some accounts in
some situations you can follow people
and then be unfollowed if your fault if
you're following this story you know
that ambassador Grinnell his account
many people lots and lots of people
including me reported following him
multiple times only to find later that
they had somehow been unfollowed so I
did contact Jack Dorsey I was asking
about it and he's looking into it and I
don't have an official answer yet he
asks some follow-up questions that I
answered so Twitter's looking into it
but while they were looking into it and
as I mentioned before this tick tock app
that is owned by a Chinese company can
under some situations ask for permission
to control your Twitter account I guess
if you're going to post your tick-tock
videos to Twitter it needs some
permissions so one of the possibilities
is that there's a third-party app that's
controlling your Twitter and so I looked
into my Twitter permissions I'm sorry I
looked into my permissions for any apps
to see if it to see if I had any apps
that had permission to change my Twitter
account and here's the thing I would
never give an app a third party app
permission to control my Twitter feed I
would never do that now there are a few
exceptions one one is periscope itself
because you know it's a twitter product
so I don't have a problem with periscope
being able to change my Twitter account
it's all the same company
and I did have HootSuite connected
because HootSuite is a an app that lets
you post to different social platforms
but here's the surprise I had several
apps you know minor apps ones that you
haven't even heard of that had Twitter
permissions that I was unaware of until
I checked my phone that's right a person
me who would never intentionally give a
third-party app access to my Twitter
account had given 8 different I think
there were eight of them eight different
apps actually had permission to change
my Twitter account if you had asked me I
would have said zero because I would
never consciously make that decision
except in those few cases that are
obviously safe but there were several on
there that were just apps I tried out at
one point and another now at what part
in the process and what part in the
process did I not see that those apps
were asking for that permission because
I never would have given that permission
not in a million years not intentionally
so here's my new hypothesis it's third
party apps so I would like to ask those
of you who have had any experience of
following and unfollowing anybody or or
maybe even if you've been followed and
unfollowed so anybody who's had the
experience of having an automatic
unfollow that you that was not yours
check your phone and have you check I I
don't remember enough to tell you but
just google it had it how do you check
your phone's app permissions it'll pop
right up just google it you'll see the
directions so if I had to if I had to
rank the possibilities the the names of
the apps actually don't matter because
as I said it was a variety of RAD like
eight different apps so you need to just
check all of your permissions don't
don't start with do I have those
the gaps just check all the permissions
because it's the ones that are sneaking
in there that are the problem maybe so
if we were to look at all the possible
explanations for why Twitter seems to be
performing in a way that we would not
expect and had not authorized you know
the one is that it's senior management
of Twitter trying to influence the
election personally I give that
essentially zero credibility because
human nature is not such that people who
are already winners in other words if
you're a senior management or you know
you've got a ton of stock in Twitter
you're a winner in the game of life I
mean you've done well right it would be
insane for them to collectively decide
that they would risk their reputations
their stock their company risk at all
for for a scheme that would be so
obvious to detect because we're all
looking at it we can detect it we can
see that you followed it and followed so
I would say the odds that Twitter
management is behind it is basically
zero you know I'll always allow that
there's always you know anything can
happen you could never put really zero
and anything but it's close to zero the
other possibility is that it's some kind
of a bug I think that's also close to
zero because it's so obvious it's just
so obvious that I would Twitter not know
about it how would they develop a
product that's this ubiquitous but it
couldn't do the simplest thing
technology can do a little handshake
between the app and the central servers
that says did you get my did you get my
signal yes I did okay now I'm done
simplest thing you could do in
technology so it's that it's not a bug
and almost certainly is not a senior
management but having seen now how many
third-party apps could have done this I
would say the odds are something like 80
percent that there are bad actors from
the outside or messing with your Twitter
feed so that's my current my current
speculation current hypothesis I'll keep
you updated I'm trying to schedule a
discussion with Google about my D
monetization on YouTube maybe I'll talk
to them Monday I'll update you on that
as it happens all right you've heard of
course about the FISA warrant story
apparently the Department of Justice
looked at all the FISA warrants
regarding this Russia collusion stuff
and found that at least the last two
because there were several renewals the
last two renewals they found were not
based were not legitimate basically they
did not have a basis in law now it was
the last - what does that tell you well
unfortunately we have at least two
hypotheses that are reasonable one
hypothesis is that it was always biased
and and it it was rigged so one
possibility is that bad actors were
using this process and abusing it and
they were using it to spy on the
president and his team and it was all
bad actors that's possible the other
possibility that cannot be eliminated
based on what we know is that once you
get a little bit invested in your plan
it's hard to change so it could be that
people people were just a little bit
stuck in confirmation bias there was a
little bit of inertia going on that's
you know a sprinkle of incompetence it
would be easy to imagine that because
the other ones have been renewed that
people just let their guard down they
just let their guard down well the last
ones got renewed here's another one
black assign it do the judges read every
word of everything they sign you hope so
but probably not if it's renewal if it's
a renewal you probably asked in it don't
you if you say well I've approved this
thing three times in the past it looks
like it's just more of them the same
people I trusted last time say the
sign it maybe give it a cursory review
get on to other business so I don't
think you can eliminate the possibility
of incompetence but certainly if you if
you believe that there are bad actors
it's good it's going to lead you in that
direction the president very cheekily
retweeted a meme that I think came out a
few years ago that showed him standing
as a painting they showed him standing
next to a window inside Trump Tower one
assumes with a Barack Obama on the
outside of the window looking in so in
other words there was a meme about Obama
or his administration wiretapping or
spying on the president so rather than
that at any commentary he just he just
tweets the humorous meme which I thought
was kind of brilliant because it makes
everybody talk about what it means
anytime you can get people to talk
themselves into the thing you wanted to
say as opposed to saying it to them it's
good it's more persuasive to get
somebody to you know to work on the idea
and come up with it on their own based
on a few clues if you can get them to do
that because that that really makes them
focus and that's what he wants people to
do focus on his point of view that he
was right all along
that the government members of the
government were spying on him and his
campaign at this point at this point you
can just say it's true right I mean it's
two movies on one screen so some people
are gonna say it's not true but I think
we can say yeah that's true a funny
story coming out well it's funny even
though the topic is not funny so there's
nothing funny about discrimination
except maybe this story so let me say
that again there's nothing funny about
discrimination except maybe this there
was a man at African American man who is
suing a Michigan Bank for racial
discrimination after he says the staff
refused to deposit a settlement check
from his other racial discrimination
case
so the story as it's reported is that an
african-american man successfully sued
somebody doesn't matter who for racial
discrimination at one and he got a big
check so he takes his big check into a
bank and they they look at him and they
look at the check and they think no this
doesn't fit they called the police on
him now when I say there's nothing funny
about discrimination except this story
which is kind of funny because first of
all you want a bunch of money so in the
end he's kind of a winner he's getting
some attention his you know I'm sure he
cares that his topic is getting
attention too so he's kind of a winner
and he's also a fighter I like the fact
that he's a fighter and he fought the
first case anyone happened to get
fighting it again I kind of like this
guy I don't know the details of the case
you know so I'm not going to presume
who's guilty or innocent but I like a
fighter but here's the thing the story
as it's told is that it's a story of
discrimination being so bad that this
one guy runs into two major examples of
it one after another and that's entirely
possible so it might be that the way
this was reported this is exactly
accurate there's so much discrimination
in the country there's sometimes maybe
not often but there's enough that
sometimes it'll you'll have two really
bad cases right in a row maybe that's
what happened but there are at least two
other possibilities two possibilities
the other possibility is it's fake news
because if it's in that category of news
where by its nature you should doubt
it's true right because it's a little
too clean it's a little too perfect it's
a little too the edges are wrapped up or
just a little too nicely on this story
so I'm not saying it's a fake news I'm
saying that the nature of the story fits
into the category of stories that are
probably fake news at least 80
of the time that doesn't mean hisses I'm
just saying it's in that category where
you should just automatically put a
filter on and say maybe maybe but it's
in that category it's a little too
perfect
here's the other possibility a third
possibility and again I'm not saying
that there was not two cases of
grotesque discrimination it's entirely
possible if not likely that that's what
happened but here's the other
possibility maybe it's him maybe it's
him now I'm not saying it is but I think
it's funny that that possibility is not
considered there's that one of my
favorite comics for a long ago was a guy
sitting in jail and he was saying to his
bunkmate he goes 17 arrests 17
convictions maybe it's me
I've been laughing about that for years
because it's it's a joke about how the
last thing we consider is that it's
awesome because it's always something
else it's other people and what I say
it's maybe it's him I'm not saying it is
I'm just saying that if you're looking
at all the possibilities of the story
one you can't rule out is that he looks
suspicious not because he's black but
because some people just look suspicious
am i right you know who else looks
suspicious me it I have a lifelong
problem that I looked suspicious I can't
tell you how many times I've been
accused of things I haven't done all the
time and I think I think the reason that
people regard me as suspicious is
because they think I'm clever enough to
get away with stuff and if you're clever
enough to get away with stuff well maybe
you're doing it now
so in my own way I'm one of those people
who has gone through life continually
being questioned about my my honesty or
my credibility when I'm actually being
honest and totally credible I am one of
those personalities that people don't
trust for whatever reason
you know I hope you do and I hope I've
created enough of a track record that I
have credibility on here but I'm just
saying that in my interpersonal life
it's common for people to imagine I've
done all manner of bad things what I
haven't so one possibility is that
there's something about this individual
that has nothing to do with his color
that made that the teller at the bank
say there's something wrong with this
situation it has nothing to do with his
ethnicity so that's possible anyway but
good luck to the individual involved I
do not I do not mean to suggest anything
beyond the what the story is all sad
that he got discriminated against twice
he's a fighter good for him
yeah I hope he fights and wins this if
the story is is accurately reported
let's talk about Joe Rogan Joe Rogan has
lit the lit the Twittersphere on fire by
the saying recently I guess on his
podcast that he'll he says quote I think
I'll probably vote for Bernie and here's
the reasoning he offered he's been
insanely consistent his entire life he's
basically been saying the same thing Ben
Ben for the same thing his whole life
and that in and of itself is a very
powerful structure to operate from
what's that mean
what does it mean to say the consistency
is a powerful structure to operate from
well I would put a different word on it
I would call it authenticity because I
think that's what both Trump and Bernie
have in common in a weirdly different
way but there's something about the fact
that Bernie is always Bernie that makes
you trust that least he has good
intentions and at least he believes what
he says which is a lot right so when Joe
Rogan says that you know that alone that
consistency and and I do believe that
all of the people running for president
actually have the the best interest of
the country in mind I really do believe
that I don't think you put that much
work and risk into running for president
until you've really
bought off on the idea that you're
trying to help the country I just don't
in our system I don't think you get that
far unless you really believe that so I
believe birdie believes that as well as
all the other candidates so how did that
work out for Joe Rogan well not so well
you would think you would think that
backing Bernie would be the safest thing
he could ever do right because if you
want the social justice warriors to be
happy well I'll pick a Democrat right
safest thing you could do in this
country if you're a public figure and
you're in the entertainment field by far
the safest thing you could do for your
career your own personal safety probably
pick a Democrat that did not work out as
well as he may have hoped because it
turns out week is now being accused of
being a white nationalist trans folk now
you can't even win there's just no way
to win it is a now obviously if anybody
has spent any time watching Joe Rogan
he's definitely not a white nationalist
or even close right he's not even in the
zip code of a white nationalist so this
this accusation to guess so this is one
you know idiots on Twitter saying with
this stuff the this is the most
grotesquely
defamatory it's just it's just horrible
just horrible that he would be slimed by
that kind of accusation now the trans
folk thing at least there's a little
meat on that and essentially he's talked
about athletes now that there's a risk
to female athletes if there's a larger
somebody was born with male body parts
and testosterone could be its you know
blah blah blah that the smaller person
can get hurt so that has targeted him
for you know for abuse from the left so
he kind of kind of created a position
where he can't win but let me pile on a
little bit may I pull up sure why not
so I love Joe Rogan personally and as a
mentor to him and professional one of
the best people in the world one of the
best entertainers in the world nothing
negative to say about him but but I
don't think he's an economist was that
fair to say you know if I said that to
Joe Rogan in front of them I said Joe
you know I understand why you're backing
Bernie but would you agree that you do
not have a deep understanding of
economics I think you say yes would that
be a unfair statement that's not an
insult it's not an ad hominem this is
same thing I said about Greta and I'm
not insulting Greta you know tunberg on
climate change it's not an insult
it is simply a statement that some
people have experience in different
domains and I think that well I
completely appreciate it in fact I've
said the same thing that Bernie's or
thoth entik personality is much to be my
admired on many levels I admire it I
have mad respect for Bernie for that
reason but it's still an economic
decision isn't it I mean no matter what
you think of Bernie's character the
ultimate decision of Bernie versus not
Bernie is really an economic decision
and I don't know how you could make a
decision about voting for Bernie without
a background or at least enough
background on the you know the the the
basic concepts of economics so I feel
sorry for Joe Rogan I'm sure he doesn't
feel sorry for himself that I doubt
that's in his in his mental vocabulary
to feel sorry for himself I get the
sense that that's just an unproductive
feeling that he would be unlikely to
experience because he's mentally very
tough or so it appears we can't read his
mind but if he ever thought that backing
Bernie was going to be the the safe
harbor
I don't know if you thought that but if
he did think that I guess he found out
otherwise here's another story I'll be
talking about it'd be if he's been in a
minute in a minute did you hear about
the pill okay pillowcase rapist so there
was somebody named the pillowcase rapist
because he would put a pillowcase over
his head that many times and he was a
serial rapist there were lots of
unsolved rapes and he was just caught
they're pretty sure they caught him
because his son got in some legal
trouble and they got the son's DNA and
as soon as they ran the son's DNA
through the database Boop
they found that it matched all it
matched close enough to be a close
relative of whoever was the actual
rapist and then it was it was a simple
matter to find out that that guy's
father also had some I think some prior
criminal record in that domain and then
it was a matter of easy matter to pick
him up test this DNA and they got it
here's my point to all this the we are
at a point right now we don't have to
wait for anything we already have
everything we need and this is going to
happen guarantee it
a hundred percent of serial murderers
and serial rapists will now be caught
probably in the next 12 months think
about that we now have the technology
that if we have some DNA and I would say
that in the case of a serial anything
you're always going to have DNA right
serial rapist you're gonna get some DNA
somewhere serial murderer you're gonna
get some DNA and I guaranteed you're
gonna get some if they keep doing that
kind of crime you're always gonna get
some so in the next 12 months thanks to
companies like auth room that can do
this kind of thing they can look at a
database and find out if you're related
to anybody and then track you down 2020
is the year think about this this is
enormous 2020 is the year that a hundred
percent of serial violent crimes get
solved
all of them every one of them I think I
don't think we'll have a single one left
on the books by the end of this year let
me just think about that that's mind
blowing
you know I predicted years ago in my
book the Dilbert future that all crime
would be solved in our lifetime and
here's the first concrete example all
serial crimes violence will be solved
all of them if you're tracking my
predictions and you should here's one
that's starting to shape up how many of
you have laughed at me ha ha ha cartoon
boy stick to Garfield as they like to
say what I said that Carla Harris would
be the Democratic nominee ha ha ha
you're so wrong Scott because of all the
reasons and then she suspended her
campaign double ha ha ha Scott ha ha ha
you're so wrong she's not even in the
race anymore and then I said hold hold
hold because she has another path to the
White House and that path is now being
talked about by more people than me
including the New York Times including
the Sacramento Bee that are now talking
up senator Harris has been weighing an
endorsement of Joe Biden oh that's
interesting
Carla Harris is now it's being reported
in the New York Times the qumola is
considering endorsing Joe Biden huh
interesting isn't it and Sacramento Bee
reports that they interviewed Joe Biden
and they asked him about picking Camille
Harris as a VP and he said would he
consider it he said he'd consider for
anything she wants including vice
president he would consider her for
anything she wants including vice
president now if you were to looking at
cobble Harrison
on her own you'd say now so strong in
fact that's why she had to suspend her
campaign this compared to the other
Democratic candidates she didn't quite
have the the necessary parts but she's a
really good compliment for Joe Biden
meaning that she's tiptoed into the
progressive field a little bit but not
so much that she can't pull back and
become a little bit more mainstream and
still have a little bit of credentials
in that progressive field because we
like people who used to be something and
then changed their mind even though we
say we didn't because we at least know
that they've lived in both heads they
lived in you know they used to be a
Democrat now the Republican that's an
advantage I would say is somebody who's
lived in both worlds they've got a
little appreciation we treated it as if
it's flip-flopping and as if it's a
fault but probably not now the reason
that she's a good complement to Biden is
that Biden's opinions will be the focus
and she would just be a supporter and as
a justice supporter she's not going to
say too much that it isn't just well
Biden is saying and so there won't be
much ammunition to go after her for her
own opinions nor does she need to be
especially charismatic remember I told
you that it's going to be very hard for
Biden to pick a running mate if he gets
nominated because he's got to pick a
running mate that's a worse version of
himself because that's what the that's
the best look because you want to think
oh the top person is definitely the top
person but you've got an emergency
spares a little smaller it can get you
50 miles that's all you need just a good
small tire emergency spare that won't
take you all around the world but it'll
get you to the to the service station
Carla is the exact antidote to Biden
she's young and she's experienced she's
a senator she knows where all the parts
are so she knows how the the town works
her weaknesses will be somewhat hidden
by being a vice presidential candidate
but her strengths will be magnified
because every time you see them or
talking
you say okay you did pick a woman he did
pick a person of color
check-check we have less to worry about
now you say to yourself but Scott Scott
Scott Carmel Harris is not popular in
the in the black community
does it matter it doesn't matter because
Biden is Biden we'll give her what she
needs at the same time that she's giving
him what he needs which is the emergency
spare tire in case he fails and he's
unlikely to even if he were to win which
is deeply unlikely he is very unlikely
to go for a second term because of age
who's the obvious next candidate if he
doesn't go for a second term his vice
president pick if he picks the right
vice president she would be established
now the the best part of this is the
Carmel and Biden have the most
endorsements from establishment
Democrats which means the establishment
likes them and I believe that word has
the most connections to the Hillary
Clinton machine if you will so it looks
like Hillary Clinton will be the shadow
president under the scenario that Biden
wins and has word as a vice president
that would bets basically put Hillary
Clinton back in the White House without
having to run because of the chain of
influence all right let's talk about so
I put that out there if you're tracking
my predictions that would be the one of
the most wild predictions I've made
yeah that's shaping up to be more likely
than you think that's that's more likely
than you think here's another one do you
remember that's from the start of this
whole impeachment business I kept saying
that there was one defense that I'm not
hearing from even the supporters of the
president that needs to be the defense
and what I said was that you need to
establish that there was a national
interest in looking into the Biden
verismo situation and did you did you
know how frustrated I was getting
because for weeks you know I don't know
how long
seemed like weeks I kept saying you just
have to say there was a national
interest and you're done that's it
that's the whole story was there
national interest yes if it's yes
it doesn't matter there it's also good
for the president so here's what's
developing so as I started out being I
think just about the only person who was
saying that and now we see that it's
Lindsey Graham's primary argument so
Lindsey Graham is saying you know we
don't want to call witnesses because we
don't think we need them but if we did
the central question is going to be did
the president have a legitimate reason
to look into burr yzma and Biden and and
the there's a suggestion yes on top of
that the Democrats own defense or not
defense but the Democrats own lawyers
have made the case that President Trump
believed what they call conspiracy
theories about Ukraine they say he
believed that Ukraine was you know mad
interferes in the elections that my
friends should be the end of the
impeachment because all you need to know
is the evidence that the Democrats
themselves have introduced all you have
to do is accept it accept their case
don't accept you even the Republicans
case if you accept the Democrats own
framing for this it's over because the
Democrats have suggested strongly and
and based on actual evidence of the
president's conversations with real
people who report them
there is real reporting from direct
evidence people that the president
seemed as far as they could tell to
believe that you that Ukraine was
legitimately something to be looked into
now as long as the president believed
that to be the case does it matter if
it's true it doesn't because the entire
case revolves around the president's
intentions and if it was true that he
legitimately believed as though as the
Democrats themselves are reporting
this is not even the Republicans case
this is the Democrats case against him
they say he believes the conspiracy
theories about Ukraine were done if he
believed it their own case that's what
he said that's what they say that's all
you need because he could be wrong and
not get impeached
it is not impeachable to make an
assumption which is wrong it is not
impeachable to to believe something that
it turns out to not be true but beyond
that if we have witnesses you can
guarantee the hunter biden's right on
the top of the list so Lindsey Graham
has focused on this by far he has the
best framing for how this whole thing
should be run the best framing outside
of Alvin Dershowitz who says you don't
even need to talk about the details
because it's just you know doesn't meet
the constitutional test on the surface
so the details are irrelevant you don't
even need to get that far but you saw I
did a big tweet thread at the same point
saying that the the main question is
whether brie Simone was worth looking
into from the national interest you saw
that Rush Limbaugh or I told you rush
limbaugh did a extended segment talking
about my tweets and talking about the
the same point that there was national
interest to look into this stuff and now
we see in the New York Times they've
printed in an opinion piece by Josh
Blackman a constitutional law professor
at South Texas College of Law in Houston
and he basically explains that that it's
completely acceptable in our system to
have a president do something that's in
his own mind primarily for re-election
that that's not impeachable as long as
there's also an argument that has
something to do with the National good
it doesn't matter if it's ninety ten you
know ninety percent of it is for my own
good or 99 percent of it's for my own
good doesn't matter doesn't even matter
if the candidate thinks a hundred
percent of it is only for their
self-interest
so long as there's also a national
argument and there is there is a genuine
national concern so the new york times
of course is an opinion piece that
doesn't mean that the new york times
editorial board or anybody else agrees
with it but they printed it so now
you're seeing that the the weight of
argument is is shifting in that
direction so if you're trying to
determine if I'm causing the simulation
to change or simply predicting it well
hard to tell is that I just leave that
out there and even Jay Sekulow of
Sekulow has has said that that question
is now relevant because he said that the
the Biden's were now fair game in the
trial because the Democrats have quote
opened the door so in legal terms if one
side brings up a topic that makes it
fair game for the other side to discuss
it now you could argue that they
shouldn't have brought it up but they
did so now the Democrats have opened
that question of whether the Briz and
the Biden thing was appropriate which
means if they want more witnesses
they're gonna have witnesses on that
topic and and also senator Josh Hawley
Republican in Missouri is also echoing
the same point he says it's now clear we
absolutely must call hunter Biden and we
probably need to call Joe Biden so you
see that the president's defense is sort
of move toward that now the other day
yesterday you think some people push
back a little bit because I said that
the president's lawyers were very good
they're excellent lawyers I said that
they have so far botched the defense
well let me clarify that they're not
done with the defense so one cannot say
that they have botched the defense like
as a statement of the end because we're
closer to the beginning than the end
when the president's defense seriously
kicks into gear I think they're just
going to demolish the Democrats
what I said in terms of it botched so
far I'm gonna stick to that because now
that you've seen the the Lindsey Graham
framing and now you know the cyclos
framing and Josh Holly's framing my
framing rush limbaugh you see you see a
lot of people thinking about this and
watching saying you know maybe the focus
should have been that you that one
question and if I said to you tell me
the president's defense all right if
you've watched if you watch the opening
statements from the president's lawyers
what's their defense I actually don't
know I actually don't know do you if I
said what is what do you remember from
what the Democrats are saying about the
president you probably remembered
because they've repeated as so many
times they're focusing on it they're
they're withholding the information
because he he tried the president tried
to force a foreign country country to
interfere with our elections
you know what the Democrats are saying
right you know they're saying he used it
to dig up dirt and that they're
withholding documents that's all you
know all the details the public doesn't
know it's just too confusing but you
know that now do it the other way what's
the what's the president's defense not
for me but what's the president's
defense as so far expressed by his by
his defenders in in the impeachment I
don't know I watched it and I actually
don't know I think it was something like
your accusations don't don't have merit
I don't know but here's what it should
have been it should have been there's
only one relevant question did the
president have a legitimate interest in
looking to Biden in Brisbane the
Democrats say he did have a good reason
that's really the end of the case so we
yield our time to the Democrats our
entire defense will be five minutes that
he had a good reason to look into it and
the Democrats have acknowledged that
because they say you know he believed
that the
something there that's what they say we
believe it too
so we're all on the same page we all
believe that the president thought there
was something legitimate in terms of the
national justice should be looked at
that's it I wouldn't say anything else I
wouldn't defend my presidents you know
confidentiality with their with their
advisors and all that stuff it's all
important but if you're trying to
convince the public you need to keep it
simple and I don't think that's happened
so I expect them to focus in on that
point all right let's talk about Schiff
and his presentation I'm going to start
with a positive and I said this before
Schiff is like the Energizer Bunny I
have never seen shift look tired have
you have you ever seen him look tired
now I think he's pure evil but man the
guy's got energy you know he's like he's
like a pitbull and I said before I'd
recently learned that he also was a he
runs marathons and triathletes and stuff
it turns out this ship is like a really
good athlete I'm actually very impressed
and that's a good role model and I don't
want to lose that good part just because
the other part is pure evil so was it I
think CNN had this headline shift gets
choked up during emotional speech what
what what theater were you watching I
didn't see shift get choked up I saw him
pretending to be choked up do you think
Schiff has really choked up about any of
this stuff do you think he even believes
this case I don't think there's a slight
case that even believes his own case
so it's hilarious that he fooled anybody
into thinking he had genuine emotion in
this that was not genuine emotion I was
just acting so I've been a mocking shift
for his many cases of loser think as as
I described in my best-selling book
loser think all the bad ways of thinking
and arguing and he uses all
Ingram pointed out the mind-reading so
he makes lots of assumptions about what
the strangers were thinking in her
secretive thoughts yeah he also uses
laundry lists persuasion which is bad
persuasion because if you don't have one
good reason you have to you have to give
ten and it makes you think well there's
no one good reason but if you put all
ten together so he's doing laundry list
persuasion mind reading he's doing half
pinions the half pinion is where you
show one side now because this is a a
domain in which people are just being
advocates of course they're only doing
their side but in terms of loser think
showing one side of a decision is
irrational it's not irrational in terms
of persuasion but I'll talk about that
he shows the failure of imagination how
many times have you seen shifts say what
other explanation is there except this
well if you can't think of another
explanation for the same the fact you're
saying it could be because there's only
one explanation it could also be because
you're not good at thinking up alternate
explanations it could be just a failure
of your own imagination if you can't
think of more than one reason to explain
the facts you see the problem might be
on your end you can't tell the
difference they look exactly the same
then of course confirmation bias you
know he acts like every every piece of
evidence fits together in this big
mosaic but in fact that's not how life
works
lots of times is just confirmation bias
now people ask me why are you saying
that Schiff was winning yesterday at the
same time you're saying he's using all
this loser thinking it's all just
irrational babble those two things are
not incompatible when I talk about
persuasion the things that matter the
most is what messages are getting
through how much time are you spending
on it and what was that message he's
spending a lot of time making at least
the people watching the news focus on
what he wants you to focus on that is a
gigantic persuasion win the fact that
in the process of doing that he's using
exclusively almost loser think there's
lies there stuff taking into context the
the the videos he Sheldon are just lies
they've just taken out of context to
reverse their meaning is he's irrational
he's reading minds does any of that
matter not really because my book before
loser think was when Bingley persuasion
in a world where facts don't matter what
he's trying to do is not be illogical
he's not trying to he's not trying to
convince a judge or a real jury who
might try really hard to concentrate on
facts he's trying to persuade the public
and you don't need good thinking to
persuade the public you just need your
message to be repeated a lot focused on
have an emotional content that's about
it so his his completely irrational
loser think arguments are very effective
because of how much time he's getting
and the fact that we haven't heard yet
the rebuttal I would expect the
situation to reverse when the defense is
doing it's full push he's going to get
annihilated Don Lemon has a little legal
problem you may know this it's an older
story but it's bubbling up again I'm not
sure why but there's a man who's suing
Don Lemon CNN host for allegedly a
sexual assault yeah I don't want to give
you the details of it but let's let's
just say something creepy happened at a
bar drinking was involved you know but
nobody took their clothes off
I don't want to get into the details but
it's a it's it's a creepy accusation if
it happened
now of course CNN is quite famous for me
two stories as really the entire press
is famous for that there's a lot of them
but the question for CNN is when do you
believe the accuser because the accusers
got a
story that on the surface sounds pretty
credible I think there were witnesses I
think there were multiple witnesses
actually now if those multiple witnesses
are saying the same thing and that's the
early reporting that they are why does C
and then keep him on the payroll it's a
good question right now I'm very much in
favor of innocent until proven guilty so
if he worked for me if I were his boss I
would definitely keep him on the payroll
and I would also have kept everyone else
on the payroll who was accused of things
while the trial where the process is
working its way through but here's all I
want to say about that if if C and n
ever did decide to cancel Don Lemon
let's say that lawsuit went someplace
would we ever see this headline CN n
sours on lemon
that's all that's that's all reason I'm
telling you this story because I don't
care too much about it other other than
will we ever see Fox News with this
headline CN n sours on lemon well I hope
so well no I don't I don't hope that
anything bad happens to him I just hope
if something does that we get a funny
headline in in it but I don't wish
anything bad on anybody all right so
there was an interesting poll from
national Emerson College poll and they
asked supporters of the various
Democratic candidates if they'd be
willing to support any Democratic
nominee if their preferred one doesn't
get picked so at the top of list was
Elizabeth Warren so 90% of the people
who want Warren to be the nominee also
say that they would support well whoever
gets nominated that's good
Biden said 87 percent Buddha judge 86 so
they're clustered toward the top and
around that 90 percent so what does that
tell you well let's keep going so
Bloomberg 7080 sort of in the middle of
the pack and then at the bottom it gets
interesting
Sanders only 54% of the people who say
they want Sanders as their first choice
are willing to
pick just any old Democrat if it's not
him only had only a half and Yang's that
exactly half yang supporters say that
only half of them would would support
the Democrat if it's not yang half only
half of them so what's that tell you
what does that tell you about who would
be the stronger candidate well I think
this is sort of upside down from what
you think if you think that the best
candidate well let me put it this way
I'll go right to the punch line the
reason that yang has only 50% of the
people who say they want him to be
president would be willing to support
any democrat is clearly because they're
not Democrats in other words yang and
Sanders are picking up a whole bunch of
support from people who don't maybe
consider themselves quite totally
Democrat they might be independents in
some cases they might actually be
Republicans who just happened to like
this one guy yang because he's you know
more science-based or whatever it is so
I'll tell you what this tells me that
the two candidates with the biggest
chance of beating Trump would be Sanders
and Yang and here's why I believe that
the Democrats who are just solid
Democrats
I just couldn't vote Democrat oh all the
ones even the ones who say ninety
percent of them say that they would
support Warren but you know that's the
first choice but 10 percent of them
apparently would not support the other
candidate if it's somebody else I don't
believe that I believe that something
like a hundred percent of the people who
support Warren probably 100 percent of
them will still no matter what vote
Democratic because the the alternative
is Trump right but what about those
Sanders and yang people were about half
of the people said they wouldn't support
the other Democrat well if you did pick
Sanders or yang doesn't that suggest you
would pick up a lot of independents and
Republicans that you couldn't get with
any other candidate am I wrong
so I feel like I need to be checked on
the logic of that but my logic is
Sanders and yang are clearly signaling
that they can pick up people who are not
Democrats because if they were solid
Democrats half of them would not abandon
their candidate just because another
Democrat got elected
I feel like this poll is telling us as
clearly as possible I might be wrong
about this I feel like I'm not quite
confident in my opinion on this I feel
like it's saying yangon Sanders are the
ones that could be Trump right um
there's a study that says one-third of
household food is wasted this is
important because I've been saying
forever that the way to balance the
budget is to figure out and lower the
cost of living a high-quality life
now do you know why a third of the food
in American households is wasted well
variety reasons right but one of the big
reasons given is that you have to drive
to get the food in our system you have
to get in the car you got a planet and
you go and drive and get some food and
what does that caused you to do what
causes you to buy more food than you
need today because you don't want to
drive every day so you buy a bunch of
food some of it goes bad before you eat
the stuff that you like the most
so there's something about your food
being far away from where you want to
eat it that causes a third of it to be
wasted there are other factors so that
probably doesn't explain the whole third
but that's that's the hypothesis for why
it's so easy and it was said look I saw
this in the context of how to design a
proper future city where your food is
close to you so you just walk outside so
so let's say it's 4:30 in the afternoon
and you want to eat dinner at a six you
just walk outside 10 minutes away
there's a market you grab a bag full of
fresh food and you go eat what you
bought today so if you designed the way
people live to be more efficient
you could cut their food costs by third
by third and they'd be not only just as
happy they would
be happier because the the food that
they did he would be fresher so I I
think there's a gigantic opportunity to
lower the national debt because if you
can lower the cost of living in general
that all of the people who need a little
extra help won't need as much help and
that's where most of our money is going
here's an interesting little signal of
things to come I talked about this
before but I'm going to add a point to
it so I talked about how the president
agreeing to plant to be part of the
trillion tree planting to combat climate
change and the fact that he recently
said it wasn't a hoax strongly suggests
that the president is sort of migrating
toward the center the center being you
know that climate change is enough to
worry about we don't know everything
about everything maybe we can't predict
the future to accurately maybe the maybe
the alarm is too high
what is something worried about so you
can see the president shifting toward
the middle now I said that before but we
also see Democrats starting to embrace
nuclear power especially the newer types
that are they're safer generation four
it's coming down the pike if we can
develop it quickly enough doesn't melt
down because it's built so it can't and
they eats existing nuclear waste as its
fuel in some cases so you're watching
you're watching two things happening you
saw two highly polarized camps you know
AOC is saying it's the end of the world
we're all gonna die Trump originally
saying that's all hoax
completely opposites but every time
there's a new story that says the
temperatures of the highest they've been
or whatever it gets a little more
convincing that something's happening
whether it's man-made or partly man-made
or not but there is some general
agreement that the temperatures look
like they're going up and it looks like
Trump is sort of drifting toward the
middle which is absolutely the smartest
thing you should do politically forget
about the science politically
no brainer politically drifting toward
the middle is exactly what you want to
do because that's such a big issue and
it's going to be a big issue for the
election so but you're so you've seen
both sides drifting toward the middle I
think it's because we're now recognizing
a common enemy it's the difference
between the two sides of thinking that
the other is the enemy which is where
we've been right the green New Deal
people are saying you republicans are
the enemy because you're gonna get us
all killed
and the Republicans are saying you green
New Deal people are the enemy because
you get a ruin our economy and get us
all killed but it feels like this this
gradual move to the center is because
both sides are finally realizing there's
a common enemy the temperature now I'm
not going to get into the debate and
what's real and what's not I'm just
talking about the politics of it then
it's drifting toward the middle and
here's another sign of it there was one
of the articles on Fox News which
famously is pro Trump and that's the
important point so Fox News is a very
Pro Trump entity has this headline did
Trump have a change of heart over
climate change policy it talks about on
the 5 Greg Gutfeld was talking about
this the same topic and noting that the
president seems because of the trillions
replanting it seems he's softened on his
position moving toward the middle a
little bit here's the interesting part
there was nothing in this article there
was negative about climate change it was
just straight up reporting that you know
the this is what the five said and this
is what the president did now I feel as
if a year ago that would not have looked
the same I feel as if Fox News would
have said something a little more
skeptical sounding because it's
readership
there's certainly many of them written
that in that camp so it's looking to me
like there's something happening there
now as you know Minority Leader
McCarthy is working on a plan for energy
and clean climate those two things are
really the same topic and we might see
some good stuff coming out of there and
so we're definitely seeing a movement on
the Republican side toward accepting at
least the risk of climate change so
that's a big deal
here's another little thing that's
bubbling up apparently the White House
has invited Israel's prime minister and
his main political rivals to Washington
this is weird isn't it so the White
House has invited you know Netanyahu but
also his main political rivals the
people who disagree with them to meet
with them in Washington to talk about a
potential Palestinian peace plan makes
sense to me because if you can't get
Israel to agree on the plan you know
internally well you're done right so
step one get the Israelis on roughly the
same page so that there there's at least
one less thing to worry about before you
even talk to anybody else why are they
doing that now I think maybe it's
because conditions are changing and
there are apparently massive hundreds
and thousands of people protesting in
Iraq to get the u.s. out and we've said
at least preliminarily we've said no
they're not leaving so and also you know
you're up to date on everything with
Iran and we'd like to have some kind of
a a nuke deal with Iran that actually
did prevent them from getting nuclear
weapons which we don't have now
here's what I think and they're also
talking about the White House has
delayed a few times they're their big
peace plan ideas for the
palestinian-israeli situation but that
maybe they're starting to ramp up again
because they wouldn't they wouldn't call
Israel in to a meeting if they weren't
serious about trying to ramp it up again
here's what's interesting look what we
have to offer now now if you believe
that Iran is the the biggest influence
I'm the Palestinians and let's say
Hezbollah and the anti-israel forces in
general the proxies what's different
well Solomon a is no longer on the
playing field so the the main military
guy who is causing the main military
problems is now off the chessboard and
because Iran did that you know semi fake
attack they've said well we're done
retaliating and as far as I know and
maybe the reporting is not good on this
yet but as far as I know they have stuck
to calling you know winding not winding
down but at the moment the proxies that
you would expect to be active don't seem
extra active I mean I'm sure that there
always be some missiles lobbed and
toward our allies or us but it looks
like something in Iran is different
there at their economy is on the brink
so they're probably more flexible than
ever at the same time Iraq's citizens at
least a lot of them seem to want us to
leave what this creates is for the first
time all of the variables have fell into
place for a big deal and it goes like
this and you know of course the u.s. is
not going to offer this unless it's the
last thing in order to get a peace deal
we would need a ran to stand down from
its proxies stop supporting you know
terror you would you would need a ran to
agree to negotiate in some kind of a
deal that more teeth in return for you
know sanctions coming off their economy
but here's the big one and this asset
just got created out of nothing it might
be that what we have to negotiate is
leaving Iraq which we want to do anyway
the president has created a situation in
which he can say I got something to
trade here's something to trade how
about we get out of the Middle East
would Iran consider themselves
victorious if they got the United States
military out of the middle
or at least reduced his footprint to
something something manageable Iran
would actually call that a victory
wouldn't it and I think it would be I
think they could legitimately say it was
a major victory if they got to the u.s.
out of the Middle East at least in
substantial ways in Iraq anyway I think
that that's a deal under the right
circumstances we might be willing to
make because we want to leave anyway but
we don't want to leave until it's a good
idea to leave so I'm thinking that we've
never had this situation before where
Iran is presumably desperate for a deal
because their economy is on the brink we
have something to give which is us
leaving Iraq which doesn't cost us much
which is the ultimate deal situation you
want a situation where somebody can give
up something that's the key to the deal
but the thing they're giving up didn't
cost them much so they so it's possible
to give it up it's possible for us to
give up Iraq under the right conditions
so and then the other thing that's the
right conditions is that you've got a
dealmaker as a president and everybody
recognizes that even though everybody in
the Middle East understands that this
president will make a deal it's not
dogma he's a deal maker and that gets in
their heads and that I think that that
actually makes it more likely to do a
deal simply because when they think of
the president they think of deal-making
and we're such simple creatures that if
you just say this guy's a deal maker a
deal maker or a deal maker if you hear
that enough what do you start thinking
just uncritically you say to yourself
maybe we can make a deal so just the
fact that his reputation is a deal maker
greatly increases the chance that
people's minds will be in deal-making
mode that's a huge deal
and it's invisible right it's just part
of the benefit of this president is he
brings that with them to every situation
and it takes everybody's mind to
deal-making because I think well that's
that's the variable we're dealing with
you
but the other thing that's we've never
had before is the strongest I think the
strongest leaders we've ever had in all
areas there we have some really capable
leaders and I'm even talking about you
know Iran I'm talking about Saudi Arabia
sure sure sure we got our problems right
yeah
sure sure sure MBS you know yeah needs
to explain why he's killing journalists
but Saudi Arabia is a solid you know
ally at this point and they've got a
strong leader who's also a deal maker
he's willing to do with other people
we're not willing to do
Netanyahu obviously a deal maker Iran
always dealmakers Iran surrender their
deal makers so we have the most deal
making solid same people we've ever had
dealing probably Solomon a was the big
problem there and we may be finding out
that his absence makes everything better
so I think I hit all of my main points
here they get in ah
[Applause]
all right
somebody says he wasn't a journalist he
was really just a spy for somebody yeah
I saw the thing about the so Elizabeth
Warren was to cancel student debt and a
citizen confronted her and said what
about all the money I paid why am I
being penalized for being good at saving
and I would say that's a good question
and it's probably why this whole student
debt thing will never work all right
thank you
Oh people are complimenting me on my
periscope today thank you I appreciate
that and I will talk to you all later