[Music]
hey everybody get in here yeah it's time
to talk about the coronavirus are you
sick of the coronavirus yet now we have
to talk about it because it's affecting
everything and it's the only thing
happening of consequence so we'll be
talking about that but I am so sick of
the coronavirus and we've got a lot more
coming so let's do our best
join together try to make this a perfect
day DJ doctor funk juice good to see you
as always and before we get started I
think we need to do a little thing
called the simultaneous hip and all you
need is a cover of margaret glass a
tanker chelators tie and a canteen Joker
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the dopamine hit of the day
the thing that makes everything better
including the coronavirus it's called
the simultaneous hip and it happens now
go someone says what if it's all a hoax
well that was a good question a few
weeks ago it's not a good question
anymore the the ratio of people who were
saying it's just the flu and it's a hoax
and you know it's all overblown I'd say
that ratio went from you know half or
eighty percent or whatever it was down
to well there's not much of that anymore
but let's say let's talk about what
we've learned I didn't watch Bill Maher
last night but he makes so much news
that you could always read about it the
next day and I read some of his quotes
what he was talking about Biden and I
guess I have the answer to a question
that I've been wondering for a long time
and it goes like this I know you you've
probably had the same question right and
it goes like this when Trump was first
running for president all the Democrats
were saying some version of this to me
Scott can't you see it can't you see the
problem here are you blind
why are we all seeing there's something
wrong with Trump but you don't see it
what's wrong with you
well good why can't you see it now I of
course thought the answer was that they
were having TDS and I was not and that
he would be good for the economy and
trade deals and stuff like that and I
think largely that has been that true if
you don't count the coronavirus but that
gets to my questions which is don't the
democrats see what's happening with
Biden can't they see it I mean it's not
really subtle anymore is it maybe a year
ago you couldn't see it maybe a year ago
you'd say oh maybe that is his stutter
or something but what about right now is
there any Democrat who's been watching
any of the videos of Biden recently who
doesn't see it I mean actually the it's
not a rhetorical question I'm actually
intensely curious about this I don't
know what they're seeing because they're
not going to tell you exactly but I
think Bill Maher came pretty close and
I'm going to paraphrase and read his
mind and all the things that you
shouldn't do so you know Bill Maher will
have to give you his own opinion if you
really want to know what it is but in
context and I've talked to other people
who have a similar kind of vibe to them
I told you that my one friend said that
he would vote for a pile of old
magazines before he would vote for Trump
and I thought haha that's funny
and then I thought no he means it
he would actually vote for a pile of old
magazines over trouble you've over
anything it doesn't even matter what it
is I think we've actually gotten to that
point where the candidate isn't even
part of the question anymore
is it because if Biden were part of the
decision in any way below I guess we got
to have another four years of Trump at
least you know at least he can function
but it's not even part of the question
we've gone so far into ridiculousness
that whether the question whether the
candidate as a functioning brain will be
alive or dead after election doesn't
even matter I mean that's actually
what's happening and I believe I'm not
exaggerating I believe that people are
saying you know we we don't even care if
he survives a week after he gets elected
we don't care if you know they're
they're feeding women with a spoon and
he doesn't know his name I think they're
I think we're being told that directly
at this point so Bill Maher seemed to
clearly understand there's something
wrong with Biden so again I don't want
to read his mind but I will say that he
did indicate that he is aware that is
pretty obvious something wrong with
Biden and still wants to beat once and
to be elected so he's saying it kind of
directly it's it's it's an amazingly
absurd situation that you could only get
there gradually you know the old thing
about I had a boil a frog you know you
do it gradually but you know if we'd
started from nothing and said okay hey
hey everybody we're thinking about
running some Democrats against President
Trump you know we don't have any names
in mind but we've got this idea we're
gonna run this guy who was a who will be
in his 80s if he gets elected he's not
very competent he's not very
accomplished he's not good at talking to
people
and and by the way there's there's
something seriously wrong with his men
to acuity but that's who we were gonna
run against Trump now if somebody had
said that on day one you would say oh
that's pretty funny
now you're kidding right that can't be
serious you're not actually gonna run
this shell of a you know of somebody you
used to have a brain against Trump the
one person who will not pull any punches
because your brains not working you
don't expect Trump to pull any punches
if so the only way you can get to this
place is by this gradual series of
events where it's sort of slowly
building there to the point where people
are actually willing to vote for a
brain-dead guy over the current
president it's truly amazing it tells
you a lot about people none of it's good
all right does anybody see Biden's
attempt attempt at doing a live stream
some kind of a town hall situation oh my
god if you haven't seen it go look for
it it's in my Twitter feed and it's all
over Twitter it's pretty easy to find so
the the the basics of it are that since
the physical rally is in person were
canceled Biden was trying to do the best
he could he used the zoom a technology
for sending out your stuff and was live
I think they tried to do a live and they
couldn't get they just couldn't make it
work the sound didn't work and then the
worst part Biden didn't seem to
understand that he needed to look at the
camera because he starts wandering
around he actually wandered off the
camera he was holding his phone in his
hand now now this part is not his fault
exactly but it kind of is so the the
sound didn't work the way it was
supposed to with whatever kind of
microphones they had set up so because
it's zoom you have a second way to do it
you can use your telephone
as your microphone basically so you had
Biden standing up
they're holding his phone like this and
talking into it but if you were watching
it you'd say to yourself because you
wouldn't know why he was doing that
you'd say is that an old man who doesn't
know there's a microphone and he thinks
he's talking into his phone now it turns
out he had to do it that way because of
the technical problems but if you were
just tuning him to watch it it would
look like he didn't understand how
anything work now that wasn't his fault
exactly but he didn't he didn't make it
any better so I really don't see how
anybody under the age of seventy could
see that video and say well there's the
guy you got to get more of that that's
that's we want leading us in an
emergency all right let's talk about
China so there's and I need to I guess I
need a fact check or a logic check on
this because I have a point of view that
I'm pretty confident in about that
doesn't seem to make any sense
which bothers me of course and it goes
like this China's strategy against the
Wuhan virus not a racist is it looks
like they're trying to eradicate it in
other words just stop it
and they've done one heck of a good job
it looks like I mean from the outside
you can't really tell but from the
outside it would look like they've done
an amazing job you know given the size
of the challenge and the size of the
country and all that you know slow clap
amazing great job rising to the
challenge etc but there's just one
problem
their strategy seems to be to try to
stop it but our strategy is to just slow
it down how does our strategy live in
the same world with their strategy
because our strategy is not to stop it
and our guys say that pretty pretty
directly you have to you have to let it
enough people get infected
until it's hard for it to spread after
that point so you protect the old people
you you slow it down so the hospitals
are not overwhelmed you let the the
young people who don't suffer too much
from it get it and then the old people
can leave the house because all the
younger people who might have infected
them have you know enough of them have
have gotten it and gotten over it and
have some kind of immunity that that the
old people would be safe so our strategy
I'm no expert but based on what the
experts say every day it looks like our
strategy is not only completely
reasonable but it's doable it's really
hard but it's doable we're just going to
protect the weak build up a herd you
mean the immunity but how in the world
is that compatible with China's problem
China's strategy is to stop all of it
they can't have one person in China who
has this flu and it doesn't get
immediately quarantine because it's
going to spread so correct me if I'm
wrong but because our strategy is
guaranteed to work with some amount of
extreme pain but it's guaranteed to work
we don't have any doubt that when we get
to the undefended enough people have
been exposed that will be okay that
seems to be a solid assumption by all
the experts now there's a rumor going
around that you can be infected and
reinfected and I would say that the
experts are not saying that it was a
rumor on the Internet
but when you talk to when you listen to
the experts talk they talk about herd
immunity which means that it's not a
case of once you get it you can get it a
hundred times again so there must be
immunity so I wouldn't believe the
internet rumors that there's something
unique about this particular one that
it's the only one you can't get an
immunity to that that doesn't seem to be
demonstrated
but the point is if China the only way
that China's strategy of eradicating it
would work is if the rest of the world
did the same thing and succeeded but
they can't so China has a strategy that
can't work what are they going to have
to do when they realize that their
strategy can't work they're just there
isn't any chance it would work there's
none it's not like it's a longshot
it's a zero shot and I think every
expert would agree with me on this I
think every one a hundred percent would
agree that it can't work so here's
what's going to happen I think I think
the United States is going to get
ravaged but we'll pull through because
we're pretty good at pulling through and
when I say ravaged I mean most of you
will won't even have anything except a
few weeks off of work or whatever you
know some some inconvenience but you
know old people might be dying at a
higher rate and you know it's going to
press our medical staff and even
convenience awesome you know whack our
economy for a while but I think the
United States has decided to pull off
the band-aid you know what I mean
like we have to get it to get past that
I think the United States says all right
that's our plan if there's only one way
to get there
well that's the way we're gonna go China
seems to have picked a plan which for
political reasons looks terrific
so if you're the outside world and
you're looking at China you're saying
wow that's terrific China look at what
you've done the sacrifice you've done
and that's protecting the world and it
probably is and by the way thank you
China you know for again you know I'm
not loving the government over there but
it can be said that the individual
Chinese citizens fighting hard to stop
this thing have done a solid service for
the rest of the world it wasn't their
fault
you know the average Chinese health care
emergency person not their fault the
virus got out there just sacrificing
their life to stop it
so thank you sincerely the governance
another another question of course but
it seems to be that China is going to
have to adopt our strategy and when they
do let's do some numbers let's say
best-case scenario they can get it down
to a 2 percent death rate now in other
countries we can we have hope it could
be under 1% South Korea maybe that will
be our experience Italy is higher let's
just pick a number let's just say that
China could get it down to 2% but
eventually they're gonna have to let
people get it because that's the only
way they're going to get past it so
they'll have to give up on their trying
to eradicate it and locking down
everything they have to open for
business eventually or else everybody
will starve to death when they open for
business it's going to go right back to
where it was because it has to there
isn't there isn't really any possibility
China won't go right back to where it
was right I mean seriously there's no
possibility that it won't ravage the
country as soon as they you know stop
locking people now so if it does they
got what 1.3 billion people over there
what's what's 2 percent of 1.3 billion
yeah we're talking about world war 2
level casualties just in China and I
think that's inevitable because again
you know somebody says vaccine but the
vaccines probably 18 months off and I
don't know how effective will be and I'm
not really sure we can make one maybe we
can
so is China trying to eradicate it until
the vaccine comes out because they can't
wait 18 months there's no way they wait
18 months I think they're gonna have to
loosen things up in a month or two and
then it's it's just gonna ravage the
country again so I think the u.s. is
going to come out better
because our strategy is is better than
their strategy now maybe they had to do
it the way they're doing it just to sort
of slow it down and get a handle on it
but ultimately they're gonna have to
adopt our strategy and when they do
because of the size of the population
it's you know it could be a 40 million
dollar forty million people dead in just
in China now we might get it down to say
1% and and then we might have you know
half a million 1.5 million at risk here
as well but it would be the older people
who we already know we're at risk
now what here's some good news if you
can call it that you know good news is
relative but the world is a lot of
countries are handling things
differently which means that we have
massive a be testing so we can look at
South Korea and all the other countries
and say alright what worked and what
didn't work now that's a rare situation
you don't normally have this many
laboratories working simultaneously and
some of these laboratories are going to
come up with good results and some are
not so it's very likely that the result
of all this different approaches is that
we'll find one that works best people
will know it you know because everybody
is communicating and they'll quickly
adopt the best practices at the moment
we have pretty good practices but
clearly given that everybody's doing
things a little bit differently there is
something that's a best practice we just
don't know what it is yet
we're getting close let me give you some
examples so in China some of the things
they're doing differently is they have
portable CT scanners what where's my
portable CT scanner I just had a CT scan
I had to go to the office and get out of
this big bed and it's got these you know
things that pass over you and it's a big
operation but China apparently has lots
of portable CT scan equipment which
apparently is really helpful because
they can scan you and I guess there's
something visible
the lungs that can confirm that the
virus so if you have if you have a
portable CT scan and as they do in China
that's one of several ways that they
have of testing now why is it we don't
have portable CT scans in the United
States that's a question for you why
don't we have them or do we do we I
don't know but I did a little bit of
research into medical expenses some time
ago when I was I was trying to
understand for myself why everything is
so expensive you know where where are
all the costs in this this big you know
budget of healthcare where's all the
cost one of the things I found is that
there was a story of somebody who had
and I'm just operating from memory here
so I probably get some of the facts
wrong I believe there was somebody who
invented an MRI machine that was like a
tenth of the cost and red tape prevented
him from building it and selling it
that's right
red tape and the United States prevented
a guy from building and selling the
device he'd already invented we know it
works he built it he built it if it
works it was like a tenth of the cost
and he just couldn't do it because of
the red tape now China's got all these
portable CT machines that don't work as
well as the the big ones but in a pinch
they could at least tell if you've got
some visible signs in your lungs fairly
rapidly
and my guess have no no reason to
believe this is true from facts is just
experiential I would guess this is true
I'll bet we couldn't get that built in
this country somebody says define
portable that's a good question I was
assuming it was you know a hand carried
but portable might mean something else
you're absolutely right
it could mean you put it on the truck
and take it somewhere you know it could
be a bigger unit I don't know but the
point is they have lots of them and
they're portable I don't think we have
that I would bet that that's something
that the president could
with an executive order meaning that
there's something stopping those from
getting built probably and it's probably
the government all right so that's one
thing the other thing that China is
doing is temperature testing every time
you you know exit or enter a building
apparently so they must have lots of
access to portable temperature taking
devices I don't know if we have enough
of those and they're doing that we're
not doing that but it makes more sense
that they're doing it because they're
trying to eradicate it it looks like and
we're not we're actually not trying to
stop it that's a that's such an
important distinction if you don't
understand that in the United States
we're not trying to stop it just slow it
down then you nothing else will make
sense to you because you'll say well
wire why are simply kids still you know
why are we people going out in public if
we're trying to stop it and the answer
is we're not here's another one the in
Germany apparently you know and this is
information from you know Ken on the
internet and some sources so everything
I say on this should be subject to
fact-checking but apparently Germany is
recommending or or pushing pneumonia
vaccines because if one of the reasons
that people die is that the virus causes
pneumonia and that's an ammonia that's
the cause of death Germany seems to
think that the pneumonia vaccine is
helping now I don't know if I've had a
pneumonia vaccine that might be another
one of the variables for example how
many of the Italian senior citizens have
taken the pneumonia vaccine I have no
idea how many people in South Korea have
had the pneumonia vaccine no idea how
many in the United States I don't even
know if I've had it because I'm over
fifty so I'm a candidate for the facts
for the vaccination I think my health
care provider would have
giving it to me No or do I have to ask
for it I don't even know how that works
so it's a big question then the other
thing the China does is if anybody has
symptoms they separate them from family
immediately who we do that do you think
we could put children in cages in this
country I'm saying it in the provocative
way but you see what I'm getting at
right if the United States started
separating parents from their kids it's
gonna look like kids in cages pretty
quickly but China's doing that if you've
got the flu you're not going to see your
family for three months they take you
immediately to a quarantine type of
place but again we're not trying to stop
it here we're just trying to slow it
down now I tweeted around a great
article talking about the difference in
the old people in Italy versus South
Korea and apparently Italy's big
problems I just have lots of senior
citizens so you know it's it's no
surprise that they had more deaths and
problems in hospitals etc so I mean that
might explain the entire difference
between Italy and everything else but
there might be one other difference in
this country one of our biggest problems
might turn out to be one of our biggest
life savers which is in this country if
you're a senior citizen you're likely be
to be turned down to pasture to go live
in isolation by yourself
and die in loneliness maybe you have a
partner maybe you don't but in this
country we kind of isolate to senior
citizens
they often have kind of lonely lonely
lives is that the same in Italy not so I
don't know and Italy are you likely to
be living with your family if you're 80
that guy he was talking about my dad
steps on I don't know how that was
appropriate and then somebody says no
visitors to nursing homes yeah I wonder
if in this country we are socially so
let's say hostile to our elder citizens
which could not be more obvious than the
fact that the was a boomer remover is a
hashtag that's trending literally the
idea of you know culling the herd of all
the old boomers the the young people are
sort of celebrating a little bit
sometimes privately sometimes not we
have a weird culture where old people
are disrespected and therefore put out
to die in isolation could that help us I
mean it's a horrible situation horrible
but it might have something to do with
why Italy has so much problems and maybe
we would not we'll see the schools in my
area closed have your schools closed so
here's my question so yesterday I was
saying what I really really really need
just as a parent slash step parent I
really need the government to issue some
guidelines about what to do with the
kids who are not going to school because
the schools are closed can they play
with friends can they play with one
friend if one friend comes over the
house is that okay because remember
we're not trying to stop it just trying
to slow it down so my current thinking
is that kids can play with friends while
they're not at school but we should
limit the number as if you can really do
that because once they leave the house
you know if a kid leaves the house it
goes to a friend's house you have no
control you know all of their friends
could beat at that other house so it's
probably going to be a lot of kids
getting together but not nearly as much
as if they were in school
so it definitely makes a difference but
what is the what is a guideline you know
how many should you let your kids leave
the house I need some guidelines from my
government I saw a suggestion going
around the internet which I embrace
restaurants are just gonna get just
absolutely killed because restaurants
seem like the kind of place you don't
want to go when there's a flu epidemic
peggy noonan tweeted and i think other
people have this idea as well that you
should buy gifts if you if you're in a
position where your income is not going
to go down because of all this stuff and
a lot of people will be in that position
so a lot of people if you work for a
fortune 500 company you work from home
but otherwise your income would be you
know about the same so if your income is
about the same and you were going to eat
at restaurants but you're not it would
be really helpful to the restaurant if
you bought a gift certificate because it
could help them through the through the
tough times but in order to buy that
gifts and see if it you have to walk
into the restaurant most get in most
cases so yeah that's sort of a trade-off
there but it's not a terrible idea if we
can find ways to help the local
businesses you should do it so you know
Ivanka Trump retweeted me yesterday my
tweet about will see more human
ingenuity in the next two weeks then you
could imagine it will be breathtaking
you know you're seeing it already but
the the level of genius that is being
applied to this is is a global level
that we've never seen before I mean this
is similar to the Manhattan Project on a
global scale
you know the Manhattan Project developed
the bomb worked because the you know
smartest people we could find were put
in one place to do it
but now the smartest people on the
entire globe for at least smartness is a
specific way are engaged in this this
one tap
we've never had this before and it looks
to me like the the inventions the the
thinking that comes out of this is going
to be just amazing I mean it you know we
could easily come out of this with the
solution to coronaviruses which seems
even impossible all right I guess for
people at mar-a-lago have tested
positive for people have been there at
one time or another the president's
doctor has now said that the president
should not get tested and the reasoning
from the doctor is that the the people
that the president had contact with
which were known to eventually test
positive for the virus that those people
were not showing symptoms at the time
that the president interacted with them
I don't know maybe we need to get rid of
the president at this point I'll just
complete the thought the entire expert
community is telling us that people can
carry the virus before they are
symptomatic the doctors the doctors I'm
sorry the president's doctor sounded
like Joe Biden there for a moment the
president's doctor is saying in public
in the middle of the crisis the opposite
of what the experts in this virus are
telling us now I don't know how you can
have confidence in your president if he
doesn't get tested under these
conditions because the whole point is
he's trying to lead us to take extra
precautions and he's modeling the
opposite behavior it's the opposite of
leadership I can't pretend he's doing a
good job on this
somebody says Scott did you block it
bill Mitchell yeah I did Bill Mitchell
is damaging the country with idea with
opinions that are so dumb that they're
dangerous
I hate to say that because I I like Bill
but until recently he was still saying
is just sort of the common cold and or
he was downplaying it I think that was
the wrong the wrong move for the country
so here's the thing if the president got
a test some people are saying Scott
Scott Scott if he gets the test
somebody's going to say the tests are
are limited and so an old person
couldn't get a test how selfish of you
to take the test no they wouldn't no
they wouldn't if the President of the
United States gets tested were all just
happy
sure critics will find anything to
complain about but even they won't mean
it I'm not worried about complaints when
you know the people complaining don't
even mean it of course we want the
commander-in-chief to be tested is there
any question about that No
now you might say to yourself but Scott
I agree with his doctor that the the
that the odds of him having it or so low
that he's in the category that you
should not get tested and that's
actually modeling it correctly that if
you don't have symptoms and you don't
think you're going to have sometimes
there's no you know you're you're not
you're not immediately dangerous you
don't want to test but that's that's
just not exactly what the experts are
saying at the moment the president's own
experts were saying if you came in
contact with somebody you should
probably get tested and he's not and
he's still shaking hands in public so if
your president is shaking hands in
public while telling you not to and your
president is not getting tested while
telling you that if you were in the same
situation you should meaning his experts
are saying that I don't have confidence
in him as as a leader during this crisis
I hate to say it I mean I've been his
strongest supporter for a long time well
no I'm not a strongest supporter so
there are stronger supporters but you
got a you know there's there's a point
where the country is more important then
you just got to call it like you see it
and I just it's hard for me to be
political at the moment because it's
life and death and at the moment he's
not getting it done he is he's telling
us stuff that just isn't true and
normally I'm completely supportive of
the president saying things that are not
true
nobody said that more than I have
because it's usually hyperbole in
salesmanship and you know what he's
doing and and you know it's not
important that he exaggerated something
I don't care about any of that
none of it but if he gives you
information about what to do or what the
government is doing during an emergency
and it's not accurate
well that's a problem you know once or
twice she'd say you know if happened
once or twice she'd say okay that's it's
an emergency we're gonna make mistakes
we'll quickly correct
I wouldn't even I wouldn't even be
bothered by a few mistakes but at this
point it looks like you just can't do it
sorry it looks like he's not up to it
now does that have anything to do with
the fact that he's a certain age you
know before President Trump ran
I said clearly and often we should not
be electing leaders of this age because
even if they look pretty good at the
beginning of their term you don't know
somebody says in all capitals Wow
Scott Trump is getting tests in all
capitals and shouting at me does that
matter how does that matter to my point
so the president's doctor just said
today it's a it's a it's news today that
his doctor said he doesn't need the
tests so he at least needs to fire his
doctor which by the way would give me
confidence if the president fired the
White House doctor and then took a test
I would be so down with it completely
down to that now I don't know if the
doctor is to blame my guess is that the
doctor is taking orders not giving them
and again if it's true that Trump is
telling his doctor what to say hey just
say this
and it's not what the doctor actually
thinks is the best thing well then the
doctor should be fired right wouldn't
you agree
if the doctor is is making a political
calculation and not a medical one you
should be fired I don't know if that's
the case I'm just saying is it that's a
hypothetical so but because it's
emergency this next part is important I
am quite confident in the experts
I'm quite confident in our medical
community and responders etc they're
gonna have tons of obstacles but I'm
very confident in our you know general
capability as a country and I don't
think that the president is making bad
decisions that's important if you look
at the actual decisions put pence in
charge you know throw money at it try
things communicate you know close down
travel if you look at the decisions they
all look pretty good
I gotta admit the decisions look pretty
good so he says doctor Jude disagrees
meet with me on this you mean on the
testing of the president well here's the
thing
I think dr. drew would agree that the
president falls into the category that
the experts and dr. drew you can if
you're listening you can contact me
later and tell me if I'm wrong but I
think it's true that the what the
experts are recommending is different
from what the president is doing that
just needs to be fixed however you do it
all right let's see you know I have I
have this suspicion you know we're all
we're all drowning in conspiracy
theories and you know our minds our
imaginations are going wild but this
whole issue of not enough testing in
this country I'm not sure it's exactly
the way it's being explained now I do
believe that we wish we were doing more
testing and we don't have enough we'd
you know we weren't prepared and and all
that so there does seem to be some
mistake
at the base of it but I wonder if the
reason we weren't so prepared is that it
doesn't make as much difference as you
think it should let me say it this way
if you have enough cases to determine
that there's a virus and let's say it's
a bowler or something like that and
you've got enough tests you you probably
you don't need that many tests because
things like Ebola
apparently we learn now you you can kind
of isolate them and kill them entirely
but the corona virus is not like Ebola
and your odds of isolating and killing
it entirely are basically zero so in
that situation which is different from
other situations are the tests as useful
as they would be now of course you need
tests but does everybody need to get
tested if your strategy is for everybody
to get it I don't know I've got a
feeling that the more tests we had the
worse off we would be follow me on this
you need some tests so there's some
amount of tests that it could be a lot
and it could be more than we have so you
need some tests that's not in question
the question is imagine if you could
test everybody imagine it's just you
know yet 400 million tests immediately
and everybody could test one and throw
one away and test again you could all
test it was free and it was immediate
and everybody could know would you want
to do it not if the goal is to get it if
the goal is to avoid it which is not a
reasonable goal because it can't be done
then having a test for every single
person all the time would be great if
your goal is simply to track it and
manage it and flatten the curve and take
care of the important cases take care of
the vulnerable do you need to test for
everybody even if everybody wanted one
you're probably better off with some
amount of testing but not universal
testing because the government can't say
directly too many ways hey guys we want
to infect your children
that's how we'll protect these senior
citizens yeah yeah maybe some of them
will get a second ID but we don't have
any other way to do it everybody has to
get infected so this is Mike you know
semi conspiracy theory' thought which is
there definitely was a problem I think
that's clear so we needed more tests and
we had but I don't know if we want
everybody tested if your goal is to ever
for everybody to get it you don't want
everybody hiding and saying I'll be the
last one who doesn't get it I just put
that out there so yesterday I was asking
about ventilators and the access to them
we've learned a lot since then but one
thing I have not I have not learned and
maybe somebody can tell me in the
comments what's the difference between a
ventilator and a respirator because I
see both words being used as something
that is necessary equipment for people
who're who are in the worst situation
with it are they the same thing here's a
ventilator and a respirator the same so
I don't know that but I asked about
ventilators because I'd heard that word
and and I asked this question why had
there been no reporting on how many
ventilators we have available in this
country well as luck would have it
Joel Pollak over at Breitbart did some
investigative reporting on that very
question and you can see his article in
his Twitter feed or mine or at Breitbart
and here's what we learned about
ventilator companies so there are there
companies that make them in different
parts of the world but the United States
has manufacturers who make ventilators
and when Joel called you know one of the
the big ones in the United States and
said you have you know enough
ventilators here's what they said and
this is mind boggling and I don't I
don't even know how to interpret this
but the company that makes ventilators
in the United States during the middle
of a crisis in which ventilators or a
shortage said that they're getting lots
of calls
and no extra orders what what I don't
understand that how could how could the
company that makes them in the United
States and they said we're ready to ramp
up you know we expect to we're all ready
to go
there are no orders I mean beyond the
normal amount of orders what what's
happening I don't I don't understand
that now another thing I found out which
might actually explain the other thing
is that the United States is way better
in having this kind of equipment
so apparently part of the and the
heating and here's my problem that I
don't know if ventilator and respirator
are really the same thing so I guess I
need to know that respirators incubate
ventilators need intubation ah okay so
it looks like the ventilator maybe they
need to stick a something down your
throat and the respirator is just the
mask is that it so so apparently the
executive order or the emergency thing
allows a lot of ventilators that might
have been you know in holding for
military and other purposes to be
available so and then I guess from said
that we ordered some more but perhaps
not from this one company so it could be
that there's some other source and Joel
talked to somebody who didn't get the
big order but why not so it could be
that our experts have looked at the the
lay of the land and said you know the
ventilators in this country won't be our
big problem maybe we're going to find
out pretty soon so thank you for the
answer that the the respirator seems to
be the mask and the ventilator I think
they're putting a tube down into your
lungs a more aggressive approach I think
that's right but again you'll need to
check that with
so that's a big question but I also saw
that there was some data that 31 and 32
people somewhere my dependently died
after ventilation so the thinking was
that they're using the ventilators to
keep people alive a little bit longer
but they actually just died anyway so it
could be that we don't need that many
ventilators because they don't work
that's that's possible and I don't know
if the president ordered respirators or
ventilators I thought he ordered
respirators but I might be wrong about
that so there's some uncertainty here
but the question but the the point is
that we appear to have capacity so in
this country there's at least smart
people seem to think that we can get
enough ventilators and respirators
because we're starting early enough to
do that might be right could be right
but congratulations - Joel Pollak who I
believe is the only person who reported
on this I've not seen any other report
that actually talked to the
manufacturers and said can you do this
and apparently we can all right this
other question that is nothing but gray
area and bad reporting so help me out
with this why is this story not clear
yet we've had plenty of time and the
story says that apparently there was
some kind of pandemic team or pandemic
office in the administration that under
Trump's administration was closed and
then there's a thought was well if we
had that pandemic department still up
and running we would have gotten going
faster communication would have been
better and we'd be in better shape and I
think it was John Bolton who might have
been in charge now the president acted
like he didn't know anything about the
story which again makes him look like
he's not up to the job of managing this
crisis and I just could be honest about
it that it's one of the biggest stories
in the country that this department was
closed on to Trump's administration in
ways
when he was asked about it he acted like
he didn't know this story maybe I mean
if he didn't know the story that's the
problem and if he didn't know the story
and he lied about it that's the problem
so that that's not good but I don't know
the answer to the story either and I
haven't seen reporting here's what I'm
gonna guess so the way it's reported is
that there was this department that
would would have been useful in the
pandemic and it got closed presumably
for budget reasons now in the real world
let's say if you've had any experience
in the corporate world what do you say
about that what is the context that is
probably missing but we don't know
so without reporting we don't know but
don't you think there's a little context
missing about the department that got
closed don't ya all the people who have
big company experience know where I'm
going with this it probably wasn't
closed just guessing if it's like every
other corporate situation in which I
have been involved it probably wasn't
closed it was probably replaced or those
duties were taken on by another group or
it was merged and their name disappeared
and maybe some of the staff left because
they didn't want to work for the new
group or whatever but do you think it
was this it was as simple as they
decided they didn't need a pandemic team
maybe I mean that's possible I'm not
gonna rule it out but don't you think we
need some reporting that tells us why
John Bolton made that decision we can
find John Bolton right all all that the
news sources in the world we can find
John Bolton and we can say hey John were
you in charge of that group you know the
president isn't up to date on it but why
did you make that decision
why is that not in the news are you
telling me that there's no Democrat who
wants to track down John Bolton and
embarrass him by asking that question of
course there are why don't we know that
what's going on here why don't we know
that
that's really worrisome so you know with
Joe Biden being the likely nominee you
have to ask yourself what would it take
for President Trump to lose an election
to a man who is obviously brain dead
yeah that's an exaggeration a person a
candidate who obviously has severe
mental decline how can you possibly lose
an election to that well I think we
might find out because so far the way so
far the way Trump has managed the crisis
and I'm only talking about the
communication part I'm still happy with
the decisions actually I even you know
with mistakes I'm fairly forgiving in
emergencies about mistakes if we quickly
adjust incorrect so I think I think the
president's decisions as far as I can
tell seem to be really good and maybe
better than other countries especially
in closing the airports early
but his communication on this is is so
like astoundingly bad
he's just mismatched for this specific
task it could cost them in the election
easily it could easily cost him the
election I would recommend he take
himself off the field wouldn't you if if
I could recommend to the president how
to handle this situation I would tell
him to just stop talking in public about
any details of this situation he should
stand up there so we know he's engaged
you should say Mike Pence's dude with a
great job he should say we'll get this
done he should tell us what we should do
but he shouldn't answer any questions
about tests or China or pandemics or you
shouldn't tell us he's a super genius
because he's genetically similar to
somebody who learned it in school you
gotta just maybe stop talking in public
about this so I would like to see him
get tested and say I didn't think I
needed to get tested and my doctor said
I didn't need to get tested but the
public is asking for it and for the
benefit of the public
peace of mind I'm gonna get tested and
then just sort of remove himself from
the communication channel but you know
stay as the leader we still need to see
him every day still need to say no he's
engaged but he communicates so poorly on
this I think he needs to take himself
off the field yeah and you can imagine
how difficult this is for me to say
right I've spent three years of my life
say he is the best communicator you've
ever seen in your life and I stand by
that for all the political stuff but
this this very unique situation he
probably needs to take himself off the
field for just the communication part
all right that's all I got today the
dunning-kruger effect this is hi here
today yeah it really is
I certainly don't exempt myself from
that criticism due to just looking at
your comments I want to see how this
went over you are depressing to listen
to anymore
maybe you should be present yeah you
know it's it's a tough balance isn't it
yeah you can't really you can't really
be happy during you know during the
middle of crisis but we're also human
and sometimes things do strike this is
funny and sometimes we just have to
laugh and sometimes a little gallows
humor is what you need now I want to
reiterate and I'm probably going to say
this maybe every day I might say this
every day
during during the crisis my personal
crisis management system and by the way
I recommend that you have a system not a
goal if your goal is to not get it
you're thinking about it wrong you
should have systems in place that and
the systems could be what do you do you
know if there's a shortages of food so
you know build a little system put in
some stockpiles etc there should be some
systems in your house for example I have
implemented the wash your hands
when you enter system that's pretty
obvious one right when you enter a house
it doesn't matter if it's my house you
know and or some other house whenever
you enter a space you wash your hands as
the first thing you do when you enter
the new space that's a system the other
system I have is for building of my
immunity because my assumption is I have
a high higher likelihood of coming in
contact with it and I'm gonna be ready
so I'm building up my immunity and doing
a heck of a job I must say pardon me
while I pat myself on the back good job
Scott I would recommend that you build
the system for your own immunity so
here's what I do
I'm never gonna skip a day of light
exercise yeah even if I have to do it at
9 o'clock at night I will never skip a
day of light exercise emphasis light
exercise during this next year I'm not
going to try to build muscle I'm not
going to try to run a marathon because
when you do those things there's at
least some part of your day where your
immunity is low because you're sort of
exhausting yourself do you don't to get
to the next level don't exhaust yourself
a key thing you need to do is get plenty
of sleep and don't exhaust yourself so
that's part of my system every day light
exercise little light weights sometimes
every other day and eating right and I'm
even staying away from foods that have
you know inflammation properties
somebody says you're obsessed with this
it's nuts well that's a block when
people say that somebody is obsessed or
they're panicking we don't need that
because you don't know my state of mind
and I don't need you characterizing it
as a obsessed or panicked or depressing
or anything else all you know is what I
say so I would recommend to you because
my state of mind I have to tell you is
quite excellent because I've done such a
good job taking care of
my body that my mood and my my sense of
well-being is may be higher than it's
ever been which is weird so I feel just
just in a normal way just sitting in a
chair and any given moment I feel great
and it's because I've done everything
right you know sleep exercise eating
right avoiding stress just doing it all
right that's my system so I plan to get
the coronavirus and and I'm not joking
when I say I'd like to get it over with
I'd kind of like to get it over with so
you know I'll give you some herd
immunity if I survive I'm in the
high-risk category because of over 60
and I've gotten some asthma but I plan
to beat it and I plan to be part of I
think of all raava can't was tweeting
that we may see and what did he call it
the immune core so he joined the
according to temporary name for it the
immune core the people who got the got
the corona virus recovered have some
immunity they will be like gold in the
future it's six months from now which
would you rather be somebody who got it
and recovered and six months from now or
somebody who didn't get it yet you know
you know what I'm talking about right
you'd rather be the one who got it and
got over it six months from now because
if you're still hiding in six months and
worried about it it's just not going to
be fun so the president's strategy the
CDC strategy doctor
ouchies strategy I'm fully embracing get
really healthy and by the way ouchy says
this too this isn't me talking this is
the best experts in the country telling
you to take care of yourself it's never
been a national priority and the other
time that you took any other time that
you selfishly took care of yourself it
was a little bit selfish wasn't it
wasn't it you know looking out for your
own health getting enough
it's a little bit selfish but not today
today it's not selfish you are all part
of this giant experiment well it's not a
test this is this is the real thing you
are all part of this fight against this
virus and you need to be as strong as
possible so build up your immunity so
that you you're not one of the ones
overloading the hospitals build up your
immunity do it somebody says you can
have opinions but not us well let me
clarify you can have all kinds of
opinions and I welcome them and I and I
like the opinions have reasons the
opinions that will be unwelcome our
mind-reading if you have an opinion
about what I'm thinking you're welcome
to it certainly if you have an opinion a
private opinion about what I'm thinking
internally that you couldn't possibly
know you're welcome to that opinion but
if you say it in public I'm gonna block
you cuz it's stupid you're totally
allowed to have stupid opinions
privately I just don't want to be
exposed to them if it's a stupid
depending about what's in my head you
could have stupid opinions about other
things as long as you show your reasons
I'm ok with that
all right do we know you can't get it
once you've had it I mentioned that
earlier but it's worth mentioning again
because other people have come on here
the experts are talking about building
up a herd immunity the only way that you
could have heard immunity is if in
general you can't get it more than once
now is it true that somebody could get
it more than once up maybe could be but
in general that's not a thing otherwise
we would not be trying to build up a
herd immunity it wouldn't make sense
somebody says why not get the flu now
before hospitals get overwhelmed
well you're reading my mind there I
think you're reading my mind you don't
want to be the last person to guess it
well the last person will be fine you
don't want to be the one in the middle
because they're young there's gonna be a
wave so you want to be one of the first
or one of the last and one of the last
would be pretty good because you know
then they figured it out and they're
past the bump thank you
but for the benefit and let me be really
clear about this if I were being selfish
I would actively infect myself that's
the most selfish thing I could do get it
over with
you know maybe I died maybe I don't but
I'm gonna get infected anyway I figure
and I would rather do it now before the
hospitals are overwhelmed so if I were
going to do it for selfish reasons I
would actually be looking for it I'd be
go hanging around those nursing homes
not really but you know what I mean
but if I am being a team player what is
best for the team is that all of us
fight like mad weasels to avoid it
because that's really just slowing it
down and slowing it down is what we're
really trying to do so for the benefit
of the country I'm gonna try to avoid it
but that's not what's good for me so if
it makes you feel better don't be the
one who's afraid of getting it fight for
the country the world really fight for
the country just to not get it right
away
fight hard to not get it right away but
what's good for you missed again it
honestly it's the best thing that could
happen to you just to get it and get
over it so don't worry about getting it
that's sort of the good news in this bad
news world we're living in at the moment
the last thing I'm worried about is
actually getting it but I'm gonna fight
not to all right
somebody says should I postpone dental
cleaning well I've got a few very minor
you know surgical things coming out
really writer and I think they'll be
postponed but I don't know yet I'm gonna
check on that today have you stopped
smoking well I don't smoke tobacco never
have but I do smoke marijuana
for medicinal purposes I am NOT yeah
heard the impact of marijuana smokers
and the coronavirus we may never know
that because I doubt anybody will study
that for a while maybe someday but
here's what we know
and dr. Julie if you're watching this
you might want to turn this off you
probably want to turn this off you'll
never talk to me again marijuana has
different effects on different people so
there's nothing that anybody tells you
about their experience with marijuana
that you should generalize to yourself
it could be good for one person bad for
another I don't recommend marijuana
under any situations except a doctor so
if a doctor tells you it's a good idea
to take it you should my doctor did you
know I have a doctor for this and it's a
real doctor yeah it's not and I do it
I don't do it to party I don't do it for
fun and I do it I do it because it has
benefits and here's one of the things I
don't know how it responds ibill this is
to say I have to have to pause for a
moment and check myself because there
are things you would say when it's not a
corona virus or Bergeon see that you
know it's a different situation yeah you
have to modify your communication a
little bit I'll just say this I'll just
say this because it's true alright so
this is not an opinion just some facts
and do what you will with it
marijuana is a vaso vasodilator it
reduces inflammation has a lot of you
know health benefits that's why people
do it in part the studies have shown
that people and I think only in one
study I know of studied people who
smoked marijuana every day versus people
who didn't smoke it at all and the
paradoxical finding is that the people
who smoked marijuana regularly
had healthier lungs than people who
didn't smoke at all and of course people
who smoked tobacco were the worst of all
now could you rely on that I don't think
so I don't think you could rely on that
but it you know but it is a fact all
right it does make sense if I were a
doctor
and let me let me let me be more
responsible here if I had to give you
advice and I won't because I'm not a
doctor it doesn't make sense that you
put any smoke into your body during a
coronavirus situation so probably you
know if I were a doctor I'd say don't go
anywhere near any smoke don't go
anywhere near any pollution keep your
lungs as clean as possible because
you're gonna need it
so that's what I tell you but
nonetheless it is true that in at least
one study marijuana smokers had better
lung function than non-smokers take that
with a gigantic grain of salt the odds
of that being reproducible 50 percent at
best so it's sort of a coin flip there
all right so if you're playing a safe
don't smoke marijuana though there's
your medical advice if you're playing it
safe don't smoke marijuana all right how
is that possible you were cherry picking
yeah no I am cherry picking I'm cherry
picking one study but there are any
other studies so is that cherry picking
if there's only one study because there
there are other worries about health
consequences of marijuana they just
weren't as relevant to the coronavirus
conversation somebody says that counters
all logic yeah you know the if the
counters all logic that a marijuana
smoker would have a better lung function
one of the hypotheses that was given is
that the the actives
because with with marijuana you you
inhale it and you hold it that you're
actually doing lung exercises by
inhaling deeply and holding it on a
regular basis you know if you've ever
heard of the William HOF method of
breathing it's not like that
but the but there there's certainly good
evidence that doing breathing exercises
in which you take deep breaths and hold
them and then release them slowly might
have medical benefits to your lungs and
elsewise now here's the trick the CBD
and the unique quality of marijuana has
some weird combination of things that
are probably bad for you and things that
are weirdly good for you and science I
think is still a little bit confused
about that mix because if you're saying
hey isn't smoking your lungs bad for you
I would say why would think so I mean
logically but yet marijuana smokers
don't get cancer at at a rate that's
higher than anybody else why not they're
filling their lungs with smoke but they
don't seem to get cancer so explain that
it probably has something to do with
this CBD all right Andrew Gilliam yeah
I'm not talking about that story too
much because that's more of a personal
personal situation so Andrew Gilliam
I think his political career is over
that feels that feels safe to say but
he's got a personal problem that's not
that's not our problem stop this
craziness which craziness and in
particular Scott did experts say get
tested if you come in contact with
somebody with virus and showing symptoms
well my understanding is that your
doctor gets to decide if you get a test
and so you go to your doctor and you say
hey I I was hugging somebody who had the
virus but they didn't show any symptoms
I think your doctor would probably say
good a test you know I think if you came
in close contact let's say you have a
you know and there are lots of variables
let's say you have elderly parents
living at home and you go into your
doctor and you say you know it's sort of
a it's a gray area here I I was in the
room with somebody who later was
confirmed to have it I didn't shake
hands but I was standing you know within
six feet doctor should I get a test
doctor says do you have any elderly
people at home you say yeah my
grandparents are over 85 and 86 I think
the doctor would say well you know
normally I'd say no but you've got a
special case a little extra risk because
of the seniors so let's test you so if
you're asking me should you test in this
concrete situation versus this concrete
situation I would say there's no such
thing as a concrete situation because
we're all in different circumstance and
your doctor can help you sort that out I
would think you know I've seen more bad
thinking about this crisis than just
about any other topic in the world it's
kind of crazy yeah I guess we're
starting to see it in Africa there was
some thought the heat was killing it
maybe that's why Africa was going to do
okay
I had a nagging suspicion that Africa
was fully infected or was in the process
of getting fully infected and maybe they
just weren't testing for it so they
didn't know so my guess is that it's
going to be plenty bad in Africa I hope
not
but that's my guess all right all I got
for today I will talk to you tomorrow