Well, my advice to you is if you own
stocks, don't look at them
today. It's not a good day for
stocks. But we're going to do a show
that will take your mind off of all of
that. It's going to be so good you won't
even believe it.
[Music]
[Music]
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization
that's called Coffee with Scott Adams
and you've never had a better time. But
if you'd like to take this experience up
to levels that nobody can even
understand with your tiny shiny human
brains, all you need for that is a cuper
mug or a glass of tanker shells in a
canteen jugger flask vessel of any kind.
Fill it with your favorite liquid. I
like coffee. And join me now for the
unparallel pleasure. The dopamine end of
the day, the thing that makes everything
better. It's called the simultaneous
sip. And it happens right now. Go.
That's some good stuff. That's some good
stuff. Well, I'd like to start off by
reading a very special uh it was an
Easter message by Donald Trump, our
president. And because it's so sweet and
empathetic and caring, I thought I would
just read it for you. Uh, a dramatic
reading from uh, Truth Social from
President Trump. Happy Easter to all,
including the radical left lunatics who
are fighting and scheming so hard to
bring murderers, drug lords, dangerous
prisoners, the mentally insane, and
well-known MS-13 gang members and wife
beaters back into our country. Happy
Easter also to the weak and ineffective
judges and law enforcement officials who
are allowing this sinister attack on our
enforcement on our nation to continue.
An attack so violent that it will never
be forgotten.
Sleepy Joe Biden purposely allowed
millions of criminals to enter our
country totally unvetted and unchecked
through an open borders policy that will
go down in history as a single most
calamitous act ever perpetrated upon
America. He was by far our worst and
most incompetent president. A man who
had absolutely no idea what he was
doing. But to him and to the person that
ran and manipulated the
autopen, perhaps our real president, and
to all the people who cheated in the
2020 presidential election in order to
get this highly destructive
elected. I wish you with great love,
sincerity, and affection a very happy
Easter.
Oh, nobody's ever done it better. Well,
you know, if you saw anything in the
news today, that the pope um did die
last night, I guess, at the age of
88. And uh he did it uh immediately
after celebrating Easter Sunday.
Now, of course, I am tempted to make all
kinds of inappropriate jokes, but I
think maybe today I won't. Maybe I'll
just uh pay proper proper respect to the
pope and to all those people who follow
the pope and uh I guess we'll get a new
pope sometime soon. But Pope Francis has
passed away at 88. Um, I think it was
within a day of JD Vance visiting and
seeing him, which must
be must be really weird for Vance to
know that he saw them right before he
died. Um, so anyway, and uh the fact
that happened on
Easter
is real weird, but it
did. Anyway, let's uh let's let the news
handle that. That's going to be all over
the news forever and uh you'll get
plenty of Pope Francis news. So, I won't
dwell on that. Um let's look at science.
Has science got anything to tell us?
Well, according to Sai Post mean Cara
Yakubian is writing that life
satisfaction and personality share
strong genetic
roots. Did you know that uh people who
are who were raised in exactly the same
family situation can turn out completely
different? Well, you could have asked me
yes. people raised the same can come out
differently because genes are the
driving force. Um, but according to new
research, uh, they're they're showing
that both personality traits and life
satisfaction are more heritable than
previously
thought. How many of you didn't
know that mostly what what a person is
is what they're born with?
You've all noticed that people from the
same family turned out completely
differently, right? Like if you hadn't
noticed that, you would be very confused
about how anything works. Yeah. The
whatever you're born with, which
presumably comes from your parents, is
kind of telling you how you're going to
turn out. And it it happens kind of
quickly. So, they could have asked me
about that
one. All right, here's one. Total
surprise. You would never guess.
According to the University of Sydney, a
highfat, high sugar da d d d d d d d d d
d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d
d d d d d d d d d d d uh impacts your
cognitive function. Now, is it my
imagination or is there a new study
every single day that says obesity and
high sugar diets and weighing too much
is bad for your
brain? At some point, they just have to
stop doing the science, don't they? And
just check with me. It's like, Scott,
um, we've we've done a thousand studies
in a row that all show exactly the same
thing that high sugar diet and obesity
is bad for your brain. Uh, we're
thinking of doing another study. Don't.
Don't. I would say I would jump right in
and say, I'm going to save you some
money and some time. No, you're going to
get the same result as every other
time. No, I don't believe anybody's ever
had a different outcome. pretty much.
Yeah, same thing. So, just ask me next
time. Well, Trump is threatening Harvard
and his ongoing battle with Harvard,
wanting them to change their ways and be
less DEI and less anti-semitic according
to him. But Harvard is uh is hanging
tough and uh they'll get looks like
they're going to lose another billion
dollars in uh federal funding or at
least it'd be delayed until something
changes and uh that billion dollars
would be funding for health
research. So that's pretty serious. Now
what percentage of every dollar from
federal funding do you think actually
goes to the
researchers? It's not much. Uh I don't
know. I forget the actual number, but
it's in the range of 10% I
think. Can you give me a fact check on
that? Uh I think 90% goes to overhead to
the college because the you know the
college is the entity that has the
control and can get the grants. But the
actual researchers, you know, the
scientists, I think they get like 10% of
every federal
dollar. So, it makes me wonder if
anything's actually going to change. Do
you think Do you think that Harvard
won't be able to afford to do the
research or is it just going
to make them not afford paying, you
know, paying the light the lighting
bill? I don't know. We'll see where that
goes.
Meanwhile, the Rasmusen polling people
um say that 66% of uh American voters
agree
uh on deporting illegals that have
broken the law, you know, besides just
the immigration law. So,
uh so that's so twothirds of the public
agrees with Trump getting tough with the
with the criminals that are in the
country and deporting them. Can't do
much better than that. 2/3. Pretty rare
to get twothirds of
anything.
Um, here's a uh here's a little reminder
from Cypost. Eric Nolan is writing this
that uh apparently they did a study and
they found out that county sheriffs in
California who have to be
elected that when their election year is
happening and they don't want people to
be mad at the sheriff, there are fewer
uh traffic stops.
So, so apparently if you're running for
reelection as a sheriff, the last thing
you want to do is get real tough on
traffic. So, remember I always tell you
that uh money predicts
everything. There you go.
If all you have to do is, you know,
reduce the amount of tickets you're
giving out and it might help you get
reelected, yeah, the the money will uh
absolutely predict what's going to
happen in every domain.
Well, you remember the Signalgate
uh drama where Pete Exathth um was
sending out a message that uh showed the
attack plan or at least the attack
schedule for uh the
Hoodies. And the other people on the uh
on the signal chat thing were mostly
people who should see the message. Um
but one of them was accidentally that um
journalist
Goldberg. Well, it turns out that
there's Signal Gate 2 now. So Pete
Hagstath allegedly
uh also sent details of the March
attack, the the same attack that was on
the other Signal Gate issue. He also
sent it separately
uh to his wife, his brother, and his
personal lawyer.
Now, now people like me, we we would
really like to say, you know, every time
you say there's chaos in the Trump
administration, I think you're
[Laughter]
exaggerating. But how in the world how
in the world do you send your attack
plans to your lawyer, your brother, and
your
wife? I don't even have anything to say
about it. You know, apparently uh Trump
is fully backing Eggs Seth, so nothing's
gonna happen to him. But the the fact
that this this happened
twice and the second time is even worse
than the first cuz it's the wife, the
brother, and the personal
lawyer. I don't even know what to say
about it except it's so bad it's
funny. No, I don't think it has any
impact on the real world. you know, the
the Democrats might make something out
of it and say, "Oh, those hoodies could
have quickly adapted,
but probably
didn't." So, uh, I think it's just funny
that it happened. There's not much else
to say about it.
Well, according to the Maze account on
uh X, which is a good one to follow,
Maze Maze,
um we're being reminded that that during
the first signal
gate, the Wall Street Journal uh
published a story that said that, and it
was wrong, it was incorrect. Uh so the
Wall Street Journal said that Steve
Wickoff was in Russia at the time, and
he had his private phone. Now, if he had
been in Russia with his private phone,
we would assume the Russians would pick
up the signal and they would have seen
the Hoodi attack plan. So, that was all
the bit all the news. Wickoff was in
Russia. You know, Russia must have known
the the plan. Turns out that wasn't
true. So, he was in Russia, but he
didn't have his phone with him because
that would be dumb.
So, but as Maize points out, there were
never any on air retractions or
apologies. The the fake news just kept
on going. You know, they they just acted
like there had never been any fake news
about it. It just continued. Now, if I
hadn't been reminded of this, I wouldn't
have remembered that at all. But yeah,
there's your there's your respectable
news sources.
Did you know that the US uh cattle
inventory is at a 73-year low according
to Zero Hedge? So, apparently um there
were a bunch of things that caused
people to make fewer
cows, meaning for beef. So, some of it
is uh environmental regulations from the
Biden administration. Some of it is
drought conditions. Um, some of it is,
you know, just squeeze margins and uh
eroded incentives in various ways. But
the the bottom line is we have fewer
beef cows than we've had uh since
1951.
Um,
so that's not good.
So, if you have a cow, um, you should
impregnate it immediately. You might
need an extra cow.
So, doesn't it seem like our food supply
is just under
attack? It It's almost like it's a
coordinated campaign to starve the
country. It's like, well, you don't have
enough eggs. Well, you don't have enough
chickens. Well, looks like you don't
have enough beef. Well, it looks like
there's not enough water to grow the
vegetables.
Doesn't it feel like it's just one thing
after another? How in the world is all
this
coincidental? I don't know. So, we
better put some energy on that.
Um, I don't even eat beef, but this
looks like a pretty big problem to me.
So, if you don't want to eat bugs,
because you know that's the fallback.
you don't want to eat bugs, you might
want to fix this cow
situation. Well, I was uh taking a look
at the there's a story about the budget
problem. So, the Republicans have this
very big problem trying to come up with
a budget. Number one,
um you know, the budget is way beyond
our ability to pay. So, you either have
to cut expenses, which apparently the
Republicans are unwilling to do, at
least collectively. There might be some
that are willing to do it, but
collectively they're unwilling to cut
expenses for the, you know, the vital
services that that uh vulnerable people
require, you know, the Medicaid, the
social security, etc., where the big
money is. And of course, the uh military
budget just goes up no matter what. So,
they can't they can't balance the budget
by cutting
expenses, but they also can't balance it
by raising taxes because they're
Republicans. So, even if some of them
were maybe into it for the rich, it
wouldn't be enough and it wouldn't be
very popular for a Republican. It'd be
hard to get elected if you raise taxes.
So, we have a situation where we're
something like
27% higher expenses than we have
income, which will kill us
all. And so, I spent a little time with
Doge, I'm sorry, with Grock trying to
figure out just how deep a hole are we
in? Is there any plan for
survival? Survival. I'm not even talking
about
optimizing. We currently have a plan for
death because we can't really run this
kind of a deficit year after year. And
even the Republicans look like they're
going to do it. So, they're either not
going to kick pass any kind of budget
and they'll just kick the can down the
road, which is what I'm expecting, but
nothing is happening that would save us.
So Doge apparently I'm going to call it
a failure because they looks like they
got to 150 billion which is good. So you
know the 150 billion I'm glad that uh
they saved that but it really needed to
be about 10 times that and 10 times that
would be the bare minimum that maybe you
could survive. Probably it needed to be
20 times that. So,
Doge worked in in the sense that it
reduced some expenses, but it did not
work in terms of balancing the budget.
Didn't even come close. And doesn't look
like anything's going to happen to
change that, which might be why Elon
Musk has been a little bit quiet lately
because Doge just sort of didn't work.
And I'm not too surprised because once
the uh you know once the cabinet people
were in position they probably just all
fought the any kind of cuts and they
just vetoed them which they had the
power to do. So I don't see any
way that we're going to get to
it. So but suppose you just said all
right we're in an emergency situation.
Uh, oh, and also, uh, the, you know,
you'll hear people like Peter Navaro
say, "Well, but we have all this tariff
revenue. Could be $600 billion." We're
not going to get $600 billion of tariff
revenue. Nobody thinks
that. So, you know, maybe it helps a
little bit.
Um, but if we were, according to Grock,
we would have to cut something like a
quarter of all the expenses on
everything in order to get to a balanced
budget. Now, even if you did it
gradually so that you worked up to it,
it would be way more of a cut than
anybody could survive. But here's here's
the the economist in me. If you said to
a senior citizen, "Hey, we're gonna have
to cut your social security by a
quarter." Uh, now you're probably going
to say, "But just do the rich people."
If he did all the rich people and just
took away their social security,
wouldn't make a
dent. Cuz I asked Rock that barely makes
a dent. You You would have to take away
just a tremendous amount of social
security from people who really needed
it. that that's the only way you could
get there. Now, if I told you, hey,
senior citizen,
um, the only way we can survive is if
you cut a quarter of your expenses,
could they live? Could they find a way
to survive? I don't know. But here's
what they don't know. The alternative is
you don't get
anything. So, we still think that the
alternative is uh either cut it or don't
cut it. That's not the alternative. The
alternative is you either cut it or
there won't be anything for anybody. The
the entire system will collapse. So, you
can either figure out how to how to get
by with 25%
less or you could figure out how to get
by with
nothing. And I don't think anybody's
really made that
case because you would have to make that
case. The entire thing is going to fall
apart. Now, if you were collecting
social security, you would immediately
say, "Oh, wait a minute. Why don't you
just take more out of the military
budget?" Well, that'd be great. Except
the people who control the military
budget control the country, and so
they're not going to cut their own
income. So, we don't really have any way
to cut military
budgets. Um, unless we made some kind of
deal with Russia and China and we all
cut our budgets or something, but
doesn't look like that's going to
happen.
So, here's my thing. We need something
that we've never talked about. I don't
know what it would be, but it's going to
be something like uh you can only get
social security under certain
conditions. It's going to be something
like Medicaid. Um you're going to have
to use AI before you use the actual
Medicaid system. Something like that.
So, we're going to have to retool and
re-engineer pretty much the entire way
we live to have any chance whatsoever of
survival. And nobody in the news is
talking honestly about this. They're
they're just acting like it's business
as usual. It's like, well, it's a
budget, you know, it's not
optimal. That's not where we're at.
We're at complete destruction and kind
of
guaranteed. So if you want your money to
be worth
nothing, then you should insist on no
cuts. If you want to keep 75% of your
money, you want a 25% cut.
So
unfortunately,
um, it would be interesting to see if
the United States just cut that much out
of its military and said, "Here's the
deal. If you mess with us, we still have
nukes because we didn't cut the nukes.
So don't mess with us cuz it'd be better
if uh it'd be better if we don't have
the ability to fight every kind of war
in every kind of theater, which is sort
of what we're preparing for. Wouldn't it
be better if we could just fight the
wars that we would have to fight?
Maybe. So, we'll we'll
see. Um, Interior Secretary Bergam,
according to Newsmax,
uh, says that Trump is fighting a war on
mining, meaning that the Biden
administration made it very tough to do
mining. And of course, some states would
be, you know, having their own
limitations. But apparently Trump has
announced uh um a resolution on copper
mining. So something that would allow
rapid approval to do copper mining. We
need that for
high-tech. And apparently uh Trump has
approved 10
different or there there are 10
different
mines that are now being uh added to the
list of you know things that look like
they'll get approved. So Trump's add 10
more mining projects to the list of the
fast approval list. So these are all
things that would help us compete
against China. Now
question, could we uh earn our way out
of our debt problem? Could
we do so good at mining and energy
production and sales
and you know basically you know just
boosting the things that are the most
valuable
mining energy
um
robots I don't know
maybe but uh here's the kind of world
we're living in uh Breitbart as an
article on There's a New Mexico judge
who just resigned
uh because ICE arrested a Venezuelan
gang member who lived in his house.
So he was a Democrat appointed judge who
had a roommate who was literally Trena
Aat
Ragua. And the guy had ammo, gang
tattoos,
uh video of him firing an AR-15 with a
suppressor,
uh graphic images of mutilated bodies on
his phone, and the judge, who was a
former
cop. So, the judge was a former cop and
he didn't notice anything about his
roommate. He didn't notice that his
roommate was obviously a gang
member. Anyway, that's the world we're
living
in. Here's a uh question I saw answered
by the Wall Street Journal that I've
been wondering about for a while. Um,
apparently Nike has been trying to uh
move its production out of China for a
long time. So, not just recently, but
about for about 10 years, they've been
trying to move their production out of
China to move it to Vietnam or Mexico or
wherever they can move it. and they
spent a ton of money trying to automate
uh making of
sneakers, but they found out it never
works. So, they could automate a little
bit, but mostly you just need a army of
people. And I never understood why.
Like, why is it that you can't automate
sneakers? Doesn't it seem like that
would be somewhat easy compared to
automating, I don't know, a motherboard
of a
phone? Um, but here here's a reason that
makes sense. The materials that you use
to make sneakers
uh will change their qualities based on
temperature and probably
um probably atmospheric, you know,
moisture, too. So every time you're
putting a sneaker together, it's a
little bit different than it was the day
before. You can't really automate that.
You can automate things that are exactly
the same every time, but a sneaker is
just a little bit different every time.
And then on top of that, Nike's business
model, which they don't want to change,
is that they're introducing all kinds of
new models all the time.
you would never be able to keep up. Even
if you could come up with some way to
automate the making of sneakers, you
wouldn't be able to update your your
factory to do automated with all the new
models. But a human being can look at
the new sneaker and say, "Oh, same as
the old sneaker, but looks like the
bottom is different. So, I'll just glue
this together." So there are some things
that we might want to be
onshored that just never will be because
there isn't any way to automate it. Now
I do wonder if AI could solve that
because the automation we're talking
about so far is the dumb kind where it
just can do the same thing every time.
But if you added AI, would it be able to
detect the slight changes in the
temperature and the and the squishiness
of the materials? Would it be able to
instantly adjust to make the new model
because it would say, "hm, it's just
like the old one except different
footprint, so to speak." I don't know. I
don't think so. At least not not anytime
soon.
So here here's a good example of how our
trade war is going with
China. So
uh so
Huawei wait hold on um so the US was
blocking Nvidia from selling its
high-end H20 chip to China to Huawei in
particular. And so you think to
yourself, "Oh, good job, America. We
don't want China to have the good stuff,
so we'll block them from having the best
chips and then we'll get way ahead on
AI." So what happened? Um, Nvidia is
selling them lesser chips, the 910C.
But it turns out that with a little
clever engineering, if you have two of
them,
um, and you just work them together,
they reach the same performance as their
high-end
chip. So, so now Nvidia can just sell
all these low-end chips, which would be
totally legal, and China can just stick
them together and use some clever
engineering, and they end up operating
like high-end chips. So we got basically
nothing out of
that. Anyway, so sanctioning the uh
other companies has a limited a limited
ability. Reuters has that
story. Um here's some AI stories that I
don't believe.
you know, there's going to be certain
amount of AI, you know, headline news
that's true, and there's going to be a
certain amount that just is BS. Here's
some stuff that my BS detector says, I
don't think so. I don't know. I I know
you're reporting it as true, but I don't
know.
Um, so here's one. So, you know, the
deepseek um AI that comes from China,
which is allegedly as good as other AIs,
but less expensive. So, according to
Geeky Gadgets, Julian Horsey's writing
about this, um there's something
fantastic happening with Deep Seek and
that it's capable of
self-improvement. So, in other words, it
can somehow on its own get smarter.
Do you believe
that? Do do you believe that without any
external
interaction that the AI is already at a
point where it can just get smarter on
its own? I'm going to say no. I I don't
believe that. There there might be some,
you know, narrow area in which it can
improve itself without external input,
but I don't believe it. So it it says it
can improve itself through quote
iterative feedback
loops which is just talking to itself
right it's not talking about checking it
with other AI or checking it with people
and then that that would make sense you
know if it did things and then some
external source checked its work and
then it said oh okay now now you've
checked me so I'll get this right next
time but How in the world is just
running on its
own gonna allow it to go
smarter? I, you know, I get that maybe
it says stuff like, you know, once you
get an answer, you should double check
it and use these tools to doublech
checkck it. All right. But there's not
much I I don't think there's much room
to grow there. So, I'm going to say I
don't believe this. I don't believe that
DeepS is just making itself better by
sitting there running on its own because
they've got a clever algorithm that they
built into it. Don't believe
it. Here's another one I don't believe.
According to Talk Android,
um AI apparently has stunned researchers
by rewriting its own code to overcome a
limitation. So one of the limitations
was the AI was running on trying to
solve some problem and it decided it
needed more time. So allegedly according
to this story that I don't believe
whatsoever, it rewrote
um it it rewrote its own code to give it
more
time. So it actively modified its own
underlying code to extend its
operational capabilities. Do you believe
that? Do you believe that the AI had
access to its own source code and then
rewrote it on the
fly? No, I don't believe
that. I don't believe that even a little
bit. Why in the world would they give it
access to its own source code? Why would
that even be possible? Who would be dumb
enough to allow it to rewrite itself on
demand?
I don't see
it. Now, I could understand if it
recommended a change. I I could see if
it said, "Here's some code that if you
add to me, I'll be able to solve this
problem." Now, that I can see, but I
don't see it just autonomously rewriting
its own code and then recompiling and
and then going forward. Do does anybody
think it can really do that?
the these just sound like
BS claims to me. Now, obviously, I'm no
expert on AI, and so I could be, you
know, deeply misunderstanding things,
but I'm pretty good at
BS. So, no expertise at AI, but pretty
good at telling what BS looks like. And
this just looks like BS to me. I think
that they may be sort of true in some
technical way, but if you looked into it
for 5 minutes, you would find out it's
not exactly what they said. So, I'm not
buying it at
all. Um, here's something that's good.
So, the European Union, according to
Reuters, uh, might tweak their methane
rules so that they can buy more US gas.
So apparently um the US has some kind of
methane that's different than what they
use locally and uh they can't buy our
gas because they say we have the wrong
kind of methane. But the methane that or
the US gas has doesn't seem to be worse
or more dangerous than whatever they're
doing. So the EU because they want to,
you know, be able to buy US gas and
close the trade gap so that they could
get a better trade deal with Trump,
um they might change their own rules so
they can buy US gas without that
limitation. And that seems pretty good.
So that would be a big win if we could
sell things. You know, I do wonder does
the US produce enough energy or could it
that energy alone would be the
difference between, you know, meeting
our budget needs and not, you know,
could could
we could we boost our GDP by, I don't
know, 10% a year instead of 3% a year or
what or whatever is normal just with
energy? Because it looks like there's
going to be infinite need for energy all
over the world.
And Trump's doing a good job of saying
you better buy our energy because, you
know, it's part of the larger trade
deal. I just wonder what the upside of
that is. Is this the only way we could
save ourselves by becoming essentially
the Saudi Arabia
of of the world? I guess we already make
we we already have more oil than Saudi
Arabia in terms of what we're producing.
Maybe I'd love I'd love to see some
numbers of what the the potential upside
could be of just being the world's
energy producer times 10, which we
could. I mean, it's
possible. Um, according to the Amuse
account on X,
um, we're paying China to conduct live
war games in Egypt.
not directly but indirectly. So
apparently we spend $2 billion a year to
support Egypt's
military. Now you might say to yourself,
well that's not so bad because you know
we like Egypt to be on our side and you
know it's one way to get some influence
over there. 2 billion doesn't sound like
you know the worst thing in the world
given all our other expenses. But here's
the part you don't know that Egypt is
currently doing war games with
China. So they're doing these extended
war games in which they're coordinating
with the Chinese military. That's right.
The Chinese military is doing war games
with
Egypt that has the military equipment
that we gave them. So, do you think
they're learning anything about milit
about about US military equipment? Yes,
they
are. How in the world is this even
possible that we're paying Egypt $2
billion a year for their military and
then they're doing military drills with
China? It doesn't even seem possible,
does it? I I hope there's something to
this story that I don't know.
Well, the Wall Street Journal is warning
that the trade negotiations with China
are, you know, not going well and that
it could lead to a larger cold war,
meaning that China would take its uh,
let's say, reactions to our trade
demands outside of the trade domain and
maybe they'd do some more
cyber attacks.
maybe they would get a little more
militarily
adventurous around
Taiwan. So, a cold war would sort of
bring into
the bring into the uh larger equation
some extra risks that you don't normally
see unless you're in a cold war. But I
wonder how different that would be than
what we've experienced for the last 20
years.
Don't you think China is already doing
what it can to degrade the United States
in every way they can get away with? So,
I don't know if it would be different,
but maybe we talk about it
differently. But yes, we're heading
toward a larger cold war. I don't see us
getting into a hot war or a nuclear
confrontation, but a cold
war. Yeah, probably.
Probably. So, China is warning other
countries that don't make any trade
deals with the US that are bad for
China. So, Newsmax Money is reporting
this.
Um, and I don't know what that would
look like, but that's a pretty big
that's a pretty big uh threat. Don't
make a deal with the United States. That
would be bad for
China. How do they define that? If uh
let's say if Vietnam wanted to do more
manufacturing with the US, would that be
bad for China and therefore would they
um would they try to punish
Vietnam? I don't know. It's a pretty big
threat. We'll see where that
goes. According to the Gateway Pundit,
um, and there are some sources that
spoke to Reuters and say that, uh,
Israel is looking at and, uh, is likely
to do their own military attack without
the United States on Iranian nuclear
facilities. So, it wouldn't be as
massive as an attack as it would be if
the US was allin. Uh, but since the US
is not
allin, it looks like Israel might do it
anyway. Now, it does make me wonder how
Iran would treat
that. Would Iran treat that as the
United States was involved? because
Israel would be using our weapons and
you know probably we'd be giving them
some intelligence from satellites and
probably we'd have some secret
interaction with them that maybe wasn't
public but Iran would know about it. I
don't know. Um, it does seem to me that
that's the most likely
outcome because I don't think Trump can
survive starting a
war. Um, he would lose, you know, one of
his biggest claims to being a a good
president if he starts a war. Now, I
think the Hoody situation is already
questionable cuz that looks like a war
to me.
Um, but if he goes after Iran directly
and US bombers go over Iranian territory
and drop bombs and kill Iranian citizens
and take out their nuclear
program. First of all, I don't know that
it would work. And secondly, we have no
idea what Iran would unleash on the
United States cuz it wouldn't take much
for, you know, a well-trained group of
terrorists to just take down the whole
country. You know, if I'm not going to
give them any suggestions, but you can
use your
imagination. If Iranian
If they did, then I guess we would be
even more militarily inclined to attack.
So maybe Iran would would say, "Okay,
let's just deal with it. Deal with
Israel and make the best of it."
[Music]
So, we don't know. But yes, I don't
think there's any chance that Iran will
reach an agreement that Israel and the
US think is okay for their nuclear
situation.
Um, I saw a news bit, but it's not
confirmed. Maybe you can fact check me
on this because it was just this
morning. Did Trump
um somehow block Ukraine's NATO bid?
Meaning, did Trump say Ukraine will
never be in NATO? Did that
happen? Because if it
did, that would be a weird
negotiating position.
because that would be called negotiating
with yourself. Basically giving
something up without getting something
in return unless there's something in
return, but I'm not aware of it. So, it
could be that Trump is just saying, uh,
there won't be any
NATO. Uh, we're not going to pay for
Ukraine to be in a war anymore. You guys
figure out the, you know, the land
situation maybe. But I don't see
anything that looks like a peace deal
that's going to come out of Ukraine and
Russia. I guess they they tried to have
a ceasefire just for Easter, but that
didn't last. And next thing you know,
Russia was launching a massive missile
and drone attack on on on Ukraine
today. So, more fighting to
come. Here's a weird story. uh according
to Neoscope Frank Landy Moore is writing
that uh there's now a single
injection of a decades old existing
asthma medication called uh
Omazumab but and it's sold as
Zolair and apparently it has shown that
it can successfully treat all
allergies that it just eliminates just
eliminates hates them. All allergies,
but it's not even just seasonal
allergies, food
allergies. So, you get one shot, just
one injection. And I know, I know what
you're thinking. Don't give me no
injections, you'll turn me into a piece
of wood. So, I know that you're not
crazy about anything that involves an
injection or big pharma. So, I'm not
going to say that this works. I'm just
going to say that this is in the news.
Okay, it's not me recommending it, but
the fact that they might have a an
existing
medication that you could take once and
you would never have allergy problems
again, even from
food. Do you think there's a
catch? Of course there is. There's
always a catch. Here's the catch. The
annual cost of doing this would be
$60,000 per person.
$60,000. How in the world could that
possibly be the the cost for one
injection? I don't know. So, uh but
there's some thought that uh it's on the
verge of being a generic. So, the FDA
approved a generic in March, which could
drive down the cost in the future. So,
it might be a generic shot that removes
all allergies.
I don't know. You're not willing to try
it. I think most of you in the comments
have said, "Get that away from me. I
don't need no extra
shots." And I don't disagree with you.
Um, according to uh popular mechanics,
Tim Nukem's writing that uh engineers
believe they found evidence of
hydraulics in an ancient
pyramid, which if they're right, would
solve a 4,500year mystery of how they
move these big rocks. So apparently
there's something inside the one of the
uh pyramids that
suggests that uh it was built using
hydraulics. So they can see some kind of
remaining mechanism that seems like it
would only be related to hydraulics. So
they would in other words using water as
their mechanism for moving stuff.
Maybe I don't know how they would move a
rock to the top of the pyramid with
water, but that would be a pretty clever
pretty clever system if they could do
it. Now, here's another story that
nobody believes.
As you know, every single day there's a
new announcement about a battery
breakthrough that you'll be able to
charge your car in a few minutes and it
will go for a thousand miles and it
doesn't use lithium and every day, but I
don't think maybe none of them will
actually become products because I'm not
seeing any of them come to market. So,
here's another one uh from Interesting
Engineering.
Uh something that can charge in 20
minutes, an EV battery that'll charge.
And they they figured out some new
anode. So, the current ones don't charge
that fast, but they've already figured
out a new anode in South Korea, and it
promises to make your car charge in 20
minutes, and it can endure over 1,500
charge cycles.
So that it would be as easy as filling
your car with gas. Basically 20 minutes
is pretty fast. Now, do you think you'll
ever see this technology in the real
world? I
don't I there's literally an EV battery
breakthrough every single day. Most of
them are from Korea, South Korea. And I
don't think you were going to see any of
it. I I think it's all just
announcements. It's sort of announcement
science.
All right. Uh that ladies and gentlemen
is all I've got for today. And uh it's
going to be a popefilled day. We'll be
seeing lots of coverage of that. Um and
then maybe in a day or two we'll be back
to regular
news. But uh after Easter weekend and
the death of a pope, um the news got a
little slow today. Maybe it'll fe maybe
it'll speed up later. Don't look at your
stocks. Don't look. All right, I'm going
to say a few words privately to the
local subscribers and the rest of you.
Thanks for joining and I will see
you tomorrow. Same time, same place.
All right.