bumpin bumpin bumpin
[Music]
Joe Merry Christmas Happy Holidays it's
good to see all of you good to see all
of you Tyler Erica Merry Christmas
so I know why you're here you're here
for the simultaneous that it doesn't
take much if you'd like to enjoy the
special holiday version of the
simultaneous M what do you think you
need well I'll tell you all you need is
a cup of Margar glass a tankard
chelators type a canteen jugger flask a
vessel of any kind filling with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine today the thing that makes
everything better this simultaneous sip
go o best sip of the week I gotta tell
you I've been playing with my prednisone
again not playing with it but doctor
recommended so I have my sense of snow
back only the second time in about a
decade
and that coffee smells really good
well I hope all of you are gathered
around with family maybe opened your
presents maybe waiting for the kids to
get up depending on your time zone so
let's talk about a few things but it's
all good news today no bad news today ok
ok I think we're all agreed on that
let's talk about some of the things that
are fun and going right north Korea has
promised a some kind of a Christmas gift
that some people are interpreting is
maybe a missile test or something like
that president Trump's response to this
potential of a Christmas present so to
speak from North Korea is one of the
best responses you'll ever see so
remember it's all good news today so I'm
not saying that the presidents never
made any mistakes or anybody else has
never made a mistakes but today we're
just going to talk about the good
stuff and the way President Trump
handles North Korea I don't think you'll
ever see better now there might be a
limit you know what can get done how far
we can go
how safe things can be there might be
some limits but the way he's handling it
is so masterful and let me give you this
example
so North Korea is complaining and and
they're rattling their sabers and they
might do some kind of a missile test to
shake us up a little bit and when Trump
was asked about this yesterday or
recently Trump said quote maybe it's a
nice present and then he said maybe it's
a president where he sends me a
beautiful Vaz as opposed to a missile
test Trump said I may get a Vaz I may
get a nice present from them you don't
know you never know now if you didn't
know how the world works you'd say to
yourself oh my god we have to get rid of
this president he's talking about Avaaz
when when a nuclear capable country is
maybe aiming the rockets in our
direction why is he talking about Avaaz
oh he's crazy it's because he's good at
this and I've said this in various ways
but I'll say it again the trick is not
necessarily to get North Korea to get
rid of all their nukes that would be
great but just as good would be that
they have no reason to point him in our
direction and I had no reason to point
them at any of our allies and what Trump
is doing masterfully I mean just
masterfully he's taking away their
reasons you've never seen this before
I don't think I mean I've never seen it
in my lifetime I've never seen anybody
go after the reasons before have you
III can't think of any historical
parallel to this at all I'm no historian
so maybe somebody else can but he's
literally taking away the root cause
which is the distrust the dislike the
need to you know be the bigger country
he's just taking it away by joking about
it and I think it's completely work
now that doesn't mean you know we're
safe or that North Korea will t do clear
ice but sitting here today I don't feel
the slightest chance that North Korea
has even an interest even a little bit
of interest in attacking the United
States I believe Trump has completely
taken that away right now the who knows
what's happening with the sanctions
they're probably cheating so efficiently
that they don't really need them to be
dropped so they don't really need to act
desperate but it's a lot of pressure and
they don't need any of that pressure
because you know what why would North
Korea put up with the sanctions when
there's nothing in return
so right now North Korea is punishing
itself basically because the United
dated in the United States is all ready
to you know take them in as a friend
there's no risk no risk of war totally
willing to be as friendly as you can be
with you know the country like North
Korea they just have to say yes here's
another fun story more UFO reports over
Vegas now this may surprise you but
these UFOs I know this is gonna come as
a big big surprise but these UFOs were
not clearly photographed I know right
because when you're used to seeing UFOs
that are so clearly photographed it's
obvious what they are you can see the
structure of the ship but weirdly these
are just splotchy bright spots in the
air they seem to be moving fast
according to people who don't know how
to calculate things so I'm going to make
a prediction the earth will not be
dominated by an extraterrestrial force
with their new technology I believe we
will go another hundred thousand years
of humanity without seeing any actual
extraterrestrials sorry I've been
waiting for Alan Dershowitz to weigh in
on this whole impeachment isn't an
impeachment is it
because Italy talks I feel like I don't
have a good opinion because I swear to
God he ends every conversation if you
haven't watched this over the past few
years it's kind of remarkable you'll see
all the the nattering heads debating
stuff and they'll be on both sides and
they'll be all over the place and then
Alan Dershowitz comes in and he just
drops the hammer on the whole
conversation and when he's done you read
his opinion you go okay well maybe I
should have just taken his opinion
because whatever the hell I was talking
about doesn't make any sense
compared to whatever he said and he's
doing that again so so I'm gonna
conflate two stories so that there's a
part not about Dershowitz it didn't come
from him but I'm gonna put it in with
his story I don't know who the author
was but somebody on the internet
yesterday tweeted rounded opinion piece
there filled in the blanks for something
I totally didn't understand about the
impeachment thing and maybe you didn't
either and it was remember when the
Democrats star lawyer a constitutional
scholar type person said that the
impeachment was not complete because the
articles had not been sent over to the
Senate and a lot of people said well
that's weird how often do you get a
Democrat seemingly siding with President
Trump when in fact this particular
Democrat was chosen specifically because
he would say anti Trump stuff and then
he comes out and says the best thing the
president could ever here which is the
impeachment is not official because it
hasn't been transmitted so it's not real
and a lot of people said wow that's
that's weird and it couldn't explain it
and I could explain it either because we
live in a very partisan world it didn't
make sense to me that in this particular
case somebody would cross sides with an
opinion that was clearly for the benefit
of the other side turns out there is
speculation hypothesis that it was a
trick it was a trick
here's the trick and this is using
Dershowitz 'as insights to explain it
better but apparently the Constitution
has no requirement for transmitting the
articles of impeachment to the Senate it
doesn't exist so there's there's nothing
in the Constitution that says you must
do this step or the Senate can't vote on
it or act on it the Senate can do
anything it wants because the Senate has
complete constitutional authority to
decide what a trial looks like and how
it's how it is how it is accomplished
they could do anything they want as long
as the Senate majority and leaders are
on the same page so one of the things
they can do is that the Senate can
without without the articles even being
transmitted they can still vote on it
they could have a trial they could vote
on it they could vote on it without a
trial they could vote it and after some
witnesses they could do anything they
want so the Senate has the complete
power to just wipe the wipe the articles
away whether Nancy Pelosi transmits them
or not now here's the part where Feldman
comes in Feldman was trying to argue
that the that you do need to transmit
them or else it's not official but that
was probably and this is the speculation
part because we can't read his mind but
it's the only it's the only explanation
that fits the facts in a way that I that
I can understand it and that was that it
was a diversion and the diversion was to
make the Senate believe that there was a
step yet to be taken because if the
Senate believes there were no more steps
that needed to be taken I mean there
could be taken but didn't need to be
taken then the Senate could just vote
and the Senate could have already voted
it away but the Senate was also confused
because they were I think the Senate was
saying well we kind of gotta wait for
the way forward to be referred over here
don't we it's a little unclear the
scholars are debating so I think Feldman
did one of maybe one of the most clever
legal political tactics you'll ever see
a complete diversion to make you think
there was an issue when none existent so
that you would be diverted and not just
vote out it voted away and it'd be gone
by Christmas so I just put that out
there as something I read not something
I necessarily could tell you is right
when it sounds right doesn't it
that isn't it the one explanation that
seems to satisfy all the observation you
know there's nothing about what I said
that doesn't fit perfectly I think so
that's cool
well suis got going on here today
my book loser think end-of-the-year or
it looks like a linear as the number one
bestseller and political humor yeah the
Kindle version of my book it'll be the
number one bestseller and political
humor
it is not very close to being number one
in the world but in that category where
I think it believes belongs it's not
really a political book but it works
really well met zone as well you may
have seen on my Twitter feed just
moments ago tweeting around some various
articles about major breakthroughs that
have happened all year in cancer
research it's one of the big stories
that doesn't get reported because it's
really a bunch of little stories and if
you don't see the whole field it's hard
to know that there's a big story so Jake
Novak was tweeting around a bunch of
articles this morning about what looked
to be serious serious major
breakthroughs in cancer treatments so it
might be that the biggest story of 2019
was in cancer research but since it was
lots of little stories and you have to
wait for them to play out maybe it takes
a while to know but this might have been
one of the most consequential years in
human human history it's possible yeah
somebody's mentioning that the president
being aggressive with HIV medications to
try to essentially eradicate it in this
country and others I assume so these are
gigantic
just gigantic humanity benefits and I
wanted to check in with you since it's
sort of the end of the year and this is
when people do this about some things
that many of you have participated with
me in let's say magnifying messages I
think that's what we do best here on
Twitter is that we can magnify messages
that are good and debate things that are
wrong and maybe that helps it along in
the long run but here are some here are
some topics that I believe that that you
you collectively and I made some
difference all right now that doesn't
mean we're the leaders in any of it but
we were participants in boosting certain
messages all year and most of you were
sort of on board with a lot of that here
are some of them one of the messages I
think we successfully boosted this year
was the idea of decoupling with China
but strategically in other words don't
just walk away do what you can do we got
business ongoing business you might have
to wind them down in a very long-term
situation but don't bring any new
business over there that would just be
crazy I think that that idea promoted
primarily by people like Gordon Chang
and Kyle Bass and some others and I've
definitely joined that joined that
message as well and I feel would you
agree that the decoupling idea is far
more prevalent at least as an option in
something in people's minds than it was
a year ago now that the Hong Kong stuff
makes a difference the Weger stuff makes
a difference the Oregon Transplant stuff
makes a difference the trade deal makes
a difference but yeah I've seen some
yeses goodbye I believe that we
succeeded collectively because it
doesn't make if I tweet something it has
no power whatsoever unless there are
hundreds of thousands of you looking at
it and say yes I i amplify that message
so there's nothing I can do on my own
I can only tweet and you can decide to
and I think the the China message I
think changed the world honestly I don't
think that's I don't think that's too
strong a statement I think that
collectively we are part of we're not
the reason that anything changed but
we're part of this growing influential
message that the direction we need to go
with China is a strategic you know
managed decoupling over times and that
seems to be now drifting into the common
I would say that's drifting into common
sense where before it was think how
radical that was even a year ago think
think what it would have sounded like to
say we should decouple with China one
year ago cuz some of us were and now
think about how it sounds today it
doesn't sound bad does it because we saw
that the trade war didn't really hurt
the economy
at least it didn't drive it down maybe
it could have been higher if things had
been different here's another one
as you know with Mark Snyder and Michael
Shellenberger and others we've been
helping boost the idea that clean safe
nuclear energy has to be a big part of
the the coming whatever you know whether
you believe in climate change or you
don't it ends up being the same I feel
as though and this one would be a little
harder you know this might be
confirmation bias at my part I don't
know but I feel as though the national
mood about nuclear energy is really
different in the past year but I don't
know if that's just my little corner of
the world but it seems that you know now
that some of the Democratic candidates
have come out and said full-throated Lee
yes nuclear has to be part of the
solution and you see the the Perry
Energy Department saying yes we're
building test facilities for fuel we're
very aggressive in this and you see
other countries and you see you see Bill
Gates trying to get his generation for
up etc I feel as though this is another
category where we collectively actually
made a difference
okay can I get your opinion on that this
one's harder to judge right I think a
little harder to judge but it feels as
if in the past year we went from some
kind of full-on panic 12 years we're all
going to die to drifting toward the
opinion that between the new
technologies for scrubbing co2 and the
limitation of our ability to create fuel
to predict things our strong economy and
the fact that nuclear energy is very
promising at the same time the solar and
batteries and wind are getting more
efficient I feel as if the all the smart
people are on the same page now or it's
getting that way now that the world is
still afraid of nuclear you know the
population general but I feel I feel as
though the decision-making public has
all drifted in the same direction so
that doesn't mean we get something fast
but at least the minds are in the right
place one of the things that I wanted
for 2019 is for the president to declare
the Mexican cartels terrorist
organizations I understand I watched a
clip in which Brandon Darby was talking
about this he's he's an expert on the
border and the cartels and works for
Breitbart I've had him on on this
podcast before on this periscope and
he's probably the most as far as I can
tell the most knowledgeable person about
what's actually happening on the ground
and he said something interesting I
hadn't heard before which is that it
might make sense to designate a few of
the cartels the Mexican cartels as
terrorist organizations but not all of
them now I didn't hear the thinking
behind that and I don't know exactly how
that could make sense but because it
comes from somebody I know to be
sensible I'm gonna say there's something
in my knowledge that there's a gap I
need to have filled in so there is some
thinking that I can't validate as being
agreeable with me yet but I imagine it
probably is is that you wouldn't do it
to all of them now the president has
been talking about it
it's on the table so I would say that
that is yet again another situation
certainly with the fentanyl situation
wouldn't you say that we've been part of
productively persuading toward getting
tougher with the cartels I think so I
think we can pat ourselves on the back
for being part of the public voices that
are in favor of that another gigantic
thing that I think we did this year and
here I'll call out especially Steve
Cortes and Joel and and I all
worked very hard in this for the last
three years and most of you did as well
which is debunking the so-called fine
people hoax
now I've often said that the fine people
hoax and that if you're new to the
periscope it has widely been falsely
reported that President Trump called the
neo-nazis marching in charlottesville
find people the quick version is if you
read the transcript he said the opposite
of that but when it's taken out of
context it reverses his meaning so that
has been widely reported as a true
statement that he actually did that
while all the facts are unambiguously as
clear as they could be then he said the
opposite and he said it as clearly as
you could possibly say it now for
whatever reason fake news and
confirmation bias and everything else
that became sort of I would say the the
tent pole that holds up the entire
racist accusation against the president
which of course you know all of his
supporters are affected by as well it
seems to me that we've made progress it
seems to me it's really hard it's is
maybe the hardest hoax that has ever
been attacked yeah I mean it's one of
the most resistant hoaxes but hoaxes die
hard I would however say that the number
of people this year 2019 who were
exposed to the truth which is the actual
transcript so they can see for
themselves that the the tentpole racist
claim was just made up
literally just made up and now if you
don't know what a tentpole references
it's a reference to if you have a big
circus tent there's a one main pole in
the middle it's like the important one
so I think if people understood that
they had been duped I mean really duped
seriously duped by the fine people hoax
it should soften them up to at least be
open to the possibility that they've
seen other things differently and wrong
as well so I think that's good I think
we did good work on those things is
there anything else we did good work on
I it's the end of the year and I'm
hearing from a lot of people on Twitter
who got some benefits from my book and
any one of my books if people are
reporting that they've lost 80 pounds
that's that's you John talking to you
people say that they've changed jobs
they've upgraded their careers they
improved their social lives and all
kinds of stuff so I'm feeling good about
that a lot of people reporting in that
that their lives have improved because
if either this periscope for my books
and if any of you have any success
stories you want to tweet at me this
would be a good week to do it
because I like to I like to read that
stuff it's very it's very motivating to
me to find out there's somebody read
something or took some advice and got a
good result so if you'd like to share
that I'll tweet around any good ones I
see alright somebody says I survived
somebody says you have changed my life I
don't ever write on Twitter but will for
you well thank you
certified hypnotist did somebody do that
yeah China and fentanyl I feel like I
made a dent in the Chinese fentanyl
story but no no yet results so we don't
see anything that looks like China
actually cutting down on the fence and
all but our Trump supporters a cult well
that's what I call word thinking so
you've been seeing a lot of cult 45 on
the Internet the idea that president
number 45 president Trump is a cult and
that the people who follow him believe
him because he's a cult leader of some
size now if you'll notice a pattern here
there's a pattern the pattern is that
the people on the Left let's call them
the anti Trump errs consistently care
understand their world would you agree
and so they're looking for reasons to
explain their world and and they're
trying to understand how there could
even be a president Trump and how he
could have tens of millions of
supporters it doesn't make sense in how
they understand their world so under
those conditions cognitive dissonance
kicks em and with cognitive dissonance
kicks and you you come up with all kinds
of wild explanations to paper over the
fact that your worldview just has a
problem there's there's a break in your
consistency of your worldview and it has
to fix it and so you saw well he must
have been elected by the Russians I mean
it must have been the Russians cuz no
Americans would do this then of course
people had to prove that they were right
all along
and even though the president's progress
seemed to be pretty good you know the
economy nicest and all the things he did
they still had to be right so how can
you be right about him being the worst
president while the observable facts are
that everything's going well well you
you declare that he's secretly a racist
he's secretly a dictator he's secretly
trying to take over he hasn't done
anything yet but he has bad thoughts and
he has bad intentions for the future so
you end up with all this magical
thinking and weird stuff now the cult
the cults part is part of that field of
cognitive dissonance patches these are
things that people are trying to imagine
to make their world make sense you and I
don't need it
because our world made sense from the
beginning right here here's where my
world look like 2015 here's here was my
view of the world huh there's a whole
bunch of standard boring politicians
running there's one really capable super
persuasive guy who seems to have every
tool you need to win against all odds
so my world was completely consistent
because I saw a guy with special tools
use his special tools and get exactly
the result you'd expect when the person
with the best tools competes against the
people who don't have any tools so to me
that seemed completely consistent next I
assumed that he would do well with the
economy because he's a salesperson and
the most that what the economy needs
more than anything is a good cheerleader
he said that he would be that good
cheerleader and that he went out and did
it
and he did it so well that it was
exactly what I expected because of his
toolbox
I saw the tools and I said well there's
a guy who could sell an economy and he's
also smart enough you know the way he
conceives the world is as a
psychological engine and he knows that
to prime the psychological engine he
just has to say here's a good reason the
economy's going up here's another good
reason the economy is going up and
here's the key part it doesn't have to
be that true meaning that the president
cut a bunch of regulations and he uses
that as one of his reasons for why the
economy is going up is that a reason oh
maybe maybe in some small way maybe not
but it doesn't matter the president
understands that when you say the
economy is going to improve and here are
my reasons a B and C that's good you're
done a B and C don't have to be that
true they only have to make you think
it's true and you think well if the
economy
is gonna be better next year I better
invest and and that makes it a self
fulfilling economy so the president
understood that so what I got was
exactly what I expected and predicted we
are currently experiencing the identical
future that my worldview predicted
economy doing well
Isis defeated for all the reasons to the
president said he would doing better you
know in her conversations with even our
frenemies everything that I expected
happened just the way I expected so you
would expect that since my worldview was
completely consistent I would have no
triggers to create cognitive dissonance
because everything was consistent but if
you were a anti-trump er none of this
made sense how could a crazy guy be
presiding over a great economy how could
it be that you know that Kim jong-un
hasn't already nuked us how could it be
there he's not in the pocket of Russia I
mean all these crazy stuff and so the
the cult accusation is just more of that
confirmation bias and cognitive
dissonance kicking in but I did write in
my book loser think that there isn't one
called one called cult quality that is
becoming common for both sides let's say
Democrats and Republicans just to keep
it simple and that is that cults don't
like you to communicate outside the cult
and if you notice that it's getting
harder and harder to talk politics if
you're talking to somebody who doesn't
you don't already know agrees with you
so there's sort of an accidental double
cult situation happening on the left and
the right but it's not because there are
called leaders it's because the media
and the way things have sorted out on
social media especially just makes us
less likely to talk to each other if we
think we disagree so in a sense there's
an accidental cult being formed two of
them just because we don't talk in the
same way we used to talk all right
that's the good news what are the good
news
this year I think we had good news with
Isis we had a relatively good news about
terrorism merry Christmas to you too
just looking at your comments
somebody got a job congratulations
brexit happened yeah I don't I mean if
you think that's good it probably is the
Iran protests yeah we'll see if the
around protests turn into something
productive somebody had their best year
in real estate congratulations we had
hostages released somebody says still no
wall yeah but you know the President did
get money approved to put it in the
places where to put it in the places
where it makes the most difference so
we'll see if that makes difference
spaceforce yes first step Act there was
an Arab big shoot down last night he's
somebody saying in the comments I didn't
see anything about that in the news Hong
Kong is trying to become the 51st state
yeah
Hong Kong's a big problem I don't know
how that's gonna be you know let's talk
about Hong Kong Gordon Chang has been
hinting at this for a long time and he's
he's one of the smartest guys in this
topic so I take him seriously and the
thought is that Hong Kong could end up
taking down mainland China now my first
reaction to that was that's not going to
happen because me and LAN China is
pretty darn secure and pretty solid and
Hong Kong is isolated and you know it
just I didn't see how it could infect
the mainland but if Hong Kong doesn't
give up and it looks like that might be
the case it looks like Hong Kong might
not have any give up in them Hong Kong
may have decided you know you've heard
me say this before it's one of the best
pieces of advice and ways to look at the
world you'll ever see there's a real big
difference
between wanting something and deciding
to have it because you act differently
if you simply want it you might not put
in the all the sacrifice and cost to get
it it's just something you want but you
can't afford it if you decide to get it
then the cost doesn't matter because
you're just gonna go all-in
you're gonna die trying if you've
decided and it's starting to look like
Hong Kong has maybe maybe shifted from
wanting more freedom and wanting China
not to have this power over them they
may have turned the corner into deciding
it's starting to look like that can't
tell because that's really internal
thoughts you can't see them from here
but it looks like they have they've
upped the level of personal risk to
American Revolution levels meaning that
the founders of the American Revolution
they knew full well that if they didn't
succeed in the most unlikely task
against the biggest foe you know Great
Britain England at just England they
knew if they didn't succeed they don't
hang and they said that expressly and
they were right so Hong Kong is in that
same situation if the if the people
whose faces have already been caught on
surveillance if they don't succeed a lot
of them are gonna hang you know
figuratively speaking they may end up in
jail so it's not impossible as I sit
here today it is not impossible to
imagine that Hong Kong will change China
I wouldn't have said that a year ago but
when you see how plucky and determined
the Hong Kong residents are they're not
joking and when you have people that
smart
and that brave what can they do right
because the reason that the Americans
won the won the revolution is that
England had all the you know you think
the resources and and the wherewithal
but the plucky Revolutionary Army
and its leaders were apparently very
smart and very brave if you put those
two things together smart and brave and
and you're on your home court territory
I mean there's a reason that the Taliban
can kick everybody out of Afghanistan
yeah maybe not the smart part so much
fuss but certainly brave yeah if you're
brave enough you can't lose the sames
you're just willing to put up with
enough loss so do not count out the fact
that China might be in a lot of trouble
next year and Hong Kong might be part of
that debt might be part of it
shrinking economy might be part of it so
could be a tough year for China shaping
up all right
there's more stories about Ukraine and
Rudy and hunter Biden and all those but
at this point all of that looks like
stuff you shouldn't rely on to be true
yet so I don't want to talk about that
stuff because I don't think any of its
reliable yet but she'll be fun all right
yeah there's stories about Paul Pelosi
etc so I don't believe any of that stuff
Comey and Brennan well I'll tell you I
have a let's say a psychological barrier
when talking about Brennan and clapper
from the very beginning Brennan clapper
have the faces and mannerisms and let's
say they're their exterior presentation
and the words they choose and just body
language and everything else
they look like they're the guiltiest two
people who ever lived now I can't tell
if that's pure confirmation bias because
in my mind I think they're guilty of
something or maybe I want them to be
guilty of something and so I'm
interpreting what I'm seeing in that
frame totally possible but I've never
seen two guys who look more guilty
from the start I mean from the jump they
look guilty and I would say that's not
true of you know Co me I would I didn't
say that of McCabe you know I if you
look at it co me and McCabe I said to
myself well there are guys who you know
maybe they were guilty and maybe they
weren't but you can't tell by looking at
him you can't tell by listening to them
you know there's nothing in their
presentation that just screams I'm lying
to you right now you know it could be
true could be not but when clapper and
Brennan were on TV every time I saw them
I I felt like the word lie was like
shouting at me lie lie lie don't know
why so this might be one of those cases
where it's just confirmation bias and
doesn't mean anything and they've done
nothing and nothing will happen that's
possible but if I had to trust my
hunches if I had to trust my hunches
they're in for a bad 20/20 but you know
that is just a feeling
all right do you think Greta tunberg
helped or hurt the whole climate change
conversation I have a weird feeling that
she didn't help the way she wanted to I
think it's great that she brings
attention to it because bringing
attention to it's good you know even if
we determine we no matter what you
determine about it focusing on it makes
sense because it's at least potentially
a huge problem
you know you might believe it's not but
it's certainly potentially one so I'm
glad she focused on it but I think the
indirect effect of that is that the
topic was associated with children think
about it when you think of climate
change who do you think of were your
first people you think of well there's a
OC you think a Greta you think of
Capriati was his name the actor so you
think of a few actors but basically if
Greta becomes the voice of climate
change
it makes the topic seem less serious in
a way that I don't think people
understand now on the logic level the
logic level you'd say whoa
climate change will hurt children more
than a will adults because they have to
be around for the aftermath the children
do so therefore it is a children's
problem and isn't a great that there's a
a child teenager who's the champion of
it it all makes sense
right so on a logical level all makes
sense but on a less than logical level
where we all exist it looks like it
became a Santa Clause story or a
boogeyman or a monster under the bed
because when you see a woman not a woman
a young girl who's literally still a
child and she's the face of this you you
merge in your heads those things climate
change a child's issue climate change
something children worry about climate
change it's now for adults it's about
children now none of that makes sense
because Greta was doing a an adult job
to fix an adult problem but I worry that
it backfired I don't know if that's a
worry but I it's just a question because
remember we are we are just as much
influenced by Association as we're in
fact more more influenced by
associations of things things that
overlap things that are with other
things people were photographed with
other people people who said the same
thing as somebody else somebody acts in
the way there's somebody else acted so
just associations are very powerful in
our mental map whereas sometimes common
sense and rational logic and stuff not
so much so I think the net effect of
Greta is that she associated this
potentially massive problem of climate
change with something kids worry about
may have worked in the opposite
direction
we'll see no way to really measure that
kind of thing well I give regret it i i
I'm typically I'm typically
complimentary to anybody who gets in the
you know the Octagon anybody who's
willing to take the slings and arrows to
fight for something that they think will
make the world a better place if they
really mean it I tend to be very
positive so a very positive on Greta for
stepping up trying to fix something now
you can argue that she's doing it the
right or wrong way or you could argue
this not a bit as big a problem but I
think you have to give her a respect for
step another I'm trying to do something
same as I say with all the anti-trump
errs I used the list of milano as my
example often i have complete respect
for Alyssa Milano
even while disagreeing with 80% of the
things she says on Twitter it's because
she's real
she cares gets involved she's trying to
make the world a better place
you know I might disagree with her on
the details but you want more I think
you want more citizens like that not
fewer of them all right bill Polti here
Merry Christmas bill Trump's told her
childhood dreams and somebody's saying
somebody says wow Scott turning you off
you're turning me off for what because I
said I liked Alyssa Milano's style well
you just got blocked first block on
Christmas Day yes I think we're at the
at the golden age I believe we've
reached the golden age and I and here's
my definition of the golden age so the
gold age is defined as a time when our
biggest problem is not shortages that
our biggest problem is that we haven't
designed systems to get those goods and
services to everywhere they get to go
and that as we design better systems
will unlock the golden age but also it
looks like we're curing a lot of major
health problems etc so I also see that
the the age of big nuclear countries
threatening to go to war with each other
it just doesn't make any sense anymore
just doesn't we might get to the point
where I could easily see it in the next
five years whoever the president is
let's say his drum sitting down with
Putin and XI and Kim and I don't know
whoever else and just saying can any of
you think of a reason why we should be
pointing our weapons at each other
because I can't can you can you think of
a reason that we should be pointing
weapons at Russia and vice-versa and
China pointing them at both at us and we
at them can you think of any reason for
that I can't I can't think of any reason
all the reasons are gone so we might
have with this weird major global shift
that says war is economics if you want
to have a war it's going to be an
economic war because those are the kinds
that work and those are the kinds that
you know are just better than a military
war all right
[Music]
in 1912 people were saying it was a
golden age too and then there was World
War one but this time were right to
potential invasion yeah I don't see any
of the big countries
nobody's gonna invade in nuclear country
has that ever happened are there any
historians here as has a nuclear power
ever been invaded I don't think so so
the only thing we have left to fight
over are the non-nuclear countries all
right I think we've said enough
today it's time to open your packages
have a great Christmas and I will talk
to you later