bum bum bum bum
hey everybody come on in here it's time
for a coffee with Scott Adams and it's
another wonderful morning sure we got
problems
world has problems it always does what
is that gonna stop you from enjoying the
simultaneous sip no no no you're not the
kind of person who would be deterred by
things like that I just realized you
can't say deterred without a turd hmm
never thought about that before but you
can't say pandemic without dem that's
the thing - all right get ready you're
all in here I know you're poised you're
ready oh yeah you're ready you know you
need this is a cup or a mug er glass of
tanker chalices tie the canteen jug or
flask a vessel of any kind and fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
enjoyed me down for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine and the day the
thing that makes everything including
the pandemic better it's called the
simultaneous up then it happens now go
yes I can feel my blood plasma getting
stronger every moment I don't know what
that means yeah tonight I think I'll be
giving myself a haircut I I had been
hearing some suggestions and maybe I
should work on the mullet it doesn't
look a little naturally mullet II this
is not a time for photographs I think
I'm gonna lose all of my photographs
well nothing I took anything during this
period all right let's talk about some
of the things in the news it's fun of
course last night I already talked about
Bernie Bernie dropping out Bernie's
dropping out and of course goes without
saying that now the big question is who
will Biden pick as his vice president
and will he pick a vice president before
he's replaced at the top of the ticket
what would you say do you think that
Biden will select his vice president
before he is replaced as the top of the
ticket because if he has a vice
president they can't really replace him
without moving the vice president up
because if they don't if they don't
promote the vice presidential candidate
to the top of the ticket should they
decide that you know Biden can't go on
then what does it say about who he
picked for the vice president if the
vice presidential pick is not the
automatic one who bumps up to the top
other than that person probably was not
well chosen to begin with so that's not
I mean it doesn't follow completely 100%
logically but people are gonna think of
it that way uh-huh
yeah I'm going for the Tiger king look
thanks for making that comparison how
much did you love the fact that Trump
got a tiger King question during the
press conference on one hand you say to
yourself my god what a waste of the
public's time and the government's time
to ask such a silly question at a time
when we were more concerned about the
massive global death toll and all that
but I disagree I disagree first of all
you could tell the Trump sort of enjoyed
it
he sort of enjoyed the question it was
sort of like a palate cleanser like you
just needed a little change of pace from
the heaviness of the the topic and I
think the country enjoyed it too so to
the reporter who asked that question
well it wasn't wasn't news per se so you
know that's you can't say you were
necessarily doing your job of getting
the news but on the other hand the
country sort of appreciated it so I
don't know which news outlet it was we
asked that question but to the reporter
who did I say thanks thanks you know I
don't think we should be silly all the
time but every now and then things get
so heavy that I don't mind somebody
the class clown I don't mind somebody he
tells a joke
I don't mind somebody tries to you know
break the mood a little bit so thank you
I appreciated that well the the debate
has already started ahead of time about
whether the models were always bogus or
they were you know they were good and
useful and incredible and the arguments
shaping up like this some people are
saying well of course the death toll is
lower than even the lowest estimates of
the model it's outside of the entire
range of the model but it's better it's
because we did such a good job that even
the models could not predict how
effective we would be so that's one of
the movies and the other movie and of
course we don't know how it all ends but
so both of these movies assume that they
can predict there were you know turning
the corner then the other movie says
that the models were just baloney from
the start and we should have ignored
them all and just kept going to work and
we would have never known the difference
here's my take on this I don't think
people understand that models are not
designed to be right and I think that's
probably I don't know 95% of the public
is under that impression then if the
experts build a model that the whole
point of the model especially if it's
got a very wide range you know between a
hundred thousand and two million people
are dying you figure that range is so
wide it's gonna be in there somewhere
right so that's the usefulness of the
model so if you're not anywhere in that
gigantic wide range critics get to say
hey I told you I told you now and of
course the critics will also point out
that the bottom of the range assume that
you tried as hard as you could
to mitigate so if you do even better
than that well what good was the model
you know it just shows that the model
was completely in its own world for a
reality I
disagree because that's not what the
rock the models are for the models that
are meant to be useful they're not meant
to be accurate now I say this is
somebody who built many financial models
in my corporate days is my main job and
I was always acutely aware that my
estimates and my predictions were not
accurate so instead I designed them to
be useful and since most people will
never be able to understand the
distinction you could explain it to them
forever and they'll look you right in
the eyes right after you've explained it
and they'll say yeah but it's not
accurate and then you'll start again you
say okay okay I don't think you're
hearing me nobody can predict the future
so being accurate wasn't even than the
set of possibilities unless you were
just lucky so being accurate it's not
even a goal because it can't be done
nobody if anybody could predict the
future the way these models pretend to
well anybody who could do that would be
rich from the stock market that they'd
be rich from a dozen other things that
they could predict and they could bet on
because anybody who anybody who can
accurately predict the future of
anything of anything from a hurricane
from climate science to the economy the
stock market to the coronavirus anybody
who could accurately predict the future
in those multi variable situations would
just go make bets and be rich but it's
not a thing it's just not a thing so
that's why people don't do it if they
couldn't do it they do it they'd say
well this this model is giving me an
edge I'll go make a bet on based on this
model instead the models are meant to be
useful now how many are you confused
because you're thinking to yourself and
by the way I'm using a a persuasion
technique now I'll call it out in a
minute but how many of you are thinking
to yourself Scott Scott Scott you're
talking crazy because you're saying that
the models don't need to be even
accurate like even even accurate within
a gigantic range they don't need to be
and still they're useful explain that
cartoon boy those are like opposites if
it's completely inaccurate to not even
be in the general range it can't also be
useful except that everyone who makes
models know that they can be you'll see
a few people say yes the people who have
some experience in this field the models
are not meant to be accurate they're not
designed that way they're not it's not a
hope it's not a dream it would only be
lucky if they were accurate what the
models are supposed to do is change your
behavior that's the only thing you need
to know the point of a model is to
change your behavior and if the model
does that and it changes you may
behavior in a productive way then it can
be said that the model was useful even
completely inaccurate so let's take this
case of the coronavirus what did the the
models which were completely inaccurate
did they did they persuade us I think
you'd say yes at least enough of us were
persuaded that it was a gigantic risk
that huge changes in behavior happened
fairly quickly so did the models cause
us to change behavior yes now the second
question is should they you know was it
right to change our behavior well that's
the part that becomes the two movies and
the baby will never settle but the
argument goes that if we hadn't changed
her behavior this much we would not be
getting a result then at least
preliminarily looks like it might not be
so bad compared to the models now can
the models predict accurately how well
people will respond even in the near
term not really nobody can make a model
like that because they can't pick up
innovation did the models for example
predict that somebody would find a way
to split ventilators and effectively
double the capacity at least in those
emergency situations and temporarily did
the model pick that up did the model
that have a number in it for the
for the the effectiveness of the
hydroxychloroquine because if the model
did have an estimate for the
effectiveness of the hydroxychloroquine
how do they know that we don't know that
why would the model numbers why would
the model people know the effectiveness
of the hydroxychloroquine if we don't
know and the scientists don't know so
keep in mind that these models are
persuasion and if they persuade you in
the right direction
they worked they were useful now of
course they could over persuade you
right they could persuade you to do the
wrong thing so that's the distinction if
it persuade you to do the right thing
and even if you can determine that is
even after the fact we'll never really
know what was the right thing even after
the fact we can only know here's the
only thing you can know is if the model
got people to act in the way that the
consensus of the experts thought was the
right way to act
that's about as that's about as good as
you can do so I would argue that we are
not acting so much to satisfy you know
the requirements of the model but rather
I would put it this way as a person who
has developed many models for the
purposes of management management
decides what they want to do and then
they have you build a model that
supports the story and if the experts
collectively say you know I don't think
we can model this honestly I don't think
we know how big a problem this is but
from the little hints we have about how
how viral it is the information we got
out of China of how bad it was the the
number of you know body bags that we had
to order the number of ICU rooms that
were over a capacity so based on the
little hints we experts not me but
talking about the experts look at it and
say we should try as hard as we can to
avoid the worst case that might be the
only thing that could be known with any
kind of confidence that all of the
experts come
actively had sort of the same feeling
about it and I think they did I think if
you were to survey the ones who are the
the viral Aegis I think that in general
they would all say whoa
based on these little facts which are
anecdotal but very scary it does look
like in my professional opinion as a
expert violinist for example it does
look like we should put the maximum
effort into stopping this and then they
build a model because the public isn't
going to take an opinion the public
needs something a little more convincing
what would be more convincing than just
interviews with scientists who say hey
you should do this thing a picture so
the scientists know and everybody
involved knows that a picture is more
influential so it gets turned into a
graph a picture arranged a statistic
because that's how you communicate it so
that the graph and the pictures should
not be seen as something which should be
viewed as true or false or accurate or
inaccurate because they're not even
built for that purpose they are built to
persuade in a way that the consensus of
the experts legitimately feel is in the
best interest of the country because I
think mostly they're you know they're
good eggs who want the the best thing to
happen so this argument we're having
about whether they were accurate and
whether they had to be revised and all
that is all is people who don't
understand what the models are so these
are arguments from people who have never
modeled and don't understand the world
and so neither the pros nor the con
arguments are even a little bit sensible
they're not even the right argument
really and what you should see with any
model is that they start out wildly and
accurate because nobody can predict the
future and then as you get closer to
whatever date you can you can measure
for sure whether you're right or wrong
as you get closer to the to knowing the
answer the models start getting molded
and retrofitted and and tweaked until
they come into conformance with reality
they saw that in 2016 the
the the poles of who would win the
election were wildly off but as you got
closer and closer to Election Day they
started to narrow
I think Rasmussen you know nailed it but
most of the other polls were at least
closing that gigantic gap that said
Hillary would win most of them narrowed
toward the end and that's normal
does that mean that the polls were all
wrong
well if you think polls are right in the
first place yeah but you know polls are
polls are pretty gross objects too so
all right here's the here's some
examples of loser think in the news so
this is a let's see Kevin Miller on you
use just some user on Twitter said that
there's literally no argument to the
numbers would be higher if we didn't do
all that we did and yet people will
argue it so Kevin is saying that you
can't reasonably argue that the reason
that the numbers are good is because we
did all the mitigation so Kevin saying
it's so obvious that should be the end
of the argument the mitigation is the
reason the death rate is low it's the
reason it's an obvious reason we did it
for that purpose the experts said if you
do this the death rate will come down
and then it came down that's why I came
down so so Kevin is saying there's no
argument the numbers would be higher if
we didn't do all that we did so this is
loser think and it's a specific form of
loser to think that I write about in one
chapter of my book loser think which you
should all buy because you have time to
read it and this is what I call the
failure of imagination
so whenever anybody says there's no
other explanation there are two
possibilities one it was at the right
there's just no other explanation but
the other possibility that's gigantic is
that you're not good at imagining other
possibilities
and that's the case here so let me give
you an example
so Kevin cannot imagine based on his
comment I'm saying he can't imagine
because he says is literally not
figuratively literally there's no
argument except that the mitigation
worked it's the only thing you could say
looking at the evidence to which I say
no no I'm afraid that's not the only way
to interpret it here's the other way do
you tell me if this is crazy the other
way to interpret is the mitigation
worked a little bit just like everybody
thought it would work but a little bit
and the biggest difference was that the
models were wildly inaccurate how do you
roll out that possibility because Kevin
is correct that it has to make a
difference that everybody did social
isolation and a lot of people wore masks
and and it had to make a difference so
Kevin's right about that but how can
Kevin measure how much of the total
difference can be ascribed to that that
one factor he can't can't be measured
you can't measure it I can't measure the
experts can't measure it it can't be
measured and if we tried to compare it
to other countries say well let's
compare it to one of these other
countries we'll find one that did
everything the same except maybe this
one variable and then that'll tell us
something it's like oh you did
everything in the same except you didn't
wear masks well we'll compare you to the
countries that did wear masks and see if
we learn anything probably doesn't work
because there aren't two countries that
are enough alike yeah I'm seeing people
mention the country as well what about
Sweden what about the fact that
Singapore have a good result but they
didn't wear masks but they did do good
contact checking my point is that all
the countries are gonna be so
fundamentally different on so many big
points from you know is it a country
where they hug a lot do they have old
people living inside what's the what's
the you know the size of the country
what's the quality of the healthcare or
what's the flexibility you can't you
just can't compare two countries I don't
think I don't think we'll ever have a
good
a good answer about what works except
that we'll know social isolation has to
work I mean logically has to work in the
same way that face masks logically had
to work a little bit you just don't know
how much so Kevin I would say that you
were you were blind to the other
possibility that of course the
mitigation works but we don't know how
much and it is easily possible easily
possible that the biggest difference in
the change of the estimates had to do
with the estimates were that good in the
first place now let's say that's the
case I'm saying you can't rule it out
and it's so dead simply obvious that
it's possible and it would be routine
there wouldn't even be unusual if that
were the case nothing about that would
be weird
can't rule it out all right now there
will be much scent about the fact that
the bottom range of the models was a
hundred thousand deaths and very quickly
it got modified down to well under two
thousand we meant a minimum about sixty
thousand and when that gets modified
down which it might be I think it'll get
at least a 50% chance to look at
modified down again people will say
we'll see how wrong the bottle was and
other people will say see how good the
mitigation was and we'll never get to
the end let me ask you this what are the
odds that a big complicated model would
be accurate in the first place
what are the odds that even if it gave a
range and it's a really big range of
possibilities one of the odds that it's
still going to be in that gigantic range
there's a really 95% bit like they might
want you to believe in my experience
even big ranges are just routinely wrong
I mean it's not even unusual temperature
in kantak range of possibilities and
still be way under it or way over it not
unusual roll all right
here's some other stuff
the question of who vice-president or
yeah who Biden picks for his vice
presidential running mate is getting
really interesting because the timing
because you know this conversation is
happening among the Democrats they're
thinking oh my god what are we gonna do
about Joe Biden because we can't have
him as our standard bearer you know that
conversation is happening I know that
conversation is happening because
actually talk to people who are who are
prominent Democrats and let me tell you
that conversation is happening but there
are two logical ways to go about it
well three I guess three one would be to
just replace them at the convention and
just have some kind of a revolution at
the convention and pick somebody else
that's possible
but I think that would be very divisive
that's risky the other possibility would
be to replace him now you know have
somebody talk about a running and say
look look that like you know we still
have time to slot him Mario Cuomo or
somebody I'm not Mario of Andrew Cuomo
and so let's do it now I don't think
that's going to happen because we're a
little too close to the convention and
it would look like the entire oh it
would look like the entire Democratic
nomination process was a sham it'd be
one thing to argue it out on the floor
of a lot of three if it will even be a
physical convention but let's say there
is it would be one thing to argue it out
among their members on the floor because
that would feel like a process of some
sort even if you didn't get your way
you'd feel like all right you know the
people who care the most in my party
they all went to one place or they were
online or they do it they argue they
worked it out they negotiated well at
least it's a process you know I don't
love the outcome but at least you know
and I see how it happened and got a
little bit of visibility okay I can live
with it but if they replace them before
that
if they found some you know clever way
to say hey Joe just say you're not
feeling good and and we'll just slot
somebody in there right away
I don't think they could do it before
because as long as he's still able to
appear in public and put three words
together they don't even have to make
sense and we've seen that right he
doesn't even have to he literally
doesn't even have to make sense when he
talks and the Democrats are still
willing to say yeah that's okay yeah
well let this play out a little bit I
got I would love to know what they're
thinking you know the the just
mainstream Democrats who don't want
anything except what's good for the
country and they just want they just
want a credible candidate to be able to
vote for them and they're looking at
what their parties serve them up has
their choice it's got to be terribly
frustrating so I wonder about that
internal process but here's my so here's
my prediction based on what is most has
the least friction so here's the least
friction way to go Joe Biden picks maybe
even early before the convention picks a
vice presidential running mate because
if he assumes he's going to get the
nomination he could sort of
presumptively say let's get this out of
the way give you voters a little comfort
about what's coming I'll just pick my
view vice president I think at that
point whoever that vice presidential
pick is assuming is somebody you could
reasonably see as qualified to be
president that Joe Biden could then just
go through the go through the charade of
running for office but voters would say
we're sort of item voting for the vice
president you know in our minds that's
really who we're voting for
so it feels like and then maybe sometime
between now and the convention it
wouldn't be so hard to flip the party
and say hey let's let's take the vice
president put the vice president pick at
the top because the vice president was
after all picked by the person who had
the most votes
and then maybe you could let you know
let Joe Biden slide off and say he's not
feeling well and you know it's all very
elegant so I think it's gonna be the
vice presidents switcheroo would be the
least friction the way for the Democrats
to get what they want which is somebody
else at the top of the ticket so that's
my prediction
all right let me ask you this uh-huh if
China believes that the wet markets were
actually the source of the corona virus
would that keep them open now there
might be something about China that I
don't understand I'm sure there are lots
of things about China I don't understand
but on a risk/reward basis if you look
at the entire GDP of China how much of
the entire GDP of China would be
represented by the economic activity of
the wet markets 1% 0.0001 percent there
can't possibly be any serious economic
impact of keeping the wet markets opened
but the you know the at least in terms
of the upside gain of making money it
can't be that much money involved how
bigger these web markets I mean I don't
know enough about the area but it can't
be that big right and but the risk of
keeping them open is so well understood
because if this is indeed the second
time that something came down in that
same environment this time closing down
the economies of the world is there any
argument that China could make for
keeping them open well let's put it this
way suppose we went to China and we said
hey China here's the deal we're just
going to decouple and move everything
home and stop training with you because
we need to completely close travel
because we can't have any kind of
physical connection to a country that
has wet markets because they're too
risky for the other countries what would
China say would they say oh okay we
don't want to lose our whole economy so
we'll just close these wet markets so
here's my question
is China not signaling to the world that
they don't believe the wet markets were
the problem because you can't do these
two things that they've done which is
say oh yeah the problem that almost you
know killed millions of people and did
kill I don't know hundreds of thousands
when it's all done you can't say we're
gonna keep it open if you think that's
what the problem was through it no yeah
and somebody saying in the comments it's
a cultural thing
maybe maybe what I don't understand is
the cultural importance but the Chinese
Communist Party is pretty cold-blooded
engineering efficiency and there's
nothing that I could imagine where these
cold-blooded engineering efficient
technocrats are gonna let are going to
risk trillions of dollars again for what
would be the smallest economic benefit
of these little wet markets that can't
possibly be a good idea so I think China
is basically signaled that they are not
willing to be a credible partner in the
world they there's there's a line below
which if you're below the line of
credibility
you just can't work with those people
you know you have to just make a choice
and say you know nothing personal but we
can't work with that whatever whatever
you're doing over there it's nothing
personal but we can't we can't expose
ourselves to that risk anymore so we
have to do what we need to do so I love
this comment from Lauren Pesce I think
from some other country on Twitter
dropped into my comments to mock me
because I was making some comments about
the models that the same kind of
comments I was just making here as
making on Twitter and Lauren goes in to
say and it's better if I say it in the
mocking tone that thing when a guy who
draws a cartoon thinks he knows more
than epidemiologists or people who can
pronounce that word I guess
epidemiologists about modeling
infections do
these Fred hahaha look at the cartoonist
that guy who draws the cartoon thinks he
knows more than epidemiologist about
modeling infectious diseases oh it is
too laughs how is silly that the
cartoonist thinks he knows more than all
the expert doctors in the world well you
know Lauren that would not look like
such an ignorant comment if it didn't
happen this week this was the week in
which all of the medical experts in the
world finally said yeah the cartoonist
was right now they didn't use those
words but who was it who told you face
mask really do work for lay people when
CDC and WHO and the Surgeon General and
doctor foul she told you they don't
it was the cartoonist there was the
cartoonist that was also many of you
because common sense got you too they in
the same place but Lauren if your point
is that the cartoonist cannot have an
opinion which is superior to all of the
experts in the world I don't think
you're paying attention because I just
did that in public I did it aggressively
in public I disagreed with all the
experts in public shamelessly and we
know because all the experts have now
said yeah yeah you're right
cartoonist guy they didn't of course
refer to me but they've all come around
to my point of view am i right
yes I am so well let me say this and how
about the experts how about the medical
experts who told you that
because we don't know exactly the
hydroxyl chloroquine test results that
you shouldn't use them right where
didn't you have experts saying we don't
have the test results so it's dangerous
so you shouldn't use the
hydroxychloroquine because it hasn't
been you know tested through
the test results the the medical experts
told you that I wasn't that the
epidemiologists and everybody else and
what did the cartoonist say the
cartoonist disagreed to that and said oh
wait a minute if these drugs have been
around so long that we know which people
have a risk and which do not for example
the people with heart problems and the
people with hypertension have a little
extra risk and we also know that it's a
long-term use risk and we're not
contemplating use it for a long term
under those conditions said the
cartoonist it's probably still a good
bet because even if it doesn't help we
can be pretty sure it doesn't hurt and
there's so much anecdotal information
that alesis suggests there's a nonzero
chance it could be helpful so on a
risk/reward basis who was right every
medical expert who told you know you
know you don't want to use this because
it's unproven or the cartoonist the
cartoonist because the medical experts
pretty much when they were already you
know undercover they were already
turning my way which is to say well we
don't know if it'll work but it's worth
a shot
on the risk/reward basis so who was
right all of the medical experts in the
world the CDC the Surgeon General were
they right was it was it the World
Health Organization that was right or
was it the cartoonist
it was the cartoonist and everybody else
who had the same opinion who was not a
medical expert right it was President
Trump his president Trump's stupid old
dumb old president Trump who doesn't
believe in science was his opinion about
hydroxychloroquine superior to what was
coming from the top medical experts yes
yes it was we can see that plainly
because both the medical experts and
Trump exactly agreed then it's unproven
it would be better if it were proven
there's some anecdotal evidence that
works but that's not a guarantee but the
risk reward is still worth it that came
from the president
that didn't come from the medical
community that came from a cartoonist it
didn't come from the medical community
but now what is the medical community
coming around to oh yeah that was more
about shortages yeah we knew that we
knew it was about shortages we knew you
were lying we knew that you were being
irrational for whatever that reason was
to prevent the shortages in the hoarding
but Lauren Lauren + Co any other year it
would be reasonable for you to say oh
yeah let's believe the cartoonist not
the medical experts let's believe the
cartoonist that makes sense yeah that
makes sense
any other year that would have been a
reasonable mocking thing to say but
you're saying it right in the middle of
me proving in public that my opinions
are superior to the medical
professionals now do you need another
example how about the example where I'm
the only one who said that the low
number is going to be below the models
did I not as not being an epidemiologist
and not being a biologist and not being
a medical expert was I not loudly and
publicly saying that I believed the
numbers would come in well under the
bottom estimate who was right all of the
experts in the world or the cartoonist
who was right the cartoonist or the
experts
Noren so at least pay a little bit of
attention who is being right okay I
totally get the you should not ignore
experts even I don't ignore experts as
much as I complain about it even I take
experts as the first you know that's the
first position and if you're gonna
deviate from what the experts are saying
you have a good reason you're gonna need
a pretty good reason if you're gonna
disagree with a consensus of experts but
I show my work you can decide all right
Wow I think I've beat that to death
here's another example of loser think
from Rachel Maddow
so she was responding to the Attorney
General had a tweet about you know about
America needing to get back to work
alright so the Attorney General was
making sort of a general statement about
we need to get back to work he was not
putting a day on it he was not saying
let's forget about the people who will
die because he wasn't saying that he was
making a general universally true
statement that we would all like to get
back to work no real detail Rachel
Maddow decides to mock him for that
universally true statement that
everybody agrees on and she says that
this way in her tweet more than 40,000
Americans have already died one American
died every 45 seconds today but sure mr.
Attorney General
yep go on yeah go on about this get back
to work
here's the loser think it's one variable
thinking if the only variable we had to
worry about is how many people were
dying well I'd say good back to work or
how many people are dying specifically
from the coronavirus then Rachel Maddow
would have a world-class excellent
opinion here and it would be the sort of
thing she should be proud to show to the
world but if you're in a situation that
has many variables and you've got the
economic you know pain and death that
comes with that and you've got the
health care coronavirus death and you've
got lots of variables that ties it all
together the psychology of the economics
the the credit the you know this world
the sea of variables and Rachel Maddow
goes in and she picks out just one of
them just one of the important variables
to mock somebody who may have considered
more than one variable if you want to
really be the champion of loser think be
the person who says only one variable
matters in a big multi variable
situation and then go in public and mock
the people who think it's a multi
variable situation if you want to if you
want to reach the peak of bad thing
King rachel maddow you have achieved the
summit all right anything else happening
I keep saying questions about dr. Shiva
and whether I agree or disagree so I
will reiterate what I said about that
dr. Shiva has a whole range of opinions
within this category of the coronavirus
stuff and I don't know which ones you
find controversial or you would like my
opinion on so if you wanted to be more
specific put it in the form of his
statement dr. Shiva says X what do you
think so I'd be happy to give you an
opinion and that but you have to narrow
it down a little bit I've I've sort of
skimmed his opinions and I didn't see
anything that far ahead of what I would
think I didn't say anything that shocked
me so I don't know what you're talking
about exactly when you're a Linda trip
story so here's one of the weird things
about my life and I notice about this
about other people as well
have you ever noticed there are some
people who for completely or at least
what it looks like to be coincidences
often find themselves to be a somehow
attached to the biggest stories in the
world never noticed that there's some
people who just go through their life
and they're not even trying to do it but
suddenly they get there's somehow
attached to or they're their brother is
doing something or or their spouse is on
something they're always just connected
to the biggest stories in the world I've
never noticed that it's like this weird
pattern that can't be explained now I
assume it's just confirmation bias and
selective memory and stuff but it's one
of those fun things about reality that
looks like that and I'm one of those
people so I observe it in others but I
observe it in myself as well that the
number of times I'm connected to a major
story this is sort of weird and the
Linda Tripp one is one of those examples
so yeah and there's no importance to
this story it's just an interesting
connection
so Linda Tripp if you remember she she
had her knowledge about what Monica
Lewinsky was up to and she didn't know
what to do with it as she sought advice
now here's the interesting part the
person she sought advice from was a book
editor yeah a publishing editor kind of
person and that publishing editor kind
of person
I happen to know so I actually know the
new she's I think she's passed away but
I knew the the woman the agent that
Linda Tripp went to and that agent told
her to make her or her story public all
right so that's the part of the story
you know that Linda Tripp had some
information she got some advice from a
publisher publisher said yeah you should
take that public here's the part you
don't know the person who gave her that
advice was a huge anti-clinton person so
the advice was not unbiased it was just
pure political advice to take down a
president yes it was a Jonah Goldberg's
mother that is correct
now Jonah Goldberg's mother who gave
Linda Tripp the advice was married to
the I believe the senior vice president
of my cartoons syndication company and
so I knew well the husband because I you
know worked with him as part of my
cartooning so I knew well the the guy
who was married to the woman who gave
the advice and and those two people are
the parents of Jonah Goldberg who I met
at an event during those times so
there's there's no real point to the
story except the number of times I find
myself you know connected to a story and
then you know time goes by and most of
you know that Jake Tapper and I did a
thing where Jake is also a cartoonist
and Jake drew a week of Dilbert comics
that we use for a charity for wounded
veterans and so we did that twice so so
I have you know this sort of you
working professional connection with
Jake Tapper who also dated Monica
Lewinsky
so in this weird way I'm just minding my
own business over in my life
and I've got you know two separate
connections this whole Monica Lewinsky
story
I mean how random is that it's not even
six degrees it's likely you know one
degree or is it to like however you
count that all right dr. Shiva somebody
says does not believe HIV causes AIDS
well I don't know about anything in that
topic but that's not what you were
asking me about dr. Shiva you know and
by the way that's not a secret or
anything Jake is actually published I
think at least one article in which he
in which he talked favorably about
Monica just being a good person and by
the way as far as I can tell you know
we've had a long time to observe Monica
Lewinsky in the public eye and I think
we can say she was a good person that
that's my observation she looks like a
good person she was in there she was in
a difficult situation but she just seems
like a good person to me all right
the prediction on when California will
relax its stuff well I don't think
anybody's made a decision but here's
what I did today to try to move the ball
forward so I tweeted today that I think
we should get back to work
whenever the experts can tell us that
doing so would keep the death count from
coronavirus specifically below 50,000
now here's why I'm doing it there's
having spent many years doing
predictions and estimating things and
doing budgets the sort of thing one of
the things I learned is that you can
often estimate the cost of something or
the price that somebody would be willing
to
without knowing any information about
the topic now you say to yourself well
sky how's that possible
how could you reasonably estimate what
somebody who would pay for something if
you had very little information about
those people what they want what the
what the item is and I would say you
need to know something about it but
here's how you can make predictions
without knowing much about anything it
goes like this
where you would feel comfortable is
probably not that far off from where
other people would feel comfortable so
for example if somebody came to you and
said I've developed this new product
it's a it's a blank and it has these
functions and you want it because of
this reason doesn't matter what it is
and you look at it and you say ok what
would you pay for this and so I hold it
in my hands and I look at all the
features and I figure out what it would
do for me and I say to myself I would
pay I don't know 50 bucks and what you
would find is that you could do this
experiment all over the country you'd
probably have to keep it within a
country but you'd say okay hold this
product tell me what you would pay for
it
and people are saying I don't know 60
bucks but you're gonna find out they
don't say a thousand and they don't say
two dollars people people have for just
psychological reasons for bias reasons
for irrational reasons we tend to
gravitate toward the same perceived
price of things there's no reason for it
it's not based on being smart it's just
a phenomena which I have you know I've
observed over the years so I believe
that people will also gravitate toward
50,000 for the following reasons
50,000 tends to be sort of a weird
cutoff in our experience of life 50,000
is sort of the number of people who died
in Vietnam and we say that was too many
50,000 is roughly in that neighborhood
of how many people die from guns 50,000
is sort of where people are dying from
automobile accidents 50,000 is sort of
where the overdose
the numbers are now you know it's in the
$30 thousand but I'm just saying fifty
thousand is that range right fifty
thousand has taken a a psychological and
emotional meaning for us this is a
hypothesis right so there I can't point
any science behind this so don't take it
too seriously I put it down as a
hypothesis maybe we'll see if something
happens this way we'll never know if
it's because of this but so here's the
basic idea
yeah and the flu somebody says in the
comments the average flu kills in the
range of you know give or take fifty
thousand so I believe that in our minds
there is a magic number which we accept
in the United States as too much and
then below that that's like well I will
accept up to fifty thousand deaths
because I need a car you know that
society needs transportation I will
accept fifty thousand deaths from
illegal drugs overdoses because the
alternative is what you know closing all
the borders and not accepting mail from
other countries and you know so they say
well given the trade-offs I'll accept
that so I'm gonna continue to put out
the fifty thousand number and by the way
I heard Lindsey Graham use the same
number I don't know it's possible they
heard it from somebody already for me
but I think it's more likely that they
he came up with the same number I think
the most likely scenario is that Lindsey
Graham did the same thing I'm doing
right now which is okay just if I had to
think about it as a just a citizen where
would I be comfortable to get the
economy back knowing that X number of
people will die what is X
what's my X and he said fifty thousand
the more of us who can say that the more
fifty thousand becomes a thing and even
and even it could be we're debating
whether it should be above her above or
below fifty thousand as long as that
number gets in her head then we've got
something we can tell our experts
hey experts
we know you can't be that accurate but
give us your best you know estimate of
when we can go back to work and under
what conditions that will keep us under
this psychologically important level of
50,000 and I think that makes so this is
the what I call the the drug dealers
trick where you find a way that you're
both psychologically happy even if you
don't know you've made the right
decision so we need to be as a society
we need to be psychologically
comfortable with whatever we decide but
also completely aware that we can't know
what's the best thing to do it's just
not knowable you can take a guess and
you can adjust as you go but you got to
be comfortable or you're not going to
get off the the first square and I think
to do that we need to float the number
50,000 and just wrestle with it all for
a while until that but that number
becomes something we feel is comfortable
I see a very insightful comment this is
somebody says too low too low you're
saying too low because it won't get us
back to work well I think that we can
get to 50,000 and I think we can get
there simply by keeping old people
locked up and doing a better job you
know here's an idea that here's an idea
that nobody's talked about suppose you
had only one now let's say you had two
tests and you had two extended families
so there were two you know families that
had from children to parents and let's
say one grandparent is living in the
home and there are the two of these
situations two households have a
grandparent there you only have two
tests available what's the best thing
you can do if you have two tests you
test the two grandparents of the two
different households and then you put
the grandparents in the same house and
you have the young people move over and
double up in the house that has the
young people in it so then you've got
the two tested grandparents so you just
say well nobody's coming into this house
for six months you know we're going to
shove pizzas under the door
but nobody's coming in the house you
guys have tested your good you just live
in this house and the rest of us will
live with the low risk people no I don't
know how often things like that would
happen I use that as an extreme example
to say that we have not exhausted the
cleverness that we can apply so if the
government said right now our models say
that we're still going to be at 60,000
but I don't think our cleverness has
been expired we have not gotten the
bottom of the well of our cleverness so
even though our models are still saying
60,000 we feel comfortable saying that
human ingenuity can get us below 50,000
so I think our experts have plenty of
ability to say yeah this is this is the
time and this is the way and they could
also say going to work without masks
won't get you under 50,000 going to work
with masks with hydroxychloroquine once
we know a little bit more about the
effectiveness so they could they could
give us a prescription that is
effectively a checklist I created a
checklist for you but they could create
a better one that says all right if you
meet these criteria yeah you're good to
go
and I think they could keep it under
50,000 so these are the things I'll be
pushing the most the number of 50,000 a
checklist so our experts can tell us you
know whether we're on the list to go
back first and then a decision on the
end of the month if you can give me
those things plus plus some confidence
that we're not going to run out of
ventilators and stuff and I think we're
getting close to that then I feel like
we have something that looks like a plan
and I would be very proud of living in
the country that could get us to that
point actually if we can get to the
point where we've got a number that
we're managing to and we've got a
checklist where we can all say yes yes
that applies you know no no science need
it either I have a mask and I'm going to
wear it or I don't check checked that's
a plan so let's get to that point all
right that's all I got for today I will
talk to you
tonight you know man 10:00 p.m. Eastern
Time 7:00 p.m. Pacific and I will see
you then