boom boom hey everybody
yes my sound is different today I'm
using a different device a little
technical difficulty that's why I'm late
so I'm not using my microphone I'm just
using the built-in microphone so your
sound quality will be a little bit
depressed today sorry about that but
it's still gonna be an amazing day a
great day really and it all starts with
a little thing called the simultaneous
set and it's coming at you now all you
need is a cup or a mug her glasses time
to tell us Integra there's plastic and
even rail a goblet a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and then join me for the
unparalleled pleasure of this
simultaneous it go ah
sublime okay sorry
sorry I worried you my iPad was an of
juice and I didn't realize it until 7 it
was time to go or 10 a.m. for you East
Coast people alright let's talk about
some things in the news so you you're
all aware I think most of your work I'm
doing a week of guests I've got a guest
cartoonist for a week for Dilbert and
Jake Tapper of CNN who drew Dober all
this week we're gonna put together his
original art so both signed it frame it
and we will auction those off for a very
very worthy cause homes for our troops
and you can see my pinned tweet to see
how to bid on the auction and I hope
there's some of you do is for the what
the homes for our troops to do is they
they provide and they help facilitate a
housing for the most seriously wounded
vets so the people who have physical
issues
make housing a little more extra
difficult so it's probably one of the
most worthy types of charities you'll
ever see
now I would also like to announce that
after this I'm gonna I'm going to
complete this week we'll work through
the charity and I hope we raise as much
money as possible but I decided to
discontinue any kind of public charity
in the future because it became obvious
that it's just toxic in my case now your
your experience might differ but in our
current situation that's highly
politicized simply giving my own time
and money away to worthy causes creates
this weird pushback where people who are
just deeply broken just a lot of broken
people in the world come out of crawl
out of every Rock and I'm watching
myself being accused of being a
Holocaust a Holocaust denier this is
this all just happened in the last 24
hours a Holocaust denier people saying
that I'm Pro rape and alleging that they
can point to something that actually
says that they can't obviously and a
number of other things that are so
horrible that I'm not even gonna mention
there's some things that are worse than
those things you can imagine so you know
I did an experiment recently in which I
I was working with Bill pulled egg and
they gave some of his money as an
experiment to mr. Gomez who's one of the
best teachers I've ever experienced I
was teaching in the LA area and what
part of the experiment was I want to see
specifically if I could do it in a way
that was a mutually beneficial model in
other words that the give room would
guess something the giver and this
experiment was me and then the recipient
would get something in that case a
thousand dollars to buy his school
supplies etc and my hypothesis was where
I guess my that's the wrong word but the
the operating assumption was that if you
could create a charity model where
everyone wins
not just the recipients but the givers
there's something that they get you know
that makes the experience worth doing
that they would do more up because more
charity is better than less charity what
happened instead and I was actually kind
of surprised is that the experience for
the giver was so monumentally negative
that I would just never do it again and
if you look at if you look through my
Twitter feed you could see what I'm
talking about
it was so toxic that the giver is
actually talked out of it so I know
their people are gonna say don't let the
trolls win but you have to also be smart
right but charity doesn't work if the
giver is is if the give if the giver is
crucified that's not a model that you
want to promote so I'm gonna take myself
out of the game the trolls have won we
went when I was working with Bill pulled
a they were pretty sure that I was part
of the grifter data mining scam and now
almost every time that I do anything
online some troll comes in and says well
don't buy his book because he's a he's a
charity grifter and now that would just
like followed me a forever as if it's
some kind of fact none of that happened
right there was no data mining there
wasn't there were no tricks it was
literally just bill pulled a who is a
friend we've we've talked to countless
times we were even messaging this
morning I think Bill's on the on the
periscope right now I can tell you with
complete certainty that he's just doing
it for good reasons like he's trying to
make the world a better place he's
reached that point in his life where he
got everything he needed
like literally his life was kind of
complete it's pretty good he's just
trying to help other people now anyway
the the the toxicity of that was
amazing now my case the toxicity is sort
of multiplied because we're in a a scalp
gathering mode as we approach twenty
twenty everything is about scalps so
you'll see all of the you seeing it on
both sides you've seen you know
reporters and Democrats and stuff being
singled out for destruction you know so
people are both sides of the political
spectrum are trying to get as many
scalps as they can and even charity is
fair game apparently yeah I can
literally be giving away my time and
money to a worthy cause
and at it and then back it turns into
the worst experience you'll ever have
I've never had less faith in humanity
than I do right now I swear to God I
woke up this morning thinking well what
if climate change does kill us all maybe
we had to come that's a little bit of an
exaggeration anyway so now I'm gonna be
fully participant participating in the
the auction so I'm not discontinuing any
that that's that's something that's
going to be taking to completion so if
you'd like to bid on any of that art I'm
getting it framed right now that I'll
have Jake sign it and I'll sign it and
it's gonna look pretty cool you like it
on your wall so nice little keepsake but
charity didn't work in my case so I've
got to retire from it public charity
obviously I'll I'll still be try to be
as much a positive force as I can and
anything I give will be private because
the world is just the worst place than I
ever imagined the people in the world
are just worse than ever imagine let me
give you a specific example speaking of
bad people so Nick let's be you know him
from reason.com
no reason as the name applies they're
not trying to be political they're not
Democrats they're
silicon's they are simply taking a place
of well where does reason taking
literally trying to use reason as the as
the platform for deciding what we should
or should not do now that makes them a
little unusual right you know the people
who say hey how about I'll just not take
sides water and I look at the facts so
that's what reasoned coms about so Nick
Gillespie is that the famous voice of
reason calm and I've done I've done a
little work with Nick did some speaking
so so I know him personally from from
just that but Nick was retweeting my
blog post which was the letters letters
to the it was a letter to the children
about climate change I'll talk about
that a little bit so here I write this
blog post which is literally intended to
do nothing but make children feel better
alright so that so that's the point I
wrote a blog post to make children feel
less afraid because this this eco
anxiety thing is actually a real thing
that's a real thing either you know that
the reports yesterday was that kids are
having actual literal mental issues
because adults are telling them that the
world is going to be destroyed that's a
real thing and by the way I could relate
to it because when I was a kid my
generation we're told that there was a
pretty high likelihood we would die in a
nuclear war I had my parents built a
bomb shelter in my house I grew up in a
house with a bomb shelter in the
basement by the way I think my siblings
might remember that differently but I
remember being told it was a bomb
shelter even if it wasn't and it wasn't
the guy in the bomb shelter that would
protect you in a nuclear attack but my
father wasn't so good at science so
anyway so I can relate to it so I write
this blog post whose only intention is
to inform children that there's a lot
going on
to remediate the problem and it's
probably not as big as they think it is
and that humans are pretty good at
solving these things and we're well on
the way with nuclear with technology
that can scrub it into the air it's too
expensive but we could get it done if we
needed to etc so nothing but trying to
make the world a better place trying to
help some kids that's it that's my whole
the whole thing all right
so Niklas be tweets this and true to his
let's say the reason dot-com philosophy
if you will
he preface it preface it by telling his
audience that I'm not a political
partisan now he miss cabin he
miscategorized me a bit which is worth
noting so he said that I'm pro-choice
which is not exactly correct
what I am is pro me staying out of the
whole conversation about abortion
because I don't think I had anything as
a man and whatever women decide I'm
gonna go along with that so it's not
that I'm a pro-choice it's more than I'm
pro-democracy and my own value
personally is not additive to that
conversation it's subtractive so to be
additive I would like to boost the
signal of whatever women as a majority
or whichever way it goes so just
correcting the record on that he also
called me an atheist which I used to be
but with a simulation theory being so
promising I would have to say I'm back
into the category oh I don't know
whatever that is whatever it is if you
think the simulation hypothesis is the
strongest one but that's that Tom Arnold
who weighs him about me I'm just minding
my own business I wake up in the morning
and Tom Arnold was on me like what the
hell
how does Tom Arnold even know who I am
and so he responds to Nick less
sweet and remember Nicholas B's tweeted
saying you know he's sort of that
non-typical political voice so basically
telling his readers not to make him
assumption about what side I'm on and
just read that read the piece Tom Arnold
unhealthily adds this comment to Nicolas
B's tweet he says quote he's a drunk guy
- dude he's a Trump guy talking about me
now how do you interpret that he is a
Trump guy doesn't that sort of mean I
should be discounted now what does it
mean to be a Trump guy I definitely
support the president but guess what Tom
Arnold I also supported all the other
presidents Democrats once somebody is
president I pretty much always support
them and I don't think that's gonna
change with the next president where do
we get another president whoever that is
whatever party they are should that
president say hey Scott can he help us
out I'm not gonna say no I mean it
depends what it is
obviously but you know I'm always
supportive of the president once are a
great country votes for somebody and
puts them in place and if they're not
you know if they're not breaking the law
in any way that I care about what I'm
not talking about trivial things but if
they're not doing anything egregious and
they're doing the people's work and the
economy is something along I'm gonna be
pretty supportive it doesn't matter what
part of Europe all right that's it I
replied to Tom Arnold who said about me
he's a Trump guy dude he's a Trump guy
trying to dismiss my opinions with that
and that's weighted back at him and I
said here's a good example of everything
wrong with the world and one person and
that really is everything that's wrong
with the world with the world in one
person Tom Arnold managed to synthesize
everything bad about human beings in one
tweet about me and what it was
I mean is that he only favored the team
element of it if all the mattered was
who I was associated with I don't want
to live in that world do you do you want
to live in the world where you are
limited by somebody you've said is doing
a good job like should that limit your
voice your credibility your anything Tom
Arnold is an example of everything
that's wrong with the world because
imagine imagine the world differently if
there were no Tom Arnold type people
being terrible all the time
I would have definitely listened to Tom
Arnold's argument about anything in fact
if he had a point about a topic I would
invite him on the show I mean I would
have another guest and I think you know
I would give him time to talk and and
fully express his opinion I'm all good
with different opinions I'm all good
with me being wrong and somebody's
showing it in public and then I say well
good job showed me wrong let me change
my mind right here in public I'm pretty
flexible about ideas and being
productive even if they're not exactly
the way I would have gone but as soon as
you try to condense all the complication
in the world into he's a trump dude then
oh he said he's a Trump guy like that
that that should define me that should
limit what I can and cannot do per Tom
Arnold so when I said here's a good
example of everything wrong with the
world in one person Tom Arnold then
tweeted back and I quote haha nice try
boys yesterday you'd be best I don't
know exactly what that meant but
apparently decided to bow under that
conversation let's talk about something
else
and on CNN
Stefan Stefan Collinson who was one of
their opinion people a big anti-trump er
he wrote this as part of a larger piece
quote the storm over Trump's a
self-admitted call for Ukraine's
President to investigate his potential
2020 election fo Joe Biden may turn out
to be his most perilous political
scandal this might be his most perilous
political scandal to which I say if that
were my most perilous political scandal
I'd be pretty happy about that that's it
that the most perilous political scandal
is a phone call he made in front of lots
of witnesses doing the job of the
President breaking no rules breaking no
laws completely within his job
description and protecting American
elections which is you know part of his
job description if that turns out to be
he has a most perilous political scandal
that would be pretty pretty good
birthday good let me say all right so
referred to earlier to my blog post I
wrote on so I wrote a blog post you can
see it in my Twitter feed somewhere near
the top should probably be in the top
ten at this point it's getting pushed
down a little bit but it looks like it's
covering the semi viral which is good
and what people are saying is that well
a lot of people saying that's the best
thing ever written is it's wonderful
when they're tweeting it around and I
like all that but I think that I
accidentally wrote something for adults
by trying to write something for
children because what I was trying to do
is break down the situation climate
change was
the topic and the risks of it into the
simplest you know quick statements about
a number of topics from you know the new
technology being less risky to you know
it's not a big problem with waste to
economics and stuff I tried to keep it
as simple as possible but there is sort
of a natural limit to how simple you can
get on that kind of a topic you know you
can simplify to the point of being
ridiculous and nobody learns anything so
I simplified as much as I could trying
to make it sort of a 14 and older thing
but not every 14-year old sort of the
the Greta Sundberg type of you know
fourteen and over in the sense that
she's part of the I assume one of the
smarter kids so I was trying to write
something for the smarter kids and maybe
something that the adults could read to
them but I think I missed my mark
because a lot of adults were were noting
that it seemed perfect for them so
that's a good lesson there's there's no
limit to how simple you can make writing
well there's a lemon-thyme you could
simplify it to the point where it's just
inaccurate but just simpler is better
it's just there there's just is no way
around that when it comes to writing if
you can simplify it without losing its
point do it now you may know that I have
largely avoided tweeting and talking
about sixteen year old Greta Sundberg
who's now world famous as a climate
change advocate now partly because and
she's again and just I'm an adult and I
just don't feel comfortable talking
about a candidate especially in this
context because I wouldn't be able to
criticize her in the normal way you
criticize an adult and therefore it's
just not productive to bring her into
the conversation
secondly I didn't realize until just
this morning that she's talked publicly
about her Asperger's and has noted that
she considers had sort of a superpower
because one of the aspects of that is
allows you to dig more deeply into a
topic which she stopped now I probably
have more experience with non and
neurotypical folks Asperger's being the
more common name for that then most
people probably a solid 20 percent of my
fan base is on the spectrum somewhere
when I go to do events I am surrounded
by non neurotypical people and I love
them
I absolutely love the the Asperger's the
non neurotypical people trust me when I
say that it's a community which I have
to have special affection for because
they have many delightful qualities
which you cannot overlook what is that
they have a hard time telling a lie if
you're on the spectrum if you're like
Greta you have Asperger's you're non
neurotypical I think I prefer that I
like the neurotypical for you know the
common folks people like me and I like
non neurotypical for the for that
community just I don't know I just like
that term better but they do have some
superpowers so when she talks about that
that's not that's not even an
exaggeration compared to us her ability
to dig deep and concentrate it's
probably pretty awesome
likewise they have a quality which they
tend to be brutally honest just brutally
honest I like that I mean it can be
painful can be a challenge but I kinda
like it right you know there's something
you can respect about that so I'm a big
fan of the non neurotypical environment
who and to be fair they're big fans of
Dilbert quite often and so it's a it's a
mutual love
so I have a special affection for Greta
than many of you do not share um so let
me start with it so I have an affection
for her because she's a child she means
well and I believe that everything that
she says partly because of the sorry non
neurotypical element
I believe she's an honest player now
honest doesn't me right of course but
she is I believe that it's almost
incapable for her to be dishonest
because that's part of her super pillar
but uh but let me complete the thought
here because she's you know like a like
a lawyer at trial she has introduced
this variable into the topic it's not
anything I would have ever introduced
into a topic but she did and quite
rightfully calls it a superpower so as
long as we keep her heads on straight I
think we can talk honestly about this
because she does and I think that's
that's fair she would probably
appreciate it but here's the thing that
has to be said Greta is not a scientist
she is a person who has done a lot of
reading and she has developed a point of
view that is not so much based on the
science she's done because she hasn't
done science but rather her ability to
trust some people over others and one of
the elements of being non neurotypical
is a little extra difficulty reading
people that's almost you know it's very
much part of the definition of what it's
like to be non neurotypical because the
neurotypical z-- can look at other
neurotypical z-- and say well you're
probably thinking and acting the way i
would so that gives you a little insight
you're like well you know if I would
have flinched
then I see you flinching that probably
means something if I would have grimace
then and I see you grimace that probably
means something because I would if I
were to grimacing you know and I see
that grimace so the it has to be said it
just has to be said it because it's now
introduced into evidence this is nothing
I would have talked about except that
it's already introduced into our
conversation but there are two things
you don't want to rely on when you're
trying to tell who's telling the truth
and who's credible
on climate change number one would be a
child right we were all children we can
all compare how much we knew when we
were 16 to how much we know now it's not
the same is it sixteen year olds have
partially developed brains all of them
I'm not talking about Greta talking
about all children scientifically
conclusively they have undeveloped
brains so the first thing you should not
pay attention to is someone whose
science has conclusively there's no
question about this there's nobody on
the other side of what I'm going to say
their brains are partially developed
secondly if the specific problem is
you're trying to figure out which group
of disagreeing people to believe I'm not
sure you want to go with the non
neurotypical opinion on that because the
non neurotypical should just by
definition of what that means to be non
neurotypical here I'm not I don't mean
this is an insult to remember I have
great affection for this community as
their big tend to be the big Dilbert
fans and I love them a lot spend tons of
time with non zero two non neurotypical
people and I can say I enjoy it pretty
much every time you have to say and I
think the community would say this of
themselves that one of their challenges
is reading people
so they can't tell when you're lying as
well
they would like to and they they're a
little bit you know a little bit to
distrust all the things that they should
not be distrustful of because they're
they're just that's the one thing where
they're superpower doesn't work it's
sort of like their kryptonite so I would
agree with Greta who says it's like she
has a superpower with her s triggers
that's that's a real thing I believe
that her power to concentrate and focus
is really as powerful and I I'm glad she
recognizes it and uses it but I'll just
put that out there all right Kyle Bass
who is a big anti-china guy that I
follow and you should too because it's a
real interesting voice on China's
badness he used that hashtag today well
I'll tell you why first he showed a
video which appears to show China
with hundreds of weaker minority folks
who have their hands bound and their
heads covered sitting in rows and being
led off the camps think about this
hundreds and hundred it's an actual
video I and it looks real I mean you
can't trust even video these days but
you know my judgment is is probably more
real than not and it looks like an
actual Nazi roundup now we in America I
like to call everybody a Nazi in fact
little Greta was being compared to a
Nazi online because she has pigtails and
there was some Nazi icons at pigtails
and totally unfair totally unfair you
know just like I I rail against people
saying that Trump is Hitler because it
just minimizes what a Hitler is alright
it's not even close right
likewise if there's something about
Hitler that reminds you of Greta that's
not fair
lettin we keep you know Hitler out of
normal
conversation but I'm gonna make an
exception for China if you are literally
rounding up a minority and it's on video
and we can see it we don't have to guess
anymore assuming that if India was real
I think it is we're watching it we're
watching another Holocaust it's an
actual literal Holocaust now you might
say they're not killing them but they're
certainly not letting them live a free
life like a regular person
so they're they're killing him in a
sense
their hearts might still be beating but
they're basically taking their lives
away you could argue that well that's
not as bad as the Nazis well not yet but
how many of them are there yeah and then
there's a question of Oregon harvesting
I don't know much about that one doesn't
sound good so I saw this hashtag which
is hashtag China with Z is added so it
becomes shiny Nazis and I thought well
that's clever
and and so I'm watching the actual
current video of a country that we're
doing trade with who is shipping us
fentanyl and killing tens of thousands
of our people and doing nothing about it
while we're asking them to stop it doing
nothing about it at the same time we're
watching a video of them literally going
full nazi literally rounding up a
minority handcuffing them taking them to
camps trying to snuff out an entire
minority we're watching it like actually
with there's a video you know I have to
admit I've been hearing about the we
Gers and was troubled by it but when you
see it your brain just goes right you
know because as I've told you so many
times the the visual element just
completely reorient your head when
something's a concept it's easy to
ignore does
have purchased in your brain but as soon
as you put it in a picture
damn that picture again ask me it must
be demonstrated to our satisfaction that
that's a real video and we know what
we're actually seeing it's not some kind
of mistake but it's something that's
real we have to discontinue all business
with China period otherwise we're we're
just betting the Nazis and by the way
Israel step up Israel step up right you
know how long have we had Israel's back
a lot right the United States part of it
well a big part of it is because the the
Holocaust you know I guess the the idea
about the history of it the impact of it
it has a big impact on our current
situation how we see things but I think
Israel probably needs to say we know a
hill it looks like and there it is you
know the the the you've heard the saying
never again it's happening right now
never again wasn't good enough now
they're not rounding up Jews but I'll
bet they would if there were an equally
sized Jewish community in China I I
assume they're just not I just I don't
know but I assume there's not don't you
think they get rounded up yep absolutely
because they would have a belief system
that was incompatible with with the
bosses I guess now it could be the with
that the we Gers may have some Sharia
thoughts that give them a little extra
reason for the Chinese government to be
worried but they're worried cannot
justify rounding up an ethnic community
as they are so at this point I would say
if we do make a trade deal which either
we should be ashamed of it
yeah we should feel whatever so what's
the deepest level of shame that you
should or could feel I believe the
deepest level of shame would be to let
the Holocaust happen again right in
front of you can you think of a deeper
shame than that what reinstituting
slavery what would be a deeper shame
than doing business with a company
ascending you
fentanyl by the barrel killing tens of
thousands there were people right in
front of us they're not even pretending
to stop it anymore
at the same time they're going a full
Holocaust we're going to trade with them
seriously would you would you ever buy
another Chinese product if you do how to
avoid it
alright so I'm gonna press again we need
to have a law absolutely requiring at
least Amazon maybe you know Walmart and
something at least the big companies we
need to be able to label their products
so that we know what is coming from the
Holocaust regime China is a Holocaust
regime now like I I'm just gonna say it
they've gone full Holocaust right in
front of us right under you right under
your nose and now we've got actual video
of it so you can't pretend anymore you
know you can't put it off anymore we can
no longer do business with China I don't
support any trade deal period under
their current conditions all right let
me tell you about really really really
bad customer service you know every
company has these customer loyalty
programs and sometimes they just help
you you know the company gets something
from it they get your data your purchase
data does they contract you you don't
care because it helps it helps you you
get discounts everybody wins
but I'm gonna call out one company that
has the most abusive customer program
I've ever seen that CVS
now CVS is a enormous good it's one of
the biggest companies in the country
with their drugstore product now the
truck the stores themselves are
excellent the employees seem seem good
so I'd say a good product good store
employee is great so I have lots of good
things to say about CVS and I frequent
them often but they have a customer
loyalty program that is designed it
seems to screw the customer and I can't
leave that store without being incentive
incensed a hundred percent of the times
I shop at CVS unhappy I got my little
products and by the time I'm walking out
the door I'm fuming with hatred of them
because of their customer loyalty
program they have a customer loyalty
program that makes me hate them with the
heat of a thousand suns here's why I've
been going in there for years and when I
pay they'll give me a receipt and this
is not an exaggeration that's six feet
long meaning that I could hold it you
know way above my head and it would
reach the floor there is enough text on
it with potential discounts if you buy
this $2 off etcetera
that you don't want to throw it away
because it actually has monetary value
but there isn't really any where you can
store it and you don't want to spend
time looking through it okay here's the
one and clipping it out which I tried to
do for a week just as an experiment I
tried to see if I could comply with
their customer service method and get a
good result
so Christina and I would like go through
them we'd find the little one that's
like the $2 off now I know what you're
saying I don't need $2 off right that's
not the point the point is how it makes
me feel as a customer now they've given
me this little piece of paper than if I
cut it off so I now have to go home and
do work right I'm like using scissors
and cutting it off now I have to store
it
then I have to remember to bring it to
the store and where do you store this
little little ripped off piece of paper
and what about all the other discounts
that I could have used if I buy Visine
that's you know that was one of the
things and I buy some soap that was
another discount do I do I put a
three-ring binder together so that I'll
remember all my discounts and then leave
it in my car just in case I go to CVS so
I tried this new plan of trying to
comply trying to comply with their
program so I could get those discounts
five trips in a row I walked past the
clip town discounts then we're sitting
in my garage so I would not forget them
walk past them got my car drove to CVS
and then flew into a rage because I was
paying more than I needed to because my
coupons were left at home five times in
a row because I'm not going to keep them
in my car and I can't remember to pick
them up so I have this just fuming rage
a CVS because of their their system so
they made the mistake of sending me
emails after my last several purchases
asking me for my opinion on their
customer service so who I took a few
minutes to give them my opinion on their
customer service now to their credit
they I got a response
so yesterday their customer service
people wrote back very I say promptly
professionally again full credit to that
group so whoever wrote back to me good
job and actually offered a specific
suggestion and then also offer to talk
to me so I I did email back and I'm
going to talk to them today if we
connect don't know if we'll connect yet
but um and then she suggested in her
email that all I had to do was tell the
cashier to to transfer me to a digital
receipt and I said what all I have to do
was ask the cashier
to transfer me to permanent digital
receipts and then I'll have it all
digitally I'm thinking problem solved
once it's digital all of my manual
effort of scissors and remembering to
take it everything it's gone all they'll
have to do is pair my my earned
discounts because they'll know who I am
they'll know what discounts I earned
they'll pair it with my purchases BAM
perfect but why didn't they ever tell me
that right so I go into the store that
same day just to test them and I said to
the cashier and by the way there's the
other good thing that CBS is doing
several of their workers at least
locally I think are in their eighties so
they're there it seems that they're
consciously hiring senior citizens and
they're doing great work you know all of
the and I'm seriously I think about 80
you know late 70s maybe 80 years old
some of their cashiers and they're doing
great work so good for them so see me I
have a lot of good things to say about
CBS but not this and so here's here's
the kicker I say to the cashier I'd like
a digital receipt can you sign me up for
that
it was very efficiently she says yes go
sewer loan machine pushes a few buttons
and then she says with no effort
whatsoever she goes now you're on did
your receipts so you'll get an email of
your digital receipt every time every
time you buy something instead of the
paper I'm like that's great and I go and
then what do I do with them do I have to
print them out because I'm thinking okay
that only sold a little bit I'd still
have to print it down and cut it with
scissor how does that work she goes not
enough you don't have to print it out
you don't have to print it out like ah
all right all right now we're talking
she goes the email will have a link and
then you can click the link and that
will connect that those purchases to
your your account and then those
discounts will be available to you and
they said to her why is that step
necessary you know it who
so you know what I have purchased and
what I've earned in discounts you also
know exactly what I'm buying next time
though that data will all be visible at
the same time why is it I have to click
that link to make my discount effective
and so I said to her you're doing that
to make me forget right that's the whole
point of it the whole point of it is to
make me not do that to lose my
discount you absolute you I didn't
say that
those are the things I was thinking of
my head I was saying I've never been
more angry at your company CVS
you pieces of
it could not be more obvious that your
entire game is to make us not use your
goddamn discounts you're doing
it right in front of me you're doing it
in my face you're abusing me and you
have a monopoly on the goddamn
drug stores around here so I can't even
use anything else really not in a
practical way CVS owns my own goddamn
town you you
 alright
and is anybody else that does anybody
also have exactly the same feeling when
you go to CVS am I wrong
don't you have that same feeling this is
actual just customer abuse and it's so
in-your-face like they're abusing you so
so obviously I can't do anything but
have red hot hatred for their brand and
keep in mind everything else they do
it's pretty darn good the employees
lovely I've never had a bad experience
with an employee they're there their
store lay over to the products even the
prices not bad but man man their
customer abuse program they need to be
all fired I mean everybody there needs
to be fired now let's be honest the
number of discounts that people fail to
claim given the size of that company
let me put a number on it for you a
hundred million dollars a year maybe I'm
just guessing because it's a it's a
multi multi-billion dollar company how
many people like me don't bring in their
receipt and hate that company
every time it happens not the only one
let me give you the a analog to that I
used to work at the local phone company
one of our most profitable business
lines of business was people not paying
their phone bill on time because they
would be penalized so we would make it
not that easy to pay your phone bill on
time we could have made it yeah there
were some plans floated to make it a
little easier to pay your phone bill
what did we say in Pacific Bell not me
personally well we don't want to make it
that easy to pay your phone bill on time
because we make a hundred million
dollars a year on late fees and then
they still pay their phone bill because
you have to pay your phone bill you
don't want to lose your phone eventually
you get paid so I do know from the
inside that companies do sit there and
say well we don't want to make it that
easy for the customer let me give you
another one Apple you know I told you
how happy I was with apples packaging
great customer experience on unwrapping
my iPhone but they don't do everything
right have you ever tried to cancel a
subscription to an app on your iPhone
now most of you say yeah I have I just
go in there and I go into my settings
and I hit my profile and I look up
subscriptions and I look for the one and
I guess no problem how many people do
you think know how to go in and cancel
an app subscription I had to google it I
didn't know how and I've had apps that
have auto renew time after time because
I was just sort of too busy to figure
out how to cancel a subscription I
didn't think it was hard and it wasn't
you
oh I will talk to you all later