I do
bump-bump hey everybody come on in here
there's still enough room
let me move some things around bring
your chairs
gather round by now I'm sure you have
your beverage and it's time you know it
it's time for hey Mark it's time for the
simultaneous ED it's the best step of
the day here it comes
yes whoever said I need a haircut
you are right I might do that today time
to get that haircut so I don't know if
any of you saw this tweet exchange that
I just got done with let me call it up
son reading it correctly with Amy's
Siskind sis kind I'm not sure how to
pronounce it but she does not like
Donald Trump
let me tell like that and so Amy she's a
bluejack person and she tweeted this
morning people supporting Donald Trump
our country will rise from this and you
will not be remembered kindly his more
vocal and public figures will be judged
some as sycophants and others as
traitors to our democracy some are and
many more will face trial and end up in
prison
Wow Wow
and so I replied which she did not take
kindly oh let me tell you this story
before I tell you my reply so I started
to do a reply mentioning the good things
that President Trump has done and you've
periscoped with me before you know I
always mix up the name is it Joe Jackson
or Jack Johnson or or you know I always
I always get those two confused and so
I'm sitting there having my first cup of
coffee and I'm thinking Joe Jackson Jack
Johnson Johnson John Joseph check Joe
Jackson and I'm thinking to myself I
could look that up and not look like an
idiot when I when I tweet and then I
said what if it's wrong
will I get more attention or less
attention if I do it wrong so I had two
options I could do it right and nobody
would notice it'll just be a tweet or I
could do it wrong not intentionally but
just because I didn't bother to look it
up and I didn't care and if it's wrong
I'll get way more attention so I'm
sitting there with my coffee this
morning thinking yeah I could look this
up and get it right yeah so I went with
I went with Joe Jackson who I believe is
actually Shoeless Joe Jackson from from
Field of Dreams the movie you're a real
person so here was my tweets back to Amy
who believes that anybody who supported
Trump will be seen as a traitor possibly
go to jail I said will you be seeking
revenge for the strong economy the piece
was North Korea the better trade deals
the prison reform the pardon of Joe
Jackson
or the crushing of Isis I apologize for
all of that well that didn't go over
well it triggered a whole hornet's nest
hate and I think there needs to be a
name for this there it's sort of
something like a transition or a
reversal there's some kind of scientific
name that I can't come up with for this
effect but if you were to say to say to
you know an American public
hey who's being nice lately and who's
being like horrible and evil and you
know their language is divisive well
there was a time when I would have said
you know Trump is saying some pretty
divisive stuff you know I still think he
could do some good things for the
country but who that's some divisive
language coming out of that man I sure
hope he tones that down eventually and
if you were to look at just say the last
month president Trump's rhetoric has
gone from 10 to and he probably didn't
even notice from a 10 to a 4 maybe yes
that wouldn't you say am i maybe I'm
missing something but in the past month
it seems to me that the president has
been presidential the one thing they had
to complain about was that they thought
he said animal when he didn't about
immigrants he was talking about ms-13
now compare his Radek rhetoric over the
last month which has basically been
downright polite all right I may be you
would almost classify it as polite and
respectful for the past month I'm not
talking about anything before that and
then let me reread am uses Amy's sis
kind her tweet people supporting Donald
Trump our country will rise from this
rise from what all the good news
and you will not be remembered kindly
that sounds like a threat
here's more vocal in public figures me
will be judged such as sinc sycophants
and others as traitors to our democracy
some are and many more will face trial
and end up in prison
[Music]
that is very Hitler like talk am I wrong
it if you were to say to me you know if
you removed the names and you just said
show me this tweet and then show me
literally anything the President Trump
has said in the last 30 days nothing you
know I'm not counting before that I know
that was pretty rough the last 30 days
find me anything the president Trump has
said that is even in the same ballpark
with a pure evil of this of this tweet
so there's been there's been a complete
reversal where the people who hate this
kind of thing the you know the kind of
language in this tweet they've become
that so they've become the thing they
hate now that's you know I know I see in
my Twitter feed a lot of people saying
things like oh it's projection they're
they're projecting and I'm no
psychologist but I'm pretty sure that I
don't think projection is even a thing
I'm not sure that's a real thing I think
all it is is people feel the way they
feel for the reasons that they feel that
way
I don't know that projection is real I
think that we imagine people are
projecting just because of the
coincidence of sometimes I'm thinking
something that you you know I thought I
think you thought or that sort of thing
I think that's just coincidence not that
I don't think projection is a real thing
so then my tweet exchange got funnier
and I think this might be my fault as
well but I'm not sure so in the comments
to Amy's comment comment to amy's tweet
somebody mocked me for not understanding
economics and then I report I replied to
that commenter saying just factually
that I have a degree in economics in an
MBA with the concentration in finance
and I said and you because it was some
random guy questioning whether I knew
economics I thought it was fair it's
fair to ask which one of us has
credentials now I there hit the wrong
reply button or something but I guess
Amy cysteine believed I was saying that
to her and it turns out that her
economic credentials are actually really
good Ivy League school relevant degrees
etc so then everybody said AHA man did
she give you a slap down in the
conversation I wasn't in now maybe I hit
the wrong button I didn't have my coffee
so it might have looked like I was
replying to her but I was replying to
the to the the person who replied to me
so now I'm losing a fight that I didn't
know I was in because I got slapped down
hard for something I didn't even know
what was happening because I was talking
to somebody else at the time or I
thought I was I must have hit the wrong
button so correct me if I'm wrong but
I've never seen this level of hate now
here's a prediction that I made recently
that is similar to one that I accurately
made when President Trump won the
election an election night when it was
clear that Trump had one I got in
periscope and I warned the public that
was watching me don't gloat because
things are going to be tough for the
losing side they're psychologically
there was going to be this car
dissonance cluster bomb that would
literally lead to mental health problems
because their world that they imagined
was so wrong that it that it it's
actually a mental health challenge
because they can't integrate what
they're seeing and is obviously true
with what they know to what they believe
to be true and they don't match so
that's where you get we're all and so
the the level of anger that we're seeing
is high but here's the thing if North
Korea agrees to denuclearize and it
looks like it's actually happening as
opposed to promises they might pull back
later if it actually happens and I
predict it will it's going to be really
tough and and I'm not joking at all here
alright so the next stuff I say you
might think I'm just joking
I'm not this is a big problem the mental
health of the anti-trump errs is going
to be in serious jeopardy you should
expect insane levels of irrationality
explaining how it was really Obama who
got this deal etc and the level of
hatred you're gonna get will be off the
chart now the hatred will be in the
category of how can you say that he
helped all he did was threaten war and
other people fix this North Korea
problem you can see that you're also
gonna see yeah but what about what about
the time he beat an old lady up in the
White House and and killed her right in
front of the press and you'll say
nothing like that happened and they'll
say you sure nothing like that happened
but what about the time he shot a guy on
Fifth Avenue and I'll say
nothing like that happened so you're
gonna see a lot of hallucinating of just
how bad things are in this country it's
I know you think it's it's just
mind-blowing that Amy is this kind and
apparently half the country they believe
they're living in a country where most
things are worse and the only thing
that's worse is them
I don't think Trump supporters got any
worse do you because wouldn't you know
one of the side benefits of being on the
winning side is that you don't get his
mean you just you just don't feel as
angry because things are going your way
so I think Trump supporters you know
started out it's really no worse than
anybody else in the world but I think
they got kinder partly because their
president is you know mellowing at least
in terms of his rhetoric this might be
temporary but certainly for the last 30
days it's hard to argue that he hasn't
toned it down to a more to a more you
know healthful kind of a tone right but
I'm watching good things happening on on
prick that almost every metric and the
big argument against the economic
success is that this is just an
extension of Obama's success and things
are actually slowing down and I try to
explain to people that when you go from
you know a 1 to a 2 you've doubled you
know hey I've it's a hundred percent
game but if you go from two to three
point five that's way more than the one
you went up to begin with but it's not
doubling so to choose which one you want
I choose to say that's the best game
we've ever had we're at a new high
pretty happy other people say well last
year we doubled but you know this time
you know we only we only went up by you
know less dude I did I do by math
backwards too well that would be even
funnier all right oh yeah I did my math
backwards but the point is the same
and you might he promised 4% well we
might get that if there's no big
hurricanes we'll see yeah you get the
idea so so the funny thing is this since
I did that literally exactly backwards
I should never should never tweet until
I have all of my coffee but you're gonna
get the same kind of result because
people are going to fixate on that now
North Korea officials heading for the US
that should be good
mm all right I might they might retweet
that I have my reissue that tweet with
the correction now that everybody's had
time to react I think I had 800 retweets
in about a minute and a half all right
so it seems to it seems that the attack
from the left is going to start
concentrating on things that can't be
seen because the things that can be seen
and measured the economy Isis North
Korea progress that you know taxes are
lower other things you can measure with
the except with the exception maybe of
the deficit are doing well but there's
this whole vague future maybe something
I suspect Trump did something with
something so you know Trump did
something that you might be bad
something with his properties something
with you know internationals somewhere
they got their money money laundering
but here's the thing I wonder could we
really go this far without hearing
something bad about the Trump
Organization
I mean maybe but it seems to me that you
know we're so deep into this that if
there were something out there floating
around I feel like we would have heard
about it by now maybe not we'll see
do you feel bad for the people who
believe they're living in a country
where everything's going wrong I I'm
actually feeling some empathy because
you know I look at well you're sort of
the persuasion filter on things the old
way I used to look at things where if I
saw the tweet like Amy's Siskinds I
would have said oh she's just lying
because she's supporting her side you
know so you forget about what she's
saying
it's blahblah she's just supporting her
side and she knows that she's lying that
what that was my old view my old view is
that she would be completely aware that
what she's saying is a complete
departure from every major Bowl you know
observation that you can say but that's
not the case she actually lives in that
reality a reality where none of the good
news is happening none of it literally
the her world nothing good is happening
now some people are saying that the
economy in particular really was just an
Obama continuation Obama set it up and
now as well going great I agree that
Obama gave us a solid base and he did
guide us off the cliff you know when he
took office things were at the base so
it's no surprise that you know people
are saying he did a solid job I think he
did I think all the metrics were looking
good but to say then the President Trump
gets no credit is a lot like saying the
President Obama's progress can be
attributed to George Washington
because where exactly do you stop the
chain of cause and effect could
President Obama have had a good economy
if George Washington had not won the
revolution I don't think so right you
know would we be in such good shape
if Reagan hadn't done something matey's
if you know where do you take this chain
that basically the American economy has
had this almost unbroken upward trend
since George Washington yeah we had you
know the world had a depression there
was a blip there was only a few years
and we've had you know down terms that
you know little blips that lasted
several years but basically were on sort
of a you know few hundred years of
improvement so the argument that the
last president was improving things
there for all the all of the the credit
goes to the last president where do you
stop that chain of cause and effect you
can go ahead you could go all the way to
King George the third is somebody saying
here and King George the third really
helped with the economy
[Music]
I'm sick of the Trump lies narrative is
it weird that the president they his
critics would call him the biggest lion
president of all time they call a lying
liar but is it not simultaneously true
that President Trump has kept more
campaign promises than any president I
don't know if you can measure that thing
maybe somebody's major that sort of
thing but would it be objectively true
and I don't know if this is true but it
feels like it might be then if you were
just a count
you know just the raw number of promises
he has either accomplished them or he is
deep into them or is very obvious he's
fighting tooth and nail to get them so
for example the wall is not successful
but he's clearly putting the effort in
all right nobody's gonna say you should
have lied about you know getting that
wall you can watch the progress you can
tell who's stopping it you can see what
he's doing to make it happen you can see
that he's not letting up so that seems
pretty honest to me that's what he said
he do I think the health care in my own
my own calculation in health care is not
a success and I would give actually
Obama more credit for health care then I
would give Trump today but it's early in
the administration I'm hoping that the
Republicans can you know take their game
up a notch on health care the world
would be better off if they did and you
know if Amy's if Amy sis kind had said
you know there's no progress on health
care if she said why is you know weed
illegal federally why are we moving
faster on prison reform urban renewal
was great but where is it yet you know
we're now seeing enough their race
relations are worse
know if that's true but feels like there
might be if she said those things I
would say you know that's true I'm not
sure those are all the top priorities
health care certainly is but you know
North Korea is pretty bad Isis pretty
big you know no major terror attacks you
know Isis wise in the Trump
administration is that true economy
booming you know jobs good wages up yeah
I think they would be more I feel like I
need to help them figure out what to
criticize because there are legitimate
of things that's my cat in case you
wanted to what that gigantic tail was
there are legitimate things that you
could say hey this isn't as good or this
needs work I'm all in on that don't tell
them how to criticize the president well
it looks like they're going to go after
you know some kind of a generic
corruption attack which could be good
persuasion but they're going to suffer
from lack of you know actual examples I
suspect Elon Musk what was the question
about Elon Musk
[Music]
hmm all right any other questions read
Amy's list
did she make a list all right
Oh Elon is calling out the fake news
yeah I talked about Elon Musk he was
getting into getting into it with
various folks I I saw an article from
some woman who made some terrible
insulting tweet about Elon Musk and she
was complaining because when she
complained about Elon Musk
you know criticized him essentially on
Twitter she complained that all of the
musk bros she called it you know all
people who supported musk came after her
and called her the c-word and and other
bad names and I'm thinking to myself and
then she concluded that you can't it's
dangerous to to criticize him and I'm
thinking first day on Twitter she just
described every interaction in which
somebody criticizes a prominent person
have you ever seen a situation where
somebody as prominent as Elon Musk has
been criticized and then didn't get
major blowback from the other side
that's what Twitter is Twitter is the
place you go to insult people and then
get your ass handed to you what did I do
this morning I I responded to Amy's this
kind and what happened to her her hoard
of trolls that came after me they were
very cruel now I refer to them as fuel
because they just sort of make me happy
and they they get me charged up and it
makes my day better that's just me but
if you think that the only people
getting this treatment are first of all
women and second of all only if you
insult Elon Musk try insulting somebody
else see what happens
troll-hoard every time or two trolls
it's pretty it's pretty rare to see an
exception to that what about the no free
speech in Britain can't talk about that
your troll army is after me yeah yeah is
I it's weird that anybody thinks that
it's only the other side who gets
bombarded with these trolls
it's a sort of a weird blindness yeah I
got in trouble for not talking about
that thing that's happening in the UK
that I can't talk about free whoo
I can't even see that name I can't talk
about it all right
so the ban is lifted I'm said true I'll
try to catch up on that story all right
we will talk to you later