bump bump bump bump bump bump hey
everybody come on in here if you're in
early you're gonna you're gonna see my
evil villain reveal are you ready
it goes like this pretend you didn't see
me just now okay hold on hold on hold on
good morning so I'm a little bit
jet-lagged but we're gonna be talking
about a couple of things today including
placebos and the placebo effect and I'd
like to drink a glass of nothing - the
placebo effect if you have a beverage
you could drink it at the same time it
would be the simultaneous asynchronous
sip first time ever now I have the
placebo if you have the real thing let's
drink
now I don't know how good your real
coffee was or real beverage but the
placebo delicious I think it's doing the
trick I will talk more about the placebo
in a moment so I just tweeted an article
from CNN in which CNN did its classic
thing where it starts by assuming that
the president is a racist and then goes
on to write an article about all the
ways he's making the country worse and
people should be happy because they
should be happy because the economy is
good etc but they're not and they blame
the president for the divisive divisive
feeling in the country and I looked at
their examples and sure enough it's a
list of fake news so they've created
such a body of work of fake news that
they can pull out three random ones too
to prove that the president is a racist
no matter what context they're talking
about but because we were having the
conversation today about the national
anthem and the NFL and who's invited and
uninvited to the White House one of the
examples in the article in CNN was that
he called the the NFL kneelers sons of
and yeah that's often used as an example
of why he's a racist and I thought to
myself really is that why you here when
when he when he swears is somebody
because I'm pretty sure he was mean to
you know Rand Paul I think he was pretty
mean to Marco Rubio so
I was reading one of your comments and
it made me laugh
the answer is no whoever it whoever
asked that question that non-judgmental
question so there's such a game of
whack-a-mole going on at CNN that the
moment you say oh no that's not a real
one
yeah so they use the nfl's or son of his
sons of
which I'm not sure how you get a racial
thing out of that you know because the
people he was talking about weren't
gonna be something you just he was just
doing his thing and supporting America
so that's that's part of the two movies
on one screen other people will see it
the other way as you know now or talk
about this book I was just reading on
the plane by the way in Jonas MD he was
an MD and a researcher did a lot of
research testing various you know
medications and practices to do
controlled studies and that sort of
thing now what's interesting about this
book and I've only read part of it but I
already recommend it is we all know
about the placebo effect right so
everybody who's smart enough to get on
the computer and watch me on periscope
knows what that is but didn't you think
that the placebo effect was something
like 30 percent you know it's like yeah
you'll even get a gain with the placebo
but it's not going to be as good as a
real drug well it turns out that if you
do larger and larger and better
controlled studies that difference
almost disappears and who does the
initial studies for anything it's
usually the drug companies right so when
you get this placebo here and drug here
in many cases I don't know what
percentage of the cases but enough to
make a topic in a book when when you do
better and better tests you find out the
real drug is well if you're really
control for everything it's pretty close
you know and sometimes and sometimes the
real drug will have a side effect that
the placebo obviously doesn't and so
it's just the worst
and the placebo can be that strong now
what's interesting about this book and I
won't give away you know the full plot
let me just give you an idea of why it's
interesting if it were just about hey
there's something called the placebo
effect that wouldn't be interesting at
all because we already know that but he
takes it to the next level to figure out
what is it about this placebo effect
what elements do you need to have in
order for it to come into play what
makes it stronger or weaker and it was a
fascinating approach for a medical
doctor and a scientist because he was
taking the you know the the holistic
view of whatever it is that makes you
better we're not going to rule anything
else so if there's some way you can
harness this or understand it better the
placebo effect well maybe that's maybe
that's useful and his conclusion was
that and here let me give you the the
best example well I'll give you the
example after his conclusion was that to
get the good placebo effect you needed a
combination of the person doing a
routine such as taking a pill or getting
an injection so that there was something
about it there was sort of built into
their habit for a while anyway so that
seemed to be a factor to help the
placebo effect to routine eyes whatever
it was that was causing the effect the
other was to have family and loved ones
being involved somehow
you know either around you or or or to
at least put you in a good social family
situation so if you were the subject of
other people liking you and giving you
attention and in hoping for the best
that that was also correlated but then
there was this far more interesting one
which is that the the placebos are
different in different cultures because
the culture brings with it its own
expectations so for example if you're in
China your expectation of acupuncture
might be uh yeah that works almost every
time and so the placebo effect would
also be larger
because not just and and here's here's
the thing you have to understand it
wouldn't matter if the individual was a
doubter that's the weird part
it's not about it's not even about your
own mind saying yeah this acupuncture is
gonna work it makes a difference if you
live in a society where wait for it
other people expect it to work now who
knows if these conclusions in this book
you know would also sort of I of future
studies and replication and who knows if
people would have other interpretations
but it is fascinating to see a pretty
well thought out you know a set of set
of descriptions for why this placebo
effect happens but as I was reading it I
thought to myself you know there's
another explanation and it's compatible
with everything you know about
persuasion and everything I talk about
affirmations and everything I've talked
about that maybe you were a simulation
and you can kind of get to the same
point so imagine if you will that you're
a person who is a candidate for a study
of a new drug if you're a candidate for
the drug that means a couple things one
you have a problem and whatever other
remedies are are don't work for you all
right
so you're you're starting with people
who are you know especially chosen
because they have no remedies why aren't
I in California voting today yeah why
don't I vote at all so the here's what
I'm getting at if it's true the Society
has an impact on the placebo effect
could it be that reality according to
the physicists is being created because
we observe it in other words are we
creating our reality through observing
and expecting a good outcome if you're a
person who's been selected for a study
you've got a problem and no solution and
what were you thinking and what was
everybody else thinking
about your situation up until the point
you got into the study well you were
thinking there was no other solution
because otherwise you wouldn't get in
the study for the most part so you're
thinking about wait for it
the problem so before you got in the
study your entire mental process was
focused on the problem everything I've
taught you about persuasion is that
people steer toward the thing they're
thinking about even if they don't want
to so as you focus on the problem and
other people maybe if society also has
an impact they're also creating a
reality where the problem is magnified
because everybody's focusing on it
making it real but now you get into the
study and suddenly you're focusing on
your routine oh I go in and once a week
I get a shot I take the pill whatever it
is you meet other people they're talking
about they're also in the study you tell
your friends your friend ask friends ask
you how the study is they hope it's
working you talk about whether you think
it's working
so very much like affirmations that the
mere focus on your objective may be the
only thing that makes a difference so it
might not be that you believe it works
the this is where I'm departing from
normal thought alright and this is just
speculating right this is just for fun
it could be if it's like everything else
we know about humans merely
concentrating on a thing draws you
closer to it and sort of paves your
reality we know it in physics things
don't really exist at the the tiny level
until you observe them it's weird but
it's true according to scientists and we
see lots of people who seem to be able
to steer toward good things by thinking
positively and people who have bad
frames of mind to steer toward bad
things because they think of it now one
of the reasons I think about this is
that I had a surgery to correct my voice
and it was a largely if it was thought
to be incurable problem called spat
spasmodic dysphonia and so I couldn't
speak for three and a half years
and I was told that it was incurable and
so all I thought about was my problem
and then I saw a doctor who said he had
a surgery they could fix it and the I
talked to people he had done surgery on
and sure enough their voices were good
so it was kind of newish and still in
the yet advanced experimental stage so
it was a little bit risky to get
involved but I had the surgery and I
recovered that's that's why you hear me
now
and I I always asked him why if if they
knew that this problem was apparently a
brain problem there's some kind of
misfire in the brain but his surgery was
just on the nerves in my neck in in
really just the exterior of my neck not
even interior to the vocal cords and I
asked him how in the world did you know
that would work
and you know he said well it's the some
of my you know knowledge in the field it
was sort of an inspired gas I'm
paraphrasing but something like that and
and now I wonder if it's because the
surgery was such a and also this is
another factor that dr. Jonas talks
about in this book how healing works
that a small amount of trauma in the
service of trying to fix somebody might
actually serve to reboot your body into
and to just get it back into a you know
a healthier mode to fight off something
on its own so that so the surgery was a
trauma and during that time all I
thought about was and this is going to
work you know and I think I feel good
about this I've got a cure now and so
for two months solid I couldn't think of
anything except how I was going to be
able to speak as soon as I healed
because it takes a few months before you
can actually talk so when I went from so
on so on one level I went from having
the problem to having a surgery and the
normal way to look at that as well he
had a surgery you fixed it but there's
so many examples in this book where even
a surgery doesn't fix let's say back
pain
as well as the placebo effect so there's
actually plenty of evidence the things
that even can be cured by surgery and
I'm not talking about every problem here
I'm not talking about magic we're not
talking about curing cancer and you know
healing broken bones and stuff like that
nothing magic but there's a whole
category of things that are in that gray
area where well I think this surgery
will fix you fixes some people or take
this pill it works for some people I
think a little bit better than the
placebo what we're not sure so within
that within that category we may be
completely misinterpreting what's going
on so it's just a thought that maybe
it's a generalized fact and maybe a
feature that were in our simulation and
that the way we steer our steer our
player and the simulation is by focus
and the things we think about are the
things that we move toward so imagine
yourself in the simulation you're you're
an artificial being in a
three-dimensional simulated world
created by who knows maybe maybe
yourself before you died you created a
simulation but whatever
just imagine focusing on where you want
the simulation to go and see if it makes
a difference now I've referred to that
as affirmations which is just the just
the process of focusing on a specific
task and writing it down every day but
the what what this book talks about is
how a routine that focuses you on
something can get you the placebo effect
in many cases so a routine might get you
there
changing your expectation from I don't
know how to fix this do I have a I'm
doing something that might fix it
even if that's something you're doing is
completely unscientific apparently it
doesn't matter if you if you think it's
astrology or anything else as long as
it's not hurting you and as long as you
don't have a you know a better system
you can actually sort of generate the
placebo effect
on your own so yes somebody said the
power of prayer so whether or not there
is an Almighty God the power of prayer
should if any of this is true
speculation and just a different way to
look at the world focusing might be how
you steer in the simulation did I write
the placebo seen in the Dilbert
animation I don't remember that one I
might have it sounds like something I
would have done all right there there's
a I up here isn't there
show us hypnosis I can't really do that
in a video very well is there a God in
your simulation
well if each of us can steer the
simulation that would make each of us
godlike you know with a small G I guess
all right I think we're done for today
and I hope you enjoyed your placebo
beverage I'm gonna have another sip of
the placebo and you know what I know
about this if I drink this it's gonna
mean I'm gonna have a great day today
you too probably so just think about
that every time you have a sip e'er
morning beverage hey this means I'm
gonna have a great day because maybe you
will mmm that's good placebo all right
bye for now