bum bum bum bum bum bum bum well I'm in
a different time zone than most of you
so I'm going to be enjoying this
excellent Marie Stella water carbonated
and delicious if you have a beverage you
could be simultaneously sipping it right
now so I received a few requests on
periscope this morning or on Twitter to
do a periscope talking about fatalism
and the reason people asked is because
there's a Politico I think political
Politico argument article talking about
President Trump has apparently referred
to himself a few times as a fatalist now
you say to yourself ah he's got the he's
got the codes to the nuclear weapons and
he said he's a fatalist we're all doomed
that's not quite what's happening here
so let me explain fatalism the way I see
it and the way it makes sense in his
context now I want to avoid imagining I
can read his mind or anybody else's so
I'll just tell you what I think is the
most reasonable explanation of what
we're hearing could be right could be
wrong I'm not a mind reader but I think
you'll agree it's a more reasonable
explanation you have noticed that
President Trump is super optimistic I
can do that I'll get that GDP up I'll
become president with no no experience
I'll be a TV star he seems to have this
almost unnatural optimism but he's also
been quoted a number of times referring
to himself as a fatalist you say to
yourself well that doesn't sound like it
fits how can you be an optimist at the
same time you think everything's doomed
and let me explain what I think the
answer to that is and I'm going to be
biased by the fact that I have the same
opinion I would also refer to myself as
a fatalist and I would also say I'm the
most optimistic person I know who isn't
actually named Donald Trump and I've
said before on periscope in in in my
book that both Trump and I were
influenced by the same same influencer
norman vincent peale in Trump's case
norman vincent peale was actually his
pastor in my case i read the books and
was just influenced by it now norman
vincent peale wrote the book the power
of positive thinking and essentially you
you just imagine that you you will
succeed you imagine that everything will
will turn out you imagine that you do
have the capability to get what you need
and that that imagining of it actually
in direct and indirect ways helps you
achieve it so that the right mindset is
what helps you get there now if you were
to fast forward to you know year 2018
and say well who's saying stuff like
that you might be talking about people
like mike sort of it's you know a modern
version for modern times yeah it talks
about mindset as a way to get what you
want
and i talk about that as well now here's
my explanation fatalism the way uh the
way i think it makes sense in this
context and you know there i don't want
to engage in word thinking so i'm not
going to say that somebody else's
definition of the word is the wrong one
i'm just going to tell you what makes
sense in this context the fatalism means
if you're going to get hit by a meteor
it's just going to happen if the world
is going to blow up and you didn't know
about it there was nothing you could do
you know it wasn't your job to stop it
it's just gonna happen if you were gonna
get a disease that wasn't based on
lifestyle or anything else it's just
gonna happen now in this world you can
you can divide the world and do things
that you can't control and they're just
going to happen
and things you can control the the
common view of the world is that the
parts you can't control is gigantic and
the party you can't control is tiny
the optimist goes the other direction
and says you know it looks like I can't
control this stuff but hold my diet coke
if you know what I mean
right so the optimist says no the the
subset of things that are in the world I
can control a lot of them I just have to
do the right stuff get the right you
know mindset and keep at it but even an
optimist is going to say there's some
stuff you can't control you know
lightnings gonna go or lightning is
going to go and so I think it helps to
reduce your stress and here's the point
I'm getting to because President Trump
is I think even his enemies would say
he's really good at handling stress and
pressure and criticism
I mean imagine the press that the
pressure and criticism he's had over the
last few years while we watched and
every time he comes on camera it looks
like you know fresh as a daisy and you
think to yourself how in the world is
this not crushing him I mean Trump might
be the first president we've ever had
who will leave office looking younger
than he started because he does handle
pressure amazingly well I believe that
one of the secrets to that is that if
you're a fatalist you say there's a
bunch of stuff I can't control so I'm
not going to try and I'm also not going
to worry about it if it happens it
happens and then I'll deal with it the
best I can but worrying about it can't
change it and it's going to happen if
it's going to happen but I can still be
a super optimist for all the things that
I can influence so it makes perfect
sense that you're an optimist on all the
things you can influence and you are a
pessimist on the things that you can't
influence or not a pessimist but rather
a fatalist saying it's just going to
happen you know worrying about it didn't
help and trying to stop it
and help before some stuff right the
things you legitimately can't possibly
change so I think that's a pretty
powerful mindset that's why I thought it
was worth getting on here and talking
about it if your mindset is to work hard
on changing the things you can change
and simply accepting the things you
can't does this sound like an old saying
is that desert darada yeah you know how
does I go Lord give me the the power to
change the things I can change and
accept the things I can't something like
that that's a rough quote but but what
I'm describing is actually a very
well-known popular well recommended way
to look at the world you should be very
you should be very energetic about the
stuff is it the Serenity Prayer
you should be very energetic about
changing the things that you might be
able to change and you should be very
accepting of the things that you can't
change and let me let me tell you how
important this is in personal
interactions if you're dealing with
somebody who's just a horrible person
and they can't change if you're in the
mindset of I I need to change this
person who just can't be changed you're
gonna be frustrated oh you can be angry
you're gonna hate them but if you say to
yourself alright I can change me
sometimes I can influence other person's
other people but this person they're
with they're beyond my powers I can't
change this person so I'm just going to
accept them just accept them the way
they are if you can get to that point
the the weight of worry is cut by 50%
and probably alright so if you could
just stop worrying about the things that
are just going to happen anyway
it helps now president Trump also adds
another little flourish to this
philosophy and he says the things things
always work out
you know Wilson we'll see what happens
either those are his favorites we'll see
what happens
the things always work out in the long
run now if you were to look at his life
and all the ups and downs he's had and
now he's sitting on top of the world as
president of the United States you'd
have to say well things do kind of work
out I mean look at all the downs he's at
look at all the the attacks the pressure
is the legitimate personal and
professional things that have that have
happened to him and he still says well I
can't change those things so I'm not
going to worry about him and it always
works out and here he is getting ready
to go to North Korea to do maybe maybe
the impossible and why does he think
that you can do what nobody else thought
they could do which is have a friendly
meeting with Kim jong-un and even if
it's not an immediate you know full
success in every way we would like to
put it on the path because does kim jong
kim jungeun need nuclear weapons if
we're legitimately getting friendly with
him now we would just take away his
reason simply by being you know the
right mind mindset when when we approach
him so there's your explanation I give
that to you because people asked for it
fatalism to the extent that it just
means you can't change some things so
just just accept that accept that that's
your situation and I think you'll also
see that there's a lot of science behind
that I don't have any but at my
fingertips but I believe the people who
can accept their situation no matter how
dire it is are just in a better better
mental health and and your mental health
drives your physical health so there's
sort of a virtuous cycle there all right
that's pretty much all I wanted to say
and somebody says how come me you don't
pace and lead the left why would you say
I'm not
what would make you think that and let
me ask you this if I wanted to make the
best change in the world would I change
what I try to influence the right or
would I try to influence the left which
would you do first think about it which
one would you do first I'm going to
leave you with that thought and
apparently I wear terrible shirts
because I've got a lot of compliments on
my shirt thank you for that and I'll
talk to you again soon