well there you are you're here I'm
here
um all
right we're going to find our comments
and get them going so I can see what the
local people are saying to
me and then we will blow your mind with
the best show ever
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization probably the best day
you're going to ever have but if you'd
like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
when they're tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a CER marug or
glass a tanker chel or Stein a canteen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee join me now for the unparallel
pleasure of the dope of meend of the day
thing makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous Sip and it
happens now
go
Sensational best SIP of the day well of
course I'm going to be talking about the
LA fires but I I'll wait just a minute
for people to stream in before that I
would like to note
do any of you remember I can't remember
how long ago it was so we're going to
test you longterm memory it was a long
time ago but there were these two Terror
attacks One in New Orleans and one in
Vegas any of that sound familiar it was
so long
ago
right uh Trump is doing it again he's
doing that thing where time is
completely disted it so when the Vegas
terrorism thing was the headline story I
said to myself o this is going to be in
the news for a while so I'm going to do
a a Dilbert comic in which uh Dilbert's
uh boss's
secretary uh suggests that he takes a a
vacation in Vegas because he didn't know
where to go on his vacation so she she
suggests she suggests that he buy a
cyber truck and
drive it to Vegas and stay at the Trump
Hotel and well anyway you'd have to see
the comic it's pretty darn funny but
it's it's running today only for the
subscribers you you'd have to be
subscribing on X or locals to see it but
you know I was prepping it to uh publish
it this morning and I thought oh my God
that feels so long
ago so long ago so Trump time just
Distortion happening again all right
just one more thing then we'll talk
about the fires I tried to use chat GPT
last night to to digest a big legal
document that I was asked to review and
I thought to myself oh perfect
application for AI I'm going to upload
the document and then I will query it uh
to say okay is this handled you know
what about this what's to say about this
and it would summarize it for me and I'd
save bunch of
time I was so happy to be in the age of
AI so I took my PDF file and I uploaded
it and it said no we can't handle the
PDF file and I said in
2025 the advanced
intelligence the most important
technology in the
world can't read a PDF
file but it said you know jpeg it could
read so I thought all right all right
well so I just change it to a JPEG file
and I upload it and it fails and it says
uh it can only take when when it goes to
jpeg it turns the document into each of
its individual Pages as one file a piece
but I thought well no problem I'll just
drag all of the pages in it'll figure
out the page numbers good to go and then
I I try to drag all the pages in and it
says can only handle four pages and I
think okay no problem no problem I'll
just do four at a
time because they're only you know 20
some pages it's not going to take all
day so I drag four over good so I drag
another four over and then it clarifies
that it's a total of four it's not four
at a time it's a total of four so I
spent something like 45 minutes of my
day finding out that AI can't do the
simplest freaking thing so
so I don't know they say they say it's
going to replace everything and do
everything but I don't know all right
let's talk about the LA
fires um it's all horrible um you know
if if you're new to my live stream I
live in Northern California and you
might say to yourself well Northern
California that's so far away from
Southern California that you're probably
not much impacted well I'm not impacted
directly by the fire that's not a risk
where I am but if you live in California
you end up having a lot of friends in
other parts of
California so I'm very impacted and uh I
had to cancel the man cave last night
because there was just too many people
who needed help and too many people I
had to check on and you it was both both
family and friends and uh it was uh it
was a big weight so just not being in
the direct fire is better than being in
the fire but let me tell you the other
the other residents of California we're
taking it in the we're taking it in the
gut this is this is like being punched
all day
long and uh five people dead apparently
which you know is a gigantic tragedy I
suppose I suppose you know you could say
something like could have been worse but
five people as five people one of them
reportedly had stayed behind with his
hose and was trying to save his house
and I always wondered how smart or dumb
that strategy was because there are a
number of people who apparently did in
fact save their houses because somebody
stayed you know neighbor or they stayed
with a hose but one of them
died so if you're going to stay with a
hose just know I don't know what the
odds are of you dying in this sort of
massive fire situation but it might be
like 20% you know I mean it's crazy
high but people do what they have to do
if it's if it's your entire life and
you're not insured which was the case in
many cases I guess you do what you got
to
do anyway
um so speaking of do what you want to do
I heard uh Greg geld on the five
yesterday um requesting that people
consider opening up their homes to other
people th this one's not like a lot of
uh different disasters the sheer number
of people who are displaced in in a
fairly populated area is kind of crazy
and they're not going to go back soon so
a lot of people are opening houses uh
donating money trying to help in every
possible way they can so it's pretty
much it's an all hands on deck situation
here so if if you don't see
me putting in as much
work could you please understand that
this isn't the week that my mind's on
work right we're we're trying to keep
people alive and and help as we can
um so apparently there's I think there's
still zero
containment but the Santa an winds that
made us so bad should be dying down by
the end of today so I'm hoping
that we're going to see something like
some containment now I hate to say it
but probably the only thing that will
bring this fire under control is burning
everything that's burnable until there's
just no fuel left it's just the ocean so
I don't know what they're what they're
going to do but
um Elon Musk has uh announced he's going
to donate free startling terminals to
the affected area in LA
uh I think that's maybe today or
tomorrow he's going to do that um X
always makes me feel like the world is
so
small so you know the the richest most
interesting guy in the world right now
uh is of course in every topic and he's
in this topic in a productive way and
then you see in the comments when he
says he's going to donate them you see
his brother Kimble saying you know
thanks brother so he must be in LA and
he must be a fected so even Kimble
Kimble musk is in the
mix a lot of celebrities we'll talk
about some of those all right the the
biggest macro story is the fog of
War so uh I'm guilty of probably I don't
know the specifics but I think I
probably reposted some fake news
yesterday because there was so much
speculation and not quite accurate so I
want to talk about the things we think
we now and put them in context if you
haven't done this yet I recommend it
highly if you're not watching one of the
fake news networks like CNN talking
about the context of how we got to this
situation in California you're not
really hearing the other side and this
is one of those things where there's a
fog of War but on top of it two
completely different versions of what
happened is have already emerged no
surprise no surprise
but you really need to hear the the
alternative explanations of what
happened it's it's going to it's going
to blow your mind that any of it could
be a little bit explained now when I say
a little bit explained my macro theory
is that there's massive
incompetence there needs to be some kind
of some kind of uh addressing that I
don't know what that looks like so
there's massive incompetent
um but some of the accusations clearly
don't fly and I'll tell you which ones
they are because I feel like we want to
be mad but it's such wasted energy to be
mad at the wrong things there's plenty
of things to really be mad at now I will
remind
you uh well we'll get to that so here
here are some of the things that people
accused the
LA you know government and management of
doing uh so first of all the reports
were that
the fire hydrants either didn't have
water or had no water
pressure now there's two versions that
if the problem is they didn't have water
because there was no stored water there
there is some some evidence that there
was a water reservoir that was not
filled but I'd Le I'd like to know more
about whether it was possible to fill it
because maybe there was no water to put
in it and I don't know whose fault that
would be so these all of these things
that look like they're simple they've
all got some bigger story behind them
which doesn't make any good or right
it's just that you should know the
context it's it's never as simple as you
know the posts on
X so there it's possible uh well there
definitely was a low water pressure in
some places and there definitely were
high fire hydrogen not producing water
some were so we do have reports of some
working hydrants some not possibly or
even maybe probably the reason the water
pressure was insufficient is that there
were so many hydrons being used at the
same time attempted and the entire Place
had been destroyed so there were a lot
of open Fountain like um water being
wasted just in homes so the it if the
area was served by the same water
source be at the High hant or inside the
house if the house has broken pipes and
the water is spewing everywhere and
everybody's trying to use water at the
same time to put out the fire is not
going to be enough water pressure or
maybe even water so water and water
pressure were both a
problem um it's not entirely clear that
either of those were some direct mistake
that you could put on some particular
person they're all complicated there's a
question of forest management you know U
Trump has been on it for years literally
years he's been saying that California
is not managing its Forest like places
like Austria where they don't have this
kind of fire and managing the forest
means partly removing the underbrush you
know the really really flammable stuff
because the trees can do a much better
job of
surviving if if if it's just going tree
to tree it's not going to go
as fast as if there's this underbrush
that's just ready to go CU trees are the
living trees are a little bit wet so
they'll they'll slow things down but the
dead underbrush you know it's just it's
going to be traveling like crazy so the
forest management thing is a real thing
it's really important it's really not
done well but I don't know if that had a
causation in this
case because most of what I saw burning
were residential homes
uh and and there's at least one report
that I don't think is confirmed that
somebody said the fire started in
somebody's backyard and then spread up a
hill if it started in somebody's
backyard and spread up a hill which is
not confirmed not confirmed it's just
something I saw a fireman on the scene
who was working it said um if it was set
by somebody we heard reports that uh
which are fake these are fake reports
somebody and oh that's that's one of the
fake ones that I think I reposted so
that's bad on me that's just a mistake I
should not have been trusting that kind
of information that early in the story
all right so that's just on my that's
just an unforced error so on my part
believing that story that some homeless
person said it which did not
happen um that's on me that that's just
an error I should have said sub reports
it but we don't know that would have
been the right answer so we still don't
know but I can tell you that I don't see
a direct link from forest management to
this particular fire I do see a gigantic
risk if our fires are if our forests are
not well managed and that appears to be
the
case um so we don't know about the water
reservoir thing uh there are a whole
bunch of questions about
uh you whether Water Resources have been
managed correctly for years it doesn't
look like it it it looks like there are
enough allegations of things that could
have solved the problem I guess years
ago there was some big plan to you know
capture the water runoff and make it
available for fires but that didn't get
passed somebody say some people will say
it's because of the Democrats um other
people will say well you know we tried
to get this bipartisan Bill to have more
water but the Republicans said no for
some reason so I don't know but I would
say the one thing that I'm confident
about is I'm confident that California
has completely mismanaged its water
resources would that have made a
difference in this specific
case maybe not there's a video of uh Joe
Rogan in 2024 in the summer which is you
know just six months ago in which he was
saying he talk to a fireman
so 6 months before this fire in La a
fireman
said uh we've been lucky so far if we
get the wind at the same time as a fire
all of La is going to burn this is from
a professional firemen who said there's
no way around it you're not going to be
able to stop it if if the fire starts at
the same time as the high wind which is
exactly what happened there is no
defense so if you say to me if only we
had more water we could defend it I say
to you maybe a
little but it probably would have still
taken out most of the area you maybe you
could save some houses but it would have
taken out most of the area so the bigger
problem was it was a known problem that
was not directly
addressed so is it a problem that
forests are not managed it's a big one
maybe not
directly factor in this fire is the
Water Management a problem yes poorly
done
was it
directly uh a problem in this fire yes
if your house burned down because the
fire Hy the fire hydrant didn't work
you're probably going to
say why didn't you count on a fire
that's this big or something like that
but um maybe it couldn't have been
stopped you maybe the firemen and 2024
was exactly right and there just wasn't
anything you could do
um the
mayor Karen bass is it she happened to
be in Ghana for
some some uh government thing that she
thought was interesting and uh uh I'm
not sure that anything is different
because the um the mayor was in a
different country you know may mayor's
travel and even though there's no reason
they should have been doing some
International work I mean she could have
been on vacation
I there are lots of reasons of people
around town I I doubt that her absence
had any impact on the emergency
response but in emergencies you want
your leaders to act capable and you know
have empathy and be on hand and you know
tell you everything they know you know
give you some hope that they could get
this under control so I don't think she
did a good job on
anything but probably didn't have any
make any difference to any house that
burned or didn't
burn
then I've got to spend a a moment on
this that there's a lot of accusations
that this is caused by
Dei
and
um I'm going to make some suggestions
about this so I'm going to talk I'll
talk about Dei after I give the list of
other things that people are saying I I
don't think you can pin it on one person
and say that's a d I higher or even more
than one person but more on that
moment
um so let's see uh there's something
about the Smelt fish smelt is it a Smelt
fish or is just a smelt apparently Trump
calls it an extinct
fish I don't think it's extinct which is
the whole point of trying to preserve it
if it were extinct we wouldn't be
worrying about it but it's funny that he
calls it extinct an extinct
fish um but apparently there was
some there was some movement to provide
more water for uh LA but it didn't work
because it would have been bad for these
rare smelt the Delta
smelt well let me tell you what else
smelt about this
situation everything so I don't know I I
think that smelt fish is going to be one
of those those two movies on one on one
uh screen I think CNN's going to tell
you oh that was a bipartisan thing or
Republicans should have said yes or
there there's going to be another story
to that I don't think it's as clean
as uh we traded smelt for human for
human
beings although in some ways it looks
exactly like that but probably there's a
little extra context on that
one and then the part that is definitely
true is that the insurance policy caps
that California tried to put on
insurance fire insurance policies um
caused a shortage of fire insurance
policies because the the fire insurance
people said um no thanks if we can't
make money we don't want to be in your
state so they pull down so what makes
this particular situation go from tragic
to
how do I say this without being
cancelled all right I'm I'm going to
speak as indirectly as I can and you can
piece it
together if an ordinary tragedy happens
you you get into tragedy mode you're
like trying to help people you're
feeling sad you're feeling impacted
you're basically just feeling terrible
but trying to do what you can if it's
just a
tragedy if it's a tragedy which would
have been had
by your insurance kicking in and at
least paying for what you
lost that would be half as big but it
wouldn't be just a change of you being
half as
mad it's the difference between and
here's where I have to be
careful it's the difference between
people feeling bad and people feeling
homicidal was that indirect enough we're
looking at the government of C
California and I can tell you from
personal
experience my my emotions I'm trying to
keep under control and if you're seeing
a lot of Californians talking in ways
that you think are unusually calm given
the situation like James Woods you saw
him acting completely calm that the
house he loved and just rebuilt and
remodeled was lost and he had no
insurance now he has better resources
maybe than other people but he broke
down on an interview so don't
mistake how strong people are acting
with how they're feeling on the inside
this
feels like we got
raped that's what it feels like it
doesn't feel like a tragedy happened it
feels like we got
raped all of us even if you if even even
if you're not directly affected
do you know what this is going to do to
the possibility of getting Insurance
anywhere in the state this just made the
entire state unlivable they're going to
have to tax the beesus of us to pay for
whatever this costed the the level of
economic destruction I don't even think
you can calculate it it it's bigger than
anything that's ever happened in the
country and so I feel a sense of
Rage that makes me in Revenge homicidal
head instead of recovery from an event
head I want to be I want to be just in
the helpful recovery mode but man when
they give you they give you the double
tap you know one in the chest one in the
head one in the chest was the bad fire
management the one in the head was you
don't have insurance because we changed
the rules in an obvious way in a way
that obviously would make insurance go
away and not be available you do that I
don't think the res uh uh let me say it
in the way
that um I Heard It stated I'm not going
to attribute this but without
attribution I heard yesterday a
Californian who was directly affected
say of one of the leading politicians
who's getting a lot of blame again I
won't be specific and the and the advice
was I wouldn't show yourself in
public now that advice I think was well
intended as a security thing you need to
know that people feel
homicidal they don't feel just hurt this
is not like other things the the level
of incompetence apparently is so extreme
that it doesn't feel like an
accident if feels intentional it wasn't
intentional but it feels like it it
feels like people just raped us because
I didn't give a
 so if you think we're going to get
over this I doubt it I doubt it I don't
think we're going to get over this and
you didn't have to be in the fire zone
to not get over it I'm not getting over
this the this is the wakeup call it's
the tap on the shoulder it says you know
all that complaining you did complaining
is
nothing complaining is
nothing at this point pretty serious
action and I hope it's not the homicidal
kind is required and I do believe that
you know people of character are going
to act really differently and some of
them will be sacrificing their personal
fortunes some will be sacrificing their
reputations but the risk reward equation
just changed completely once you realize
you can't live in this state the way it
is then you're going to take a bigger
risk to change it you know if you're
just like ah I don't like it but next
year is going to be a lot like this
year you know you're just going to get
on with your life but now it's an
existential risk just to be managed by
incompetence it's an existential risk of
incompetence now I will remind you as I
was reminded just moments ago before the
show started that it was a while ago
that I warned that
Dei would cause massive institutional
and corporate and government
incompetence and it would be really
really obvious and it could destroy
everything we
love now when people mentioned that on
TV such as the amazing Scott Jennings he
got into that conversation on CNN it
went completely off the rail and it was
a I'm going to call it a rare a rare
communication Mistake by Scott Jennings
um you know when I talk about him
usually it's like oh my God he just he
just explained things so well uh among
this panel of Democrats and you know he
won that day and you know I'll be
forwarding around so in general he he's
the best we
have if you're looking at like who who's
the best Communicator who's not Trump
himself it might be Scott jenx he's
really really impressive but on the Dei
stuff total fail now I think it's easy
to correct and I would expect he will
here's the
correction um and I I posted this I hope
he sees it but accusing people specific
people if what you're doing is is
accusing specific people of being Dei
hires we don't have that kind of
information you know we could tell that
they're in a certain demographic group
but you can't tell that the that's the
problem you can't look at a specific
case and say oh if if Karen bass had
been a white guy everything would be
fine now that
might it might be that she's a Dei hire
and then that's the whole story and the
police chief is Dei hire and and you've
got everything you need it might be but
we don't have that kind of information
so when Scott Jennings brought up the
Dei element He had a couple of black
female panelists who just ate him up and
what they did is they do the thing where
where they say why are you saying that
black women can't do a good job nobody
says that that has nothing that has
absolutely nothing to do with the Dei
conversation the Dei conversation is not
about the capability of one any
particular group it's not a capability
it's a system incentive design
problem that you could replace you could
replace anybody in this equation and you
get the same bad outcome so nobody's
saying that there's something special
about black
women not being able to do stuff I I'm
not aware of anybody who has that
opinion it's more about the system and
let me explain that a little bit
better so the first point is that as
soon as you apply it to any
individual you're on thin ice you don't
have the proof of that unless you worked
with that person every day you probably
don't know if they're doing a good or
bad job you know sometimes there are
other variables that makes stuff
impossible but here's what you can say
you can say number one that leaders
focus on what is easiest to measure that
probably is the number one most
important thing you need to know about
management that managers man to things
that can be tracked why do they do that
because when they get their bonuses and
their Awards and their
raises it's going to be based on what
can be measured what is easier to
measure than diversity
Improvement it's easy uh what are you
I'm a woman got
it what are you I identify as black got
it right easy to count easy to keep
track easy to see how it changed from
what it was to where it is if you give
any manager that situation where it's
easy to know what you know if you did it
right or at least if you hit the goal I
won't say right but you hit the goal
they're going to manage that and they're
going to let other things
lapse because they it won't affect their
pay for example suppose several years
ago the people in charge had decided to
to do a big water management
Improvement how long would it take to
get that approved to get it built to see
if it worked and then even when you
built it you wouldn't know if it worked
you would only know that there weren't
any fires lately you wouldn't know that
it worked so if you got this big
ambiguous but way more important thing
to do the water management is way more
important than other things but it takes
a long time you can't tell what any one
person did to make it happen it's really
hard to get you know to to be held
responsible for that so if you're a
manager you go for what can be measured
easily you focus on it that's where your
pay depends then on top of that the
second thing you need to know is that
every major company is trying to improve
their diversity at the same time and I
would argue even the companies that may
have uh renounced their Dei efforts the
individual managers are still going to
be hiring with a Dei goal you don't need
you don't need a Dei
program because those same managers are
still going to be bragging if they get
more diversity you you could you could
get away with give up the entire
incentive system but if one of the
people says well I you know I
Diversified my department and the other
manager that they're competing against
for the top job says oh I uh I do some
long-term things that are really smart
but how' it turn out well we won't know
because lots of people involved could
take years if it doesn't work it might
not be my fault it could be the
legislation
right
so anyway so if you have every company
trying to do it at the same time even if
it's not part of a organized program
you're going to run out of your target
demographics and here's the important
thing to know you could switch out the
target demographics and replace it with
any other group and it's the same that's
why it's not a racist observation for
example let's say your Dei program was
you had to hire more Irish people or
Irish
Americans and that's
it how's that going to work out you're
going to maximize Irish American now
there are a lot of Irish Americans but
if everybody suddenly said oh God I got
to get get myself an Irish Irish guy you
would run out of Highly qualified Irish
Americans on day
two on day one all the all the Smart
Ones with a good resume have already
been hired we got a we got an Irish guy
yes it's going to look good on my
resume so if you're when Scott Jennings
on CNN allows his panelists to argue you
know that black black women can do any
job nobody's disagreeing with that that
the right qualified person of any
demographic can do pretty much any
job and the and the thing that you have
to understand is you can replace that
Target demographic with
anybody you you could take black women
out of the conversation entirely put
Irish men Irish men same same problem if
you're managing to the number of Irish
men on your staff you're in trouble
you're going to you're going to have
massive incompetence if you fast forward
20 years and here we are we are in a
position of massive massive incompetence
is it the cause of any specific
demographic
group can't tell the only thing you can
know for
sure is that this was a guaranteed
outcome that the design of the incentive
system and the natural limitation of any
demographic group group to have you know
unlimited people in it is all you needed
to know on paper it couldn't have worked
and that's why it's so important to
reverse it and reverse our thinking
about
it
so Scott Jennings I hope you make that
correction the first thing you should
say is it's not about any individual
it's about a system design if you have
incentives that make people do the wrong
thing they'll do the wrong thing and
that's where we
are now some of the worst takes on this
Bernie Sanders weighs in while people
are running for their lives and posts
this 80,000 people told to evacuate I
think it's twice that now since he
posted it 80,000 people told to evacuate
he said blazes 0% contained and so far
I'm thinking oh this is Bernie being
helpful he's he's telling us how bad it
is and then he's going to hit us with
what we should do about it he says eight
months since the area has been has seen
rain
okay that did make it worse the scale
the damage and loss is
unimaginable thank you for you know
recognizing how bad this is and then he
said climate change is real not a
hoax Donald Trump must treat this like
the existential crisis it is meaning
climate
change well you could
imagine how I felt when I read that have
I mentioned that we Californians don't
feel like we went through a tragedy we
feel like we got raped by
you by politicians you know so Burnie
burning you know
indirectly and the fact that California
was focusing on your little Pet Project
the climate change which I believe is
mostly freaking fake because it only
applies to people who think the news
news is real and science is not corrupt
if you think the news is real and
science is not completely corrupted by
money you might believe that this
climate change has been proven by all
the smart people to be a danger now it
might be a danger I often say I don't
know I I don't know how much people are
contributing to it um I I see both sides
I don't think any of them are believable
from my point of view because I can't
tell but I can tell you for sure that if
you think the models are predicting the
future you have not looked into it very
much if you think we can measure the
temperature of the earth over decades
you haven't looked into it and I find
that I can't even have a conversation
with somebody who thinks all of that
climate uh the alarm part is true you
can't even talk to them because they've
been so hypnotized they think the news
is real the news is not real about
anything important
the news could have a correct fact now
and
then but the narrative is never real
narratives are always motivated they're
not they're not real if you believe the
news is even trying to be real you can't
be reached you you have to first
understand that they're not trying to
tell you the truth it's just not it's
not their business
model and if you think that anybody
under any circumstances can take all
these weird hidden variables and
gigantic variables and hard to measure
variables and put them into a
complicated model and tell you the
temperature in 10
years how do I begin to tell you how
impossible that is that's not something
that the smart people figured out that
is a pure hoax the models part now what
I'm not calling the hoax is I don't know
if it's getting warmer I don't know if
people are involved I just know that
nobody else knows I know for sure that
nobody else
knows so but my problem with Bernie is
not that he believes in climate change
and I'm pretty sure that he's wrong uh
at least in terms of the alarm part of
it my part is you need to be able to
read the room a little bit better you
don't talk to rape victims about wearing
a condom you know what I mean you don't
talk to rape victims about wearing a
condom you know maybe maybe you should
had a cond with you no you were just
making it worse so my first reaction was
I was just going to go nuclear and I had
every fbom and like like I was ready to
go and my fingers hit the keyboard and I
said I'm not going to make it
worse because that was just a pure
emotional
reaction um so instead I reposted this I
said Senator Sanders as a California I
respectfully ask for you to delete this
post no California thinks climate change
dried up the fire hydrants and canel
fire
insurance now whether my take is you
know factually correct that that the
fire hydrant were a problem that somehow
was undermanaged or that the canceled
well the canceled fire Insurance um
that's certainly uh a fact
but um and then I told to read The Room
2 million people agreed with me which is
very unusual for a post on X to get 2
million views that means people really
agreed not every person but it means a
lot of people agreed with my take that
he was not reading the room and I would
like to add a few things if the problem
with the LA fire were caused by climate
change the whole world would be on fire
by now right I'm pretty sure that the
climate change is not limited to La we
would see basically everything on fire
if climate changes cause fire if
droughts caused fire everything that's
having a slightly under normal year
which is what La is la is in what I
think they call it a moderate drought
meaning it's barely a drought and it's
not outside of the historical Norm
whatsoever not at
all
um so
anyway um who else was bad then Joe
Biden with his defective brain and
oppressor talked about the fire but
nobody remembers that all they remember
is he had the bad judgment to say quote
the good news is that I became a
Grandpa
wow wow between Sanders and Biden not
being able to read the room do they
understand that California's a blue
state or
was
um let's see according to the New York
Post I think Molly Hemingway flagged
this that uh uh Governor Newsome is
launching his Trump resistance plan this
week so so Nome wants to tell you how
much he's resisting Trump which looks
like the problem not the solution this
week doesn't it cuz now we have we have
on video Trump saying all the right
things about fire prevention in
California you've blocked the
water you you block you're not doing
Forest
management turns out those were the
right answers those were the right
answers of course he's against Dei again
we don't know that that caused this
problem but it's the right you know
overarching theme so Trump was as right
about this situation and on time because
he said it way before it happened he was
right and he was on
time and it looks like California
completely screwed the pooch on in every
Dimension at least it looks that way we
don't know that that's true but let me
talk about the future of California
politics because everything has a
political element to it
um and here's how Trump posted it he
said uh on his one of his posts some
truth I I think he said the governor new
scum as he calls him chose to save the
extinct fish instead of sending water to
Southern California to fight apocalyptic
wildfires now this is another example of
how good Trump is in
messaging to take this big complicated
situation and just turn it into new scum
chosen extinct fish over saving the
lives of
Californians it's an oversimplification
and I don't even know if the fish part
is really a valid I don't even know if
that's a valid claim because if you turn
on CNN they're going to say well but you
know it's Republican's fault too and
blah blah blah I don't know what they
say but but there's more context to it
however as a political messaging thing
the the Brilliance of the summary is
what Trump does better than anybody
nobody does that well he he's the best
ever as summarized
nobody summarizes better than he
does um Adam Cora who apparently is one
of the more famous people being
displaced he looked like he was in a
hotel room and he did a video and he he
was explaining something that you might
not fully understand outside of
California do you know how hard it is to
build something in California all of
these people who think well I'll get my
insurance check or maybe I had some
extra money and I'm going to rebuild so
they're going to go to the sity and say
Here's my plan oh my God they're just
entering hell um I won't go into the
details but let me let me just tell you
this getting a California entity any any
City really to approve a building of
anything is pretty much a nightmare the
the house I'm in right now I you know
had built but I think it
took 18 months just to get
approval something something like that
now these are people who just think well
it should be easy because I'm just going
to build back the house I had you know
with slight
variety it's not going to be easy you
you're going to spend a year not getting
the permit and then good luck finding a
contractor because everybody in your
whole city is trying to hire the
contractor who knows how to build stuff
you're not going to have a contractor
you're not going to be able to get
insurance you're not going to be able to
pay for it with the insurance you don't
have you're not going to be able to get
a
permit I don't
believe the the country and maybe even
Californians have absorbed how bad this
is you're seeing something closer to the
beginning of the problem than the end as
bad as it was and we don't I don't think
we can fully appreciate the economic
disruption to the state who's going to
pay for the recovery I don't think the
federal government is going to pay for
it all is this raise my California taxes
again from the highest taxes to the
highest taxes on
Turbo how are we going to survive it how
are we going to fix the things that need
to get fixed we're we're already paying
the highest taxes and it feels like the
lowest level of service in
return so now if you think we're just
going to rebuild you don't know
California that might be just empty
land for the rest of my life like I I
don't know that it's I just don't see a
path where that quickly gets
fixed I don't know
um here's what I think I think this has
been such a black eye for the management
of the state that for the first time
recently I can say it's possible to have
a republican Governor now it would take
a special character it would take a
Reagan type character who was a rep
rep and I don't know anybody in the
state who would fit that you know
reaganesque
um thing um and would also have
experience managing something because
you you don't want somebody who's never
managed anything because the state is
you know as much management as politics
so it's not exactly like other jobs you
need to manage so we need a you know
disantis type of Governor so if somebody
like D santis became available to run
for
governor it's the best time now other
people are going to say Scott Scott
Scott I think you don't realize that the
the The Blue Team um has California all
wrapped up and no no nobody but a
Democrat could win and it's not just
because of the voters it's because the
Democrat machine controls too much and
they can rig any vote to go the way they
want because they just control too much
now that might be true
however I think that uh the opening is
now if it's ever going to happen uh I
saw some people suggest this that maybe
a smart independent like Nicole Shanahan
would be a possibility now I like
everything about Nicole Shanahan but I
don't know that she has exactly the
right background for managing because
whoever takes his job has to like dig
into you know the whole water thing the
forest thing yeah it's it's really a
management thing
so as a high quality and as much as I
would trust Nicole shanan I like
everything about her basically um I
don't know if she has the exact
background that that fits this
slot um but maybe somebody will
emerge and then as people have noted the
legislature would probably still stay
blue and so even the governor couldn't
get anything
done
um so I saw some related to this I saw
Bill Mah video and he was talking to
Stephen A Smith and Mar said this that
really caught my attention he said quote
I've been out with every type of
celebrity you know meaning just having
fun and he says they don't say the
things they say to me to other
celebrities there it
is now you probably said to yourself
Scott you can't get a republican
Governor because the state is Phil Phil
so many Democrat voters you're you're
never going to get over the hump I don't
think they're
Democrats I think they're literally
pretending to be Democrats I think that
the I think that every one of these
people who may have been seeming like
political enemies are now seeing that
the thing we need to you know get
together on is common sense stuff I
don't believe there's Democrat who
wanted less Forest management well
there's some crazy ones who you know
want to preserve everything natural but
not
really I don't think there's any
Democrats who say I'm sure glad we
didn't have enough
water right I don't think there are any
Democrats who said uh sure is a good
thing there were not enough escape routs
from a place that is an obvious fire
risk these are all so clearly and
cleanly Common Sense issues that I don't
think anybody's going to give a
about the smelt
going
forward try try to try stopping us from
fixing the state because of a
smelt yeah
because I don't think that works anymore
so of course I'm speaking for my own
little bubble because you know I'm very
influenced by how I personally feel
about this which is some intense
feelings uh in many
directions I'm pretty sure that this is
the wakeup call that tells everybody in
the South you know the the Republicans
don't hate you you get that right we
really I'm going to say we because I
caucus with the Republicans even though
I'm uh I'm a Democrat by um
registration um I
think I think maybe it will be a little
better understood that Trump was on
California's side and whatever the
Democrats running things were
doing may have been for their own
benefit or may have been just pure
incompetence we don't know what it was
but we know that Trump had exactly the
right solution in exactly the right time
early and we know that the Democrats
failed just in performance the exact
reasons hard to know but they certainly
failed
um Hunter Biden's rental burned up and I
I think the M the thing that bothered me
the most about that was that it was a
rental like it's it's bad enough if
you're the landlord for Hunter
Biden CU remember uh we heard the story
that he had rented someplace and didn't
pay in the past a different place but he
had been renting a place and didn't pay
the rent and then he used the Secret
Service to keep the landlord from
getting to him to ask for the rent that
is like the most effed up thing you're
going to hear he didn't pay the
rent and he used his secret service
protection to make sure that nobody
would come bug him to get the
rent that actually happened was it Shan
Maguire I think was the landlord there
uh so he's I don't think he's in that
house anymore but uh I just feel sorry
doubly sorry for the whoever owned it
because they lost their house that was
rental but also they had Hunter Biden as
as a resident I mean I don't know if you
could even cleaned it after that Christy
tan and John Legend and their kids are
in a hotel Henry winklers said some
angry drunk looking things he's he's
affected
um I have mixed feelings talking about
the celebrities
involved on one hand I don't think this
is a story about celebrities and so it's
just gross and icky that they're even
part of the story like why do we care
about them more does it matter more to
you that Henry Winkler is safe than
Henry Winkler's not famous
neighbor I mean there so there's
something creepy about it but at the
same time the politics of it is that
these are the some of them are some of
them are conservative but number of
other ones are outspoken Democrats and I
would love to know how Chrissy Teegan
and John Legend feel about their
team after losing their house to their
team do does that change how you
feel what else could I mean is see if
you're going to change somebody's mind
having a debate with them H maybe
usually not having really good
points yeah might work but probably not
really being good at persuasion it might
help but probably not people are pretty
set in their ways you burn down
somebody's
house you have their
attention everybody who lost the house
is now open to a better argument a lot
of Minds open up
so I think I think uh California is in
play anyway in related but other news
because we can't spend all our time
talking about this it's just it's just
too hard um Trump is as other people
have noted flooding the zone so he's
completely controlling the news uh even
the fire which you would think you know
is not directly a trump topic he's still
the top of the news because he said the
right things and did the right things
and it stands in contrast to what
happened so not only that but apparently
he's uh there's a report from Steph
Knight I think she's a
axios um saying that uh there's some
knowledge that Trump plans to flood the
Zone with a 100 executive
orders uh like his first day or first
week or something
now so we've got Trump talking about you
know Greenland Panama Canada he's
talking about the fire um he might have
a hundred executive orders every day
three new
things this is the only way to defeat
the fake
news and you know he's always done this
thing where he he keeps the Overton
window so to speak keeps the action
going and it keeps the attention on
him but I think I just realized the
other hidden benefit of
this you know as we've often said
Republicans can be right and they can be
wrong they can have wrong
facts um and often do they might believe
in some conspiracy theories that don't
prove out but that's normal sort of
normal human
beings on the Democrat side there's an
organized hoax creation you know machine
for the Democrats they'll create a hoax
about the other side and then they'll
use their news their media and their
Talking Heads to say the same things
over and over
again right how many times have you seen
that well he's a he's a convicted felon
you know that's just the talking point
and if they say convicted felon a
million times it's going to stick in
your head because repetition is the
number one tool of
persuasion and even more importantly
it's the number one tool of
brainwashing brainwashing requires you
to hear the same exact message over and
over and over and over again until your
brain just uncritically says well it
must be true I keep hearing it which
doesn't make sense but your brain will
process it that way so what Trump has
done is he's removed from the fake news
the ability to repeat any of their
messages often enough for them to stick
because they start going on with he
wants to send the military into
Greenland and then they repeat that L we
got them we got them because nobody's
going to be in favor of you know sending
the military in although some are so
they repeat that and then the next thing
you know he's talking about Panama and
then they're like all right what are we
saying about Panama uh Panama uh wait
he's talking about Canada now what what
do we say about Canada wait what did he
say about the smelt
wait new scum he's calling him new scum
100 executive
orders they can't repeat often enough he
took away from them their number one
persuasion trick
repetition now is this
intentional do you think that he
intentionally said if I just take away
all of their oxygen they'll never be
able to repeat anything enough to
stick the answer is
yes yes this is absolutely intentional
now that doesn't mean it's only Trump
who knows this he's working with Steven
Miller and you know a bunch of brilliant
people right the brilliant people can
see this clear as they so yes it's not
an accident they going to have a 100
executive orders and he's talking about
things that make your hair just catch on
fire like you can't and also everything
that Trump says is too interesting to
ignore it doesn't matter what he says
it's always too interesting to ignore
he's what Greenland
what so yes is intentional yes is
brilliant in a way that we don't even
deserve like we don't even deserve that
level of capability and and when he
shows you the competence level that he
brings just a message
the competence level that he brought to
his
campaign the competence level in which
he's taking things that people said are
ridiculous things to do such as you know
using the old Twitter or now posting
things that are like geopolitical you
know hugely important things he makes
that work when you watch somebody who is
just an extreme example of competence
with his team right he doesn't do
everything alone but
I think people are going to notice
competence is hard to ignore if you just
keep at it and he
is well in other news if there's any
good news at all the employment for this
coming year looks like a little better
than people expected that hasn't
happened yet but the thinking is that um
in surveys big companies are showing
much more optimism and more um more uh
let's say prediction that they'll do
serious hiring apparently the reason
there was less hiring than there might
have been is that big companies said oh
we better wait to see if AI is going to
take all the jobs and now they've waited
and like my example where I started the
show where I said I tried to get AI to
do any simple thing just look at a
document and summarize it and just
because it was multiple Pages it just
couldn't do it so I think that probably
the companies have now wised up that
what they thought was going to be this
instant replacement of employees with
machines it might still happen but not
in
2025 so in 2025 they're like uh we're
going to need human bodies because we
can tell them to look at the whole
contract not just four pages and
quit so it could be that at least in the
short run a little little bump and
Improvement in
employment um I just this is just an as
side because I'm amused by it
but do you remember Aaron
rupar uh he's the reason that I came up
with the phrase a rupar for a
description of a video that's been
edited to change his meaning because he
did a number of those and it looked like
he knew he was doing it you couldn't
tell because you can't read his mind but
it looked like I feel like he knows he
took that out of context and uh then I
saw he he made some claim uh I think it
was yesterday it doesn't matter what the
claim was but the Community note to it
uh just noted that he's a well-known
liar so the actual Community note wasn't
just that he was saying something that
wasn't true it's said he was a well he
was a well-known famous liar who does it
for
clicks now I'm paraphrasing but it said
basically that uh now as soon as I
refreshed it the community note changed
to something less less attacking of his
character but for
moment the community notes has settled
on yeah he's just a famous liar so you
shouldn't pay attention to
him if if I contributed even
1% by making people understand that a
rupar is literally a you know a fake
post or edit if I contributed even 1% to
that I'm
proud all
right
um I love I love the fake news talking
about the uh the use of force to
overtake Greenland so I guess the
Pentagon was asked if there was any kind
of plan to invade Greenland but what's
funny is that the whoever was talking
some kind of Pentagon spokesperson uh
said that they didn't know of any
plan it was short of a
no so instead of saying no there's no
plan to use the military uh or or even a
plan to what would look like if he used
the military instead the spokesperson
said I'm not aware of
one would the spokesperson be aware of
the secret attack
plans I feel like you wouldn't tell the
spokesperson because if you told them
they could accidentally tip somebody off
so the spokesperson never knows the
secret attack plans do they because if
they do that feels like a mistake to me
but anyway well the only thing I want to
add to this is that why would the
Pentagon need a
plan the entire country is 56,000 people
mostly in one
place uh and they seem to be fairly pro-
Maga pro-american and if it were up to
them and not Denmark who owns them if it
were just up to the people in
Greenland it's kind of looking like they
might be okay with this idea but I think
it's funny that anybody would ask the
Pentagon if they have a if they have a
conquest plan for Greenland when all
they really needed was Don Jr and
Charlie Kirk to fly over there and take
some selfies now to be fair Don Jr and
Charlie Kirk taking selfies with the
locals is not enough to conquer a
country it's not enough they might have
to go back two or three more times and
take more selfies that should be enough
I think three to four trips of Don J and
Charlie Kirk taking
selfies the whole island surrenders then
we just have to you know work on a deal
with Denmark so no no military needed
just Don and
Charlie all right uh Senator Rick Scott
has introduced a uh some legislation to
stop the changing of the clocks twice a
year I keep wanting to have an opinion
on that but I don't and I'm going to
admit why because I don't know what
change they're talking
about it's too hard for me to figure out
the
whole hour hour backwards hour forwards
but if they standardize it which one are
they standardizing on because I never
know which one is which one's the base
case I don't know and and I also don't
know if I'd like it since I've never
experienced it you know the the
different amount of light at a different
time of day I've never experienced it so
how would I even have an opinion on that
maybe I'd like it a little bit more in
the morning but dislike it at more at
night but what's the net know so if it's
expensive and I know it cuts down on a
productivity when the time
changes I I don't see a reason to change
the time so I'm in favor of changing it
but I don't have any idea what that
looks like like in my actual life so but
just in terms of economics it makes
sense um Britain is threatened to cut
ties security ties with the US unless uh
Trump stops working with Elon Musk
according to the National pulse William
Upton to which I
say Great Britain is threatening to cut
ties with
us
okay the uh can you remind me uh
what are all the military advantages
we're getting from protecting
them what trade you know what products
are you getting from England from their
manufacturing
base how much do we need
England or the UK or Great Britain how
much do we need them I don't know sounds
like a pretty bad threat bad threat to
me and I don't think there's any chance
they're going to cut
ties Biden is considering according to
the post millennial Hayden Cunningham is
writing that Biden's thinking about
preemptive pardons for Liz Cheney and
Anthony
fouchi so Liz Chene for the corrupt um
Insurrection so-called Insurrection
committee
um do you have a problem with
that yeah this one's an interesting one
because I think I don't know if any
charges would ever be brought up because
there's a lot of bad behavior that I
don't know if it's criminal it's just
really really bad and unethical Behavior
so if they get a preemptive pardon we
don't have to watch the trial and talk
about it but also it would label them
forever as
felons because who gets a preemptive
pardon I would like to ask the following
question in the history of
Pardons how many times as a completely
innocent person got a preemptive
pardon is there even one time that's
ever happened where somebody who was
legitimately innocent got a preemptive
pardon can you think of any time that's
ever happened no you give a preemptive
pardon to somebody you know is damn
guilty so now they to be fair they might
be more worried about some illegitimate
lawfare being used against them and if
that's the only thing they're thinking
well
you know if they if they if you think
there was no real
crime maybe but the way we're going to
read it is that they've just they just
they just declared themselves guilty if
they accept a preemptive pardon for
something they didn't
do I'm not going to believe they didn't
do it I'm just going to believe oh you
know you're dirty you lucky you lucky
guy and lucky
woman um
all right the Mexican
president what's her name Claudia Shin
bomb I will never get tired of saying
this the Mexican president Claudia Shin
Bal I'm going to say it another time
because it's funny so the Mexican
president Claudia Shin balb the Jewish
woman I just love that that she you know
uh I have to give Mexico credit
because you think of Mexico as you know
they're going to be kind of a
patriarchy you presume if it's if most
of the residents are Mexican they're
going to vote for you know somebody
who's as Mexican as possible uh but they
elected they elected Claudia shine bomb
and I give them credit for that if she
does a good
job good work um anyway so she's
responding to Trump saying that he wants
the gulf to be called the Gulf of
America instead of the Gulf of Mexico go
and she's shooting back and she says the
US the US should be called America
Mexicana uh let's see how long it takes
me to forget her
framing one two
three wait what did she say what did she
call
it do you see how special Trump
is Trump says extinct fish once and I'll
remember it for the rest of my
life the Mexican president as capable as
she probably is I imagine she's very
good in
general to get where she got but she
tries to match him he's like ah how
about I got it I'm G to Zing you how
about we call it America
Mexicana why isn't everybody clapping
clap please
the the difference in Persuasion and
communication skill is just so
striking like you don't realize how good
Trump is at the what I'll call the
little stuff you know just the ordinary
communication you don't realize how good
he is until you see somebody else try it
and then and they just do a total face
plant I had to read it again America
Mexicana no that's not a good try
well Russia's introducing these uh land
robot tank things it looks like a little
miniature tank and it could have wheels
or tracks but it's got loaded with all
kinds of weapons and they're going to
make a bunch of them they say and send
them at
Ukraine um here's my question can Russia
manufacture now I know they have
manufacturing and I know they make
weapons and this is a weapon but
if they if their uh outcome of the war
depends on making a lot of these robots
that they've never made before how good
are they going to be now it could be
that you know even if Russia is not a
massively good uh Manufacturing Company
it could be that they put their best
people in the military stuff which would
make sense and uh maybe this is maybe
it's good work and maybe they're they
can crank them out like crazy but the
thing I'd be looking for
is whether they can
manufacture well enough to put working
models in the field that make a
difference now the other thing is that
even the ground robots like these the
ones on wheels or running dogs or
whatever they will soon be programmed to
swarm just like the drones in the air so
if you if you organize the drones so
that they operate as one and they swarm
there's almost no defense but likewise
if you were in you know if you were on
the front line and you're a human being
and you get swarmed by these robots
you're going to be in a lot of trouble
the robots on the ground
because it probably takes a little bit
of planning and work and strange
execution to even take out one of them
if six of them are bearing down on
you you you got to run and it will run
faster than you so it's going to get
real interesting thing in Ukraine I I
would look to see if they can
manufacture well and
quickly well I'm going to do something
that you don't like uh I'm going to
defend uh U
khaw so Dan
kensaw uh is often reported for having
very high relative to other people uh
really good gains on his stock picks so
there's another story today mentioning
that he's a top five investor among
Congress you're like H top five did he
do that because of Insider information
and the implication is that it's because
he has Insider information so that he
and other members who trade are just
beaten people because they're inside
information and it was poting out that
he had a high percentage
gain so if you look at his gain I think
it was over 40% for the year or
something that that would put him in the
top five now now what do I teach you
about spotting fake news if you know the
percentage of gain he made but they
don't tell you the dollar amount is it
real news or fake news the answer is
it's fake news if they told you both the
percentage and the dollar amount it
might be real if they told you only the
dollar amount without the percentage
that would be fake and if they told you
the percentage without the dollar amount
which is what they did that's fake so
the first thing you need to know is that
you got abused when you read the story
you got abused somebody's trying to pull
one over on you turns out his portfolio
is not very big he's not a rich guy and
he said directly that one of the few
ways that he can get ahead and still
afford to be in Congress because it
doesn't pay that much relative to the
cost of being there that uh he
absolutely needs to you know augment his
income and he does it by trading now how
did you how did you rule out the
possibilities at it he told you he needs
it he told you he focuses on it that's
different than most of the people in
Congress most of the people in Congress
don't need it a lot of them are rich I
don't know what percentage but a lot of
them are rich and some of them are not
concentrating on it you know they're
concentrating on other things he's
concentrating on it if you knew his
educational background it's really good
do you know how much like formal
education he's had Plus the
military I don't think people understand
how academically trained he is so you
got somebody who's got higher academic
training than most of Congress unlike
Congress he's really paying attention
which means he's learning how to do it
right and there's very little dollar
amount so if some so if he had one good
pick he he would had that gain how do
you know that the reason he's he's up is
some kind of secret ins
information what if and this is not in
the story this should be in the story
what if he bought stock in
Nvidia do you know who bought stock in
Nvidia I
did and and a lot of my followers did
because I mentioned it you know as sort
of once ever you know kind of a unique
situation so most of my most of my
followers probably had the same return
he did cuz if the only thing you did was
buy the one most obvious stock
Nvidia you would you would beat all the
other members of Congress is that what
happened if he had just bought
Tesla he would have beat most of the
members of Congress if he had just
invested in you know one of the uh
Atomic stocks that I mentioned that I'm
not going to mention today he would have
beat everybody it only took one just one
one good stock in his whole port
portfolio is up 40% so if you see a
story that says he did better than the
other people in Congress and therefore
the implication is that he broke some
law or did something not he wouldn't
break a law because it's legal for them
to use to be inside of Traitor that if
you believe that it was like some secret
unethical thing he did to get those
gains there's no evidence of that in the
story there's no evidence of it in the
story now if there is evidence of any
bad behavior or you know it wouldn't be
illegal so I guess it wouldn't even be
necessarily unethical but you wouldn't
like it you're G you're going to have to
give me a lot more than he did a good
job because if you're complaint about
the guy is he's good at
investing that just pisses me off that
just pisses me off because that's
punishing somebody for
competence and that might be the only
anything that's happening now again let
me be very clear I don't know if there's
any you know valid insider trading that
that helped his returns I don't know but
what I do know is you don't know you
don't know so if you're going to go from
he's a good investor to he did something
sketchy that you hate that's a leap I
can't support and it pisses me off when
somebody does a good job and there's no
evidence that he did it
unethically that we we crit criticize
him for
competence and for making it affordable
to do the job of the
people now before you give me a hard
time because I know you want to you're
going to say but but Scott what about
those other unrelated things that we
don't like about his
policies fine I'm not arguing
that if you don't think he's doing the
job you
want I'm not even in that conversation I
I don't know enough frankly about him
but um my my and I'll also tell you just
for full disclosure that uh I have had
conversations with him because I did his
podcast a while ago so I've interacted
with him at least on you know a zoom
kind of a way and he's a really nice
guy I don't know if you know that but
he's a really nice guy and so I'm
influenced by that and then I see him
being attacked for something that if
there's any basis to this nobody's
nobody's revealing it so let's let's
uh let's calm down on that you're
certainly makes sense to go after him
for the other stuff but let let me sum
that up with a little bit of a
context um sometimes you wonder what's
it like to be a public figure such as
Dan kensaw and such as me what's it like
to be a public
figure well like like Dan crenchaw one
thing I have in common with him is that
I've had several scandals in my career
some of them you haven't heard of or you
forgot about because they're so long one
of the things that all of my scandals
have in common is that none of them have
actually
happened none of them happened for
example uh let's say uh I'm being
criticized for being an H1B
supporter so that's that's late
that didn't happen not once no I have
said we need to bring in you know only
the best people who make sense but the
H1B process apparently doesn't do that
so I've never said it does that I've
never said I was in favor of it and it's
the biggest thing I'm being criticized
for let's see I'm also being criticized
for recommending that people get
vaccinated during the pandemic which
never happened and I
forcefully always said the opposite very
frequently probably said it over and
over again I'm not your doctor I'm not
telling you to get it I'm not telling
you not to get it it's a personal
decision opposite literally the opposite
of what I'm blamed for do you remember
um some of you might remember the thing
that first derailed my career this was
years ago where I had an argument where
I predicted that Evolution the theory of
evolution would would be debunked in my
lifetime and that it would de be
debunked not
necessarily in in a let's say in classic
ways but it would be debunked because we
would understand the nature of reality
so differently that Evolution would stop
making sense and that happened that's
called the simulation now you could
argue that the simulation is not real
but the argument is it's a trillion to
one likely that it is and if we're a
simulation then the past is actually
created on
demand now I could be right about that
right I could be right about that or I
could be wrong about that and I don't
know but what I will tell you is that
100% of the push back to my
opinion was based on stuff I didn't say
so again this this major thing I
probably lost I bet I lost 30% of the
dilber fans
over this something I was right about at
least in terms of knowing that some some
rethinking of reality would cause us to
rethink Evolution that was one hell of a
good prediction I mean that was a crazy
good prediction like
Beyond if it's right and I think it
is um then does anybody remember this
will be a good test how many of you
remember the sock
puppet um see Scandal about me the
accusation was that I I sock puppeted
which is a very specific act do you
anybody remember that which never
happened it never happened now did I go
online with a uh fake identity and have
what I thought was a hilarious
conversation with somebody who wanted to
argue about the intelligence of Scott
Adams yes I
did why did I do it
I was just debunking some hoaxes that
were told about me one of the hoaxes was
that I was a holocaust denier do you see
the pattern yet I'm not a holocaust
Den but the public had decided I was you
see the pattern right 100% of all of my
scandals never happened none of them not
a single one so when I look at and let
me give you some others I'm also called
a uh climate denier like I did I science
that's not
happening that's not real um and then
what about my
cancellation my cancellation happened
almost entirely for political reasons
because there's not a single Republican
who's canceled me and and 100% of the
people who have heard me explain the
situation in detail because you know the
drama never gets you the detail 100%
have not disagreed with my Point nobody
there are people who didn't understand
the point and there are people who said
it made me mad which I acknowledge and
there are people who said you shouldn't
have said it that's their opinion but
what they think I did and said didn't
happen I was complaining Against
Racism and I was accused of being a
racist no I'm complaining about
racists I'm anti-racist the entire rant
was Against
Racism and I got accused of being racist
now so here's the context so you look at
Dan khaw and you see this about
his investing do you think that's real
you just you just heard my resume all of
the all of the claims against me are
fake we add a context to the point that
they're
reversed so I don't know the truth about
the Dan crena investment stuff but if
but with what I know if I had to place a
bet especially knowing that people have
been watching his Investments really
closely because this is you know it's
sort of an evergreen thing that they say
about him you don't have one example you
can't give us one example of a company
that he had special knowledge about and
that's the reason he made money because
if you've got even one example you
better lead with that how about he made
this investment with Insider information
on this company and here's the name of
the company and that caused him to have
a 40% gain you tell me that and you have
my attention then I'm going to say oh
still legal completely legal but I'd say
you maybe we should look at change in
that
law so just put it in context most
stories like this one you know the the
investment one they'll they don't play
out they're they're fake
so again I'm not defending Dan CAW for
any other opinions they might be
excellent they might not be
but that's not my topic today thank you
for watching ladies and gentlemen uh you
continue to be the thing that keeps me
alive because I love connecting with all
of you in real time all right I'm going
to say hi to the locals people and
everybody else uh have a terrific day as
best you can unless you're in Southern
California and then we'll see what we
can do for you and locals I'm coming at
you privately in 30
second
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e