[Music]
hey everybody come on out it's time for
a coffee with Scott Adams there will be
a simultaneous up don't worry don't
worry there will be it's coming up and
you don't need much know all you need to
participate in the simultaneous sip hey
DJ doctor funk juice good to see you all
you need is a couple more a mug or a
glass of tanker chalasis night in the
canteen Jagger flasks a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid
the you know I like coffee enjoyed me
though for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything including the pandemic
better it's called the simultaneous up
it happens now go well I just woke up so
I'm a little bit groggy and we gotta say
I'm not exactly top of the ball right
now but would I ever miss our time
together no I would not one of the
things I'm doing during the coronavirus
is I guess I was doing this before is I
don't set my alarm clock so rather than
getting up at a certain time
sometimes you're tired sometimes you're
not I have taken the decision that
during the coronavirus if my body wants
to sleep I'll sleep and if it wants to
get up I get up so sometimes I get up at
2:00 in the morning
which is not unusual actually maybe
about thirty percent of the time I'm up
around 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning cuz
that's what my body wakes up today woke
up at 6:10 so there's about a four hour
difference it in terms of where my body
naturally wakes up on any given day so I
just go with it
anyway if you joined me last night for
the simultaneous swaddle the evening
version of this you saw be cutting
bionaire
those of you who missed that well that
was quite an exciting moment yeah looks
pretty good doesn't it
I'm not showing you the back because I
cut it myself I don't know what's going
on back there
but it's not good I'm sure all right
let's talk about some stuff
the New York Times finally did their
story about Joe Biden but of course they
they tried to put a positive spin on it
so here he is accused of this fairly
serious thought fairly serious it's
pretty serious
sexual crime in the 90s and the New York
Times it covers it up basically they're
trying to soft-pedal it that's my
opinion by saying well you know there
weren't any other complaints other than
you know kissing and hugging and
touching too much and then they got rid
of that part because everybody said wait
a minute those are bad things to all
that unwanted touching hugging him and
kissing so it gets even better
so they New York Times agreed to an
interview with repentance Smith - and
they were asked like why did it take so
long to even cover the story and and I
rated the story and it said that there
people on the Internet were pointing out
that the New York Times have not covered
the story that said anything about it
for days after the story broke and it
was just kind of noticeable so I'm
reading I'm reading the story about the
story and the story about the story says
that people on the Internet just people
you know generic people the internet
were asking and noticing that the New
York Times have not mentioned anything
about it for days and days and I'm
reading the story I go ok this is the
part this is the part of the story where
you say the mic sort of itch noticed on
the Internet and Mike sort of edge had
been tweeting a lot of people had
retweeted Mike Serna Mitch
but correct me if I'm wrong it wasn't
people on the internet it was Mike
certamen and I think this is just
there's somebody laughs to fact-check me
on this but am i right that this is yet
another case where mike Serna vich makes
national news and the national news
writes the story without him in it it's
getting kind of noticeable isn't it
champion checked me on that right but I
think I only saw it from Mike and I
remember retweeting it but I don't
remember any other major player who was
talking about it other than retweeting
Mike so did they were just rewrite write
him out of the story again did that
happen I think it did so today the stock
market is up I think I told you publicly
I wouldn't I wouldn't say this except I
had already told you publicly that when
the stock market hit the bottom I took
all the cash I had and put it into
amazon.com now I didn't have a lot of
cash sitting around I was mostly
invested so it wasn't it's not a big
deal in terms of percentage but anything
I could get my hands on I just dumped
today Amazon stock and the Amazon stock
just hit an all-time high and there's
only one other time
that I was sure about what to do with my
money it was in two thousand eight or
nine whatever that downturn was and when
the entire market went down and it
looked like maybe the entire economy of
the world would just disappear I don't
know if you remember how scary that was
but in 2009 it looked like maybe the
entire economy of Earth would just
disappear for a while and so of course
the stock mark is sank on that that fear
and I said to myself then Scott wait a
minute what if I took all of my money
you know anything I could scrape
together and booked Wells Fargo Bank
stock and here was the thinking Wells
Fargo is one of the strongest banks and
if the strongest bank failed well
everything's
fail right you know it's it's not like
the bank fills by itself if the banks
fail everything's done you know that is
the the end of the economy so I said to
myself I can't I can't guess you know if
Nike will do well or you know this
company or that I can't guess that but I
could certainly guess that if any of
them do well the banks are gonna come
raging back so I didn't make that bet
because I said to myself you know I
don't think I can bet a hundred percent
of what I have everything I've learned
in my life I can't bet at all of this
one bat but if I did I had I would have
traveled by net worth because there was
logical there was a name downside there
wasn't any way to be wrong about betting
for the big banks because if you were
wrong about them all the other companies
would be out of business at the same
time and if you were right it would be
the one that would roar back most
reliably so when this latest unpleasant
unpleasantness unpleasantness happened I
thought about that strategy again and it
probably wouldn't work again because
banks are in reasonably good shape but I
thought you know amazon.com has become
almost the equivalent of a big bank if
you think about it now not in terms of
doing banking business but in terms of
the size of it in any world in which
amazon.com goes out of business
especially in a world where people are
moving toward delivery and not away from
it any world in which Amazon went out of
business
everything's gone you know what I mean
by the time the Amazon can't survive
everything's gone
so I said to myself well I won't put all
of my money there but I'll I'll do what
I can so that turned out to be a good
bet now here's the larger the larger
point it's very rare very rare but every
now and then will be this little
situation that's unique in history where
you can't make the wrong back and this
was one of them in 2009 was the other
way it wasn't possible it was possible
to lose your money so let me be clear
about that
because if the whole economy had gone
down well you would gone down with it
but it's a bet that the whole economy
won't go down because if it does nothing
matters it doesn't matter what you bet
and if it doesn't well you better the
right thing so it's one of those few few
cases where you can know for sure no
doubt about it that you made a financial
investment that is a hundred percent the
right decision even even if things don't
work out it's still the right decision
it's very rare let me tell you some of
my other bets so this is just full
disclosure I realized that what I was
going to tell you that I should tell you
what I'm betting in the betting markets
because you don't want to hear it about
it after the fact right you know you
don't want to after the election I say
oh I had a bet on that you want to hear
now so you know that I really put money
on these things now this is small money
so there's nothing I'm gonna talk about
here that's any kind of money that
changes my life these are these are just
fund amounts so I'll give you the mouth
the amounts but they're in the thousands
not the millions just so you got a
sizing for it so here are my bets some
good and some bad
okay so these are all bets that I made a
while ago so none of these are fresh no
I say none of them are fresh I don't
think there's any of these bets that
aren't months old
several months and some older all right
one bad eye I had was just an order who
will be the 2020 Democratic nominee as
you know I had a bet on calm low but
later as things started shaping up I put
separate bats and Pete Budaj edge and
Joe Biden obviously the Joe Biden bet is
in the money the other two are not and
so I've got a loss of that one about
half of it half about half a loss but
you know since I picked Biden also I've
got a little bit of a game on just that
all right 2028 presidential winner I bet
on Trump you know a long time ago you
know I don't know many months ago a year
ago nine months ago or something
I bet on Trump his odds now are good so
I'm I'm well in the money on Trump
the market expects him to naked the 2020
Democratic nominee I'm not money on that
one because that was calm law but I
think I might still actually be sort of
right with Carmel Harris if she's the
vice president nominee it's kind of like
she's the president likewise I had a bet
and again this is from last year that
the 2020 Democratic nominee would be a
woman now of course I've lost that bat
or the bat is not in the money we don't
have a final on that but it looks like
it would be Biden not a woman but if he
picks Kamala Harris I would argue that
although I will lose my money on the bat
because I won't technically be right I
would argue that I'm right on my bet
that a woman is the nominee because it
will be comely Harris as vice president
maybe or an elite at least be a woman
right because Biden said he's going to
pick a woman and don't we all agree that
the vice president is really the
candidate in this special case so even
though my bets are wrong I think my bets
are right you know in a non-technical
sense I think they're right
so I also had a bet that the 2020
Democratic nominee would be over 70
years old and and so that one's in the
money so the ones that are in the money
are the ones that I bet on Trump and I
bet on the nominee being over 20 or I'm
sorry over 70 and I had a bat on the oh
I haven't been on the 2020 Democratic VP
nominee so I'd forgotten that I had been
on cobble F to be the vice presidential
choice probably better than that about
the time she dropped out of the race I'm
guessing and so I'm weighing the money
on that so I'd make a I'd make a ton if
she gets the VP nomination and what I
say I'd make a ton none of these dollar
amounts are enough to change how I act
in public you know none of this none of
this is like I made well I'll give you
I'll give you a size of it there's no
thing that I could win there would be
above $5,000 because I want to tell you
that I'm not gaming the system to you
know take home a big paycheck all right
so another year will change my life but
I wanted to be transparent about what
stuff I'm betting on all right
Mark Cuban had an interesting tweet
which I think I agree with completely
and I missed this but you so you'll have
to tell me if this really happened why I
assume it really happened because why
would he tweet this otherwise so Mark
Cuban's tweets at Fox News CNN and MSNBC
calls them out of this tweet and he says
WTF question the White House press
conference tonight finally in capitals
finally presents real data in capital
finally presents real data on the
distribution of pp and all of you caught
away did you see that I couldn't watch
it also I didn't see that but Mark Cuban
is saying that when the press conference
finally was going to give the public
real data the one thing we wanted what
have I been complaining about for months
I think months give us some data in
context not just raw numbers to tell me
anything
and apparently they were getting ready
to do that and all three networks kind
of way and then Cubans says one of the
most important devices of topics facing
our first responders and you think it's
not important and the he bookends his
comments with with WTFs of both sides
WTF to start WTF to end and I I have to
add my own WTF WTF what are you kidding
me well that this is what Mark Cuban
says and he was watching it so I assume
that I assume he switched between
channels to see it and couldn't find it
so the part that I'm not sure of is how
well they were going to cover it because
in the past they've covered the the PP
numbers but not in a useful way they
were just
throw out numbers out of context so if
they were gonna do better than that I
got a real question what's up with that
here's an interesting tidbit this room
from jeff Pilkington on Twitter made
this observation and I don't know if
this came from any other source or this
is his own observation but it goes like
this
here are some some countries that have
an unusual or unusually large number of
elevators they raise this so these
places have are known to have a lot of
elevators
what is Italy what is Spain what is
China and in other places New York City
what do any of these places have in
common
Italy China Spain and New York City yeah
yeah lots of coronavirus wouldn't you
imagine that an airborne virus which is
especially bad as if you spend close
time next to somebody and it's worse if
there's more than one person who's
breathing off the you know the air
somebody says dr. Joo has been talking
about elevators yeah we always thought
that elevators were a factor in New York
City because when we talked about New
York City
you think elevators right lots of big
buildings so we'd always had a little
suspicion that maybe that's why New York
City was worse than the rest of the
United States but did you know that
Italy has the highest number of
elevators where did that come from
right Italy would not invent on my top
20 guesses of most elevators so Wow we
might be a really healthy country in a
few months if everybody stops taking the
elevator and it makes perfect sense that
the elevators would be the worst place
doesn't it if it's good to open your
windows in your house it's good to be
outdoors because the air is gonna you
know clean away anything any of your
droplets that are near you'd have to
think that an elevator would be the
worst place you could be so we'll see if
that bears out all right let me know
fact-check Oh apparently Australia's
Prime Minister is blasting the World
Health Organization Tuesday over its
stance on wet markets so China's decided
to keep its wet markets open despite
them being a source for pandemics and
the Australia's Prime Minister called a
quote unfathomable that the UN agency
supports them opening because I guess
the world health organization supports
China and keeping the wet markets open
may I borrow a technique from Mark Cuban
WTF question mark the W the world health
organization supports keeping the wet
markets open WTF question mark again
book NZ what now it's one thing to know
that the w-h-o is corrupt and that you
know they're in China's pocket but can't
they even pretend a little bit can't
they pretend a little bit your coffee is
getting cold you missed you missed the
sip you keep it late you you you are
allowed to sip now but if it'll help you
I'll give you a bonus simultaneous sip
for anybody who wants a double here it
comes
go no I needed that I needed that like
blood itself so here's what here's how I
generally think we should treat we the
United States should treat China and the
wet markets rather than complaining
about it say I think the wrong
persuasion is to complain about it and
say do you know that the wet markets
caused these problems and do you know
that we don't like these problems and do
you know that we think you're being
irresponsible and watch me get all
emotional about it hmm
you're wet markets closed you're wet
markets because of all my reasons wrong
approach here is the correct the correct
way to handle the wet work
it goes like this we shall keep our will
keep travel between China and the United
States closed as long as the wet markets
are closed or open don't give a reason
don't tell don't tell China it's because
they're science don't tell them we're
mad at them
don't tell them we're disappointed don't
tell them we don't believe the World
Health Organization don't tell them that
we'd like to do studies of it don't tell
them that we want to talk about it don't
tell them that as part of a negotiation
don't wrap it into the trade talks don't
wrap it into anything don't talk about
it don't negotiate it just tell them
what you're gonna do it's not a
negotiation it's not we're not asking
them to do something with us it would be
nice if they did something on their own
close the web markets but if they don't
do that thing on their own
it's not personal why make your personal
why act emotional why act like there's
any vagueness to our actions at all just
say all right here's the policy as long
as the web mark markets are open there
won't be any China won't be any travel
ever between China and the United States
you don't even have to ever talk about
it again I would never even bring it up
again I wouldn't even talk about it when
China says yeah hey let's get together
and talk about it we should say why why
would we talk about it I don't even
understand the question we should say
this is the negotiation I don't even
understand why you would think so no
we're simply saying that that's a risk
that's too much for us and we've decided
to manage our risk what you do China is
completely up to you do whatever you
want you know we'll obviously we'll be
encouraging every other country in the
world to also stop their travel and we
might have to stop travel with any
country that still has traveled with
which ina I mean we'll look at that -
but it's not a negotiation why would you
negotiate over it's not a complaint why
would we complain about it we should
just do what we do
get away from it that's it end of the
story did you know this is a little
consumer tip for you because I'm here to
help you in so many ways did you know
that in some stores like Walmart for
example and it depends on the store but
Walmart has this feature that if you go
to buy something and it's an end of
stock and not every time but sometimes
if it's something that's in short supply
it it's out of stock that there'll be a
little notice on the shelf where you can
sign up for an alert so you can get a
text alert on your phone when Walmart
replenishes that specific shelf of the
item that you were looking for that's
pretty good isn't it right
that's pretty good I have to say that's
pretty good there's a little speaking of
shopping there's some concern that there
might be food shortage because some of
the meat processing plants in particular
at least one of them a big one closed
because of too many employees having
crota fires and I don't know how we're
out worried we are then looking into the
meat itself but just the employees
themselves being unavailable it's a big
deal now and so the news is starting to
scare us a little bit about you know
maybe there might be a shortage but the
news is also careful to say that as long
as we don't try to horn it probably no
problem and are we smart enough now
meaning we the grocery stores that they
would stop people from hoarding if it
looked like the hoarders were getting
worried about you know hoarding meat I
guess would the would the big stores do
that I think they would right and I
think it's automatic because if you
wanted to hoard let's say I wanted to
hoard some meat and I wanted to go to my
Safeway and just like buy a bunch of
meat and put it in my freezer I would
have to go stand in the line outside six
feet away from the closest person before
me and F to me and in the context of
hoarding you assume about other people
are hoarding too I would have a line
that would be maybe several miles long
because that 6-foot distance and the
fact that you can't even get into the
store until somebody leaves so the
process of shopping is so inefficient
now by design to keep people away from
each other it's so inefficient that if
you tried to hoard meat you would just
run at a time you'd just be standing in
here you know standing in line all
afternoon and when you got up there the
store would say okay you're allowed to
have two steaks so you could wait line
all day long for two steaks then you
could have bought under any other
condition anyway so I i'm not totally
worried about well let me say this as
clearly as possible I have zero concern
about food in general you'll have plenty
of food we'll make that work that's
that's one thing I'm not worried about
whether specific foods let's say
specific steaks or porks or whatever are
also available that's questionable I
would expect that fish will probably be
fine because you know a fishing boat as
doesn't have that many people on and you
could probably replace them if you had
to with one sick for a while so I'm
guessing we'll have some individual
shortages but you're not gonna run out
of food is my my guess when I say guess
I feel very confident about that all
right here's the funnest story of the
day Trump claimed during the press
conference that I want to go to get his
exact words he said that the authority
of the president of United States having
to do with the subject we're talking
about his total and the subject you were
talking about is the opening of the
economy in every state so the question
is does the president United States have
the authority to tell the states the
individual states to stay closed or to
open up does he have that power or is
that the state's power and so the
president claimed that he had absolute
power to make those decisions over the
over the authority of the states CNN and
Daniel Dale did a fact check and they
fact checked this and they said
fact-check Trump falsely claims that the
president has quote total authority over
coronavirus restrictions fact check
false I'm gonna fact-check Daniel Dale's
fact check I fact check his fact checked
as false it's false the President of the
United States does have total authority
this is coming from me just so you're
clear this is just coming out of my head
the president again says does have total
authority over the Coronas virus of
restrictions let me give you my argument
right somebody says he qualified it he
didn't need to because I'm gonna I'm
gonna make Mike's at my statement that
he has total authority it goes like this
yes thank you
somebody's saying it's a national
emergency now the conditions in which
you can you can declare martial law
martial law is when the military which
means the commander-in-chief the
military takes control over civilian
life every element of it that matters
under an emergency situation
so in a natural disaster or in a war the
president can declare martial law and
that gives him full authority to tell
the states go back to work or don't go
back to work
can the president under this situation
which is sort of a war with a virus but
it's also sort of a national disaster
it's somewhere in that middle ground
under those conditions can the President
of the United States should he decide to
do it
declare martial law yes of course he can
yes of course he can't why not declaring
Martial Law isn't even that
controversial is simply a convenience to
put the authority where it's needed for
a temporary situation that requires it
so yeah that was short of martial law
does the president have a legal
authority to do it the answer is no
short of martial law probably not
but does the president have practical
authority to do it in other words if the
President of the United States stood in
for
the country and said look here's the
deal I know if you carefully read your
Constitution
you will not see that I have this power
but as your commander-in-chief I tell
you we are at war it's not a human enemy
it is a virus but it's a war nonetheless
requiring all of our dedication there
will be massive loss of life we will we
I as commander in chief will be sending
troops if you can call it that to die
the troops will be the first people go
back to work
troops meaning just individuals and and
I as the commander of chief order you
the troops in this case you're all
you're all in the war there's nobody
who's a spectator in the virus war
nobody is a spectator there's no such
thing as these are the troops that they
go off to fight and these are the people
who stay home that doesn't exist you're
all the troops sure you haven't been
drafted and you haven't joined the
joined but you didn't need to because
you're all in it that's just the way it
works as your commander-in-chief I am
ordering you the troops to stay home
because this is how we beat the enemy I
am I'm going to treat you like you're
all in the service for a few weeks after
this you know we go if we beat it we can
go back to normal normal rules and
everything's transparent you know
exactly why I'm doing it you know how
long I plan to do it until we get past
this and you know we live in a country
where we would have a violent revolution
if a president tried to keep martial law
forever so so he says you go to pass I
don't know what you're talking about
so I fact-check Daniel Dale to be wrong
twice he's double wrong number one the
president can just declare martial law
and then he does absolutely has
technical specific absolute power over
telling people to go to work or not
there's no doubt about that is there is
there a lawyer who's going to argue with
me then
president can't declared martial law in
this situation and that if he did it
wouldn't cover telling people not to go
to work I think they're pretty safe on
that right by the way this is me
overruling all the lawyers in the world
yeah I've been accused of being uh what
was I accused of having too big an ego
or a narcissist or something by some
people were mad at me online and I say
to myself how do you not be a narcissist
when you've just made you made public
medical opinions contrary to the top
medical experts in the United States and
the world the CDC ouchy US Surgeon
General World Health Organization all
told you masks wouldn't help and I
egotistic narcissistic cartoonist
 with no medical training
whatsoever stood in front of the world
and multiple times said every one of
those medical experts is lying to you
listen to the cartoonist those masks
have to help a little bit did I not just
do that right in front of all of you I
mean I'm not the only one who was saying
it but I was pretty loud about it right
pretty loud and pretty early and now I'm
telling you that in front of the world
as loudly as I possibly can that my
legal opinion is superior to all the
lawyers in the United States thank you
very much I'm actually telling you that
because I'm not going to hide it right
now I could be wrong if it turns out
tomorrow that you know one one of the
respected lawyers if let's put it this
way if if tomorrow Alan Dershowitz
goes on to an interview show and they
say hey can the president do this if he
declares martial law can he do this and
if Alan Dershowitz says no actually a
lot of people think that's true but
under this situation or something
special case there's a precedent when
Alan's done I'm just gonna change my
opinion to hints right should that
happen
I'm gonna bet it doesn't happen I'm
gonna bet that if alan dershowitz
i just use him as my most credible you
know legal opinion if alan dershowitz
goes on TV in the next week and says
yeah you know president can't do that
even with martial law I'll just change
my opinion to his alright and I don't
have and here's my point I'm accused of
having my ego and my narcissism involved
but watch how easily I changed my
opinion to I was completely 100 percent
wrong and I sided with the guy who knows
more than I do if they're sure which
disagrees with me my my transition to
his opinion will be instant
I wouldn't even like it won't even pause
to get the words out it'll just be it
okay I'll take your opinion because
you're smarter but at the moment I'm
going to say because I'm not embarrassed
about anything apparently I'm gonna say
that my legal opinion is better than
whatever Daniel Dale and CNN could come
up with and on top of that I don't think
he needs to declare martial law I think
that under the context of
commander-in-chief and in the context of
a legitimate war against an enemy this
case the virus I believe that the
president could just deputize us all in
effect all right I'm not in the second
argument not the martial law argument
the martial argument just says the law
allows them to do it
the other argument says in a practical
sense the citizens of the United States
like the idea we very much like the idea
that the commander-in-chief has extra
powers during a war I I don't know if
anybody would disagree with that would
they is there anybody no matter how
liberal or anything else who would say
that the commander-in-chief as a as a
job function shouldn't exist the whole
point of the commander in chief is that
this person's could be operating to make
quick decisions in the fog of war and
it's not a committee thing you need you
need your best person getting advice of
course but you need your best person to
just be in control you know if it's an
emergency you don't want to be debating
things so I don't think there's anybody
America says no it'd be better if we had
a committee you know the committee
decides Congress takes a vote before we
fire a bomb there's probably nobody who
thinks that so on a practical level if
your commander-in-chief says I declare
this an actual war that's against the
virus I declare that you're all in it
and this is what you've got to do as a
patriot as a temporary troop you know as
part of the troops and the war I'm
telling you to stay home if you're if
you're if your governor tells you to go
to work I'm the commander-in-chief
governor does not overrule
commander-in-chief ever if we had been
attacked by an external enemy and your
commander-in-chief said all right you
know do this or that to defend and your
local governor said no do it differently
who's in charge is the governor in
charge because it's their state well not
if we're attacked in the homeland if
there's a foreign entity over running
Iowa the governor of Iowa is not in
charge of the military the
commander-in-chief is anyway I think I
made my point
fact-check done here's a here's a few
questions for you just uh just the mull
over all right somebody says states
rights is suspended yes that's exactly
what I'm saying I'm saying that in a war
the states rights would be completely
suspended in terms of who's in charge of
the military for those people who still
think that everybody is wrong about the
coronavirus and that it's not any worse
than the flu and that we should not have
closed everything so that there's still
an opinion it's a widespread opinion but
for the people who think that it Lissie
hoaxes too much of a strong word
the people who think that we should not
have closed everything let's just say
that because it wasn't a super big
problem
more anymore than a regular flu so
people who think that here are some
questions for them why did every country
as far as I know every
every major country and do exactly what
we didn't if we were the ones who are
wrong and they explain all those
independent countries with all of their
independent experts and they're all with
their independent opinions when they
looked into it why did every one of them
do what we did basically now even even
Sweden if you look at the details of
sweden even sweden the individuals made
a lot of changes that the government
didn't require so even even some of the
individuals now sweden has a high
infection rate and yeah so let's talk
about sweden i see your comments now
different companies different countries
handled it differently and sweden will
be like a good little test case so
you're right but sweden also has much
higher infections and other places and
they might have even more infections
than that because they're not testing
all right so if you want to be pedantic
about it you could probably find some
countries that did something a little
bit differently sweden being you're a
good example but even even japan you're
required masks so there wasn't anybody
not true don't block me i'd never block
you for arguing you never have to worry
about being blocked for disagreeing if
you give a reason so somebody gave a
reason they say it's sweden don't block
me I would never block you for giving a
reason even if I disagree with the
reason I like that I like reasons you're
on my good side I'm putting you on my
good list check you're on the good list
you had a reason we don't know what
better hand-washing is social distancing
would have accomplished on its own
that's true I guess we'll find out
because we're going to be going into
that mode eventually so that's my first
question
you can say that Sweden is an exception
and I would say it's an exception that
proves the rule because Sweden did not
follow the restrictions of other
countries and their outcome was far more
infections so
doesn't that prove the rule they didn't
do these stuff and they got more
infections now here's my question for
the people who say it is I'll reverse
the questions watch this for the people
who say it is exactly as big a problem
as we said why aren't the hospitals in
Sweden overrun why are the I see yous in
Sweden not the national story
if Sweden has high infection rate which
they do apparently and they're not doing
anything special on mitigation why are
their hospitals not crushed what's going
on here
now I did I was speculating that there
was some kind of maybe genetic thing
that might be helping some countries
because there I did notice there's some
correlation in some of the so-called
Germanic countries you know Austria
Germany Denmark and I think Sweden
Sweden the some of the countries that
have a genetic background that's similar
seem to have less infection I don't know
if that's going to prove out or if
that's just a fake confirmation bias
thing that could be part of the story
all right
here's another question for you if the
corona virus is really just sort of a
normal flu at least in terms of how bad
it is why can't we find any doctors who
say that when do you think there'd be
some doctors on the other side
especially the doctors who handle it as
far as I know and you can you can fact
check this for me
somebody's speculating that maybe these
other countries are using vitamin D or
something and maybe that makes the
difference I know maybe is there any
doctor who has worked in an ER or ICU
area in a hospital handling coronavirus
patients can you find any doctor who has
worked in that environment who will tell
you that this is a normal flu and you
shouldn't be especially afraid of it I
don't think so right as far as I know as
far as I know a hundred percent of every
ER doctor who was Hey
coronavirus says across the board oh
this one's bad right because wouldn't
you find some doctors who say you know
I've been I've been working this for two
months and I gotta tell you I don't see
anything different it just looks like
the flu to me yeah a lot of people are
dying but a lot of people die of the flu
looks the same to me
have you seen even one doctor say that I
haven't so look for that if you see it
let me know all right usually here's
another question just for a thought
experiment I don't know the answer this
question so it's not a I'm not
challenging you on it because I know the
answer I don't know the incidence it
goes like this
suppose we had no international borders
or let me put it this way let's suppose
we closed our borders to all trade and
people so that we were just a country as
an island I'm not suggesting this is
just a thought experiment and let's say
that we had nothing to do with the rest
of the world just nothing to do with
them we don't even talk to them we would
grow everything we need we build
everything we need it's a big enough
country we manufacture everything we
need we're just completely independent
and and we'll never have to trade with
anybody for anything under that
condition which I don't think it
actually exists but under that condition
could you just print money whenever you
wanted to and just make everybody rich
so that that's your takeaway I'm I don't
know if I need to wrestle with it here
but whenever we talk about hey you know
we should just print more money and give
it to people which is literally exactly
what we're going to do with this
coronavirus relief stuff is just print
more money and hand out to people and I
ask the question well why can't you do
that all the time
or just to just to understand how
everything fits together the first
question is why can't you do that all
the time
if it works now why can't we just always
print money and give it to people then
everybody would have money right and the
answer is that at least part of the
answer and I guess I'm looking for the
full answer is that if you're training
with other countries you quickly get
into imbalances with
currency so you wouldn't be able to buy
and sell things across borders if your
own money kept changing value because
then you'd have an unbalanced situation
or you would devalue your money because
you've created so much of it then it's
not worth anything and then you can't
buy anything from other people because
your dollar used to be worth a dollar
but now it's only worth a penny so you
can't buy that stuff from other
countries because they don't want your
penny they want your dollar that's
that's the quick and dirty explanation
so if you if the entire world were just
one country with one currency could the
leader print money now it wouldn't work
it would you're you're getting out of me
a little bit the problem of course
internally if there was only one country
in the world with one currency if you
printed money anytime you wanted to you
would have inflation you'd have
inflation right but in our current
situation where inflation is basically
impossible because nobody can raise the
prices because the demand is so low
under this unique situation could we not
just print as much money as we wanted
not as much as we wanted but a lot with
no repercussions somebody says Venezuela
but that is well that does not have this
situation to where they don't have any
international trade so if that as well
is the opposite because they you know
they depend in oil so I just put that
out there this question secondly yeah
here's another question could the United
States this is just a technical question
to see if I can understand it let's say
the United States just for kicks issued
a crypto currency or just accepted an
existing crypto currency and they just
well it's probably better if they print
one so let's take this example let's say
the United States issues its own crypto
currency but it has a special a special
quality which is that the crypto
currency is temporary meaning that if
they give you you know hundred dollars
worth of crypto you have to spend it
before we all go back to work so let's
say that the date is given that I'll
just pick a date August 1st
the cryptocurrency will go to zero value
because that'll be the last day that the
government recognizes it as valid money
the rest of you could still trade it if
you want to but on but on that date
August 1st the United States who
hypothetically created this
cryptocurrency just to give money to
people to temporarily spend that on
August 1st the United States would say
we will no longer we the United States
accept it in payment and will also close
down the exchange because you know you
can imagine the government would also
set up a website to exchange so if you
got some crypto yeah you could change it
for some dollars if nobody would accept
your crypto but somebody says it just
inflates later but doesn't if you put a
timer on the crypto so that the only
time you could use the cryptocurrency
is for a few months and at the end of
the free three months it became
worthless at the end of the three months
when everybody went back to work and
demand is still too low to raise prices
and yet you still have the same amount
of dollars in the system because all the
crypto just went away just by magic what
do you have inflation now you know as I
say too often I have a degree in
economics but I don't know the answer to
this question because this is way out of
anybody's experience right sounds like
the plot to mr. robot I'm looking at
your comments and I don't think any of
you have a good read on this in terms of
nobody's I don't see anybody who has
what I would call an expert opinion in
this yeah it looks like you don't know
and there's nothing wrong with that I
don't know if you should know the answer
that question right
somebody says Libya did it did they I'm
I'm very skeptical than Libya created a
crypto currency with a timeout feature
it's the timeout feature that's a
special part if you're just looking at
as a crypto that's not the idea the the
magic part of the idea is that it has to
become worthless by
design on a date certain that's the
whole value of it so people will just
spend their crypto and and you got to
switch it back but so let's say that I
spent my crypto the store has the crypto
and I've got a loaf of bread and that
August first the crypto that the store
has become zero but they could have just
traded it so they've converted it to
dollars at the exchange but then it's
the government that owns and at that
point so did I just create a complicated
way to print US dollars I think I think
maybe my idea falls apart there if I
think through I don't know I'll just put
it out there maybe somebody has an idea
and I think those were the main things
that I wanted to talk about yes they
were yeah so he says those accepting
crypto would need to be able to change
it to dollars yeah so in this scenario
the government would have to issue the
crypto but also create the only exchange
for turning them into dollars so that
the US government could on that date
that it broadcasts in advance they could
say all right here's the date we closing
exchange
so maybe the crypto lifts forever just
because it you know the block team goes
on forever
but that you wouldn't ever be able to
trade it for money so it would somebody
says script in World War two expired
World War two script military script let
me Google that so some of you know more
than I do on this topic there's
something called military script I've
heard of it but I do not know the
details let's look at what wikipedia
says what is more fun than watching
other people look for things on their
phone
nothing all right what is military
script there's a form of scrip paper
money used for temporary use so if you
like to crypto right used to pay US
military and civilian
personnel and to conduct other stuff
blah blah that's weird so I guess
there's some history of it yeah I guess
I'd have to look deeper into it but it
looks like yeah the rush to exchange
drops value that's true but if military
script once existed I know
Oh somebody says debit cards that
expired 30 days Eric balling the plan
yeah why not why not
I mean printing the physical cards gives
you a problem because you can lose the
card and stuff I guess you can lose a
password so maybe it's all the same okay
so maybe that's a bad idea I just want
to put that out there all right um
that's all I got for today I will see
you not today but I'll I'll see you
later today the usual time you're doing
to find me yeah let's have a great day
today