bum bum bum bum ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba
ba ba ba you have something there all
right people people please Hey Bruce
Owen Jeremy come on in here says Gino
ascention it's time oh yeah it's time
not only is it time for the simultaneous
sip and coffee with Scott Adams but it's
time to celebrate the good news
sometimes we get so broken down and
beaten up by the bad news then we forget
to stop and celebrate but today let us
drink to the GDP four point one yeah
yeah that's some good GDP simultaneous
sipping so take a look at how the news
has morphed and shifted and evolved very
quickly I'll give you some headlines
from CNN right just starting from the
top left of their page where in theory
those are the important stories and the
top left there is the GDP so that's
reported as the top news remember I told
you it seemed to me like there's some
kind of shift happening at CNN a shift
toward a little more balanced and sure
enough the top two stories are the
economy is doing well the GDP numbers
and then a live update that says Trump
this isn't a one-time shot in other
words just quoting something positive
from the President and how the US
economy is doing in four charts now
that's funny because when I first looked
at this page it was linking to a an
opinion piece saying that the president
was responsible for the good news but I
don't see that piece now
so that may have gone away so we've got
let's see what are we got going on we've
got the 55 service service people's
remains that are being returned by North
Korea which of course is different from
denuclearizing but it's all heading in
the right direction we see the economy
doing well and on CNN the question asked
I just watched an interview and the
question asked was you know what's
behind it and it seems that at least
part of what's behind it is consumer
optimism what is it that makes consumers
optimistic persuasion that's right
consumers were optimistic uh-huh and
somebody or something made them that way
what was it well president Trump is
certainly a big part of that there's of
course news about the European Union
agreeing to agree who they don't have a
final deal but agreeing on a framework
to get there so now it's looking like
that the trade war suddenly with the
flipping of the EU to to working with us
it now seems that the trade war might be
more of a positive so suddenly the
biggest problem in the world just
flipped positive and might actually come
out much better than anybody suspected
and that's the same thing that happened
with North Korea remember I keep telling
you how often the worst problem when it
looks like it's the deepest worst
situation that might be it might be
exactly that it might be the worst thing
and getting worse but we're not good at
telling the difference between oh my god
we're almost doomed and hey everything's
fixed that's better than ever we humans
can't tell the difference those look a
lot alike to us so the trade war if you
want to call it that I would call it a
negotiation I fits that pattern that it
looks like it's doomed
until at least one big entity in this
case the EU says all right you know you
got you have some points let's listen
ago she ate and that's where we are now
so trades going well I saw the tax cuts
getting some credit for the the good
economic news I don't know how much that
is deserved I don't know how much how
long it'll last
but that's the way it's being reported
even on CNN so once again you're seeing
CNN being objective about that
alright so North Korea is going well
Syria you know that that area has some
very positive things with Israel talking
to Russia with Russia maybe getting a
little distance between themselves and
Iran these are gigantic shifts you're
seeing almost all of the biggest metrics
either good or heading that way in other
words even the signs are good I call
that the Golden Age the Golden Age when
when the way you think about things is
the important part not a physical risk
constraint here are some examples
the reason the economy is doing so well
well to a large extent it's because
people expected it to so people invested
consumers spent so the economy is
clearly the best example of the golden
age where our problems are psychological
not physical and if you get the
psychology right with the right
optimistic leaders then you got the
economy right and that's what's
happening you saw there with North Korea
probably the problem and the base
problem was psychological because we
didn't really want to attack them they
didn't want to attack us so it was a
problem of thinking what the other one
was thinking and not doing it well and
it looks like we may have gotten past
that where North Korea said well there's
just no reason to attack you and we're
saying we didn't really have a reason to
it
you but we have lots of good reasons to
work well together
same thing I think you're seeing with
Iran you saw Israel for example saying
very clearly if you if you could find a
way to work with us this could be really
great but it's the way you're thinking
about the situation that's holding you
back so Aaron also is a psychological
problem masquerading as a physical
problem now in this context of all the
things that are going right for the
president but all the world and the
United States in particular so we've got
all the big stuff North Korea the Middle
East you know the economy the courts
every one of those big things you know
unemployment is is going well so what do
the critics have left to criticize the
president this is what is down to just
think about this think about all those
things he got right war a Middle East
the economy the courts you got all that
right or it's standing in the right
direction what's what's the biggest
criticism I'm not even making this up
the biggest criticism is he might have
known about a meeting a meeting that's
it
the biggest headline criticism of the
president is well I think he might have
known about that meeting now you can try
to turn that into the worst problem in
the world but anyway you want to spin it
whether he did know or he didn't know
whether he lied or he didn't lie it's a
story about a meeting that he didn't
even attend I think about it all this
left is he may or may not have been
forthcoming about a meeting that he
didn't even attend that's it
now I suppose you know Muller or
somebody can you know indict a ham
sandwich as they like to say so maybe
there's something they can construe with
some kind of an illegal sampling but it
kind of comes down to there was a
meeting he didn't attend and maybe he
said something about it
that doesn't pass the fact-checking why
would he do such a thing
well it wasn't important so sometimes
when things are not important you just
try to get past them and maybe that's
all that's happening here and nothing
happened at the meeting as somebody
points out right it was a question about
a meeting that was never important in
the first place
in terms of the content of the meeting
uh-huh yeah which obviously changed the
election results so remember I promised
you a summer of love consider some of
the headlines you saw nikki Haley
calling for more civil you know
conversation online you've seen I've
seen now CNN and especially I keep I
kept mentioning Chris Cuomo because he
seems to be a dominant voice of reason
as CNN and he seems to have turned a
corner in a good way a way that's good
for the country of objectivity and that
seems new that it seems good and it
seems that seems worthy of respect now
let me ask you this has your Twitter
experience been meaner than usual just
let's say in just the last few weeks
think about just the last two weeks keep
a very local the last two weeks has your
Twitter experience been people being
mean
same as usual or not as bad tell me
please
let's see your comments here somebody
saying tamer same subsided nicer same
not as bad leaner
not as bad same same same meaner it
slightly less the same now since I
started blocking Nazis meters saved not
as bad not as bad
slightly meter not as bad not as bad all
right now this is very very far from
being a scientific poll and we've got
we've got comments all over the place
but I would suggest this maybe it's
because it's what I want to hear but
when I tell you something that sounds
more like I want this to be true than it
actually is true put it in context that
sometimes I'm talking about things that
are too and sometimes I'm causing them
to be true and it might look the same to
you if you ask people hey are people
being as bad or not as bad on Twitter
what you should expect because of the
way our brains are organized is that you
will remember all the bad comments so
because we tend to remember the worst of
their interactions online it's it's
likely the things could be getting
better or staying the same and a lot of
people would still report is getting
worse because they're influenced by that
last thing that happened five minutes
ago and it was bad so it's a it's a hard
survey to do even if you did it in some
scientific way people would remember it
differently than it was happening and
they would remember the bad parts more
so here's my point there were a number
of people who said it's not as bad
that's what it felt like to me to me it
felt like my twitter got less bad
and it's a very recent change now it
could be they change their algorithm
it's you know it's entirely possible
that Twitter just changed something to
get rid of the crazies and some of them
were coming after me and they're fewer
of them it does feel like the ones
coming after me most of you have seen my
critics if you follow me on Twitter and
you knew how how weirdly similar they
were they would come in and I don't want
to I don't want to give ideas but they
all they would all say the same fairly
lame things and they were they were
weirdly similar so it made me think it
was organized at one point early in the
election cycle it probably was
now I so I don't know if it's organized
now but there's less of it at the moment
now we've talked about this before I
told you my new technique on Twitter is
that the first time my critic gets
personal as opposed to talk about an
idea they can talk about my ideas and
criticize them all day long
I like that criticizing my ideas is just
you know that's it that's a good system
they criticize my ideas I criticize
there is maybe we come up with better
ideas after that but but when people
come after me personally I call them a
Nazi and tell them I'm blocking them
because I blocked Nazis now my
experience of this has been that first
of all it makes my Twitter experience
way more pleasant and a number of you
have started trying it and reporting the
same thing it doesn't feel like it would
make you feel as good as it does but it
really does you you feel immediately
good because you've labeled them you've
told them why and you're not lying what
what would be more nazi-like than going
after the person instead of the idea
that's yeah that gets pretty close to
the definition of Nazi right it's about
the human it's not about their ideas or
what they're doing it's about the person
all right so when people come after you
personally that feels pretty Hillier
like so I I say I block anybody who
comes after me personally and then I
never have to see them again because I
realized that for every every troll or a
critic that would come after me
personally if I responded in my usual
clever way and then left them the
ability to respond again if I did that
then I would have you know three or four
interactions with an unpleasant Nazi but
if I call them a Nazi and block them on
the first different just the first sign
they're coming after me personally I
never have to hear them again now some
of them create new accounts just to come
back and say the thing again but it's
kind of rare and then I just block up
again so that's that gives me you know
two bites
now I also wonder what that does to the
algorithm if you call somebody a Nazi I
wonder if that I wonder if that works
against me
or the person I labeled I'm not sure how
that works probably works against me too
somebody says Scott do you have issues
with being a shadow band I have issues
with people reporting that I am but the
types of reports change over time so I I
probably have fewer I think I have fewer
people saying that I'm shadow band that
I ever have before and I don't know if
that's just a that could be just it
could be just a cognitive thing maybe I
just don't notice maybe people got tired
of saying it maybe maybe they don't
notice so I actually don't know I do not
know if I'm shadow band now in the
current world the shadow band meat would
mean that the algorithm does not favor
or whatever you're doing so if you
imagine for example that
and this is just a hypothetical if I'm
following a lot of political people on
both sides which is what I do I probably
follow more yeah I certainly follow more
Trump supporters but I follow lots of
people on both sides you got a lot of
CNN people at cetera so if you're
following people on both sides one of
those two sides might be saying
different things than the other so
following both sides might work against
you because it guarantees that you're
getting some unpleasant people whatever
you think that looks like because
there's a different form of unpleasant
and this on the left and the right and
maybe the algorithm punishes one of them
more than the other based on your
interactions but I don't know but
speculatively it could there could be
just a algorithm that's doing things and
maybe not the same every week it could
be that on a week where I retweet some
people who have their own bad tweets
that I've never seen that I get
suppressed a little but then the very
next week if I retweet somebody who is
loved by the Angels maybe I get a little
less shuttlebay on that week I don't
know so without knowing how the knowing
how the algorithm works it would be
impossible to know for sure yeah I went
to the shadow band a website and it said
I was not shadow band but I don't have
any confidence that that what that
website is accurate and like I said it
could be that I you know it's entirely
possible that your shadow band in the
morning
not shadow band in the afternoon and
then reshat oh man by evening just
because the algorithm is continually you
know monitoring whatever's going on who
you retweet who you interact with what
kind of words they use what topic is in
there so it's entirely possible it comes
and goes I mean I imagine it would right
it wouldn't be a permanent thing because
it would have to keep testing to see
what you're up to
yeah I don't trust the site at all
like I should have a Dale account you're
right sometimes they delay posting your
tweets maybe you know I there's always a
there's a confirmation bias trap here
once you tell yourself that shadow
banding exists you see it everywhere so
you have to be careful because some
amount of whatever is happening online
is system problems so when you say one
of the things they do is when you post a
tweet it takes a while to show up well
that just might be a system backlog it
could be a time of day thing so you
really don't know let me give you my
best example of confirmation bias
you saw the videos of Project Veritas I
think where there's a video of a an
alleged Twitter engineer talking about
shado banning and what it is and how it
works have you have you all seen the
video of the alleged Twitter engineer
talking about shado banning most of you
have now if you saw that it would be
hard to walk away from that and tell
tell yourself that it's not happening
because there was an actual live video
of an actual Twitter engineer describing
what it is how it's done and why it's
done but you know what is missing in the
video that you didn't notice what is
missing in the video that you didn't
notice I want to see if anybody caught
it there's something that's not there
that's the important part it's not
what's there because what's there is
terrible there's something that's not
real and not there that is the most
important part of the story
proof is you know proof is hard to come
by if you're just looking at a video so
it's true that there's no proof him
admitting that they do it big
boom what is missing in that video is
any context in which that engineer says
we do that
he describes of what it is and why
someone would do it that is really
different than saying they do it and
there's nothing in there that says
anything like I know the guy who does it
I used to do it
you know we we talked about it before
implementing it we're getting away with
this so far there are a hundred ways he
could have indicated they're actually
doing it and none of it was on the video
all you saw was somebody explaining what
it is exactly the way I just did because
I just explained to you what what shadow
banding is and why you do it and how
it's done I just explained the same
thing that the guy at the engineer on
Twitter did now some of you can say
Scott Scott Scott you're being so naive
why are you so naive of course they're
doing it
you saw the engineers describing it in
his own words you've you've seen the
evidence that's all true
we saw the engineer describing what it
is without the part of saying that they
do it which seems pretty important and
we see the the evidence we believe how
would that look different if none of it
was happening just just conceptually so
don't don't tell me whether it is or is
not happening all right don't tell me
that shadow bending is or is not
happening right now that's a separate
conversation tell me how it would look
different to you if it wasn't happening
it would look the same not only would it
look the same it would look identical to
what you see now if it wasn't happening
so if it is happening or if it isn't
happening I don't know but I know it
would look identical either way so if
you think Scott you're so naive can't
you see it's right in front of your eye
I would say you're not operating at the
highest level of awareness at the
highest level of awareness you would
know that you can't tell the difference
now if you look at all that is happening
to everybody in all the different ways
that there there were things that seemed
a little more obviously shadow Bagni my
guess is that it has happened but
there's probably a complicated story to
it as in some engineer was tweaking an
algorithm senior management does not
work on the algorithm does not know if
you tweak this variable what happens
there are just people working in the
trenches they're playing with it they're
the only ones who know how the algorithm
works maybe they're a little liberal
maybe they're a little anti-trump maybe
a little that biased got into their work
which is very different then saying that
Twitter management was behind it now I
told you the story that Jack Dorsey had
reached out to me a year ago at least a
year ago maybe more than a year to say
that that they weren't doing shadow
banning and could I give him evidence of
it so they would you know find out
what's going on
and I said it at the time that is not
what you do if you're actually shadow
banning and you know it it's the end you
know it's part that I think is important
all right
even somebody's saying calling him a
liar even if you were a liar you
wouldn't do that you you wouldn't do
what he did if you were a liar you just
would let people wonder what it was you
wouldn't you wouldn't approach and say
can you give me some examples because
I'm pretty sure this isn't happening
that's just not what you do now I told
you that I submitted a number of
examples and to his one of his
lieutenants and got several responses
but then the responses sort of just
stopped coming back so my guess is that
when you when Twitter management dug
into it and tried to understand what
their algorithm was actually doing
because remember it's complicated I
doubt the Algar
there's something that a civilian can
look at and say oh yeah look at this
algorithm there's a box checked that
says don't tweet things for
conservatives it's probably nothing like
that it's probably this big complicated
multivariable you know equation that's
checking things and adjusting on the fly
and all kinds of stuff I'm guessing I'm
guessing it's complicated
and I'll bet management didn't really
know what it was doing
you know that's they they probably just
didn't know say and I would guess that
by now they've done some work to try to
distinguish between the people who are
just you know Nazi trolls and the people
who are political people with unpleasant
preferences I'm not getting your tweets
all the time yeah so I hear that that
people don't get my notifications in my
tweets what I don't know is how common
that is take for example let me give you
an example I tweet several times a day
I've heard it said that the optimum
number of times to tweet might be closer
to one or two per day whereas it's not
uncommon for me to do you know seven
tweets a day now is it possible that the
algorithm says hey you've already
tweeted two or three things today I'm
going to slow down your other tweets
maybe maybe fewer people see them
because we don't want this to be all
about Scott alright so maybe my first
few tweets get through maybe the
algorithm says he's an over tweeter we
don't want to give all of the attention
to this one guy just cuz he keeps
tweeting so it's entirely possible that
I'm being throttled down for a reason
that has nothing to do with politics
there's also entirely possible that I'm
completely wrong about that remember
confirmation bias would give you exactly
the same look there would be no
difference you couldn't tell
[Music]
and then there some people who say they
don't get notices and stuff and every
once a while it's because a filter is
checked maybe they just get notices and
don't notice so there are too many ways
to explain this you're pretty wrong
about that somebody says I don't know
which part I'm wrong about most of that
was speculative anyway do you listen to
Dan bungee no I listen to him when he's
on fox news quite often he seems quite
angry that the way the world is going I
think even Dan bungee no can have a good
day this week or a good day this day
somebody says the trees and tower
meeting was collusion so here's a
question for you when is it illegal to
have a meeting and have somebody tell
you something that's good to know that's
also true is that ever illegal do you
want to live in a country where it's
illegal to take a meeting and hear what
they have to say you know I've said this
before but there might be some new
people out here if you put me in the
situation of Don junior and I guess
Jared was in that meeting and manna fort
and somebody said hey there's somebody
who has information that would be very
useful to you why don't you take the
elevator downstairs and hear it I would
take that meeting and if something came
in at that meeting that worried me in
terms of something illegal something the
FBI should know about then I would turn
it over to the FBI but I would
definitely take the meeting first
compare these two outcomes one you do
you immediately turn it over to the FBI
and they either do or do they do
something or not but in this case the
FBI wouldn't have done anything because
no
criminal thing happened the worst they
could do is talk to the people in the
meeting and the people in the meeting
would send now turns out it was a trick
we didn't even have any stuff about
Hillary we just wanted to talk about a
different topic so we just tricked him
into the meeting so if he turned it over
the FBI first he doesn't get the
information and the FBI also probably
doesn't do anything useful because even
if there was information they're
probably the FBI isn't gonna find out
anything for now beating probably but if
you find out the information first and
then you decide whether or not to turn
it over to the FBI it seems to me you
have broken no laws and you've covered
all your bases and you have the
information it is not illegal to have
information assuming it's not you know
marked as proprietary or something well
even that it's not illegal to have it
let me ask you this since I'm no lawyer
if somebody handed you US intelligence
information that was marked top secret
they hand it to you is it illegal to
read it or is it only illegal for the
giver
it's obviously illegal for somebody to
give it to you but is it illegal to read
something that somebody hands you I
don't know the answer to that now that's
not the situation with Don jr. because
it wasn't our country nothing was
nothing was presented as it's illegal to
read it so if somebody handed you just a
document and it was top secret suppose
it wasn't labeled yeah I think most of
you are not lawyers either so I think I
think we should be careful not to
believe each other and probably even
lawyers would disagree somebody's saying
somebody's saying Jesus Christ yours
you're dumb Scott the the people who say
that the people who say that I don't
think you're you're following along
these periscopes all right
somebody says I am a lawyer but I need
say what your opinion was in the same
same message so it's illegal to pass it
on I know that part
so is could somebody give me a an
opinion that says that you are a lawyer
and then your opinion and the same in
the same message because I've got
opinions and people saying they're
lawyers but I can't pair them up this
way yeah that's what I thought so
somebody said the press reads them all
the time
so it's not illegal or at least it's not
prosecuted maybe that maybe that's the
the line oh yeah maybe that's the line
I believe the press has a history of
reporting on things that were you know
stolen top-secret documents and that
might be illegal but I think there's a
rule about not a rule but there's a
precedent that they leave that alone
because there's a First Amendment thing
there so it could be illegal and also a
trivial at the same time which is weird
press is covered by freedom of the press
freedom of the press is not a right
freedom of speech is right am I wrong
about that there's no such thing as
freedom of the press in terms of the
Constitution is there there's freedom of
speech you just have to be debriefed
interesting all right so there's some
things I don't know about that but the
point is I would have taken that meeting
it would have been dumb not to take the
meeting the real question is what do you
do after you take the meeting in the
case of the Don jr. meeting with the
Russians nothing came out of the meeting
so there was nothing to do had he gotten
the FBI involved in the first place it
would have been this big complicated
time-suck of FBI and what's it all mean
and what did you do and you better
lawyer up and all that the only smart
way to play it was to go to the meeting
first and then if you need to get the
FBI involved you do it then
freedom oppress is in the First
Amendment that's what I'm saying I'm
saying the First Amendment covers
freedom of the press
so there's somebody who says they're a
lawyer and if they received it in good
faith arguably it's not illegal or at
least maybe you wouldn't be prosecuted
for him keep in mind that what Russia
said they allegedly had on Hillary they
first of all didn't have at least in
that bita they didn't have anything and
secondly they did not present it as any
kind of a state secret it was not
presented as a top-secret anything it
was just presented as information
nothing came except that WikiLeaks email
those had nothing to do with that
meeting you're you're conflating
completely different things
oh is the phrase of the press is in the
First Amendment let me crack myself here
let me actually read the First Amendment
what exactly does the First Amendment
say or of the press okay let me read the
First Amendment it's been a long time
since I read it just so I correct my
earlier error so First Amendment
Congress shall make no law respecting an
establishment of religion or prohibiting
the free speech thereof or abridging the
freedom of speech or of the press so the
press is actually specifically mentioned
I actually didn't remember that or the
right of the people to assemble bla bla
petition for grievances so but in any
case the original point stays the same
which is that the First Amendment covers
people and it's it calls out the press
specifically but I would think that even
if the press was not called out their
people so
seemed like a clarification that was
unnecessary
a little bit redundant but maybe that's
good you know what is the press
but you think it means they can ask do I
have allergies
I do says it's the freedom to write not
attend okay we do have the right of
assembly in any way we want
I don't know if that includes meetings
you should it's the right to produce
written words well I can't argue about
what the Constitution means if I could
I'd be a candidate for the Supreme Court
all right so I think we can wrap it up
consider that we're having a good day
today all the big things are moving in
the right direction
and the worst thing in the news is there
was a meeting somebody didn't attend
that's it and that's all for now