an attempt let's see if this technology
works I believe it is I believe you
preparing
for what might be an epic
moment good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and wow aren't you lucky to
be here my goodness and all of you are
looking extra sexy and a little bit
smarter than normal which is amazing
given how smart you are normally so if
you'd like to take this experience up
from levels that people can't even
understand with their shiny tiny human
brains well all you need for that is a
CER mger a glass of tanker chells St a
Cen Jugger flow a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine day of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it's going happen right now
go
Divine
incredible all right well if you haven't
seen there's a new video of from
911 of the Twin Towers on fire and
burning and I'd like to thank thank all
the people who posted the video and said
do you see what I
see and I look and i' look and I'd look
and then I'd look some more to see what
they see and here's here's my conclusion
 every one of you you
 tell me what you see what do
you see do you see anything don't
 clickbait me with oh do you see
what I see does everybody see what I see
you
 that's how I'd like to
start on another topic scientists have
found the part of the brain that seems
to be involved with Placebo
Effectiveness now only in mice but
they've used
Imaging they've used Imaging to
determine that there's a certain brain
structure in mice it would make some
mice far more uh like
to uh have the placebo effect so if you
could find out in humans hey do you have
that brain structure that makes the
placebo effect work and I might tell you
something
useful and do you know what I say as a
hypnotist oh we're in trouble
now here's the hypnotist take on this
story if you can find the brain
structure that makes the placebo effect
work
you're probably pretty close to finding
the brain structure that would make
somebody especially gullable and
especially easy to
persuade and once we find that you're in
real
trouble that's when the that's when the
machines can take over completely now
there might be some people who are
freethinkers they they just might have
different brain structure and that would
be good to know so I think the machines
will uh scan everybody's brains figure
out which humans are more gullible than
others based on the structure of their
brain and then they'll obviously they'll
immediately murder all the people who
don't have that brain structure so that
we have a world of compliant and
obedient brainwashed humans and that
would make things a lot better for the
robots so I expect the robots to make
that
move but for the meantime brainwashing
is coming from humans if you haven't
seen the 4-minute video I did explaining
the differ in brainwashing on the left
and the right uh there's a big organized
brainwashing operation on the left
there's a less organized operation uh
that still has some Effectiveness but
only commercial grade versus military
grade so if you'd like to see the
difference between the military grade uh
brainwashing used by the left versus the
what I call commercial grade still good
but not nearly as good as
weaponized uh you can see that in my
Twitter feed or if you're a member of
locals it's on there so I opened it up
so that people from X can see it it's uh
not behind a pay wall and there are
about 200 videos of uh various topics on
locals for the people who want to learn
200 different things and around two
minutes a piece and this would be one of
them well um apparently there's been
this major sabotage over in France where
the Olympics are trying to happen and
their major rail network sabotage in
multiple places at the same time uh the
last I the last I checked before I went
live they didn't have a suspect or
suspects but there are people rumor to
say that Iran is behind it I guess
Israel warned them you know Israel said
Iran might try something so it might be
that there's some kind of Iranian backed
Massive Attack on
France
and let's see what the the president of
Israel said the sabotage of Railway in
infrastructure across France add of the
Olympics was planned and executed under
the influence of Iran's exess of evil
and radical Islam uh and and as he
warned as he warned the French now I
don't know if they know that or if it
just obvious who else would it
be is there anybody else who is likely
to have the ability and incentive to do
a thing like this it's probably r we'll
see well uh Obama has now officially
endorsed Comm Harris so that would mean
the Clinton and Obama camps within the
Democrat Party have come together at
least for this but I would like to
suggest one possibility that I think has
been invisible to all of
you you know you're automatically
thinking hey what if there are terrible
people in the government of the United
States who might try to assassinate
Trump you know because you feel like
well I'm not so sure they weren't
involved already but you know maybe it's
worse and uh I would like to put out the
idea that Harris might be equally um at
risk and it was the Obama and clintons
coming together that makes me worry the
most cuz I'm not so sure there's anybody
in power who wants haris to have
power I don't think she's exactly what
they have in mind and I worry that
somebody's going to take her out before
election
day
so I I think that the Secret Service
should
be at double triple level alarm for her
as much as for Trump so if you think
Trump's the only one who's got some risk
from the what what you imagine might be
bad characters within the government
I would say that it might work both ways
because I don't think she's anybody's
favorite all
right I thought uh whoever is advising
Harris has been doing a good job
lately so she may have a whole different
level of of advice that she didn't have
access to before and might be taking it
which is even more important but she
very cleverly acted like a head estate
in meeting with Netanyahu was in town
and I thought that was really well done
politically because they set it up so it
looked like the vice president haris was
just the sitting president because Biden
did not meet with Netanyahu we know he's
he's a vegetable he can't do that stuff
now but uh by setting it up so that
Harris would look like the head of state
and of course Netanyahu is going to go
along with that of course um it was a
really strong strong play persuasion
wise it was an A+ they got the video it
looked official uh you imagined her in
place remember when uh Trump was running
the first time and I praised him for
doing that Saturday Night Live skit
because you could imagine him as the
president in the Oval Office even though
it was a Saturday night skit and I
thought wow putting people's brains into
that mode where they can see them in the
Oval Office for the first time is really
strong persuasion she just did that same
game you just saw her as the head of
state and really really good I mean I
can't say enough that's that's like A+
politics right there so you you should
worry about the quality of her
advisors if that's any indication of
what's in store it's really
good all
right but after that she called for an
immediate ceasefire and a deal to free
the hostages
uh she will not be silent about this
suffering in
Gaza blah blah blah of course people who
are pro-israel are not going to like
that because it is incomplete it's what
I call a half opinion here's a half
opinion you should all stop
fighting what why doesn't everybody stop
fighting I just said everybody should
stop
fighting it's leaving a few things out
isn't it it's leaving a few things out
such as what would happen if you stop
fighting would uh would Hamas just
reconstitute and do the attack again of
course they would they have every
intention of doing that there's nobody
in Hamas who says if only you'll stop
shooting we can make peace that's not
even on the table what why would you why
would you agree to a deal that nobody
wants so Israel doesn't want to stop
fighting and Hamas doesn't want to stop
fighting
so is it a gigantic um problem for the
population yes but unfortunately the
population is the only one that could
stop it you know they they could talk
their leaders into doing something
different um now you might say but they
can't they have no power to which I say
I'm pretty sure the population backs
Hamas everything I've seen suggests that
the population backs Hamas so I get that
there are combatants and
non-combatants but if they're all on the
same
team it really cuts into the
empathy right the if if uh if there's a
family of five and it's only the father
who's in
humas but all the the other three are
proas
too it's really going to cut into the
empathy let's put it that way so she's a
she seems to be trying to win Michigan
as as I think Joel poock said that she's
got a part of her base that needs her to
look tough on
Israel and it's such a politician to do
thing to do to call for peace when you
know peace can't be had and either side
really wants
it all
right and then Israel responded and said
uh um let's see the Nationals security
minister said um there will be no halt
to the War uh Madam
candidate Madam
candidate yeah I couldn't tell if that's
a is that any kind of a
subtle jab of any kind because he's
indicating that she's not in
charge but on the other hand I couldn't
tell may maybe it's actually a
respectful Madam candidate
because you would what would you call a
man you wouldn't call you wouldn't call
him Mr candidate would you so so it
feels like there's maybe a little
indirect
underhand you know little lack of
respect there I don't know hard to say I
don't want to get into the everybody's
being sexist
but that one raises my
eyebrow rasmuson points out that the
rasmuson poll shows Trump would easily
be Harris uh other polls are saying it
would be closer so they're getting a
little heat but rasmuson would like you
to know that the uh betting odds uh are
very similar to what rasmason is looking
at in the sense that the betting odds
are still 62% Trump 35% chance of Harris
winning and that would be far more
indicative of the rasmon pole being
correct if the
betters uh are right it's no guarantee
but it certainly suggests that um
there's a strong argument for Trump
being in charge now I don't um I don't
buy that at all I think that's a
snapshot and we haven't seen the power
of the media yet the brainwashers so the
brainwashers are just just getting
activated they're barely started and Ben
Carson I guess was on Tucker show which
by the way is the number one podcast in
the country Tucker Carlson show is the
number one uh on Spotify I think number
one on Spotify in the whole country so
it's higher than Joe Rogan
now and Ben Carson was talking about the
media um Can immediately turn her from a
poor candidate into a legendary
Superstar and they're just starting that
but let's talk a little bit about what
we're finding out about KL Harris as we
dig into it so there are videos of her
not too long ago saying we need Equity
not just equality and by Equity she
means that um other people should get
your
stuff now she doesn't say it with those
words but it's exactly what she means
she doesn't mean that um people who have
less in you suddenly just do better and
then they catch up to you she does mean
move your stuff to them because it was
unfair that you had it in the first
place now that's my take if anybody has
a different take but I don't see Equity
working any other way so it could be tax
policy it could be favoritism of one
kind or another but basically the idea
is to shift money from the group that
has it to the group that doesn't have it
and uh I would say that's the dumbest
and most dangerous idea I've ever heard
in the
world uh it's sort of
a without the labels it's the worst part
of
socialism so
pursuing this idea of equity guarantees
that there'll be some kind of racial war
Civil War or something or that people
would just leave you know I would say
just you should get the away from
any place where there's somebody saying
you should have
Equity if if you if you're happy with
what you
have then you should get the out of
any environment in which the top person
is saying you know I think everybody
should have about the same amount of
stuff because they're not about to wait
20 years for the people to buy bom to
catch up that's not the plan the plan is
to take your and to give it to
somebody who didn't deserve it now do I
think the systemic racism is real yes
yes I do do I think that the legacy of
slavery has put one part of the country
way behind yeah I think so I would say
that that's a strong argument do I think
that women have also been you know
disadvantaged in the past yes I do
do I think the lgbtqs have been
disadvantaged in the past absolutely and
of course everybody's got problems at
the moment too but let me be clear I
don't give a I don't care about any
of your problems is that clear nobody
has a special
problem everybody's got problems you
don't have special ones you don't have
magic problems oh you're gay your
problems are magic oh let me forget
about my problems and work at
about yours because yours magic you've
got magic gay problems oh Magic black
problems are they worse than mine I
don't know I don't care are do are some
people in better shape than me sure if
you're tall and you're good-looking you
probably have pretty good situation
compared to me and and always would have
so no I don't care about your problems I
don't care that you're not that your
your artificial average of people is
doing worse than the artificial average
of people who happen to look like me
don't care about your special
problems right a white person with a
missing leg has more problems than you
being black or gay or woman or whatever
else you are don't care about your
 problems so I think the
strongest reply is I don't care I
shouldn't care and I'm not going to care
you can try as much as you want but I'm
not going to care about your problems
even if they're true see the Trap is to
argue about whether it's
true as soon as you fall into the Trap
of arguing that it's true that the
average one group is less than the
average of the other group then you're
already lost they've already brainwashed
you don't care everybody is 100% unique
whatever problem one of you has I'll bet
nobody else has you probably have
exactly your own problem if you're being
you know sexually abused at home or
you're you've got a drug addiction
you've got mental illness you got big
problems and you don't want to hear that
there's some artificial average of some
group that compared to your artificial
average means that you with all of your
 problems still have to take some
of your and give it away because
somebody else's problems are magic I got
magic problems they're better than
yours don't care about your
problems so that's my
take but you should get away from if you
could any any situation in which
somebody wants to take your stuff and
give it to other
people all right um James O'Keefe has a
very fascinating uh allegation here
apparently there's this big money
raising Organization for Democrats
called act blue and according to
O'Keefe's uh OMG
investigation the allegation is that um
it's a money laundering
operation and it may be largely funded
by China and that the way it works is
they get names of senior citizens who
are unlikely to check whether their name
got used for a donation and they just
make tons of donations but under the
names of different people so it looks
like lots of small donations but it's
really just money laundering and
apparently ykee has some evidence I
think we're sure to prove but some
evidence he's not quite um explained in
total that suggests that it's coming
from China and if it is it would suggest
that China is funding Democrat policy
why would they do that is it because
Democrat policy is so good for the
United States no it's because even China
can tell that equity and this
is bad for the
country so I don't know how much uh
credibility to give the report
yet but I keep an eye on it and if China
is not trying to support Democrats
they're missing an obvious play because
the obvious play is to support the party
that has the worst ideas for the country
now China might say it's not that it's
just that they have the best you know or
the least aggressive policy about
China which is similar because we don't
want the we don't want a government that
isn't going to play hard with
China all
right
um Trump made uh what I consider his
first unambiguous political mistake I
think it was yesterday now when I say
this you're going to misunder understand
what I say and get mad at me are you
ready for this uh I would like the NPCs
to misunderstand what I say next and
then get mad at me all right for those
of you who are not NPCs you'll
understand this perfectly but watch for
the NPCs are going to get really worked
up for the non- NPCs here's my point you
never want to say something that will
cost votes but will not win you votes
does that make sense never say anything
in politics that will cost you votes but
couldn't possibly win you any votes so
Trump said he thinks that the flag
burning which was done outside the
Netanyahu uh speech by the uh pramas Pro
Palestinian groups um Etc and Trump was
talking about that on Fox News a Callin
and he said favored a one year in prison
for burning the American flag now that
is a huge mistake now the NPCs get to
say no Scott no I agree with him he's so
right that's not my point I'm not
talking about whether it's right or
wrong to burn a
flag that's not the
topic
so here's the topic the topic is did it
get him votes or lose him votes well
given the Trump's biggest problem is
that he's being characterized as a
dictator who's going to take your
democracy the last thing you want to do
is say that I'm going to put you in
prison for free
speech that's how it comes off now how
many of you were not going to vote for
him but as soon as he said prison for
burning a flag you said ah I'm in I I
would I was on the fence I hadn't
decided to support Trump but since he
said that thing about jailing people for
burning the flag well now now I'm all in
nobody nobody not a single extra vote
was gained but it played into the The
Stereotype that the other side was
creating that is a pure
mistake now do the NPCs want to argue
about whether it's right to burn a flag
because that's not the topic you get
that right all the smart people are
understanding I'm not debating burning
Flags
not it's not even the topic it's just
about whether the approach had any
benefit for the candidate or not and it
didn't it had only a downside and no
benefit now just to make it
interesting um I'm always in favor of
the right to burn a flag and then the
NPC is going to say but Scott it's not
your own flag it's not your own flag you
only have the right to burn your own
flag to which I
say suppose it's a government
flag and then you're going to say it's a
government flag that's right it's not
your flag so you should go to jail for
burning the government flag but I would
suggest that you look at the Supreme
Court precedent on that and I think you
might find I'm no expert but you might
find that the Supreme Court has ruled
that you can burn a government flag and
it's free speech you can't burn your
neighbor's
flag I'm pretty sure that's still
illegal and I would not be in favor of
burning your neighbor's
flag but if you burn the government flag
and let's say you've it's a cost of I
don't know $300 in flag material or
whatever it is I think you should pay
back the
$300 but I don't think you should go to
jail for a year right it seems more like
a small thing to
me and let me explain why I the uh to me
the value of the flag is that you can
burn it and it gets
stronger the value of the flag as a
symbol is that it's
undestroyable burn it there's another
one burn that one there's another one
you can't burn the flag right so so on
some level I think you can't burn a flag
oh yeah I say there's a fire and there's
some material and it's made of flag but
you can't burn the flag there's another
one I got three more I made uh the the
flag factory made to 400 of them while
you were burning it no didn't change the
thing you can't burn my flag so I don't
feel the sense of indignation that some
of you do and I get it I get it but just
understand that brainwashing is why you
feel the way you do if you have an
emotional feeling about the flag that's
beyond the concept of it being a symbol
for free speech if you really have that
emotional deep feeling about the flag a
piece of material that's brainwashing
that's one of the ways you know you've
been
brainwashed all right and if you watch
my video I was talking about you'll see
more about that keris was in favor of
sanctuary
cities um when she was in San Francisco
I feel like that should be a big
weakness because there must be more
people who are opposed to Sanctuary
cities at the moment than in favor of it
seems like that would cut into her base
a little
bit but here's the thing I was wondering
if you were to draw a line that showed
uh the the let's say the Continuum of
political left to political right and
then you were going to draw on that line
where Harris is um apparently she had
been as a senator listed as the most
liberal of all Democrats the most so she
would let's say be at the far left of
the of the Continuum right now where
would you put Trump
Trump's not at the far right is he or
anywhere near it because he doesn't even
accept the uh project 2025 Heritage
Foundation stuff which would be closer
to the far right and there's even a
farther right than that so if I were
going to draw it I'm just sort of
imagining it I'm seeing Trump right in
the middle of the right
half do you see it that way I see Trump
right dead in the middle of the right
half of the country and I think that's
where he wants to be now if I were to
draw a large circle around say the the
middle of politics it would not include
Harris because she'd be way on to the
left but it would include Trump just
barely you know in other words he' he'd
be just under the edge of normal
politics is that the way you see it now
that's purely subjective but it seems to
me she's outside of the uh the political
middle and Trump is surprisingly close
to the
middle all right that's just my personal
view all right so the the uh media has
been fascinating Us by how quickly they
can cover up the fact that kamla was the
borders are every major media called her
the borders are she never corrected at
the time the government documents that
gave her Authority called her the
borders are the actual Federal
government documents authorizing her to
do what she
did
Zar and now the media is saying she was
never the borders are what are you what
are you talking about of course not the
borders are oh she did have some she did
have the responsibility for looking into
and remediating the root causes but
don't think that's a borders are I mean
who would even say borders are besides
the people who gave her the job and
every single person from that point on
until it looked like being the borders
are was going to lose you the election
and now nope nope Wikipedia axios
they're all they're all correcting their
past reporting say well no no no no even
though we said it we reported it but we
were wrong we were all wrong oh we were
so wrong I've never seen the media
correct their own reporting so quickly
as when it didn't help a
Democrat
now so what would you say
would you say that she was a bordar or
not given what you know
now that she was called the bordar but
it is true also that her her role was
about prevention not you know people who
were streaming across the actual
border so you can see that there's a
difference there but here's the take I
like the best uh this came from r Davis
on X uh who's a real good follow on X if
you want to follow him rul Davis he's at
CEO branding and here's what he posted
this morning he goes theoretically if
one were if one were assigned a borders
Zar role but never did anything in said
role isn't it true that one was never a
borders
are oh okay I guess we found agreement I
would like to agree that she was never
the borders are because she didn't do a
thing have you heard of anything
I I think she had one meeting or
something she went to one country and
had a meeting once something like that
and nothing came of it that I'm aware of
it's not in the news yeah so I think
that we should agree that she was never
a borders are she just had that job
title and those responsibilities but
didn't do anything so it is fair to say
she was not the borders are she did
nothing and if you're still in favor of
sanctuary cities that would be like the
opposite of a borders are wouldn't it do
you think the borders are would sayou
know
guys we're trying to stop the
immigration but boy if you come in it's
going to be great you're going to get
some you're going to get uh health care
for free you'll be put in a sanctuary
City that's your borders are your
borders are never existed because the
borders are was very much in the
business of encouraging people to come
in at the highest level there's even a
old video of her challenging the uh I
think it was one of the directors of ice
about whether he understood that ice was
viewed the same as the KKK in some areas
and he of course said uh no I don't
accept that comparison we are a
constitutional legal entity trying to
stop lawbreaking the KKK is a racist
organization totally illegal no
comparison and then Harris tried to get
him to say but you understand why people
see it that way and he would say no I
don't I
don't we're completely legal we're
trying to stop crime KKK is you know to
be disavowed
totally uh no and she wouldn't stop but
but you see why people would see it
right and I think she was arguing that
since ice was doing something that
primarily was about one um racial ethnic
group people coming across the southern
border that therefore it was like the
KKK according to other people she
said to which I say correct me if I'm
wrong but I don't think we'd be that
happy if the Canadians were doing it
does anybody think if Canada were
flowing uh 10 million people across our
border we'd be like well it's okay I
mean they are
Canadians no if if the
socioeconomic criminal situation were
identical
it wouldn't matter what their you what
their racial or ethnic mix happened to
be uh well so Democrats have this one
play that they like to do where they
edit something so that it sounds
opposite of what it meant so we got
another of those I'm going to call it
the fine document
hoax you've heard of the fine people
hoax this is the fine document hoax so
there's a audio video of trump calling
into Fox News uh or someplace and uh he
was asked what are your thoughts on
Project
2025 now if you know the real answer
what Trump thinks of it is that you know
it's a 900 page document saying what um
what that group thinks Republicans
should do some of it would be normal
Republican stuff remember it's 900 pages
so some of it's just normal stuff but
what makes it controversial is there are
some things that are Way Beyond what
Trump considered
reasonable so in order to say that he
starts with uh many of the points are
fine and then they cut off the
video so that they leave out the part
where he says but there's also stuff you
know that I wouldn't possibly support um
it's it's radical on the
right now do you recognize that play
it's a rootar it's a rootar edit and
it's the same method they used for the
find people hoax the Covington kids hoax
the drinking bleach hoax and the
overfeeding koi in Japan
hoax now if you were on the left you
would be completely unaware that your
brainwashers use this technique over and
over and it works every time be and the
reason it works is they have no exposure
to me or anybody who would debunk it if
you had no exposure whatsoever and no
hope of any exposure to anybody on the
right the left can edit their videos any
way they want and they become the truth
in the brainwashed world of the
left well you already heard that Russia
and China had some bombers that were
doing some some kind of uh joint Patrol
situation um what I didn't understand is
that apparently Russia and China
coordinated now I'm not worried that
they're getting ready to attack that
doesn't look like anything that's going
to happen it's just that every time
Russia and Chinese military coordinate
in something that seems directed toward
the United States you should get a
little worried but here's what bothers
me the
most we had every chance to make Russia
our military
ally I just think that's one of the
biggest misses in the history of the
United States it would have been so easy
to just say look if you be behave a
certain way you get Rich we'll be allies
we'll all make some money you know let's
go forward but as I've said I think too
many people went through training to be
anti-russia in our um in our let's say
intelligence group and I think there's
just a reflex there and maybe Russia has
the same reflex to just treat each other
as
enemies and then of course if you do
that you end up being enemies which we
are now of course I'm deeply over
simplifying but I do think that the the
opportunity to not be enemies has been
there for a long time it's just that
some members of our government really
need this they just really need us to be
enemies and of course the uh you
military-industrial complex gets the
most money if it's the biggest threat
Russia is the biggest threat so as long
as you can say Russia and China are big
threats you can fund that military and
people make become billionaires so I
don't think anything's going to change
uh Russia will continue to be our fake
enemy that because we've decided they're
our enemy will act like a real enemy and
sure
enough uh this next story sickens me but
it's impressive at the same time so the
New York Times is writing about how the
FBI is investigating whether Trump was
hit by a bullet or some glass they
shattered because of a bullet now why
would this even be
important can anybody tell me why it
would be important to know if he got hit
by a bullet which I think he did versus
a piece of glass why would that be
important would it change anything well
it would change the the awesomeness of
Trump's near myth it would change it
from God must be protecting Trump to oh
looks like he got cut by some
glass so the biggest advantage that
Trump got was The Branding you know the
the photo you know he took a bullet for
democracy so the New York Times and the
FBI are apparently colluding to take
that away from him because if the FBI
can continue to say we don't know if it
was a bullet or glass which by the way
how would you ever
know how would you ever
know you know yeah even if you looked at
all the evidence could you know could
you know I mean I think it's got to be
at least 95% chance it was the bullet
but could you know and that would be
enough doubt that Harris could say that
he wasn't shot that he was just
pretending to be shot and the whole
thing was just an
OP which she will she'll say the whole
thing is fake you got you got hurt by a
little piece of glass and lied to the
country and said he got
shot now watching this happen right in
front of you while we watched them erase
all the bad news about um Harris and we
watched all the Democrats who you know
don't think she's awesome come together
to say she's the most amazing legendary
thing you've ever seen in your whole
life it's really remarkable so you can
feel the brainwashing
machine in real
time and I I don't think it's ever been
more obvious but also we're more trained
to look for it
all right here's another one uh JD
Vance um at one point was talking to
Charlie Kirk this was before he ran for
the Senate and he said an interview that
he thought uh that people without
children should be taxed more than
people with children oh oh no there's a
big story huh JD Vance thinks that
people who don't have children since
they're not adding as much to the
country should be taxed more than people
have children wow that's a a radical
idea he's got there
right that's also known as the current
tax
law how many of you didn't know that
single people already pay more
taxes did JD Vin not know that according
to Chad GPT we've got the uh dependent
exemptions the earned income credit the
Child Independent Care Credit and the
head of household filing status
now I don't know you know percentage
wise it's not a gigantic difference but
it's a clear distinct intentional
difference and indeed people who have
children get some tax benefits that
childless people don't have did JD Vance
not know that or did he think it should
be a bigger
difference I don't know but it's fake
news because people also don't know
taxes will say my God he wants to tax
the childless cat ladies and we are
childless cat
ladies yeah somebody show I knew
somebody was going to show me a picture
of the bullet zipping past the
president's head the bullet zipping P's
head doesn't show a hitting
him and we can't trust any
photos
so I don't know if that photo is real or
fake but I will tell you this if I had
that real photo and I thought I could
just put a little Photoshop line and I
could sell it as the bullet I know that
I would get 10 million
clicks is that what happened I don't
know I'm just saying that if you trust
that photo that could be photoshopped in
10 seconds give me 10 seconds and and
I'll turn any of your photos into
there's a bullet flying by next to your
ear so I wouldn't trust that photo at
all first of all and second of all it
doesn't show a hitting ear uh it shows
that it would be
nearby but everybody agrees it would be
nearby all right um so Nome is ordering
the uh state agencies to clear the
homeless encampments and you say to
yourself well why didn't that ever
happened before but apparently there's
some Supreme Court ruling that allows
cities to enforce bans on sleeping
outside in public spaces
now this this complete
 because says did we not watch
Nome clean up the homeless encampments
when China was visiting president
she what was it illegal when he did it
the first time did anybody do a lawsuit
then I don't think
so well maybe they did I didn't hear
about it um but uh I guess this gives
him a fake because so he can do it now
and say oh there's a reason I couldn't
do it is that mean old Supreme Court
hadn't decided
yet but doesn't it look to you like the
Democrats are confessing all of their
problems and trying as hard as they can
to fix
them don't you think this is a
confession that they let it go too far
but now they're trying to fix it before
the
election doesn't it look like all of the
Border stuff that the uh right now Biden
said that it was the lowest border
crossings including before
Trump you know that's not true right all
he did was game the numbers I I think he
just says uh the ones that we
process or or he doesn't count the
Asylum Seekers or something like that so
basically Biden just games the number
and lies about
it well Oregon is planning to cheat in
this upcoming election uh that's my take
so um here's what they're doing to me it
looks like they're planning to cheat so
Judicial Watch is warning Oregon to
clean their voter registration lists so
I guess there's some requirement meant
that people get rid of the dead people
and the people who moved out the people
who should not be voters but Oregon is
just not doing it so Judicial Watch is
saying you know there could be uh could
be some uh repercussions if they don't
do it now why in the world would a state
not clean their voter roles when it's
such so clearly a
required beneficial thing there's only
one reason I can think of to me this
looks like a clear intention to cheat
can you think of any other reason to do
that oh my troll is back so there's a
troll who keeps yelling that he wants me
to mention a certain thing which
actually would be interesting to mention
but he's become such a
on all of my live streams that I've
decided I'll never I'll never mention it
it's actually pretty interesting you'd
wish you heard it but he's decided to be
such a horrible person that um just I I
just can't mention it so you'll never
hear it from
me all right uh India's installed a
bunch of nuclear power capacity they
want to Triple their nuke capacity their
power by 2031 or two and so I would say
that India is future proofing their uh
and by the way I'm going to um I'm going
to to get rid of you on locals so I'm
going to cancel your membership on
locals um as soon as we're done here
Dean Dean Davis going to cancel you on
locals so we don't need any of you
anymore so India is a future proofing
India meaning that they're getting ready
for the future because they know that
the need for energy is going to be
through the roof if only for their you
know population much less for AI so
everybody who's
uh everybody who is a country that's
into AI if they're not looking to double
or triple their nuclear power they're
not really getting ready for the future
they are not future
proofed all right so here are some of
the the media's best brainwashing moves
lately so the media convinced us or
tried to that Biden was perfectly fine
until just
recently now I think this is the
strongest attack on Harris that Harris
was behind the biggest lie in
American history that Biden was fine and
he still is still is I mean she's still
lying about it because she's still
treating treating it like Biden is fine
we saw the we saw the
address there's not really any question
that he is unable to do the job so she's
currently lying too by being part of a
scam in which they pretend that Biden is
functional
um we saw the media turn on a dime from
saying kamla basically was the worst
candidate in the world to now she's the
best she's inspiring she's legendary uh
she's she's the first this and the first
that and she's my God she's good and
that's scary to watch the media turn
like that um she uh the the media
brainwashed us to think that the January
6 protest was a que but that the
removing of Joe
Biden was a George Washington moment and
they're trying to sell us that Biden is
a George Washington character because he
left power
voluntarily now you know how ridiculous
that is because we watched as the party
forced him out clawing and streaming so
he's the opposite of George Washington
he's like George Washington's little
 is what he's like because he
didn't want to go now why was it so
important important that they lied about
that it's important because their entire
uh case against Trump is that he's a
dictator who wouldn't leave power so
they had this guy who was mentally
incapable who wouldn't leave power so
they had to sell him as George
Washington this is brainwashing now it
doesn't affect the right because the
right is you know somewhat in
invulnerable to the left's you know
persuasion but everybody in their group
probably every rat believes that Joe
Biden did a George Washington leaving
power and that Trump tried to cling to
power Trump left power on the day he was
scheduled they they told you that he
could use paperwork to take over the
country oh I've got some alternate
direct directors or alternate electors
oh well we didn't know about the
alternate electors so I guess you can be
president again despite any process to
the contrary no it was never possible
that paperwork would take over the
country no he had no weapons he had
paperwork and he had an argument and the
paperwork didn't work if it had worked a
little bit the Supreme Court or
something would have worked it out and
tossed them out I'm sure and everything
would go on like it always does and
somehow half the country was brainwashed
into thinking an Insurrection happened
over paperwork and some trespassing
and and yet we watched in slow motion as
the party removed Biden against his will
and they called it a George Washington
moment of great character and
integrity now the fact
that they could do something so
blatantly untrue and opposite of reality
and opposite of observation and get away
with it tells you how powerful the
brainwashing
is um they've also told us that you can
know for sure that elections are fair oh
you can't we don't have fully auditable
elections you can only know that you
didn't find a problem not finding a
problem is not anywhere close to knowing
that everything was fine completely
different
concepts here's somebody here who
believed the foran
uh uh the foran joke about my my uh
pandemic a lot of trolls here today A
lot of dumb ones all right um new gingr
is talking about how hard it is for
Harris to uh pick a
VP and one of the one the names that
comes up a lot is that Josh Shapiro he's
the
governor and new says quote the problem
is more and more of their party is
anti-Semitic
and more and more their party sides with
terrorism more and more their party is
deeply hostile not just to Israel
they're deeply hostile to the UN United
States but what news says is if Harris
picked a Jewish running mate that her
own party would reject it not all of her
own party obviously but the the far-left
the uh Pro
Palestinian group the Michigan the uh
the
the leftist of her party and I think n n
is correct on that so but I also think
that she has a problem of picking
somebody who seems less capable than she
is while also being true to whatever Dei
requirements she feels she has now she
might be free of
Dei because she handles it herself but
that's not what I think I think the
people who are
really excited about K Harris because of
of her uh being first woman first you
know indian-american first black
American I think that they're going to
require that the VP Choice has a little
diversity I don't think they can just
slap a white man in there I think
they're going to need gay or they're
going to need Hispanic or they're going
to need something so that should um
tremendously limit the number of
potential qualified people
now if it acts the way Dei usually acts
which is even though there might be
tremendous qualified people in the
diverse categories there will be far
more opportunities for them uh than so
the demand would exceed the supply and
so it doesn't mean somebody's going to
leave their CEO job to go bvp so you
should have a limited pool to pick from
and it should be hard doesn't mean she
can't get the best person even within
Dei it just means that the odds of it go
way down just because of supply and
demand oh I'm so glad you're going to go
away Dean
Davis
okay
um so there's a question about the
Harris campaign funds and whether the
money that was given to Biden Aris is
now available to her now the the
the the surfacey thinking is that it
is but I made the common sense argument
that if you donated to um Biden you were
not donating to the vice president and
that the people who donated might have
some problem with the money just being
moved over to her now since they're
Democrats they probably don't have a
problem but you can see in a in a
technical legal way how it doesn't seem
to me like it's legal for the VP to take
over when nobody's voting for the
VP so um the uh FEC
chairman cookie is his name so he posted
the actual language from the uh I don't
know if it's a statute or a law or
whatever it is but it says if the
candidate is not a candidate in the
general election all contributions made
for the general election shall be either
returned or refunded to the contributors
or redesignated or reattributed in
accordance with existing statutes as
appropriate
now that would
suggest that it was a contribution to
the
candidate which would suggest it was
never about the
VP even if the vp's name was on
it the the contribution was about the
top of the ticket so I feel like the so
the Trump campaign has made some
challenges to this and I think uh maybe
they have a little bit of a
case I mean there's a common sense
argument for it but uh it might be too
late because if they just reallocate it
and start spending it it'll be gone
before any any court case could get to
it all right so here are some of the
things that uh Harris says when she
talks about economics you might notice
that um both Harris and Trump do a
similar thing when Trump talks about how
good the economy was under him he will
leave out the debt when Harris talks
about how good the economy is now she
leaves out the debt so if you were to
say the GDP is 2.8 and that's great but
you leave out the
debt you're leaving out the fact that
we're
doomed that feels like an important
thing that we're according to Elon Musk
and everybody who can do math we don't
have a way to pay it back and it's
growing to the point where it will eat
our entire budget and there's no amount
of Taxation or cost cutting that could
ever save us so I saw this guy who's
some some little dingleberry who
just tries to mock Elon Musk every day
on X um I guess he's running meta or
something for uh he's some kind of
competitor and
you know he does the whole thing about
how uh um you know everything's looking
good under Harris the econom is
good but if you leave out the the debt
you're leaving out the fact that we
neither candidate has a waiters survive
you would think that the minimum you'd
expect of either of your candidates is
to tell you a plan for
survival we are actually doomed there's
no there's no way for me to sugarcoat
that our entire economy will be gone
it'll be gone under the current plans uh
everybody's current plan nobody has any
nobody even has an idea as far as I know
so the the argument that other countries
have worse
debt that's a problem because that means
that they're going to be doomed at the
same time that doesn't make it better
for us that other other people are also
in trouble so it looks like
um yeah it looks
like what we really need is for a
politician to tell us the bad news but
how we can survive it but that's not
something anybody can say during an
election I will say that of the two of
them Harris or Trump only Trump could do
something big enough and bold enough to
make a difference I don't know what it
would be exactly but he's the only one
who could do something that big because
Trump doesn't just think big he thinks
big big and in order to even get your
mind around it you got to think bigger
than anybody's ever thought before yeah
you have to think almost founder of the
United States big you know do we fight
with England I mean it's that big so I
want somebody who can handle big and
something you know if it's in that
business e realm I trust Trump a lot
more a lot more
so anyway so mortgages rates have
exploded overall prices are up 20% this
is the Republican take on it but that of
course the price how much it's up
depends on where you start measuring and
of course gas prices are up 50% higher
mortgage rates are up so anything that
would lower our interest rates would be
pretty
big so you could imagine you can imagine
Trump having a constellation of
recommendations one of them would be to
drill like crazy another would be to
build nuclear power plants that are
standardized by the federal government
to be sort of pre-approved the
generation 4 you you need to go energy
energy energy but you also need to build
cities where people can live at low
cost and you might have to build new
cities because if you built me a city
where I didn't need to use a
car uh WiFi did all of my phone work I
mean I didn't even need a regular phone
maybe um the the government handles my
insurance in some kind of a co-op way so
there's not a huge huge uh you know uh
some kind of a huge profit from it you
could imagine building a city where
somebody could live on you know $2,000 a
month pretty well and the lifestyle
would be
awesome so I think we need some real
real creative thinking we're not
anywhere close to that creative thinking
by the way I think you will solve it
uh This falls well into the category of
the um the Adams law of slow moving
disasters when we can see a problem
coming from a long way away we do seem
to figure out miraculous ways to solve
them and we've done that with food we've
done it with energy we've done it with
nuclear war so far um whenever we have
lot in the year 2000 bug whenever we can
see a coming we're good it's only the
surprises that get us
so probably we'll work it out I just
don't know
how we need Democrat free
cities well we actually do I I do think
that you'll see maybe cities formed that
are more like private
organizations where you have to approve
yourself to get in imagine if you lived
in a
city where you vetted people so that you
know if they had a criminal record they
couldn't get in you some going of a
private
City wouldn't your cost of administering
your city be really low wouldn't your
local taxes be like real low because you
just make sure nobody lived there in the
first place and you had a big you know
fence around it so you could imagine
building a city that was really low cost
so that even if the value of the dollar
plunges by 75% which might happen uh you
could still live like a king because you
just made made sure the criminals were
somewhere you
weren't and you know made sure that
people uh took a walk after dinner
Etc all right that's all I got for you
now I'm going to go talk to the uh
locals subscribers privately thanks for
joining and uh I'll go say goodbye to
YouTube and Rumble and uh andex thanks
for
joining and locals I'm coming at
you
e
e
e e