but um Oh Joanne you're quick
as always hello everybody
come on in here it's Monday it's 7 a.m.
ish on the Pacific coast of beautiful
California and that means it's almost
time for coffee with Scott Adams
technically it's already time but we
haven't had the simultaneous sip and so
if you will join me for the simultaneous
if it happens now are any of you aware
of the controversy happening about the
patreon system patreon is where people
like me Jordan Peterson Dave Rubin etc
we we get most of our income from the
least the video part of our lives
through small donations people make a $1
donation usually and apparently patreon
just kicked off somebody named sargon of
akkad
I don't know anything about him but
apparently he said something that
crossed the line and he got deep
platformed and that is causing a number
of people to quit the patreon platform
so so my my patreon account just plunged
and I looked at it was like what why did
that go down it turns out there are a
lot of people just quitting the platform
over that yeah Sam Harris apparently
quit and we're talking about people who
are making you know serious amounts of
money on that platform we're just
leaving it without anything else lined
up that's pretty big statement I have
not left it so don't leave me yet but it
looks like something might be happening
there that would make the world a better
place
we'll see let's talk about the wall
funding
once again I find myself shaking my head
at the massive incompetence of the press
and the massive and competence of our
government and too they sort of have to
work together to sort of double the
incompetence because you and I are you
know we're sitting here today if I said
to you how much of the border should be
a wall and how much should be other
stuff fence or electronic whatever
what would you say well you might say
politically well it's all got to be a
wall or you might say politically it
mostly should be a fence but it's not a
political decision it's a it's an
engineering decision has your media
source explained to you how much should
be a wall because because engineers say
that's that's a good solution there mine
is not I I sampled media from both sides
I've never seen any kind of an engineer
even being interviewed about the wall
have you can you think of any interview
with somebody who actually knows
something about border security talking
about how much should be a wall and how
much should it be something else nothing
you have been absolutely screwed you
know you and I citizens of this country
absolutely screwed by our news sources
because our news sources need to tell us
that because the citizens are the only
ones who can break the the the log jam
so right now our politicians are in you
know complete gridlock because they
can't decide to do anything useful
because it would allow the other team to
win so both sides say I'm not going to
budge because I don't want the other
team to win the only way that can really
change at least in a product
way the only way it can change is to
inform the public and there are no new
sources trying to do that at all so the
biggest thing missing here is not you
know who wins the President or Nancy
Pelosi who is the winner none of that it
should just be the citizens looking at
some experts saying it should be this
much wall or walls don't work or why
don't we try some wall there there are a
whole bunch of rational things you could
do with the wall question and so far
we're doing none of them there are lots
of ways this could be a rational process
but we're not doing any of them we're
just talking about who's going to win
and because the news the you know the
business model of the news is not to
tell you boring but useful information
is to get you to click and buy things
and and to interact we don't have a way
to get from here to there there's no
path from where we are which is the
public is completely uninformed about
what we should or should not do with
thee as I call it the whens yeah if you
if you say it's a wall plus a fence
it's a wince so I say build that whence
some of its walls some of its fence let
the engineers decide but but just think
about how underserved you are by your by
your news sources that you don't know
that you don't know how much should be a
wall you don't know how well it would
work you don't know if it should be
tested you don't know if there you know
have an experience with something you
don't know any of that and yet you know
you're supposed to be an informed
citizen so it's it's criminal how
under-informed we are let's talk about
flip so I guess there's some stuff going
on with land and sentencing and whatnot
and the recommendation is for no jail
time from Muller I guess now let's say
the plan Flynn gets no jail time
or
even if he does we're trying to figure
out the odds that the President of the
United States will pardon him I want to
see your your estimate your predictions
first what are the odds from zero to
100% that the president will pardon Mike
Flynn general Flynn give me your give me
your percentages I see a hundred one
hundred hundred hundred hundred ninety
nine hundred well you guys are pretty
confident 2500 hundred so it seems the
vast majority of you think it's
something close to a hundred percent
some people saying zero it's a binary
world here's my estimate 100 percent in
fact if I'm wrong about this I would be
so surprised you know sometimes you you
make a prediction and you think you're
right
but rarely have I ever been this
confident in a prediction this is a
confident prediction unless there's some
new information right so I could always
throw in that hedge unless there's
something new that comes out this is the
most pardonable crime I've ever seen in
fact if you if can you tell me any crime
that is more deserving of a pardon than
this I've never heard of one in fact
everybody that I know who gets pardoned
has committed a pretty serious crime has
general Flynn committed a serious crime
it's not even clear that he did he did
anything but get trapped in fact I would
argue that this is one of those cases
where there is a serious crime committed
by the government and when the
government commits a serious crime
against the citizen as is apparently the
case maybe not in the legal sense but
certainly no morals
against general Flynn who has 30 years
of service to this country I think a
pardon is a no-brainer it would be the
safest easiest the best pardon the
president never gave secondly it allows
the president's story to get more
attention so what could be a better way
for president Trump to discredit the
witch hunt than to pardon Flynn because
he is a victim of a witch hunt it's
exactly the right story that you want to
have as much air as possible because if
the president pardons Flynn the news
business has to talk about it non-stop
and they can't avoid talking about the
fact that it looked like it was a setup
and he was squeezed to get the president
and it was a massive just massive
what would you say miscarriage of
justice so given that we want our
justice system not just to follow the
law although that's always the prime
directive but we also want justice and
this is one of those cases where it
seems to any reasonable observer I would
think that following the letter of the
law in this case is a miscarriage of
justice that's exactly when you do a
pardon so if you look at it from the
moral standpoint you get you should get
a pardon if you look at it from a legal
standpoint of how you know unusual it is
that they would even the government
would pursue this I would say from a
legal perspective it looks like a pardon
is due and then from a political
perspective it's perfect it's it's
literally just perfect
the president couldn't be in a better
position to give this pardon so in every
dimension that matters pardon if I'm
wrong about this I'll just be amazed now
I don't know when it'll happen you know
might maybe has to wait a little while
or something
but if I were Mike Flynn I would be
worried just because she should always
be worried in these situations but I
would be personally I would be really
disappointed in my president
if this isn't if this is not a
pardonable situation I would be very
very disappointed in my president so I
think it'll happen no we're talking
about Obamacare again because the judge
who struck it down but probably that'll
be overturned in Supreme Court or
whatever so we don't know how that's
going to go but I say again what is it
that prevents the United States from
simply having more than one system why
can't the people who want something like
universal health care have it and the
other half just not have it because we
have records we have databases and if as
long as you make sure there's a wall
between the people who have to pay for
the free health care and the people who
don't have to pay isn't there a way to
work that out isn't there some way to
just say okay your your in the aid group
you're in the B group the B group never
has to pay for anybody else's healthcare
but nobody's going to pay for yours
either
the a group they get to live their
socialist life and they get to tax
themselves for that what possible
problem is there with that is there a
problem does anybody see a problem with
that idea by the way I suggested this a
while ago and so out of the box because
we're just we're just a program to think
that there should be one set of laws for
the United States but there is no reason
for that
somebody says cost I don't think that's
such a big deal because whatever
economies of scale you can get with 325
million you can kind of get with a
hundred million if you have a hundred
million customers you've got some
economies of scale and you would also be
competing against another system
probably good - I would still love to
see somebody put together what I would
call a poor person's insurance plan
which would have the following items and
I just like to see them put in one place
an article or a blog or just in one
place something that's like a
catastrophic insurance only so just for
the hospital stays and the big stuff
some kind of insurance for that what
would that cost and then a direct care
doctor situation where you only you
maybe pay a hundred fifty dollars a
month and you can use the doctor all you
want but just this one doctor or some
combination of telemedicine where people
who talk to their doctor on their app
what would that look like you know how
much would that cost compared to the
other alternatives I'd love to see that
anyway so switching topics people like
to send me links to climate sceptics and
one of the things that you will learn if
you listen to climate alarm skeptics and
you also listen to climate alarm
alarmists the one thing that you should
find is that no matter which group
you're listening to there very
persuasive so if you're only listening
to the Pro Climate alarm people that
they're completely persuasive if that's
all you heard now if you listen to only
the skeptics the skeptics are wait for
it completely persuasive because you and
I can't tell the difference you and I
can't I can't tell who's lying in terms
of science you know how can I know if
somebody's graph is correct how would I
know
and then I've said for I guess I've been
saying this for three years now in
public that unless you put the skeptics
and and the climate scientists who say
there's a big problem in the same room
and give them as much time as it takes
for them to talk about it in a way that
you can follow along
unless you do that you're not even
really doing anything useful so let me
put it that way there there's no
conversation about climate that only
shows one side that is even a little bit
useful if you don't see both sides
you're just not seeing it now why do you
think it is that we have not seen that
kind of programming well it might be
because it's complicated and boring and
and nobody could judge you what anyway
so I would propose that we break down
this climate thing into the smallest
chunks just take one claim at a time and
see if he can get a climate scientist
and a and a skeptic to talk about just
the one point and I'll let me suggest a
one point that fits that category and
that is the question of how much ice
there is in the you know and/or glaciers
and such so apparently the I'm listening
to a skeptic here recently and the
skeptics claim which I can't confirm or
deny and that's my whole point
you can't confirm it or deny it if
you're just looking at graphs you're
like well okay that's a graph I don't
know who made that graph I don't know if
the numbers are real it's just a graph
and one of the things the skeptic claims
is that if you look at NASA's graph of
ice it looks like it started high and
it's declining and if it kept declining
at that rate it looks like the ice would
melt and the oceans would rise and a few
problems but the skeptic says that they
they picked a time to start start
looking at it that gives you a
completely misleading idea of the trend
in other words if you went back to the
70s you'd see that the ice was was it
lower but anyway that the trend is
completely obliterated if you go back
another couple of decades so everything
that the graph tells you about the ice
decreasing in recent years is completely
debunked if you go back a few more years
because you can see that it's cyclical
now I'm not claiming that that's true
all I'm telling you is that there is a
skeptic I don't know who it is I don't
know what their qualifications are who
has made a claim that looks very
persuasive when I see it out of context
so as long as I'm only looking at the
critic
it's totally persuasive that does me no
good at all if I can't put that guy in
the same room with it with the NASA
person says oh yeah there's a perfectly
good reason why we didn't start looking
until this date and the reason is let's
say the old information was apples and
oranges so we don't really have a you
know a predictable history based on the
same criteria so we just started where
we could and you know that's why we did
until I hear why I don't know anything
don't know anything but I will tell you
this there is a financial scam that
works exactly like what the climate
alarmists are doing that doesn't mean
that what they're doing is a scam but it
does mean that their communication plan
is packaged exactly as a scam here's
what how this game looks let's say
you're a financial investment firm and
somebody says oh boy with eyes rolled
you haven't even heard what I'm gonna
say so if you're let's say you're an
investment fund and you're presenting
yourself as a fund that can pick stocks
and can do it better than average and so
you should put your money into this fund
because they're really good at picking
stocks on your behalf
do you know how they advertise let me
tell ya stock funds tend to have good
periods and bad periods that are up a
little bit they're down a little bit
they're up a little bit they're down the
period when do they show you the chart
they don't show you the whole period of
the last five years they wait until
there's a period where their stocks have
gone up and then they take a snapshot of
just that period especially if it's the
recent period and then they say look
what we've done everything everything in
this chart is true and we could back it
up look at this chart in the past two
years we've killed the market we're just
absolutely obliterating the market in
the last two years here's my chart you
can't argue with it these are real
numbers but it's a scam because what
they did was is they ignored the last
five years where they were under water
or just average right everybody's going
to have a good period with stocks so
where do you see the climate information
presented the same way as a well known
well understood no question about it
scam if you have to package your truth
in a scam package my eyebrow goes up and
I say why must you package it in a way
that is identical to known scams why
would you do that is it because you
don't know that it's identical to scales
I need an answer to that and until I
know the answer that it's hard to come
up with a judgement if you look at
financial scams they have a lot in
common with the way climate science is
presented which doesn't make climate
alarm a scam but you have to ask why is
it presented exactly like one here's
another thing you would expect of a scam
you would never put the critics in the
same room with the people making the
claim
right you would never do that because
because it can't survive it
the reason that the financial people
give you the chart of just this you know
the final most reason here because I
happened to go up that year is that
nobody's going to give the counterpoint
there's nobody who gets the other chart
and says ha ha I'm going to put an
advertisement right next to yours that
shows the 10 years before that that you
lost money because they don't have a
counterpoint the financial scam works
now if you can't put your skeptic in the
same room with the alarm person and
still sell your point do you have a
point
if you can't survive the skeptics do you
have a point I'll get rid of this so
there's somebody saying that I'm buying
the big oil story I think I just told
you exactly the opposite idiot
sorry I blocked him anyway I think what
I just said is I can't tell if the I
can't tell if the skeptics or the
alarmists are correct does that sound
like buying big oil story idiot no
that's exactly the opposite
sorry it doesn't seem to you that people
have gotten stupider in the last well
you know it feels like the last month
the stupidity level has just gone
through the roof there was some guy on
Twitter I ended up getting in an
accidental controversy with yesterday
who is some some guy who said that a
recent poll said that you know 75% of
people were in favor of immigration so
take that and I thought to myself 75% of
people are in favor of immigration isn't
it closer to a hundred percent I've
never even heard of anybody who was in
who isn't in favor of some form of
immigration so he claims victory against
all Trump's
Porter's I guess by saying that a poll
said that most people are in favor of
immigration well big freaking surprise a
hundred percent of the world is in favor
of immigration we just want to you know
do it in some different ways a little
bit and I'm looking at stuff like this
online and I'm thinking what is wrong
with people what the hell is wrong with
people
it does feel like they're getting dumber
and I wonder if there's actually
something to that do you think that
people are getting dumber at least in
terms of critical thinking or is it just
that the dumb people used to be easier
to ignore maybe that's it maybe it was
easier to ignore the dumb people before
Big Oil versus the earth I don't know
what that means and immigration is not
migration correct yes so then yesterday
somebody told me that the critics like
to say this the trolls they like to say
well your boy
meaning President Trump your boy is in
trouble now
he's got six different states or after
him and bla bla bla bla bla bla here's
the thing I'm wondering about the Trump
situation with all of the hoaxes and
investigations isn't this guaranteeing
that will never have an effective
government again there's something about
the the way everybody's going after
Trump which tells me that if it works
and they take him out one thing you
won't the Republicans take out the next
Democratic president and don't they have
to you know I'm typically not the one
who says oh oh let's get revenge on them
because they got revenge on us well wha
but if the if the Democrats are
successful in taking out President Trump
or even just making him
harder to do his job dealt the
Republicans have to return in the favor
it's sort of a mutually assured
destruction situation in fact I will go
further I would say that if President
Trump were to let's say go to jail
I think that's deeply deeply unlikely
but if it did happen don't you think
they'd have to take Hillary Clinton's in
jail over something I mean you could
always find something right it feels
like they both have to go to jail if
either one of them did so there's that
but I have a funny idea for you all
right so we've got this lame-duck
Congress which is still at least on
paper Republican in Congress so they
could pass something so they would be
able to pass something but only under
the conditions that the you know the
next Congress doesn't overturn it right
there would be no point doing that let
me suggest the law for the existing
lame-duck Republicans to pass are you
ready for this it would be hilarious and
completely doable
this would be completely doable there's
nothing that would stop them from doing
it and the law would look like this we
would state that it is legal in all
cases to pay somebody for a
non-disclosure agreement in the context
of an election and that it would never
be called an election expense so you
narrow it you narrow it so it's a very
specific to paying somebody to be quiet
it doesn't matter if it's a girlfriend
it doesn't matter if it's a co-worker or
whatever now the requirement has to be
that it can't be over an illegal act so
maybe you can't pay somebody to to be
quiet about something that was illegal
but if somebody was involved with a
woman or something that would just be
embarrassing but wasn't illegal wasn't
illegal why can't Congress just say we
make that legal in all cases that
never be prosecutable as a as an
election crime because we just made it
legal now I don't know how it works in
terms of retroactive laws because if
something's already happened
if something's already happened can you
say it's not illegal in the past well as
a practical matter it doesn't matter
because if you if you imagine that
something became legal during the time
that somebody was in the you know the
legal process by the time it got in
front of a judge the judge would I think
in every case say yeah used to be
illegal Congress made it legal now so it
would be a miscarriage of justice to
prosecute you for something that is
completely legal now all right
so in effect couldn't Congress the
Republicans take the entire Cohen
situation off the table just by making
it legal tell me that wouldn't work can
any somebody says that's
unconstitutional it's not
unconstitutional how in the world could
that be unconstitutional somebody says
somebody saying that it's already legal
and I think you're probably right about
that but wouldn't it be funny for the
Congress to make it completely codified
in law instead of sort of leaving it for
lawyers to argue about whether it's
legal or not
so understanding that some of you say
it's already legal and I agree with you
but you do understand that some big
portion of the country who are trained
lawyers think that a law has been broken
so whatever it is that they think has
been broken in this imagine if you will
that the Congress just said RA is legal
let's make the non-disclosure agreements
paying for them with your own money even
if you think it will help you in the
election just make it legal
yeah I'm not seeing legal but not
explicitly legal right now am I wrong
that this is would be hilarious because
it would just take the entire issue
right off the map now what would the
Democrats argue about that so here's the
here's the other clever thing about it
Democrats would have to argue that it
should be illegal to pay for a
nondisclosure agreement
it's a terrible argument nobody wants to
make that argument because the entire
world revolves around non-disclosure
agreements it's the most common thing in
business everybody who has ever worked
in business a signed a nondisclosure
agreement right they can't there's no
argument against it and it doesn't
matter because the lame duck Republicans
have a majority so I say why don't we
fix it for President Trump just to get
on with the business of the country but
also fix it for every future politician
who might be in the same situation it's
got to be a common thing yeah and
Congress spent millions for that same
purpose why not make it legal for them
too
it's funny I don't see much pushback on
that now there may be some procedural or
other reason why it's just hard to do
alright yeah the Weger topic yeah the so
the Chinese do seem to be pretty dead
set about keeping a religion and of
their country you know it's hard to
judge China because China is an insanely
successful situation and part of it is
because there's such badasses in other
words they you know they rule their own
country with a harshness that we find
offensive in this country but you have
to ask yourself if China would be
succeeding if they had the same set of
laws that we have here it's a and I
think the answer is maybe not but we'll
see so on one hand it's of course a
terrible tragedy if they're singling out
nough crews for for bad treatment on the
other hand what would would the world be
better off if China was in some state of
perpetual civil war I don't know how do
you know if the reports are true good
point we do not know if any reports
about the Uighur minority are true it's
exactly like the situation where the the
people coming out of Iraq before the
Iraq Wars would say well bad things are
happening over there take my word for it
yeah all right
your comments are being read by me in
case you wondered isn't better human
rights always better well that's the
question let's say you had a and I'm not
I'm not comparing anybody to Nazis here
but let's just say that China had a Nazi
movement that was you know that was
starting up would China be better off
suppressing it or letting it go in in
the name of you know freedom of speech
or something I don't know how would do
we know somebody says you really don't
believe in climate change that is a
stupid question somebody said do you
believe in climate change is there
anybody who doesn't believe in climate
change that is a stupid question they
say there are no stupid questions but
that was a stupid question everybody
believes in climate change do I believe
that the climate models are accurate no
no I don't do I believe that there might
be a risk yes I do do I think we should
treat it seriously
absolutely with that many scientists who
are worried about it I treated seriously
do I think that a 10% reduction in GDP
over 80 years is enough to panic about
personally no according to the climate
alarmists their own numbers the you know
we may have a 10% hit on GDP during a
time when the GDP will be up by five
times so it'll go up by five times but
it could've going up a little bit more
that's according to the climate report
the government
put down if that's the case no big deal
and we've got 80 years to figure out
technology to to take care of the
problems as well as reduce it if if co2
is the big issue do you believe in magic
I don't know what that means so here's
here's the worst argument against
climate alarm and it goes like this it's
all being caused by sun cycles now I've
told you I told you earlier that I can't
determine between a skeptical argument
and a you know a non skeptical argument
I don't have the ability to detect who's
right but there are some special cases
where it's pretty easy to tell what's
right one of them is the claim that the
Sun cycles have perfectly predicted
warming and that therefore that's all
that's going on
you know you have to just look at the
Sun cycles or that's mostly what's going
on here's the thing that seems like the
easiest thing that NASA could ever check
all right could there be anything easier
to check than the Sun cycles because I
guess we'd all be looking at the same
data right if NASA has looked at all
that data and just as now there's
nothing here I can't check their work
because I'm not a scientist but the odds
of them getting that wrong very small
not impossible not impossible but if
you're gonna bet on it I'd say the odds
of getting the Sun cycle thing wrong
from NASA very small now what are the
odds that their long-range multi
variable variate models are right and
that they've taken account into all the
things and they can really predict the
weather well I think the odds of that
are low but the odds that they got that
sunspot thing wrong maybe
very small chance they got that wrong
I'm talking about NASA here now when I
talked about earlier that NASA had a
graph that said that the the ice the ice
is you know melting around the world and
then the skeptic says yes but you go
back a few years and you can see that
it's just cyclical what are the odds
that the skeptic is right I don't know
50 50 I don't know how to handicap that
one but it does look like it's a solid
argument I would love to hear the
counter if I don't hear the counter to
it I don't know what to think of it let
me give you let me give you a challenge
if you will
maybe maybe challenge is the wrong word
I I I assert that people who were not
climate sceptics
have never seen or be exposed to the
skeptical arguments let me say this as
clearly as possible the people who by
completely into climate alarm this is my
speculation have not been exposed to the
better skeptics arguments literally have
never seen them the people who are
skeptical have been exposed to both
sides and therefore I believe that
anybody who is the climate alarmists
let's say a citizen not a scientist not
talking about people who can look into
the data but if you experienced both
sides you would leave as a skeptic or
more skeptical than you started you know
you could there may be various degrees
of skepticism so I've looked at both
arguments and from a persuasion
perspective the skeptics have the strong
argument completely different from and I
know you know there'll be 25 idiots on
here who say well Scott while you're
agreeing with the big oil companies
just because you say the skeptics have
the more persuasive argument no no I'm
not saying that
saying that I have no way to tell who's
right
the skeptics or the others can't tell
but I can tell you who has a better
argument meaning what is more persuasive
and the skeptics by far have a more
persuasive argument even if they're
wrong and I can't tell the difference so
you have to ask yourself why the
skeptics have the stronger persuasive
argument even if they're wrong did I
know that exon discovered global warming
I don't know that that's true so I'm
going to say no to knowing that since I
still don't know if it's true well it
doesn't matter that 0 of the models have
been correct because the the models are
showing an increase in the rate of
warming so if there's an increase in the
rate of warming kind of doesn't matter
exactly how precise that is so on that
in that sense I agree with the climate
scientists that if all the if all the
models go in the right direction that
would tell you something well we don't
know and can't know is what did they do
the models that don't point in that
direction if somebody makes a model that
doesn't fit within this fairly wide
range of all the other models what are
they going to do with that model I'm not
gonna keep it they're going to tweak it
until it fits people asked me about Mike
sort of itch what do I think
well wha why should I have been why
should I have any opinion on that he has
he has opinions about jump and maggot
and all that and I would say he's got
specific opinions on specific topics
which is different from saying he's
buying the whole model so I think it's
it's perfectly
perfectly reasonable for Mike to like
some things and not like other things I
don't know that there's any story there
[Music]
how to support this broadcast without
patreon well if you don't want to use
patreon the super hearts
that are built into this periscope
worked so somewhere in the bottom of
your screen let's see if I can figure
out how to point to it somewhere down
there you should see an icon with a
heart that's got little lines coming off
it if you press it it would tell you how
to have it give me a super heart as they
call it which means that you you buy
them for a few bucks and then you can
give them oi so that would be a great
way to do it where some Bitcoin I'm not
accepting Bitcoin but thanks for asking
however if you want if you had if you
wanted to support me here you could buy
the when when tokens that are part of my
startup so that would be certainly the
cheapest way that you could support me
while also potentially becoming rich
it's not an investment but it could
happen
[Music]
yes and you could buy a Dilber a
calendar or you could buy when Bigley as
a gift in fact the best the best thing
you could do for B would be to buy a win
big Li as a gift for Christmas if you
did that one thing that would be amazing
for me yeah if you go to La token that's
an exchange la token dot-com I think la
token la token you can buy the web and
the when are the tokens that are
associated with my interface app and
you're going to hear a lot more about
that in the next few weeks because we've
got some big upgrades there talk about
France you know France just isn't
interesting what kind of coffee do I
drink just Starbucks or whatever
whatever is laying around I'm not a big
coffee connoisseur all right that's
enough for now I will talk to you all
later