hey everybody come on in here it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams sure it's no
Golden Globes and I'm no Ricky Gervais
but it's something what else you gonna
do watch the news stare at the wall no
you're here because you want the
simultaneous hip and all the goodness
that comes with it there's a lot of
goodness and my goodness there's a lot
of goodness and all you need is a cup or
a marker glass the tanker gels are
signed a canteen Joker flask well that's
a little any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid you know what I like I
like my coffee enjoy now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine the
other day the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous it go oh the goodness
is permeating my body sue I know what
you want to talk about you all want to
talk about the Golden Globes and Ricky
Gervais is for those two people who
don't know the news Ricky Gervais was
the host of the Golden Globes which he
said it would be the last time you do it
and then he took advantage of the fact
that it was the last time he would do it
to get pretty brutal with the Hollywood
crowd now I gotta say I don't think his
jokes were clever but they were super
mean and the the funny part was just
that he was saying it to their faces and
it made them since their uh Nathan's sit
there with a camera on them squirming so
we don't need to repeat any of the jokes
because frankly the jokes were not that
as strong but the but the way he did it
was actually very entertaining because
it was more about making them
uncomfortable with the camera on them
and man he did that he delivered that if
you want to see celebrities looking
uncomfortable
watch that video so I could not like
Ricky Gervais any more than I do
meaning he's just one of my favorite
people so what else happened the funny
thing was the Ricky Gervais is called
out the the actors for being the least
informed yeah and most ridiculous
citizens who have who barely gone to
school and yeah it's exactly what the
public thinks now of course the the
funny part about it is that now he'll be
called a a right-wing nut because he was
making fun of left-wing people but trust
me he he doesn't go easy on the right
either so he's pretty brutal to both
sides which is what makes him wonderful
now i-i've been kidding for the last
several months especially since my book
loser think came out that artists are
the least capable of understanding their
world because they live in art world
where everything's meaningful and
everything follows a story arc and you
know so they live in this artificial
world of imaginary stuff and they don't
really have in most cases training as
scientists or economists through lawyers
or or people who learn to look at things
objectively so the funny thing is that
it was a collection all in one room of
the least capable people for
understanding any issue really literally
all the least capable people were put in
one room and then they turned the camera
on and they say okay least capable
people give us some opinions in public
and I don't know about you but when I
would I listen to their opinions it's
kind of funny this is just me and it
doesn't even matter who it is or what
their opinion is when it comes from the
people who are just artists that's the
only lens they have onto life
it looks just kind of funny
because they're so poorly informed
haven't thought anything through you
know don't see long-term ramifications
it anyway it's just funny speaking of
funny celebrities Michael Moore
apparently wrote a you wrote a letter to
the Supreme Leader of Iran thank God
were you a little bit worried that World
War three was gonna break out well you
don't have to worry anymore because it
turns out that Michael Moore has
surrendered for you so Michael Moore
told her an that we surrender no he
didn't say that he said quote I am
asking you to leave this up to me what
this letter to the supreme leader
hey Supreme Leader leave it up to me I'm
Michael Moore I got this sure you have
the Revolutionary Guard
you've got proxies you've got Hezbollah
but you don't have Michael Moore leave
it up to me I'll take care of this now
what he means is I'm assuming he's not
talking about assassination I think that
he means that he wants to help but get
Trump not elected and he says give me
all of ten months and I and millions of
American will remove Trump from the
White House so am I wrong the he took
sides with Iran kind of I mean it's not
as clean as that but one of the things
that used to always be true is that when
the United States got any kind of a
defensive or warlike footing people
would you know most people would join in
and at least for the period of the
highest danger people sort of be on the
same side of America but Michael Moore
has decided that he could run things a
little bit better here so he's going to
take charge of the country and you just
leave it up to him
he says he'll he'll you'll organize all
the Democrats and
Trump out problem solved so good job
there Michael more saving the world from
World War three okay
what are the biggest problems that the
anti-trump er have had since since he
got elected really since he got sworn in
is the lack of anything that looked like
what they thought was going to happen in
other words Trump didn't do all of the
horrible things that they expected to
happen but they're sure they're right
but how how can they still be right
about everything they predicted about
Trump when none of the present
information seems to support it
and the answer is they have decided that
his real problem is not what he's
already done the real problem is
imaginary future stuff because at the
moment if you just look at today it
appears that you know Trump took a major
terrorist off the field but the real
problem is what's gonna happen next so
they would like to remove the president
for imaginary future problems now when I
say imaginary I don't mean that I know
what the future will look like and they
don't I'm saying that neither of us know
what the future will be I don't know
what it's gonna look like you don't know
what it's gonna look like I don't know
if it's gonna be better I don't know if
it's gonna be worse but I do know that
the future is imaginary meaning that it
hasn't it hasn't happened and it only
exists as a sensation in our minds and
there's half of the country has decided
that they're the imaginary future
problems are now so great that this
president needs to be voted out or
impeached
so Pelosi
siding with Iran sort of has decided to
I don't do some damn stupid thing
legislatively
or at least a declaration by declaring
the attack provocative and
disproportionate so it's a resolution
I'm sorry it's not legislation it's just
a resolution and it's one that as Joel
 said in Breitbart it invites
international prosecution of the
president for war crimes because the
whole dis provocative and
disproportionate it's the
disproportionate part that is the war
crime problem I would say that Nancy
Pelosi has not taken the interest of the
country in mind because here's the thing
I believe she is trying to keep the
president from starting a full war what
how can you prevent somebody from
starting a full war when their entire
thing is to prevent a full war it's like
it's like she's trying to let's say
prevent ice from freezing now that
doesn't work I'm trying to think of a
good analogy to explain that but Pelosi
I lost my train of thought there but
she's not helping definitely not helping
here's something that CNN said today on
their website is in an opinion piece and
it's one of their opinion people who
does a daily anti-trump article and
today's daily anti-trump article is
Collinson I think is the name the Trump
administration is already in danger of
losing control of a swift chain reaction
and political storm unleashed by
skilling if Iran's top General isn't
that an imaginary future problem that
were in danger of losing control of the
Swiss chain reaction aren't we always in
danger of losing control
does that ever go away is there ever a
time when you're not in danger of losing
control well I think so I think we're
always in danger of that
so imaginary future problems are quite
bad we're speaking of imaginary future
problems for the people who think that
Salamone should not have been killed I
would love to hear them describe what
they think the future would turn into
under their preferred plan so let's say
that their preferred plan is that we
didn't kill him and we don't do anything
militarily we just sort of try to you
know tri-state try to stay uninvolved
what would that look like well number
one Iran would develop a nuclear weapon
now apparently there's some disagreement
about whether they were abiding by the
Iran nuclear agreement according to
Israel they were not because Israel
found a trove of documents in Iran that
showed that there that their development
was ongoing so we have documented proof
that they cheated why would we expect
them not to keep cheating because I'm
pretty sure that the inspectors never
had access to everything they had access
to what they knew about but they don't
have access to everything of course so
if you were against the president's
action what do you think the world would
look like without it and also what do
you think it looks like with it because
if you can't sort of game that through
why do you even have an opinion because
we're talking about the future the
imaginary future tell me what the
imaginary future looks like under both
scenarios one where we act tough on Iran
and one where we don't because it seems
to me that Iran would continue doing
what they're doing kick the u.s. out and
Israel would eventually have to take
them out because Israel doesn't seem to
want to live with a nuclear Iran so that
would happen and do we believe that the
Iranian Revolution would be limited
geographically because all the evidence
suggests that they're trying to spread
the revolution as far as they can so I
just like to hear what somebody says
look like if we didn't do that all right
let's talk about the crowd sizes so
you've seen all the pictures all the
people who went to mourn Solomon a-and
it was miles and miles of people I think
Millions
so it was an enormous outpouring of
outrage but here's the thing the two
things you need to know number one how
many people didn't go how many people
didn't go in the streets because I'm
sure however many went there may have
been a lot of people didn't it's sort of
a hidden Trump voter problem if you were
one of the people who opposed the regime
would you necessarily go out in public
probably not I mean they have had some
protests but they seem to be on other
topics fake to the missile launches I
don't know what that means somebody's
saying something about faking missile
launches so we can't really tell
anything from the crowd sizes because
you don't know the context you don't
know how many people did not March and
what did those people think because I
don't think anybody's saying that a
hundred percent of Iranians wanted this
guy dead nobody made that claim because
there's not a hundred percent of
Iranians who want any one thing they're
all over the map just like everybody
else and as was pointed out to me just
before I got on periscope somebody was
messaging me and pointed out that
there's a let's say a social element to
this in other words having gigantic
outside demonstrations with morning and
yelling and stuff is a cultural thing so
if you're looking at how many people
have showed up in Iran to shake their
hands and yell death to America you
can't really compare that to some other
country where it's not normal to get out
there and shake your hands at the sky
and say death to America so there's
something about the culture that gets
people in the streets
for lots of stuff they did it for Obama
apparently they did it for this this was
bigger than most but you would expect
that so we don't know what to make of
that I got a question for you is there
any reason that the Palestinians
couldn't be resettled in Iraq now I
don't mean carving out like their own
little territory but rather just if Iran
if Iran wanted to help the Palestinians
and it didn't look like there was any
practical way that they would get back
to Israel and reclaim their their
homeland or something if you believe
that couldn't happen and of course it
can't what would be the next best thing
because if the Iranians really want to
help the Palestinians and that seems to
be one of the big stumbling blocks
wouldn't it help them to allow them to
move to Iraq and again distributed you
know just basic immigration they would
end up wherever they ended up so you
wouldn't have to carve out territory but
suppose suppose we made some kind of a
grand a middle-east deal to avoid war in
which part of these resolution was the
Palestinians don't have to move they
could stay where they are and you know
conditions might not improve there but
suppose you gave them an offer and you
also funded their move I don't know what
it would cost in the Middle East let's
say you know some group of countries got
together and said you know just to lower
the temperature over there if anybody is
in the Palestinian area they want to
move to Iraq this would be a good time
to do it we'll give you a little money
for the for the move and then you'll
just be in a place that's growing
because the Palestinian territory may
never grow
somebody says like an Indian Reservation
no nothing like an Indian Reservation
because I said specifically then they
wouldn't be moving to a specific area
where they would all be in Iraq I'm just
saying they could emigrate they would
just have the right to emigrate that's
all now obviously
got a call from Canada hello thank you
for choosing master alright the
candidate calling it doesn't belong to
Israel is really shouldn't even exist so
somebody well that's maybe the dumbest
comment anybody ever said I hate to call
you out there in public but so somebody
said the land doesn't belong to Israel
of Israel shouldn't even be there that's
like the dumbest comment you could be
right you could be wrong completely
irrelevant because Israel is there and
they're not going anywhere
right it doesn't matter they should be
there what the hell the difference does
that make you know your opinion of where
people should be has no bearing on
reality whatsoever here's what I think I
think you should be in Canada yeah
that's what I think I don't approve of
you being where you are you should be in
Canada why would you care about my
opinion about where you should be
why would anybody care about anybody's
opinion about where they should be they
shouldn't um so it would be great if you
could go back in time be a time traveler
maybe you could change things that would
be terrific and when a time sheet time
machine is developed then get back to me
once you've fixed everything okay but
they're there now they exist now they're
not going anywhere it's not gonna change
you have to deal with the reality as it
is not not the imaginary imaginary a
reality there's still question the
Democrats were questioning how imminent
the attack was from Psalm na and and
Iran totally irrelevant questioned
wouldn't you agree
completely irrelevant how imminent it
was if we know that he's created a track
record of continuous badness what would
make us think it would stop there's no
evidence that he was going to stop
because he'd been doing it for a long
time
of course he wasn't gonna stop why do we
need to know how imminent it was I mean
it would be nice
it'd be cool to know but it doesn't make
any difference the imminence of it is
completely irrelevant
next week month from now six months from
now if summit you know wouldn't you kill
a terrorist if you thought that next
year he was gonna kill somebody if he if
he knew that he was planning it of
course you would
doesn't matter how imminent it
is you'd kill him if you knew the plan
was there if you could let's talk about
Jeffrey Epstein did you all see the 60
Minutes reports or at least see the
pictures on it the 60 minutes report
proves it was suicide does that your
take from it 60 minutes report this is
this is just my interpretation of it
proved beyond any doubt in my mind that
it was suicide
here's how how many times if you heard
the story from the the coroner who was
not who was not assigned to it but he
was the expert coroner who observed how
many times have you heard him say that
the only way those broken neck muscles
could have happened is by murder because
that never happens with hanging yourself
how many times have you heard that like
a million times right and it's the best
evidence of all the evidence that would
be the strongest evidence a credible
coroner who says no this kind of injury
only happens for murder
that's very credible right except
finally and I've been wondering where
this was finally 60 minutes goes to the
actual coroner who was in charge and
says apparently says to them
oh I'm sorry forensics person would that
be the right name for what they were
doing and says the person who actually
performed the autopsy and says to that
person how often if ever do you get
these broken bones for a suicide and the
guy who actually is expert enough to do
the autopsy in such a high-level case
said oh yeah that happens
what so we have two completely different
expert opinions one says oh yeah those
bones could break from suicide and the
other says can't happen one of them is
being paid to come up with a certain
let's just say he's biased by who his
client is which is Epstein's brother so
one of them is biased but he's also a
very qualified expert one of them
probably is not biased in the sense that
I mean he was just doing his job right
he wasn't working for anybody except the
public and he would have no reason to
have the wrong answer unless you imagine
he got bribed or he was in on it or
something so that was the main thing I
wanted to hear I wanted to hear some
other expert a forensics pathologist
tell me that the other coroner is wrong
that you can break your neck bone by
suicide but that's not the proof that it
was suicide here's the proof that it was
suicide and you're gonna be mad at
yourself if he didn't think of this you
ready all right so so I'm going to tell
you why the 60 minutes report proved it
was suicide and right no blood on the
sheets right and so he says are you
kidding now I'm not and when I tell you
the proof you're gonna be pissed off
they didn't think about it yourself here
it goes there were multiple nooses so
there was more than one noose and there
was also a piece of fabric that had torn
there was up in the top of the window so
I guess the windows had some kind of
wire or Barham and at the very top at
higher than the top of the bunk bed
there was a piece of fabric that had
been tied there for some purpose
presumably to hang himself but you know
it was a it was cut so it's just a
little bit piece left now let me ask you
this yeah you just figured out what's
happening right well let me pull it all
together if he were murdered would the
murderer bring
multiple nooses to leave in the cell if
the murderer wanted to look like a
suicide would they bring more than one
noose not in a billion years somebody
says yes no they wouldn't bring multiple
nooses and leave them there because
multiple News's says says that it just
just nobody would do that it just would
be too smart for somebody to do if you
wanted to make it look like a suicide
you want to get in and out as quickly as
you can one noose if you were trying to
kill yourself might you have a few
different uses that you had fashioned
before you decided which one to use and
the answer isn't very much so you
definitely would so when you see one of
the nooses and it has no blood on it but
yet there's blood around his neck what
does that tell you it tells you it tells
you that he didn't use that news that he
used something else so there was also
apparently an electrical device for his
sleep apnea they had a power cord if I
had to guess that seems more likely but
let me tell you a little little jail
information that you didn't know you saw
the news I guess we're a few of them and
they were cloth and yet you saw what
looked like a smaller literate ligature
on his neck so it didn't look like cloth
could have created that you know the
type of injury had to just didn't look
like a cloth injury here's what you
don't know when you hang yourself with
cloth in a jail you you wet it so you
wet the cloth to make it small and
stringer so if you want to hang yourself
in jail I've been told you don't do it
with a dry noose you do with the wet one
so you can really get as small if he'd
hung himself with a wet wet cloth News
it would have been tighter and it would
have left a mark
closer to what you saw now we don't know
if we saw the actual noose that they
think was the one to kill them you know
maybe that's in evidence somewhere but
the point is it would have dried so they
would have seen a by the time they got
there the noose would have been dry and
it would look like it was a bigger claw
thing and you would have said how could
that create that but if it hadn't been
wet wet and twisted or something I don't
know exactly how they do it so and then
there was also remember the piece of
cloth from the high window if you were
going to murder somebody would you come
into the cell murder him and then put a
little piece of cloth tied to the top of
a window I don't think you would why
would you do that that would be sort of
a waste of time you might put him in a
noose and you know hang him from
something if you could but you wouldn't
put a little piece of cloth up there
would you so here's my guess of how he
killed himself
and we could find out this is not true I
have always said that he jumped off the
top bunk because every time you hear the
story of how he killed himself they act
like he tied it to the bottom of the bat
and then leaned forward on his knees or
something and I don't know that feels
like not the best way to kill yourself
but it also wouldn't break your bone but
where he had the thing tied was that a
high window that was higher than the top
of the bunk if I were going to kill
myself I would get on the top of the
bunk tie it to a little higher place and
I would jump off the bunk with my you
know knees up so that it caught me on
the way down now it might have
eventually you know broken the broken
the thing orbit or he might have tried
twice it's also possible he tried more
than once so we'll see anyway I've
concluded that it was suicide
and the multiple News's pretty much
that's all you need to know I think and
the fact that that bone can be broken by
suicide
the 60 Minutes also covered a way more
important story one of the most
important stories in the country at
least as important as Iran and that is
that mushrooms magic mushrooms you know
the psilocybin the psychedelic mushrooms
60 minutes is all in basically they
didn't have a criticism whatsoever
saying that psilocybin was something
that could cure addiction super and they
had stories of people who took one dose
one time of psilocybin and stopped
smoking somebody quit drinking and I'm
talking immediately like as soon as they
were done with the trip that was it they
were done with their addiction and other
addictions opioids and other things now
what's the biggest problem in society
right now the biggest problem in society
right now because most things are going
well and I think Iran will be limited in
scope as well the biggest problem in the
whole country is addiction I would say
addiction and anxiety those two things
psilocybin fixes both of them for about
two-thirds of people or something it's
got a really high success rate now I
knew about this a long time ago that one
of the people who you see in the show
I'd talk to him privately a long time
ago and so I I'd been up-to-date on this
maybe five years ago or whatever it was
but it's the most important thing in the
country and the fact that CBS is sort of
blessed it and apparently it was Nixon
who made all this stuff illegal you know
when he cracked down on drugs and a lot
of it persists as being illegal here's
the thing this is such a big issue
the addiction and anxiety and all that
and there is a cure and the only thing
that's keeping this country from curing
its biggest problems is the government
that's not that's not an exaggeration
and the government is preventing it
without a even an argument
there's not even a debate there's no two
sides to it
the science is unambiguously oh this
stuff helps not just helps we're not
talking about aspirin helps we're
talking about rewiring your brain
instantly I mean over the course of a
few hours instantly and the only thing
that's keeping something like a third of
the people in this country from getting
their biggest problem in their life
cured is that the government is
incompetent on this topic
other topics as well and I will go so
far as to say that if let's say Buddha
judge will just use him as an example if
Pete Buddha judge came out and said one
of my main things is I'm going to be
looking to legalize psilocybin to battle
addiction and some mental health things
that's such a big issue that if Peabody
judge said that I'd have a tough time
not supporting him for president I
really would
because frankly I think things you know
I think that Trump has fixed enough
stuff economy looks great you know we'll
we'll probably finish up our trade or
negotiations which everybody thinks was
worth doing at this point I got a
feeling that Trump would never do this I
can't imagine anti-drug Trump being Pro
psilocybin now if I had time to talk to
him about it or somebody who knew sat
him down and went through the whole
thing maybe I mean he's he's he's
intellectually flexible used to be a
Democrat now he's a Republican so I
think he could be convinced but I don't
think anybody's doing it and I'll think
it's gonna happen so if if somebody on
the Democrat side said they were going
to champion that cause and I thought
they could actually succeed at it you'd
have to look at them seriously as a
president because that's that's bigger
than any other issue
it's bigger than any other issue that
Trump hasn't already solved right you
know you don't have to resolve the same
things you've already solved and I'm
always a big proponent of you don't need
the same president forever because as
the problems change you need a different
you know a different employee for
different kinds of problems I think
Trump was kind of perfect for a certain
set of problems such as negotiating with
China maybe dealing with North Korea
I think he's gonna succeed in Iran but
it's too early to say but maybe the next
set of problems is different and maybe
maybe you need somebody else for that
just putting that out there it was
fascinating to listen to the people who
had had these mushroom experiences
describe them because you can't really
describe them I've told you before that
once in my twenties early twenties I had
one experience with psychedelic
mushrooms and as I've often said it was
the best day of my life I hate to say
that you know what it was and
fundamentally changed who I was who I am
I guess it forever changed the way I see
the world changed the way I process
everything changed the way I filter
everything and all for the good
there wasn't a not a single I can't even
come up with anything that would look
like a downside it was the most
impactful useful completely good thing
I've ever done now I don't recommend it
because if you take a bad batch or
there's something different about you
and you don't have medical supervision
it's a very bad idea to throw some yeah
especially if it's a piece of mushroom
how do you control the dose you know the
way I did it was I had some that was
from exactly the same bunch that some
other people had taken the night before
so at least I had the benefit of knowing
that they took this much the night
before from the same bag if we if I take
this much I'll be fine because they were
all fine and that's what happened now
one of the things that they describe is
losing your ego and there they all sort
of use that language they say under the
psychedelic experience your ego shatters
now I've called the ego death and I
don't know that there's any way to
explain that to someone who hasn't
experienced it as I have but I've often
said that the secret to success is ego
death and probably mushrooms are not the
you know psychedelics are not the only
way to accomplish that I I always
recommend that you put yourself in
embarrassing situations and maybe even
some minor dangerous ones because if you
can learn to think past protecting
yourself that's that's at least a little
bit similar to really say your ego but I
would put it this way you notice how we
all see the world through a filter of
ourselves you know when we're navigating
through the world everything starts with
us and then we interpret the world as
how it relates to us because we're
important and everything revolves around
us when you take mushrooms you lose that
so you lose the fact that the that the
preferred point of view of reality is
you rather you just see the stuff it's
just the stuff without you being
important now there's no way to explain
what that feels like but I can tell you
it changes everybody forever and it
allows them to get rid of anxiety allows
them to quit addictions allows them to
just sort of enjoy the world now if I
had to guess why this helps you with
anxiety and why it helps you with
addiction is that the biggest problem in
people's life is their ego your problem
is not the stuff around you it's how you
process it right and unless you have a
physical health problem or you desperate
poverty you know there are situations
that are real but beyond that if you
just have a normal life and a job and a
life and you still have anxiety or you
need you all you need to do drugs it's
because there's
something that is important to you they
need to feed and that thing that's
important to you is you your ego once
you lose that as important you can just
enjoy being because it's it's not you
you're trying to protect you're just
part of the whole and once you can enjoy
being part of the whole and you can let
your ego die your anxiety goes away so
too apparently does your need for drugs
and alcohol and cigarettes because
you've already satisfied those needs by
getting rid of your ego there's nothing
left to protect there's nothing to feed
there's nothing to drug there's nothing
to change it just isn't there so
somebody says there's no magic cure
 well it's you against science
so that's a that's a brave stand you're
taking against every single test every
single study I hope some of you saw on
my dr. Drew interview if not I tweeted
it last night so you can see it in his
feed dr. drew or mine so we had a long
conversation I think you'll like it did
I laugh a lot yeah there's it's sort of
nonstop humorous when you're when you're
loosening somebody says lol now do the
risks okay so the risks if based on 60
minutes is that some people had what
they call a bad trip but apparently
nobody had anything that lasted so as
far as we know the risks were zero based
on all science all experience anecdotal
all scientific as far as anybody can
tell the risks are zero and I don't know
if anything else is like that now you
have to assume that there must be
somebody in the world who would be worse
off because that would be true of
aspirin it would be true of eating
peanuts it would be true of a lot of
things so there's always somebody who's
allergic to something has a bad reaction
to something so if I told you that
there's nobody
the world who could ever have a negative
permanent experience with mushrooms I'd
be lying because seven billion people in
the world there must be at least one of
them who's wired in a way that one trip
might might break their brain all I know
is that I've never heard of it in my
entire life I've never heard of it
happening once with mushrooms other
things may be different all right
somebody said I've had a terrible trip
on mushrooms yeah so there are reports
of people who had bad trips on mushrooms
so that's the thing but there's no
lasting damage it's just a few hours you
wish you hadn't done it's not addictive
I did it once and like I said it was the
best experience of my life by far it's
not even close to a normal experience
and I've had no real no real impulse to
do it again you know I I do have some
interest in DMT and some other some
other things like that but I'd only do
that under the right supervision right
situations
I had one out of many good so oh there's
somebody here who has done it many times
and grows them at home
somebody said how do you know that
everyone is different how do I know what
I said everyone's different I said what
you said twice is better than once I
don't know I don't know if you need to
do it more than once to get the benefits
because I think the people who got the
benefits somebody says don't do DMT well
you know I don't recommend anything to
anybody so if you're not doing it with
medical supervision don't do it did you
have a chairman shaman present not what
I did it no it was just recreational
I've had
7050 on shrooms i don't know what that
means my cousin went full schizophrenic
it can trigger latent mental illness
well you know here's the thing I hear
lots of stories of people who took a
drug and it could be a different drug
I've heard it from marijuana to meth to
hallucinogens and I've even heard it
with inoculations vaccinations so there
are lots of stories of people who were
perfectly normal until they had
marijuana uh vaccinations LSD or meth or
whatever so there's plenty of stories of
that but because there are plenty of
people who were going from saying to
having an episode at the same time there
are plenty of people were trying drugs
for the first time or just doing drugs
again you should have lots of false
negatives in other words in the normal
course of just people doing what they're
doing there should be lots of
coincidental examples where somebody
took a drug and then soon after they had
a mental problem now some of it may be
caused and then there may be others that
are just coincidence so I don't know
that I don't know how much is caused and
how much is coincidence and all that
stuff
yeah I'm not sure I totally buy the the
idea that people did not already have
mental illness that would not have come
out on its own why do we have to do
anything
can't we just learn to problem-solve
nope probably not meditation and prayer
seem much healthier well depending on
your problem you can't meditate and pray
away your addiction in one day but you
can take psilocybin change your life
make you happier and smarter and get rid
of an addiction in one day so if you
could do that with praise I would
definitely recommend the praise but you
can't
much drug uses self-medication yeah all
right
nothing else for me today we'll talk to
you all later