[Music]
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
honestly you've never had a better time
in your life so stick with me it's going
to be good today a lot going on if you'd
like to take this experience up to
levels that no human being can
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains all you need for that is a cuper
marar a glass a tanker chelse sign a
canteen sugar flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dop of me here
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous 7 happens now
go oh oh my god well you probably know
we're going to talk about the the uh
pull out by uh Joe Biden from the
race uh but first I need to tell you
that if you are subscribing to the
Dilbert comic which you can only get on
the xplatform or on locals at Scot
adams. locals.com you would know that
Dilbert's
company uh who we just found out makes
some kind of security software has
crashed the entire
internet and now Dilbert has to figure
out what to do about that that's right
so if he thought crowd strike was having
a bad week well they just made it into
Dilbert so congratulations guys so uh
that's only for
subscribers all right so here's the big
news uh Biden has decided to pull out of
the
campaign or has
he or or has
he that's right people For Your
Entertainment and possibly your
education we are going to go into full
recreational conspiracy theory mode is
everybody up for that all right just so
you know the the spirit of it we're not
going to assume any of it's true because
we don't know exactly what's true but
we're going to have a hell of a good
time with it well we're going to I'm
going to embrace all the
conspiracies most of them will
debunked but I like
them everybody's up for this right
you're up for the conspiracies because
the conspiracies might turn out to be
100% true they might we just don't know
that's what makes it fun Shall We
Begin I would like to begin with just a
little bit of a history lesson going
back to January 18th
2020 here's where I I made a prediction
that turned out 100 % wrong so I'd like
to confess my terrible terrible
prediction now it's only wrong because
of the
date if I'd said it more recently it'd
be correct but here's what I said when
Biden was running for the 2020 election
and this is before he had selected a
running mate or actually yeah I think
just before he had and I said that this
was going to happen now remember this is
not talking about the current situation
this is talking about the last
election that's the context and what you
should be looking here for here is could
I tell then in
2020 was it obvious to me that Biden
wasn't going to make
it I said on 2020 I said step one that K
haris would become a perfect compliment
to the Biden ticket step two Biden picks
Harris as a running mate step three
Biden shows his age on the campaign
Trail step four the weaponized press
persuades the Dems to put their to put
her at the top of the ticket before
election day uh either literally or in
kind now that didn't happen instead
Biden and conell Harris just ran for
office and
won some
say
and however it was accurate this year so
kamla was the vice president uh Biden
showed his age and the the media of
course is surrounding putting her on the
top of the ticket so if you say nobody
could have seen this coming you have to
explain why I saw it coming and why did
I say it in public I mean I said it in
public that's it's a pretty bold thing
to do for something that's crazy no it
was obvious that he was falling apart in
2020 so it's also obvious at this point
that there had been a huge cover up for
years so let's get to the fun part so if
you haven't heard the story just quickly
U there was a letter that came out
allegedly signed by Biden that said he
was pulling out of the campaign but he
would stay president he didn't say why
he was pulling out of the campaign
didn't mention Health didn't mention
anything else just said you know it'd be
better in some way and uh
apparently the White House AIDS learned
of it by reading it on X although they
were told by memo look on X and you'll
you'll see it and that seemed a little
suspicious and people said huh I wonder
I wonder why he didn't do it in person
but then you say to yourself oh oh he's
got the co so he might not be able to
speak well or might not be able to
present too well so I understand special
case in any other situation you would
certain certainly you would certainly
expect there to be a national you know
some kind of national uh address but
given that he's known to be having covid
and that he's stopping because of his
health probably um you know you say Okay
I I could see why you do it by a
letter but some people said you know
that doesn't look like official
stationer but then I said to myself well
you know he's not at the White House you
could easily see why you know maybe
nobody brought any official stationary
to his beach house so I'm like n that
doesn't mean that much there's not an
official stationary and then somebody
said why didn't they at least take a
photograph of him signing it to which I
say again well he might be just in his
pajamas and you know with his hair
messed up and you know looking terrible
so you don't want to have a picture of
him looking like a you know like a corbs
you know signing the thing so I thought
okay that it makes sense that we don't
have a
photograph and
then there seems to be no schedule of
when we're going to see
him which seems suspicious but I said to
myself well but again they don't know
when he's going to recover and they
haven't quite made plans there's a lot
things in motion you can see why we
don't yet know his schedule but maybe we
will later all perfectly perfectly
reasonable and then somebody
said why haven't we heard anything from
him and why hasn't anybody else heard
from
him such as let's say a phone call to I
don't know somebody who's a Democrat
who's
important a private phone call to maybe
a reporter a friendly reporter it seems
that there's
no signs of life
does that seem a little little
suspicious and then we've got Elon Musk
who mentioned that he said that the
people in the know have known that Biden
was going to uh known that he was going
to resign and even the hour he was going
to do it the day and the
hour now how could they know that a week
ahead of time even before he had the co
huh well now that's a little suspicious
isn't it
well it could be that just maybe Sunday
is an obvious time and you know people
were just guessing the obvious time it
would happen and then it happened in the
obvious time so it's not really much of
anything except the obvious happened in
the obvious time maybe
maybe but um I would like to suggest
unless you can find somebody who beat
me that uh I don't know did anybody
notice that it took me a long time to
respond when the news dropped cuz people
were contact me and saying where are you
where are you why haven't you weighed in
yet and I'll tell you my first reaction
was there's something wrong with
this that was my first reaction
something wrong with
this why is it a
letter a letter I know seemed
unusual and so I went to X and I just
posted I'm paraphrasing
I wonder if he'll wake up from his nap
and realize that he resigned so in other
words my first thought was that he was
not aware he had
resigned I don't think anybody said it
before I did it was my first thought now
why was that my first
thought because I'm now trained to
believe that 100% of any important news
about politics is
fake 100% if you're not quite there you
probably had a few moments where you
said oh Biden has decided to resign from
the race because that's what they
said maybe your first reaction should be
whatever they say is not true because it
never is it never is why would this be
the first thing that was ever
true what are the odds that this is the
first time they decided to be honest I
mean I guess sometimes things go their
way so they can just be honest about it
but it's not your best
bad so then I watched and it didn't take
long little bit of time goes by and next
thing you know other people are saying
hey shouldn't we have seen by now some
signs that Biden's actually awake and
coherent and made a conscious decision
about this some way you there probably a
hundred ways it could happen for example
suppose Jill Biden went public and said
you know Joe is not feeling good today
but I can tell you that he was in good
spirits he was completely alert sharp as
attack in fact sharp as attack and that
uh that's when he made the decision he'd
been considering it a while
now but I don't see chill now I could
understand why Hunter doesn't do it
because you know Hunter's hunter but it
seems like they could have figured out
some way to show us that it was a real
decision by a real person who's still
aware and
awake and yet that hasn't happened yet
can somebody give me a fact check it
hasn't happened since I started the show
has it because it could happen while I'm
talking to you I mean that would be the
normal thing I'd expect if everything
was fine that's what I'd
expect but then a number of people
started thinking along the lines I was
thinking and uh that includes uh let's
see President uh or maybe future
president Trump uh he said it's a new
day this is what he said this morning
it's a new day and Joe Biden doesn't
remember quitting the race
yesterday Babylon B says Biden wakes up
from nap asks if he missed anything now
these are today but already you know an
hour after ID posted that he might be
napping and not be aware of it that
became the major dominant conspiracy
theory
now let's just analyze how practical
that would be how practical would it be
for the bad people to say he resigned
when he hadn't actually resigned and and
therefore force it to happen in a very
awkward way well let's look at how
difficult it would be to get him to do
something he didn't know he was
doing uh you could simply wait until he
has a bad evening because we understand
he has periods of extreme confusion
and also periods of where he sharp as
attack so all they'd have to do is wait
until he was really bad and uh I I'll
give you my impression I did last night
on the man cave right here's here's a
conversation and by the way if you've
never had any elderly parents or you've
never experienced what people like you
when they reach this stage of uh
cognitive behavior it would look a
little like this Joe Joe
uh I think it's time I think it's time
you sign this document and it's time to
It's Time to Let It Go and then Joe says
ahh yeah that's right Joe and so we've
written this up for you and all you need
to do is sign
it
ah what yeah here here's here's the
pen uh no hold it hold it hold it all
right and uh we just need you to sign
this Joe it's you
resigning what but you sign it
what no no put your hand down on it just
sign
[Music]
it and you're
done how hard would that be it would be
really easy because if it's true that he
has periods where he doesn't know where
he is doesn't remember isn't quite
coherent you just put the pen in his
hand put it there and tell him it was a
good idea that's all it Tak
now suppose he didn't have a period in
which he was that bad how hard would it
be to give him a period that was that
bad real easy because presumably he has
meds that make him feel better during
the day probably different meds that
help him sleep at night all they'd have
to do is cut the dose on the meds or
just not give it to him the doctors
could say you know we normally give you
this med that makes you awake and alert
during the day but because of your Co
we're going to change things up a little
bit and then he doesn't have a good
moment and then there's no way he can he
can't argue because he simply isn't
medicated to have any good
moments how hard would it be to change
his meds or give him new ones it would
be
easy how how hard would it be to isolate
him from Jill and Hunter until the deed
is
done that would be hard do you know what
you would have to do to isolate him from
his own
wife well you might have to say he has
Co
right you might and that and that would
be enough to make sure they didn't sleep
together and then you just make sure
that uh the wife and Hunter are asleep
at some point because they've got to
take naps too right they're not they're
not super people they got to take naps
they got to go to sleep so you wait for
them to be sleep you take it in you get
the signature they wake up and they say
what the hell just happened and then you
say talk to Joe he just
resigned and then Jill goes crazy and
mad and Hunter goes crazy in man this is
all if you're just joining we're doing
uh recreational conspiracy theories so
I'm not I'm not claiming any of this is
true we're just having fun with it based
on what it looks like so then you
imagine that the family goes crazy when
they find out what happened but by then
it's already relased by then it's in the
news now what are you going to do if
you're the
family do you say no everybody I need to
tell you what really happened Joe was
incoherent when he signed the document
can they do that can they tell you that
Joe Biden who is currently the president
of the United States in charge of the
nuclear
Triad can they tell you I just have to
tell you the truth he was incoherent
when he signed the document resigning
from the
campaign no they cannot do that because
that would be a confession that they've
known all along that he was incompetent
you know nobody's going to believe it
just happened that day and that they
were
lying so they would be trapped and then
the machine would start churning forward
the news would instantly Embrace kamla
and by the way there was a second
document that D comma but not a document
uh was a post on X and uh so there are
two things that we know could come from
other sources not necessarily Biden
himself and then the machine starts
cranking and Obama weighs in and says ah
yes we've got to run you know run a
little quick primary thing the uh
Clinton's weigh in and they're backing
here and the and the entire
machine changes the funding the funding
changes immediately and goes to Kamala
Everything Changes now it's way too late
the machine is in motion you can't stop
the machine so nyi simply had to create
a situation where the machine would
start operating and then you can't pull
back the machine it's going to run some
kind of convention thing and Biden won't
have control on that
so I think it's entirely possible
that he was not aware that he resigned
from the
campaign now the the natural uh next
part of that is um everybody's saying
hey he should be 25th
amendment um and taken out because why
can he be president if he can't campaign
obviously he's not capable being being
president I think staying
president was nothing but allowing the
family to adjust in other words
if he had resigned from the
presidency there would be too many
questions too
fast that would be way too much of a
reach and and the family would be
immediately put on the
street is you know I mean basically
they'd have to move out of the White
House I guess and that would be a
gigantic
impractical problem and it might also
cause them to be
honest I I could imagine easily that
Jill Biden if hypothetically she learned
that a trick had been played to get him
to resign even though he didn't know it
that she would feel really really mad
about that but might just eat it and
just stay quiet because presumably there
were also some carrots not just sticks
but if they had said you have to quit
the
presidency
today I think Jill Biden would have said
I don't care what you've done so far I'm
going to tell the world that that didn't
happen he's still president that would
be a problem but suppose he he does a
fake quit from the
campaign all the gears of the machine
show that everything's moved on and it's
a fate to compete and there's no way
back at that point he only has to wait a
few weeks and then
resign because nobody thinks he's going
to be president again and nobody cares
about the next few months I mean that's
material so he could just wait a few
weeks and resign so I think that his
resignation as president is just a given
and I think that they might do it to
boost kamal's chances I don't think
they'll do it until she has the
nomination I think that's important
because you wouldn't want a situation
where somebody else somehow got
nominated and then she became the
sitting
president like before the election that
that would be a problem because then
nobody would be happy with it they'd be
like she's a sitting president how do
you how do you skip the sitting
president
so I think it's a guarantee that the
Democrats did plan that the cats on the
Roof oh you know just the cats on the
roof he's he's really just it's only the
campaign he's stopping oh not the
presidency that did you think it was a
presidency no no it's just the campaign
the cats on the roof
it looks like the cat fell off the roof
well well still alive well we better
take it to the
vat and then later the cat dies so I
think we're in the cats on the roof
version of of a of Biden dropping out of
being president and then I think that
they'll they'll do that primarily
because it makes K Harris the first uh
black U female
president and they'll want to have that
as part of her campaign it's like my God
you can't just remove the first black
female president after being president
only two
months so that's what I expect but
everything could change the moment Biden
wakes up and
talks every minute he doesn't wake up
and talk the entire right part of the
country believes that this is all a
anti-democratic
unamerican plot from the inside to gain
power
despite any Democratic process and
that's where we are um here's what I
would look for to find out if
this conspiracy theory is true watch for
and by the way here's the larger context
but one of the things that's happened
since the last several years and I
talked about this before is that the
political right specifically the prot
Trump or at least the Trump um
acceptable uh groups have become
insanely good at understanding and
explaining the process if you want to
see an example of that um look in my
feed you'll find a uh you'll find a a
description by uh B sasan describing all
of the anti-democratic things that that
Democrats have done it's a pretty long
list it's like the BLM riots were
apparently coordinated by the top that
none of that was organic those were
coordinated riots to make to make it
look like there was too much chaos chaos
under Trump so that was basically
exactly what it looked like uh there was
you know you all remember the 51
intelligence officials who lied about
the laptop that was basically a coup
yeah we remember the Whitmer kidnapping
in which the feds showed that they will
create fake Crimes by being the ones who
drive them and just make sure some
conservatives are part of it so they can
get them too we saw the Biden primary
handled in a non-democratic way
essentially other people couldn't run
and now we're watching them game it
again so that's twice gaming the system
that was supposed to have some kind of a
democratic element to it and now doesn't
it's gone you remember the Russia
collusion hoax you remember the fine
people hoax you remember the January 6
uh I'm going to call that
hoax The hoax part is that it was a
attempt to take over the country which
it was obviously the opposite it was an
attempt to make sure the country had not
been taken over that was what it was but
the news said the opposite and sold it
hard in fact if any Democrat it's
unlikely but if any Democrat is watching
this you're saying are you
kidding no that was obviously an
Insurrection attempt uh the president
tried to stay in office if you believe
that you were deeply hypnotized nothing
like that happened I promise you nothing
like that happened the news hasn't been
real for a long time and if you still
believe the news you're going to be
really confused about what happens in
the next few
weeks everybody who thinks the news was
ever
honest you you got some big surprises
coming news has not been
real since I don't know when at least
for the you know the big political
stuff and then of course we saw the uh
the impeachment of hoaxes we saw the
lawfare trying to end Trump these are
all anti-democratic in the biggest way
we saw the Secret Service failure to
protect Trump again we say huh that
seems like a
conveniently conveniently well-planned
failure of security doesn't it that
almost got the the candidate
killed um we know that the Democrats
wanted to end the Electoral College and
we know they wanted to pack the Supreme
Court and we know that the Democrats
like to use projection to cover their
crimes in other words if they can accuse
you of the crime they're doing right in
front of you it blinds other Democrats
to what they're doing it doesn't blind
Republicans it only works on their own
team but they could murder somebody and
then say Trump's a murderer and then
make all of the news talk about Trump
being a murderer even if he's not and
people will just not notice that the
Democrats just murdered somebody
hypothetically all right
um so Trump is going to need to destroy
their argument about stealing the
Democracy see I I think all they have
left is he's in it for himself he's
stealing your
democracy and he's got bad character or
something that's all they have left
imagine having your entire campaign
unrelated to what he did the first term
and unrelated
to his current policies oh and then they
they're also doing the um that project
25 hoax where Trump says these are not
my policies and they say they are your
policies now the truth is that there are
people who were associated with his
regime who would love those to be his
policies but they're trying to convince
him and he's not convinced but nobody
wants to report that honestly so on the
right you know people act like no it's
just not his plan it's not but I think
it is worth saying that people used to
work with him put it together and would
like it to be his plan I think that
should be
stated so I I think Trump is a little
overplaying it by saying I don't know
what's in here and that I think he
should just be a little bit more honest
well no he he did say the last time that
he knows some of the people I would go a
little I would Embrace a little harder I
would say yeah there's some people who
worked with me very well-meaning people
who have some ideas that I promise you
I'm not in favor of if you've got some
specific things you're concerned about
in that project 25 thing just ask me and
I'll tell you my view and we'll compare
it to that view which which I consider
too extreme for where the country is and
really doesn't match my own preferences
either so definitely not going to be
doing the most extreme things that you
see in that document um but it is true
that there are some Republicans who'd
like to see that stuff I just don't
think any of that's likely or practical
or or useful at at the moment now I
think that would be honest
enough so I I think there's a strong
argument against that all right here's
the other
conspiracy recreational conspiracy
theories I'm not entirely sure that the
Obama power of Center and the Democrats
and the Clinton power of Center and the
Democrats are on the same page because
Obama said uh he didn't endorse kamla
and he said that there should be a
process to pick her now other people say
oh there'll be a process but the process
will be so gamed that nobody else is can
to get picked it will simply be a way to
coronate her and make it look like it
was a little bit Democratic so there
probably will be a
process that will be so obviously biased
in her favor that it's like it didn't
happen uh and the biggest problem of
course is that she's the only one who
can spend that to $140 million in the
campaign now if you think that doesn't
matter of course it
matters I I don't think there's anything
else that matters really if one of them
has the money and the other doesn't well
I think it's going to go that
way anyway but it is possible that Obama
and the clintons both would want some
candidate who's their more perfect
candidate someone who would definitely
do what Obama wants might be
might be different from the person who
would do whatever clintons want now
here's a connection between the clintons
and uh Harris I remember at one point uh
Harris's staff was mostly ex Hillary
Clinton people meaning that they had a
close connection at least through their
you know intim medaries I suspect that
the clintons feel that they have some
control over KL Harris beyond that now
that you know that umaa abedine is going
to marry Alex Soros and let me just say
out loud as far as I can tell from
looking of photos of Alex Soros he is
and has been gay for a long time that's
what the photos would suggest I mean not
suggest it's it's super obvious and
again this is not if you're new to this
this is not a c it's not any kind of
comment about somebody's lifestyle I
love the gays I love the lgbtq community
but sometimes you need to point out just
factual things about it so that's all
I'm doing so uh I think that his alleged
marriage to Uma abedine has more to do
with a connection to the clintons giving
clintons control over the Soros for
Fortune through Uma abedine and her
control over Alex Soros who looks like
maybe he's not the brightest guy and
then maybe they knew he needed a Handler
so uh then Alex Soros immediately said
uh he endorses Harris so I'm seeing the
Soros Clinton machine looking to
consolidate power and maybe take that
power from the Obama Power Center so
Obama might be saying his the last of
his power taken away now you want to get
even better because remember we're doing
recreational conspiracy theories one
possibility is that Obama is going to
uncover the whole
thing because if Obama has some feelings
and some of them might actually be just
what's good for the country right it's
easy for us to imagine you know if you
if you've been in the political fight
too long it's easy to imagine Obama's
just a thoroughly bad guy and he only
wants what Obama wants and it's just for
Democrats Etc but I could easily
imagine uh Obama being a human being and
an
American I know right
what if he's a human being and and what
if he's an American and what if he's an
American first because he's been
president if you go through being
president it's hard not to be America
first after you're done with that so
what if he's watching this and he's
saying to himself
um if they game this you know this
instant uh contest that K will be in and
it's clear that they're just installing
their person and it looks like Hillary
Clinton has
controlled the Soros money and it looks
like she's going to control the
candidate Obama might say this is too
far even for me and he might actually
sell out the entire Democrat plan and
say here's the deal you went too far
this this is no longer the Democracy
that I was president
of so whether or not it becomes Obama I
think there's a very high likelihood
there's going to be a whistleblower at a
high level could be you know a staffer
could be consultant of some kind but I'm
expecting a
whistleblower and if that whistleblower
turns out to be Obama or somebody he
authorizes which could be even more
clever perhaps
um we may be at the
beginning of how exciting this is going
to get we might be just at the beginning
that to imagine that this is the
exciting part and it's going to calm
down well that might be optimistic we we
we might rip the lid off this whole
thing and I think one of the keys will
be how soon it takes Biden to surface
and say oh yeah I I was in my full
thinking mode when I did that
now the New York Times had one very very
short and quick article in which one
person seemed to know that the inside
story is that Biden had been considering
resigning for days had talked to his
advisers on Saturday and made it sound
like a very well organized planned
inevitable
outcome but it was very short it lacked
a lot of detail happened kind of
quickly and it was in the New York Times
and nobody else could get that story
does that sound like a real story to you
not to me
no that sounds like exactly the kind of
fake stories that we've been watching
for years in which they need a cover so
they need one trustable Outlet to say
that this happened the way the way the
Democrats say they just needed one but
it had to be the New York Times because
if anybody else said it it would have
looked a little
sketchy so everything depends on what
Biden says and does and especially what
Jill
says and
does if Jill
Biden comes out of this with something
that looks like
peace as in she's come to peace with a
decision it might have been
real it might have been real if Jill
Biden completely goes off the uh um
let's say the public track and you don't
hear anything from her for a
month it wasn't
real cuz remember if if she was part of
the decision and she would have to be
she would have to be agreeing with the
decision or Biden wouldn't do it if she
was part of the decision she would be at
peace she wouldn't like it nobody would
like it but she would be at peace and
when she talks about it you would see it
you know it was a very difficult
decision uh things turned faster than we
hoped when we looked at it objectively
had some time away the more we thought
about it the more we thought you know
maybe it's time may maybe the people who
are advising Us are right maybe we need
to do what's good for the country if she
says that and she says it
tomorrow it might have been
real I look for that not to
happen I think that she knows she got
gamed and I think she's going to have to
go quiet because if she doesn't go quiet
there going to be big trouble big
trouble so
so let's see then Harris um who has
apparently good advisors at this point
because you know the best advisors would
end up with her of course um she has
named six of her potential Rivals as
possible running
mates all right uh as uh Jen uh weager
said that's
brilliant
strategically that's brilliant because
instead of just saying I'm one of six
people who you might consider to be your
nominee she immediately reframes her
competitors as potential vice presidents
in the names of oh yeah we got this guy
Shapiro we got this other person and
then you you automatically think that
they're vice president
material so that's smart that's way
smarter than K Harris which means that
the smartest people on the Democrat side
are now in her Camp because that's
really that's actually extra smart that
that's that's an
IQ kind of thing we haven't seen her do
I've I've not seen her do one thing that
smart ever but here it is as soon as she
has the best high-end
advisors she pulls a play that if if
Trump had done this I would spend half
an hour telling you how smart it was
that that's how good it is that's good
stuff right we'll see how much other
good stuff she
has all right uh as BR Hume pointed out
in Fox
News it would be hard for anybody to
oppose her because of the you know the
Dei aspect he doesn't use that word but
let me just say what BR Hume said
um um she says
uh what does Brett
say it basically says that nobody's
going to be able to just replace her
because you have to you'd be skipping
the black woman and nobody can come out
and say no
it's not time for the black woman
somebody more capable should do it so
he's he's being a
realist um so I posted this on X today
because I thought this sums up what Mark
cubin has been talking about um I'll
just read it to you because I took some
time to put it in perfect words I said
this is what Mark Cuban allegedly does
not understand about
Dei it's a system design
problem and then I want on said
Democrats had the entire United States
as their pool of applicants for VP they
picked perhaps the worst candidate in
the history of
candidates this outcome is not because
of anyone's genes or culture or race or
gender the outcome is because systemic
racism and my example is public school
failure Etc has limited the pool of
qualified applicants for this specific
high-end job right for this specific
high-end job there's just a small
pool but Dei thinking requires picking a
diverse candidate you can debate
requires you know you could say well
it's not
required but I would say if you live in
the real world you know how this goes
every time no it's not
required but it's
required it's
required and uh now the smart observers
like BR Hume are agreeing There's no
practical way to skip over the de ivp at
this point now for those of you who are
new to me um I have to give this
clarification um I like having diversity
in government and business I think the
country is stronger when we have
reasonable diversity in both government
and business it just it's better for
everything now all other things being
equal it's better to have diversity but
you've got to fix it at the childhood
level otherwise you get this situation
the childhood level means why is the
school system so bad for black
Americans you know it has to do with
income Etc but got to fix
that you got to fix that so if we uh if
we were
honest Brokers of the country we'd say
yes we like diversity here's how we're
going to fix it we're going to work like
mad to make sure that childhood
education is good everybody sees the
same opportunities everybody has the
same you know path toward those
opportunities but you got to fix it at
the childhood level when you try to fix
it at the time somebody's
59 you get
this it it's just an unreasonable
approach to a system that's broken you
have to fix the system and then you'll
get maybe your supply and your demand
for diversity will start to be equal and
then you don't have this problem what
would would I be talking about this if
Biden had looked into this vast pool of
potential applicants and say God there's
so many I'll just pick the best one then
I look at him and go oh that's pretty
good that looks pretty good no I
wouldn't be having this
conversation
yeah all right Nicole Shanahan um as you
know VP for RFK
Jr VP candidate um she says this whole
process of picking kamla is corrupt and
unamerican and it true threat to
American democracy and she points out
how that $240 million can only go to
kamla so there's nothing like a real
contest that's going to happen so it's
not like RFK Jr is suddenly in the
mix it's not like Dan Goldman suddenly
has a good shot at the top those are not
true nothing like that's happening it's
just the money is going to go to kamla
because there's so much money and nobody
else can get it so she's Dei she has all
the money she's endorsed by the
clintons we're kind of done here and
then of course the media has just
immediately acted like she's the
nominee all right the talking points
that the Democrats are
using I don't know if you've had this
experience but when you see somebody on
CNN who you think is a reasonable smart
independent thinker and then they repeat
nothing but the talking point like the
exact talking point don't you lose all
respect for him yeah I I think a number
of times I've said in public that one of
my favorite commentators on CNN is fared
Zak
Zakaria and I think he's a brilliant guy
and I've Loved a lot of his shows and a
lot of his reframes and the way he looks
at things very very smart very clever
and
then he he post today a
that
uh about Biden giving up power he says
uh that history being made a rare
political leader who gave up
power so the the talking point is that
he is a brave and wonderful leader
because like George Washington he gave
up power nothing like that happened who
who believes he gave up power if
anything it had to be had to be ripped
from him at a great fight now we all
know that we all know he didn't give up
power nobody thinks that if he was a
person who gave up power he would have
done it before he ran for office because
all the conditions were obvious then he
is the opposite of running for power so
let me just say this fared Zakaria
you're a you're just a
 because you have the
ability to understand the situation you
have the ability to be honest you could
say this for what it is we all see it
and for you to embrace the talking point
on this is disgusting I mean it's it's
almost revolting I I hate being a
citizen in the same country with
you right now and not you specifically
but everybody's going to repeat that
talking point you know it's not true it
disgusts me to watch you do it it
disgusts me now I get that bull sides do
the talking point thing right of course
bull both sides you know but it does
seem
different here's my observation when
people on the right uh conform on a
message even if I don't agree with it it
always looks like it started with
somebody and other people said oh I like
that uh that sounded right I'll say that
it never is
coordinated now if anybody wants to
disapprove me I I would actually be
fascinated by that if I could be
debunked on this but I don't believe the
Republicans give out talking points I
believe that Republicans have developed
such a a fine let's say uh group of
commentators that they wake up in the
morning and they see what people say and
then they say that makes sense I think
I'll say that too that's completely
different than getting a memo that tells
you what to say and I think that
literally literally happens on the
Democrat side and when I see all these
 little ducks uh just say
whatever they're told I lose all respect
for them intellectually as as a citizen
as a human being I lose all respect now
and and it's different you know when
when the uh Republicans are doing it you
know conforming on some kind of a
message then it just looks like they
decided what message works and they they
latched on to the one that looks most
effective how many of you have noticed
that when I reframe things in the
morning because I'm one of the first
shows in the morning how many of you
have noticed that sometimes the
Republican message looks a lot like what
I said in the morning does anybody
notice that it's not a
coincidence it's because every now and
then I'll I'll hit a good reframe and
then other people will say yeah that was
pretty good so I'll use that too that's
all it is there there's nobody talking
to me who says Scott when you do the
show make sure you say it this way never
not once don't you think somebody would
reach down to me at least once to say
you know you better say it this way
because this is the way we're all going
not once not once and I don't believe
I've ever heard any Republican or any
pundit ever say anything like that has
happened and i' I know so many by now I
would know about that so it's really
really different on the Republican side
there's something like a collective
intelligence operation ating meaning
that we we operate like one big brain
now uh give me give you the example if
you weren't quite sure how to understand
this stealing of democracy stuff well
there's a b shavasan giving you a very
clear and very succinct explanation of
where you're at and how to look at it
with no politics at all just describing
things that are well documented no no
conspiracy theor is needed just stuff
that's real when you look at uh you know
Elon Musk saying this was known a week
ago that's not politics that's
information coming from a smart credible
person when you see Mike cernovich say
I'm not so sure that Biden was aware of
what he did you say to yourself whoa
this isn't an ordinary person this is
somebody who's been right about a lot of
stuff for a long time
and then you say all right I'm going to
take that seriously doesn't we don't
know it's true but we're going to take
it seriously because serious people are
taking it seriously so you're seeing
something wonderful happening you're
watching the the Republican
constellation the the entire uh
collected
intelligence um standing up and you're
seeing them no longer afraid because we
used to be a little bit afraid of what
what we could say not not everybody but
some were and now nobody's afraid and
people know who to trust who are you g
to look to I'll tell you who I'm going
to check out today I'm G to check out
whatever Glenn Greenwald says why
because he has a long history of being
really really right about stuff like
this who am i g to look at Michael
shellenberger I'm going to look at what
he says and how he frames this why
because he's freaking brilliant and he's
good at this and he's he's showed us he
can do it in a way that just takes us to
another level of understanding on a
bunch of topics right so um I would
guess that my traffic today is probably
some kind of a record traffic because
some number of people are doing the same
thing right now you're saying I better
find out what Scott says not the only
person of course but you're going to
find out what I say you're going to
compare it to what you hear later from
your most capable other voices
and you're going to see that most of us
of course there's always a political
spin this time of year but you're going
to see that most of us are talking about
this objectively meaning we're just
going to say what's true and what's not
true and what to suspect what not to
suspect we're going to describe to you
how the system works we're going to give
you context and you're going to see this
show unfold like you've never seen any
show unfold before because we know all
the tricks now we've documented all the
h oaes we know about all the you know
everything from the 51 Intel people to
the Russia collusion hoax the fine
people hoax the drinking bleach hoax we
know we live in a hoax ocracy we know
how they do it we know which members of
the press are captured we know that when
we hear them we'll know exactly what's
going
on and that's different people so the
biggest untold story is that the
collective intelligence of
Republicans has gone through the
roof do you think it's meaningless that
the all-in Pod hosts are well I guess at
least two out of four are clearly Pro
Trump it's a big deal when I told you
that uh andrees and
Horowitz turned Pro Trump and I said you
might not know that world but this is
not a small deal you know what the big
deal is how smart they are and the fact
that everybody knows how smart they are
there's no there's no question when you
talk about andrees and Horowitz real
real smart right Bill Amman real smart
Jamie Diamond not pro Trump but says hey
let's be honest a few things he got
right smart guy right so when you add uh
you know Elon mus to the mix and you add
number of other people to the mix the
collect and add JD Vance especially uh
you add uh V Romas Swami the collective
IQ of the influential Republican people
is through the roof right now
and if you don't think that makes a
difference buckle
up because whatever the uh Democrats
thought that were their advantages they
are grossly underestimating the
collective intell Ence of the other team
because they can't see it yet but boy
they're going
to all right uh as uh Bonino points out
uh it's not a selfless act for uh Biden
to drop out because he's uh he knew he
was going to
lose of course it's
it's even if you assume that Biden was
aware that he quit it's not
selfless it's it's the opposite of
selfless he knew he couldn't do it knew
he couldn't win so dropping out saves
you the loss it's the opposite of
selfless it's not even close to being
selfless and of course uh immediately
the argument on the left is gone from
well age doesn't matter to Trump's too
old which we knew would happen instantly
because we knew they were lying the
whole time before about Biden's age not
making that much
difference but here's something you
didn't know maybe have you ever noticed
that on MSNBC and sometimes CNN they
have what I call the fake um
historians it's it's one thing to have
fake news fake pundits but they even
have fake history now and by fake
history I don't mean they necessarily
make up the history I mean that they
choose the history and they frame it in
a way that is pure
propaganda now what bothers me the most
is they're faces and I'm not going to
name names but the next time you see a
historian on CNN or MSNBC look at the
look at the up
smile they can't get the smile off their
face because they know they're not
talking about Real History they're
they're just being propagandist they
have these faces
like well let me tell you I can't even
get this I can't even get this smile off
my face well let me tell you this is
really historically speaking proof that
Trump is obviously
Hitler and if they could at least say it
with a straight face it wouldn't
be so obvious that they're there as fake
historians right now the real historians
it's just they're there for propaganda
that's the fake
part well nval rabant has weighed in and
again if you're not familiar with that
world you know the the tech world and
the the Personalities in the tech World
here's what you most need to know
Nal is famously
non-political so if he says anything
that even intersects a little bit with
the political realm uh he is what
probably the most credible smart person
in all of Silicon Valley um well known I
mean really well known for being
brilliant basically and he said this on
X this morning uh it's the battle of the
masculine men and The Feminine women
versus the masculine women and The
Feminine
men and we're
done that's what it is yeah it's the uh
Republicans are masculine men with women
who like masculine men and you know
respond with the the complement of that
which is
femininity against feminine women
against I'm sorry masculine
women and and uh the men who are too
weak to argue with them
basically and that is what's happening
now here's where this gets
interesting I saw somebody say that the
black vote was going to automatically go
to Democrats because of kamla assuming
assuming kamla is the nominee and the
argument was that Obama got 97% and it
wasn't because of his policies it was
because he was black she's black it's
going to be the same same thing so all
those gains that you thought that Trump
pulled off of the uh the Democrats are
just going to be turned around and
applied to
kamla do you think
that is that what you think it's gonna
happen it might by the way it might
happen I would say there's a reasonably
good chance that's exactly what will
happen
but if you take a look at the naval
reframe and you say to yourself
it feels like the masculine men against
some other
Force how do the black
men feel about
kamla I don't know but I'd be I'm real
interested if there's some kind of
survey coming up that would be
fascinating so I don't know I don't
think that I have the uh I don't have
the understanding of the black community
sufficient that can call this one this
one's going to be fun fun and
intellectually fascinating to find out
how the the black Americans line up on
this because let me say as you know
loudly and clearly as possible if you're
a black man Republicans want
you they want you bad and you know I
told you the story yesterday about the
young black man I think he's a Tik Tok
influencer who kept saying um I keep
looking for the all the the white
supremacy but every time I talk to
somebody in a magah hat they seem nice
to me why is everybody so kind and
friendly when they're supposed to be
having exactly the opposite I'm
told I feel like black American men just
woke the
up now it would be easy to get ahead of
it and you know maybe imagine it's
happened because I saw some anecdotes
and you know saw like a little sliver of
something that looked like that so I
don't think that's
confirmed but things can change quickly
and it would not be hard for me to
imagine that especially after Trump's uh
you know the the fight that Trump put up
if you're a black man and you can't
relate at all to
Trump at this
point I'd be
surprised because even though um you
know races are our first and often
dominant filter on stuff unfortunately
experience is
stronger would you agree if if you let's
say you uh went to war and one of your
you know soldiers who was your in your
Foxhole was black and you were white and
you survive the war and you both you
know you help each other and you save
each other's lives and you know you go
through the war and you make it out how
are you going to feel about each other
well you're not going to be thinking
much about the black stuff are you
you're going to think you're the guy who
was in the fox hall with me we fought
the enemy you saved my life I saved your
life you're going to think about the
experience and the and what you relate
to the experience I think
Trump uh and I'm going to say it you
know I realize that people are going to
get their get their feelings hurt by
this but I do believe that the lawfare
against Trump probably registers with
black men who say I feel like the legal
system doesn't like me either which
would be reasonable that would be a
completely reasonable you know
Association and then I think the
attempted
murder probably generates all kinds of
feelings about the relative safety of
being a black man in America and not
trusting the people with authority to
not Sho
you so I've got a feeling that as much
as the Democrats want to say oh you
racist how can you believe that black
Americans are going to like Trump more
because he he has a mug shot and because
he got shot at well it's because of
decades and Decades of
indoctrination that says those things
should be at the top of your
mind if if black man had been trained
for you know 50 years to think about
their educational
attainment then they wouldn't be
relating to Trump at all they'd say well
nobody's trying to shoot me and you know
I I didn't break any laws why would I
relate to that but if you live in a
world where you think that the system is
trying to get you and maybe it is and
you think that the police might be more
likely to shoot you and then you see him
get you know
shot I I don't know how you can't
associate with that and I I think color
Falls away when when you when danger is
there because fear is the bigger filter
than race right fear is the bigger
filter than Race by
far and so that that stimulates the fear
response in people who people who can
maybe have something in their life that
relates to
it all
right
um so the the old way of thinking was
pretending that Biden was sharp as
attack when everybody could see that he
wasn't and now we've KN we've moved to
the new mode which is pretending that
Kam haros isn't a
drunk now given that I predicted Biden's
decline in 2019 and
20 and you know nailed it because you
could see it early I'm going to make the
following claim I don't believe
everybody's good at reading
people and you know maybe I have my
problems with that too but there's
definitely a big difference in how well
people can read other
people I think I'm pretty good at it and
to me the way she acts when she gets all
giggly and somewhat incoherent in public
that doesn't look to me like somebody
who's a bad public
speaker that looks drunk and I'd be
interested I asked the the locals people
before we got on I was talking to them
privately but let me ask the rest of you
I want to see in the comments how many
of you would say that it seems obvious
to you that at least some of her public
appearances were
alcohol affected how many think that
they've seen her drunk in public I'd
love to see how many people would agree
with that on on locals it was probably
80% agreed that to them they look that
she looks drunk in
public uh yeah there's some question
about whether she's natural born but I'm
not going to get into that I think that
that's
not that's not a use full
path there's no way that that's going to
hold all right I'm just looking at your
comments and the locals people are
pretty much saying yes it looks drunk to
her now are we going to just do this
again because there's nobody on there's
probably nobody on the um Republican
side who could say that out
loud because I don't have any
proof I I can't prove it here's what we
do know she is apparently a
uh what would be the word a wine
hobbyist so she's somebody who knows
about wine cares about
wine enjoys
wine now there would be nothing wrong
with that in the you know history of
presidents right there lots of
presidents enjoy a glass of wine
but here's my personal observation it's
very rare to meet somebody who's a wine
hobbyist who's not an
alcoholic they may be fun
she looks she looks functional
but they're they have a wine hobby so
they can open a bottle of wine every day
and they can get together with their
other wine hobbyist friends and they can
all open wine every day now if you've
never noticed that the wine hobbyists
are really just running a cover for
their alcoholism usually functional
alcoholism um then you're not really
noticing very well
right she is a wine hobbyist if the only
thing you knew was that she's a wine
hobbyist that's an 80% chance that she's
a functional
alcoholic now functional means that she
can show up for work it doesn't mean
she's going to be good at
it because we've seen her speak in
public and it didn't look good to me but
she showed up and she said things and
people clapped so it's
functional but are we really really
going to go through another campaign
where the people who are important in
this country are just going to say yeah
I don't see anything I don't notice
anything yeah now others have said it's
not alcohol it's you know something
else maybe but I would put a pretty high
bet on it being alcohol because she's a
wine hobbyist and probably has lunch
before she gives a
speech all right the fine people h has
returned um and the three Horsemen of
defeating it will rise again uh Steve
Cortez Joel poock and I will have to get
back in the fight to make sure everybody
knows the fine people hoax is one of the
greatest hoaxes ever pulled on the
American people Snopes has already
debunked it uh Mike Pence debunked it
during his debate with Kam Harris it's
debunked uh but we'll have to fight that
again the Millennial says or was some
rapid uh poll that said onethird of
Democrats wish Trump had been killed by
the would be assassin's
bullet uh does that sound true do you
think one-third of Democrats wish that
Trump had been
assassinated I say yes that sounds true
if not
low my my real belief is that onethird
were willing to say it out loud but at
least onethird believed is really
Hiller right so should you be surprised
that people who had been brainwashed
into thinking you s her would be maybe
glad if he got killed wouldn't be
surprising at all now
um let me just say that if I heard
someday and I hope this doesn't happen
and I'm opposed to any kind of violence
so no violence no violence no violence
I'm just going to say I understand these
Democrats
here's
why if I heard someday that somebody had
been jailed in the January 6th thing and
when they got out they bought a
high-powered rifle and killed Biden I
would first of all say that's just the
worst thing that's the worst thing but I
would also completely understand
it that's all I'm going to say about
that I I don't want any violence it's a
bad idea it's bad for everybody it's bad
for the country it's bad for the person
who does it it's bad for the person who
gets K there's no good from it but i'
certainly understand it because if you
put me in jail and you knew it was no
reason for it I'd want to kill you when
I got out I wouldn't do it because it'd
be crazy but i' sure want to and I'd
understand if anybody else wanted to as
well don't do it by the way don't do
it all
right
so here here's uh I'm going to I'm going
to end on uh a few points that go into
the category I call everything Democrats
knew is wrong so now Democrats are
finding out that their selection for
president that they had been told was
perfectly sharp as attack was in fact so
declined that you know he's gone now now
do you think that they learned to say to
themselves wait a minute wait a
minute if if they lied to us about that
is it possible they've lied to us about
other big things so here are a few
things that
maybe they might find out now this is
remember the context of today's live
stream is recreational conspiracy
theories so there's nothing I said today
that's not within the recreational mode
I don't know how true any of it is I I
just have no way to know but it sure is
fun to talk about and all of it is
within the realm of possible based on
things we know have happened but let me
give you another example uh there's an
account on X called mad
liberals who has been doing this uh
analysis let's see if this works uh
analysis of the 2020 election in Fulton
County and I don't have this skill to
analyze this so I can't tell if this is
like a really good point or it's missing
in some way
but I post it because I'd love to get
somebody smart to look at it and I can't
explain it entirely but it it's
something like this um if you do an
analysis you can determine somehow uh
that um he was able to show how and
where the original ballots were used to
create the double counted ballots so the
idea is that original ballots Were
Somehow
used to create fake ballots and that the
evidence is clear and
obvious it's public and all you have to
do is look at what connects to what and
you can see it clearly now I do not make
the claim that that's true I make the
claim that somebody looks a lot smarter
than me did a lot of work and is showing
the work and the work comes from public
sources of the data us and so nothing's
made up and I believe there's nothing
hidden because if you know the data is
public you can check and the analysis is
just you know clearly shown with
literally with lines you know this line
connects to this so you can see it's the
same and multiple examples now I just
want to hear somebody else's opinion on
it because I don't have a way to to
judge that but as you know uh I do
believe that it's unlikely our elections
have ever been fair for a long time it's
possible I think it's just really
unlikely because we live in a system
where everything that can be rigged has
been
rigged I don't know how many times you
have to see another example where
everything that can be rigged has been
in fact rigged uh so it'd be quite an
amazing thing if that was the one
example we also learned today breit bar
news is reporting that uh the FBI broke
into the uh Trump attacker's phone uh
using some technology from Israel called
celebrate and once they had that
technology even though they had an
unhappy able uh Samsung Android phone it
took about 40 minutes to unload
everything in it that's right if you
believed there was such a thing as
private
information well you need to lose that
there is nothing that they can't get
into nothing they can't get into now I'm
a little surprised that uh the FBI had
to go to Israel to get that software cuz
they didn't already have that software
it's for
sale they they didn't already have a
copy they they had to just go get it for
this one this one situation are you
telling me that the FBI has never had a
reason to get into an Android phone
recently I there everything about this
story is a little suspicious but the
scary thing is nothing's ever been
private for a long time
probably and then here's here's a here's
a story that just blows my mind it's
from the
telegraph but there's a uh study that's
it's very small and I wouldn't say this
is true yet but here's the claim and I
just want to say this because it's fun
to think
about autism can be
reversed
apparently that there there was a study
with some twins where they used a a
series of um series of interventions so
it wasn't one pill or one thing it was I
think there were lifestyle things uh
educational changes stimulation changes
uh maybe something with nutrition but
the collective effect of it was
to almost eliminate autism in
individuals now again it's not a big
study so it's way too early to say it
works but is this
possible is it possible that we'll
figure out how unwind autism and that
maybe that just
dropped I I would I would vote against
it meaning that you know if I had to bet
I'd say well this is probably like most
of the news stories that turn out not to
be true but because I want it to be true
and because we're doing recreational
conspiracy theories
recreationally I'm going to think it's
possible because I feel good when I
think that
and then lastly uh the uh NOAA the
National Organization of atmospheric
something you know the official body
that is measuring temperatures and stuff
says that the USA heat waves were much
hotter in the
past that's it basically the official
word is you know you think that climate
change is real because of our heat waves
right nope they were worse in the past
when CO2 was lower but at least it's
true that the Great Coral Reef is
getting bleached by all the climate
warming so there what oh no it turns out
that was all wrong in the last three
years the Great Coral Reef has greatly
increased and improved doesn't make
sense because the world keeps getting
warmer right uh but at least you know we
still have all the uh the Hurricanes um
the Hurricanes being much worse than
what oh it turns out the Hurricanes
aren't any worse than they used to be
but they're a lot more fre okay they're
not more frequent and they're not
worse but you all know that the sea
level has RIS okay the sea level hasn't
risen but a lot of ice has
been about the
same but at least you know the heat is
just destroying all the okay The
Greenery is higher than it's ever been
and deserts are
disappearing so but I'm POS positive
there's some evidence for this climate
change stuff I I'm sure of it I just
haven't seen
any but at least you know they can
measure the temperature of the earth
accurately
because well let me let me give my best
argument we know they're measuring the
temperature of the earth accurately
because of how important it is am I
right when something is that important
it's like an existential threat to the
entire planet you're going to put your
best people on it and they're going to
make sure that there's no like areas of
incompetence or you know no
miscommunications it's going to be the
top crack experts and they're going to
get that right thank goodness in fact if
you were to compare it you if I if I
were to compare it to something it' be
like what else would be vitally
important like life and death important
to the whole nation if not the
world uh oh here's an example the Secret
Service so the Secret Service would be
you know handpicked professionals who
are the best of the best doing the most
important job in the
world which is protecting a presidential
candidate and since we know that the
Secret
Service is just amazingly efficient and
effective and they don't really leave
even any holes there's there's no gaps
in their in their work so since we know
that when it matters that much and you
put your best people on it you do get
excellent excellent results as as they
did in you know with President Trump oh
oh what oh oh
wait oh the new news is that they had
three different communication channels
for the three entities so they couldn't
talk to each other okay that's not
perfect that's really the dumbest thing
you could do and but at least it was all
their
best oh it wasn't their best people
because the best people had to go to the
NATO and take care of Jill so they had
sort of standin stand but at least the
standin were fully
trained maybe not fully trained okay but
at least you had all the roofs covered
in the most basic thing that
you okay maybe maybe there's a little
miscommunication about the
roofs but at least this is the important
part as soon as the bad stuff happened
at least the investigators and the
government were completely transparent
they told us what they knew when they
knew and we immediately knew what oh
it's the opposite of that it looks like
they're covering up and lying and they
lied about the slope of the roof
mattering and basically everything they
told us is a lie
but
hey those those climate change
temperatures have been accurately
measured for
decades ladies and gentlemen we live in
a crazy crazy world I have not seen in
the comments anybody saying yet that
Biden has emerged can I do a quick check
has anything happened in the last
hour has uh as Biden emerged have we any
signs of life because a lot of people
are saying literally if were a
kidnapping we would not believe he's
still
alive and by the
way it's literally possible he's
deceased it is literally possible he's
deceased that's not my assumption but
remember we're doing recreational
conspiracy theories today so you might
as well take it to the next level it's
entirely possible he's already deceased
and they may have needed to make it look
like he was turning it over and uh you
know and endorsing kamla and uh but they
they needed to get him out of
office or maybe it just happened on its
own it's also possible they killed
them let let me be uh blunt about it it
looks to me like JFK was killed by
government
operatives it looks to me so that was in
my
lifetime so if we believe believe that
government operatives can kill the
president and we have the situation
where killing the president would be the
really the smartest thing they could do
if they could get away with it and
you've got a president who's surrounded
by handpicked
doctors how are is it for a doctor to
give the wrong injection and then
another doctor to do the uh do the
autopsy and say nope died of old age
demena got him that that Co was a little
more than we thought
they may have already literally murdered
him that is within the realm of what
we've observed in America I don't think
it's likely because there' be too many
you know too many people would know
about it it's just within the realm
amazingly it's within the realm of
possible so we're going to have to watch
to find out what happens if I had to
bet I think it's a coin
flip so i' would say there's a 50%
chance that Biden was reasonably
competent and awake when he signed it he
just doesn't want to talk to people and
there's nothing really
suspicious the other 50% is it's
everything that we theorize as a
conspiracy it's at least a 50% chance
that the worst case scenario just
happened at least a 50 now I don't mean
50% chance they murdered him but a 50%
chance that he
was uh let's say abused while he was not
thinking clearly I think that's at least
50% chance or maybe even just faked his
signature that's possible too all right
ladies and
gentlemen that's what I've got for today
there's going to be a lot of news on
this we'll go watch it hope you enjoyed
the show I'm going to say a few words
privately to the locals people who are
subscribers but I'm going to say goodbye
to YouTube and Rumble and X thanks for
joining
all right we'll
be
e
e
e
e e