[Music]
just kidding those were not real birds
no no not real birds those are me and
that's not that's not even my best
impression yes I can do an impression of
birds at a distance as heard through a
window from a second-story and it goes
like this
it's like you're there isn't that kind
of incredible
well yes I will be breaking out my Joe
Biden impression and I will be taking
some questions but I'm a little bit
running a little bit hot in here so
we're gonna turn down the lights in the
studio and watch this as if by magic
I'll start to get better-looking it's
not a big difference it's sort of an
illusion you don't realize it's just
getting darker you think I'm getting
more handsome quite quite a magic trick
I know it is I know it is it's
oppressive yeah that's what I thought
too
what'll be captain nobody's ever said
that sentence before I always laugh when
I see a sentence that I can imagine you
know whether it's true or not that I can
imagine no one had ever spoken before or
written before in the history of all
spoken language and I would I will put
into that category
swoggle me captain there's a funny
sentence all right so what do we got
going on here the funniest thing
happening is that because President
Trump
seem to have pivoted in his preferences
from you know maybe wanting to go back
to work a little bit early to listening
to the experts taking their counsel and
then going hard in the other direction
compatible with the experts what does
that leave seeing them to criticize what
do they have left because they have to
be against the president that's their
entire reason for existence you know
their audience expects it
you know they built a brand around that
but what do they do when the president
suddenly pivots to completely taking the
advice of the most you know eminent
experts and it also happens to agree
with what all of the CNN people probably
have been saying so easy it just
completely took all of their their
material away and as I've said before
you never you never pay a political
price well I shouldn't say never there's
probably some exception but it would be
unusual to pay a political price for
being too aggressive against a threat
but you could easily imagine and it
would be obviously would pay a price if
people perceived you didn't do it enough
so the safer thing to do is always do
whatever is perceived as you know the
big the big bush not the little place
but here this is even funnier and by the
way I didn't catch this play until later
now I'm not gonna say the Trump thought
this all the way through is the way I'm
gonna describe it it could be just luck
you know we're instinct or you know it
could be anything so you can put your
own interpretation about how intentional
this was but but the first part of the
context is you know these been going
after see it out pretty hard and CNN of
course going after him so the president
is singled amount and the press
conferences and really tried to shame
them for not being on the side of the
country base basically
and then as I said they just took away
most of his material because the country
seems to be sort of supportive of the
president more so than usual and sort of
liking his tougher stand on things and I
so they've got nothing to criticize but
here's the play that I didn't catch it
till today you may have noticed that I'm
in a somewhat brilliant let's say
programming decisions CNN has Chris
Cuomo regularly if not every day unless
you were an interview his brother the
governor of New York Andrew Cuomo now
I'm sure you know obviously C then
could've assigned someone else to talk
to Andrew Cuomo every time and they
probably sometimes do but isn't it
better I mean just for watching bility
you have to admit you know if you're the
producers you know whoever's idea it was
maybe maybe it was Chris Cuomo side here
but it was a great idea
because you sort of expect that they
wouldn't do it and then because they do
it's so much more interesting frankly so
so in terms of producing and that
decision I just I kind of really love it
because whenever I see them on there I'm
watching that
because the brother dynamic just makes
it just way more interesting yeah
especially because they're both
operating at such a high level you know
one's the governor ones you know
primetime on CNN so and they've got this
little edge to them that they don't hide
that much like obviously they love each
other but they still have this little
brother edge that just makes a really
good TV anyway knowing that let me get
back to my point this all this all fits
into the points so the president
yesterday throws out this thing this
idea that maybe these masks are being
stolen in New York City which of course
of course what does that cause to happen
well now that if the President of the
United States makes any kind of an
accusation it doesn't matter if it's
true or false it's the news right it
literally doesn't matter what the
president accuses who of doing what
doesn't matter if it's true doesn't
matter if it's ridiculous
it's headline news that you just can't
change that it's the news so the
president turns this this allegation
that maybe there's some kind of criminal
sketchy behavior going on in New York in
the in the Andrew Cuomo State and this
causes kind of a requirement that his
brother Chris Chris Cuomo has to add ask
his brother Andrew Cuomo what's up with
this alleged corruption well if you
didn't see that comment and again I'm
not gonna say that the president thought
it all the way through to that you know
the logical conclusion that it would
make the brothers have this tense
exchange because you know Chris Cuomo
still has to do his job right I mean he
you know everybody expects he's gonna go
a little soft of his brother and I don't
think anybody cares about that frankly
right cuz you know Andrew Cuomo seems to
be doing a great job yeah it doesn't
really need to get beaten up so I don't
think anybody minds they Chris Cuomo is
you know pushing a little bit but not
too hard
it's his brother and there's no real
reason to push but the president just
loves this little this little grenade
over the fence and when I first saw it
it's like well you know I it was
provocative and I thought well it's
probably worth look at it too and he
tells the media to look into it which
again is Chris Cuomo who has to ask his
brother if his state is corrupt and then
and then I drew and this is the best
part the the answer to it Andrew Cuomo
was answer was
I'm not going to say he was lying I'll
just say he answered in the style of a
liar which I thought to myself was
really because here's what not a liar
would say and he can't I'm gonna say he
was lying I can't read his mind I'm just
saying that there's a pattern that Liars
use and I'll tell you what it is
so if he had not been lying and somebody
asked him that question and you're the
governor you probably wouldn't know the
answer right I mean unless you had
already looked into it which you
probably hadn't so so the right answer
is you know I I don't know about that
honestly but I'll ask around
we'll look into it or we've already
looked into it and and I think we're
just using a lot of masks or it's the
way they counted them probably you know
I know I don't think it's what you think
it's probably just the way they
inventory time but let me look into it
I'll get back to you that's what I would
say if I were the governor and I didn't
know what was going on he probably
doesn't now suppose he did know what was
going on and he knew that they were
being stolen but maybe he did or maybe
he didn't know who was responsible but
he didn't want to get into it like it
was sort of a distraction you know how
would you answer that so here's what he
acted like he didn't know what the
president meant you know he said well
you know I don't don't know what he
meant like that but if he has an
accusation he should say it directly and
I thought to myself I think that was
pretty direct now the president didn't
say he knew who was taking masks if
there weren't any taken because he was a
maybe he said it was worth looking into
but the other thing the the President
did was he didn't take credit for the
idea he said you know I was just talking
to somebody who's like an expert and and
he said to me and then I just suggested
it to the press and the next thing you
know the Cuomo's are on TV and they'll
have to answer to that it was just
freaking hilarious right
would you like to see my Joe Biden
impressions that I've been working on
it's my Joe Biden depression nose like
this
yeah you think yeah that's right
and somebody asked me a question ask me
questions in the comments and I'll I'll
be Joe Biden will answer now you might
say to yourself Scott can you you know
can you see the questions and it doesn't
matter really because here's my answer
what what you have to understand is you
know with if the strategy going forward
you can't you can't be on you know what
I'm saying before so and this is
important and and the president doesn't
understand that if you're doing the
thing what I'm saying is you know I
think you know the so and so and then
strategy take that to the bank Jack now
that's my Joe Biden impression I think I
nailed it it's version 1.0 give me a
break
my very first time and I don't know what
would Democrats be saying if they did
not have the handy excuse of the crisis
to hide their candidate most of the time
I mean the little bit he's on TV from
his little you know underground bunker
well the fact that Joe Biden is in a is
it a room that's like a bunker under his
house I favorite everything about it is
wrong he's literally like he's like a
guy in his basement and you know
President Trump is out there trying to
you know save the entire country from
from you know maybe hundreds of
thousands of deaths you know possibly
millions and Joe Biden's hiding in his
basement
in the bunker laughs if you couldn't
have a bigger contrast all right I
believe this is the path to the end of
this so this is what I'm kind of piecing
together from what I'm saying so if you
look at the trends of things it seems
that there's a lot of action to get the
hydroxychloroquine into you know into
the approved systems so that people can
start getting it tremendous amount of
action in terms of getting pills
manufacturing etc and then also a
tremendous amount of energy into getting
new faster cheaper tests so that you can
start testing massive numbers of people
so I think those two things are step one
to keep people from dying so if you can
do massive testing and you know we'll
probably go from you know a million to a
ten million you know I think we're gonna
ramp it up like crazy because we have to
so if we get those two things let's say
that hydroxychloroquine is plentiful
enough that people get it as soon as
they have symptoms and then we also test
so we know for sure who's got it who
doesn't those two things would probably
in the optimist case that the case that
the the pills actually work with the
devices etc so the optimist case is that
the deaths plunge or at least get down
to the level where we don't run out of
ventilators so that would be the
near-term lots and lots of tests and
when I say near-term that's still two
weeks away because you could probably
get pills into most people who need it
in two weeks given how hard I imagine
they're pushing to do that yeah then I
think there's this middle ground between
just keeping people alive which is what
that would do
and getting to vaccinations that's
pretty long wait and who knows if the
vaccinations really works right so we
don't want to have to wait like nine
months waiting for the vaccination and
that's where I'm guessing and this is
just me sort of putting together
the pieces of the news that I hear so
binding by no means no authoritative
voice here but it seems like the the
getting us to the vaccinations
vaccination stage might have a lot to do
with a convalescent serum so I'm seeing
as phase one the hydroxychloroquine
azithromycin zinc and and just massively
ramping up testing as much as our
American ingenuity can can get it done
this phase one keep us alive Phase two
you got to build that immunity and you
don't want to wait all the way until
there's a vaccination so that's where
this kind of lesson serum thing might
work taking the blood and taking out the
good parts the antibodies from people
who have already recovered and all the
smart people say that it should work at
least a little bit
now I haven't heard anybody trying to
put a number on it like would this stop
X amount of whatever but it seems like
everybody says this is such a
historically tried-and-true method that
there's no reason to think it wouldn't
work and then there's that wild card
that somebody smarter will have to
answer which is can it be reproduced in
a lab or do you have to take blood out
of real people which would be I know I
seem harder maybe it's easier
somebody says couldn't we make enough
Trump pills or not well here's the thing
here's the thing you know I've been
complaining that the task force and and
Pence in particular cannot be said to be
managing the crisis until they're also
measuring this the critical things like
how much supply is and blah blah now
they are doing it looks like a good job
of measuring things such as a number of
ICU beds we're seeing that and we're
saying you know deaths and how many
people have and how many recovered so
the basic statistics probably in the
ballpark are pretty good or as best we
can get them but wouldn't you want to
know how many
ventilators we need and how many we have
in our MIDI or in the pipeline and etc
for all the you know the gloves and the
masks and stuff so so I've been saying
that since we don't know that
pence is not really managing it because
if you're not measuring what you have
and what you need you're just flailing
you're not managing anything but
yesterday and today it was reinforced
today that pence has ordered the all the
hospitals to report so I don't know how
long that takes but that was of course
the right move
add this to the things you want to ask
later about why that took so long
you know because you have to ask
yourself really why did we just have to
ask the hospitals to report to some
central depository you know feels like
that should have been a little closer
today one kind of thing but maybe there
wasn't any place to report to until they
build something so anyway the we don't
need to rehash the past they're doing
the right thing now and I think it I'd
rather focus on that here's a an idea
we've got all these hotels that are
empty and looks like they're gonna be
empty for a long time couldn't we use
those hotels given that everybody else
to be locked down anyway could we use
those hotels for addiction treatment Oh
hold on hold on now keep in mind the
first of all that the hotels can't sell
those rooms for any normal reason but
suppose you only allowed people in who
were tested so you know you nobody even
gets into the hotel unless they've
tested so that might require a few more
tests to be available but it might be a
good time to get clean because what else
you got to do you know rather than
sitting around at your own house which
is all the temptations in the world
suppose you could just go to the Ritz
and and the Ritz says you know I
we'll make it you know $25 a night
whatever or or nothing or the government
pays it or something
but the point is those rooms are just
sort of sitting there you're probably at
least have to pay for the maid service
and the you know the laundry and stuff
but and and of course you wouldn't want
to fill them you know you might want to
make sure there's a lot of space and
they still do some social distancing
when they meet but they could just be
meeting in the bar rooms and getting
strange so I don't think this will you
know come to fruition but when will you
ever have another time when the hotels
are empty and you could actually take a
gigantic bite and of addiction because
people didn't have anything else to do
you know I'm just gonna put it out there
that I'm not saying it's a good idea I'm
just saying if we don't consider it when
else are we gonna have situations like
this you know at least put it in the
hopper put it in the hopper and think
about it if you did not watch
Tucker or Carlson talking about the
government lying to us about the
effectiveness of masks that was tonight
if you recorded it that you don't miss
it it's really good because when Tucker
is accusing stupid Liars of being stupid
Liars nobody does that better than him
because he's got that he's got that
disgusted face that just pairs perfectly
with that attitude it's like you're
lying to us how stupid do you think we
are you must be the stupid one if you
think we're that stupid that's the most
obvious lie in the world of course
password you know that's my version now
his version but that was a minor
masterpiece watching that was really
entertaining and uh and he was pretty
brutal which is called for
I think this situation brutality was
called for
I've made a ruling yes I have I've made
a ruling I think it takes some questions
in a few minutes I made a ruling as the
creator of Dilbert I have endowed with
certain powers obviously and among those
powers as the creator of the Dilbert
comic strip I'm I'm authorized to
determine dress codes in the workplace
you probably thought that companies get
to determine that on their own but no
since the 90s that's been delegated to
me I I'm sort of like a well I like a
cabinet member so I make the decisions
about the dress codes and then the
companies act like it was their decision
but basically it's me so I've been
noticing a really bad fashion mistake
I'm watching the TV news CNN Fox and
you'll see the the house who would
normally be in the studio are
broadcasting from home but they're
wearing suits in their their own like
hallways and living rooms and stuff and
it looks so out of place so here's my
ruling as the creator of Dilbert I rule
that the proper dress code if you are a
TV broadcast personality and you're
broadcasting from your own home on skype
the dress code is pajama casual that's
right pajama casual now what that means
is like me the bottom half is already
for bed or perhaps got up not that long
ago the top half casual did I sleep in
this wait a minute is this the top I
slept in or is it just a casual shirt
that I was wearing you don't know that
my friends pajama casual
so that's my ruling if you're on your on
cable TV news no suits if you're
broadcasting on skype from your home
it's pajama casual I've ruled let's take
some questions who would like to ask a
question who oh that's too clever using
my own book as your icon how clever can
you be I gotta tell a story about that
in a minute
very clever using my book as your icon
do you have a question hello
can you talk about anti-aging a little
bit I heard the other day that you
mentioned that they figured out how to
reverse the aging of a cell and I fought
go ahead say hey go ahead finish finish
your question um
I follow the work of David Sinclair in
Boston he's a PhD researcher at Harvard
and he's working on rejuvenating retina
cells and optic nerve cells which is
really interesting to me because I have
visual impairment and problems with my
retina and optic nerve so that's why I
am hopeful about it but he also works on
anti aging so yeah so I would not claim
to know much of anything about that
except that you know I think ever since
I was a kid there have been periodic
articles maybe once a month about some
scientists who figured out how to
reverse aging and I was 50 years ago and
they're still not reversing much aging
if you know what I mean you know it's at
one point it was a was it through
resistor for all or whatever it is the
stuff that's in wine right and wrong yes
exactly
that isn't that exactly what I said
raspberry yes salt erects okay I think I
nailed it
and you know at one point they I've seen
so many of these studies so the point is
that doesn't mean that the modern ones
are also as bogus as everyone the
there's been every month for 50 years
because you have to figure we're
probably getting closer to it you know
like if we're not there yet we're
certainly closer to being able to do it
than we ever have been I would imagine
but here's the thing I've been saying
forever that if I could stay healthy
enough long enough that even in my
lifetime they probably are going to
figure out how to do exactly that you
know how to had a stem cell you you know
back to some better state and fix your
eyes and give me the needs of a teenager
and stuff and it does feel like you know
I I could hang on for another 20 years I
think so if there's anything left of me
you know short of full um you know Joe
Biden situation probably they could
probably do stem cell me back to back to
my 50s maybe another good day we'll say
well years away now so you'll be right
there Scott we need you we need your
wisdom so well seize that or I'm going
directly into a computer to live forever
yeah my other plans all right thanks for
the question
thank you Scott alright let's go to
Steve Steve Steve
are you there do you have the questions
Vantage of the United States canceling
admission of K n95 face mass in the time
of a crisis they just did that on the
28th and that's the most abundantly
supplied face mask in the world wait I
don't know anything about that story so
the government canceled it's an order or
cancelled what what they can't support
you can't import K n95 face masks any
longer you know I don't know that but
you know all that sort of story falls
into the category of things where if if
on first glance it's absurd it's
probably because there's something
that's left out of the story so there
there might be you know some extenuating
circumstances it just has that
one of those stories that if you'd heard
the full story maybe you'd feel
differently because certainly who can
imagine why that would be I I can't
think of any reason okay I did that much
to add to that but thanks
I let's see what else we get I am NOT
value-added every time I think Raphael
needs a needs to ask a question Raphael
Raphael are you there do you have the
questions de mystic because of your
predicted death count is small when I
hear dr. Burks speaking and she says
under the best situation under the best
conditions a hundred thousand to two
hundred thousand are gonna die how do I
explain that you asked exactly and
wouldn't you like me to explain it in a
way that makes you feel good again
because those darn experts getting those
all wound up well here are the things
you should consider number one nobody
predicts the unpredictable but but I did
right so that's the first difference so
the doctors are looking at what they
know and they're saying based on what we
know it should be somewhere in this
neighborhood this and and I don't have
to do that I can say you know we've seen
so many surprises just in the past week
things you didn't know that humans could
figure out and do you know all the
different meds that look like they could
work the discoveries we'll probably be
doing serum and testing and we got the
test down to 15 minutes I mean really
just miracles of innovation in one week
so what are the odds that were done
innovating so that this is how I predict
things what are the odds that this was
the week well we didn't have any other
ideas we just got to the end of that
week and yeah we'd done a lot of good
ones so that's what it is what we got
that's what we got more likely
newer better ideas are coming and and
our ability to go from zero to let's say
making a million tests is probably the
hard parts my guess is if you go from
zero to a million going from million to
ten million
you know you figure it out basically you
just get more of these machines and you
know line up here and do what these guys
are doing so it seems to me that we will
just do very nonlinear nonlinear and
explosively interesting things and I
also think that there's a good chance
that the hydroxychloroquine will be
effective if you take an early so so I'm
betting that the unexpected is
guaranteed a rational scientist and
somebody whose job is to speak to the
public can't say what I just said
because it sounds crazy even though it's
right because we you should certainly
expect the unexpected that's like the
easiest thing to predict but you can't
say that if you're in their job you know
what are they gonna say well I think
it'll be 17 people but I don't know how
something unexpected might happen right
so they have to just like go with the
odds and bound it but they also have
this other responsibility which is to
manage your psychology you know that
they're not they're not blind to that
that's a key part of their job is to get
you to do what you need to do but short
of just flipping out and that that's a
good fine balance and I feel that part
of my job is to catch the people who
fell through the net and it would flip
out you know or we're already willing to
do what they need it to do and maybe it
may be you're one of them it's like I'm
gonna do what you tell me to do you know
socially isolating I'll wash my hands
I'll do all the things but I also don't
want to like die of stress so I feel
like I can I can provide a service there
because you should not expect that the
doctors are really giving you the lowest
bound
that's possible they should give you the
lowest bound that will still scare you
quite a bit and they did if they had
done if they had said what I said they
should be fired but I can say it right
because I'm not the doctor nobody's
gonna take me too seriously and and I'm
literally predicting the unpredictable
which this they'll be surprises things
will go better than you think we'll get
smarter faster that sort of thing and I
actually feel I'll tell you if you had
to bet and and by the way my low count
is a net and that counts the fact that
we might almost certainly save a whole
bunch of lives just because we're not on
the highways and doing dangerous sports
and stuff too much so you have to net
that out because that counts that's part
of the decision when we decided to shut
things down everybody knew that that
would save lives that's that has to be
part of the variables so if you throw
that in I think you're going to be
closer to my number than 200,000 that's
my feeling but and and I have to admit
if there were more people who watched
this periscope I wouldn't say this in
public for the same reason that the
professionals don't because they're
trying to manage you know a lot the
whole country and they need you to be a
little bit too scared that's sort of the
sweet spot is a little bit too scared so
you're really gonna do something not
just maybe do it but really gonna do
something but with this smallish
audience of smarter people I have the
freedom to say yeah I don't think so you
know now everybody has to leave the door
open that nobody's good at predicting
anything it happens now you think it
happened but I'm gonna hold with my
prediction at the moment let's say we've
lost our caller let's see if we can get
another
terry is a commie let's try that Gary do
you have a question hi
how much hope over the
hydroxychloroquine and I'm the public
health nurse I talked to you the other
night about the homeless shelter pop-up
but I just wanted to to inform you guys
about I inquired with a dear friend of
mine that's a hospitalist Eric she's one
of the most respected ones at our local
hospital the concern with that one is
though is anybody with a cardiac
arrhythmia which is kind of common in
folks of older AIDS cannot take that she
treated a lot of people for many years
in Africa in fact she grew up in Africa
she's incredible doctor but anyways yeah
can cause sudden death so there are
other antivirals coming down that the
line that's very hopeful but yeah here
in like central California I'm going to
say it is well great no really now they
these pills are routinely already
prescribed for the you know the
rheumatoid arthritis and Larry itself so
it's the same question right if they
were prescribed to those people and they
had the heart condition it would be as
deadly but but clearly that's within the
acceptable risk so that probably won't
slow us down too much I would guess I
mean given the now given the size of the
alternative risk that seems like a
pretty small Lea lupus is the other
thing yeah and especially with the
younger folks although I mean you know a
few years ago I had to have a cardiac
ablation I don't start start to lose
your sense signal a little bit is that
Wow
that is good to know and you new
patients you should know that as well so
you know what to ask all right thank you
thanks for that all right let's see you
else we got
let's go to Mikey Mikey the monkey all
right Mikey no that's not monkey that's
a choo-choo Chewbacca Chewbacca do you
have a question for me want our
companies to know that we're engineers
and scientists and talking to under
personal people so don't discount that
the other thing I wondered is there was
a article on Twitter that people we're
off work now but and it's about
sterilizing the masts and it's about
using microwaves not the microwave oven
which destroys the mast but higher
frequency by a 10 gigahertz 12 and they
can actually it was a paper from Taiwan
at 2015 by a research university and I
just wondered if you've seen that
because it actually talks in there about
being amplify realize the air because
the levels are lower than the I Triple E
SAR levels you know the specific
absorption rate stuff so they're safe
but it pops the virus it resonates that
the water dipoles at those higher
frequencies much like your microwave
oven at this but at much lower power I
was wondering if I can get that paper to
you to pessimism buddy
sir so say again I think we had a little
connection problem what is it that's
popping the virus it was at UC or was it
microwaves I its microwave so it so we
can penetrate things and it can
penetrate other things that you can't
but it's at a fair frequency and lower
much much much lower power than your
microwave oven ah so that you could I
wonder if that's the technology that the
the mask sterilizing machines use
because apparently there are some
industrial masks sterilizing machines
that are going into use right now I want
wonder what they use by right you do you
send it to me you know we'll see if I'll
try I just hadn't be done the linkedin
connect connect okay I'll pass that
along all right thanks all right let's
see who else we got here start to Paul
Paul Paul hey Paul do you have a
question Paul does not have a question
Paul disappeared we miss Paul but we're
going to talk to Nick and Nick will be
so exciting
it's like to Paul's Nick are you there
Nick do you have a question for V Nick I
do indeed yeah I was wondering what do
you think is gonna happen with the oil
prices and the Saudi well at the moment
you know probably the bigger issue is
lack of demand because the economy's
stalled so I don't see the price of oil
going up anytime soon
yeah the oil industry is gonna take
quite a haircut in this but on the good
side it's like so it's operates like a
tax cut for anybody who uses energy so
so we'll take it I don't know bad for
the oil companies good for us
mostly bad for the the oil industry in
this country but if you're commuting you
might like it
alright thanks thank you and I've always
fascinated at the range of questions
that people ask let's see if Mikey has
the best
question of the day Mikey are you there
do you have a question good how are you
I'm doing great man I had a question
about persuasion yeah good so I've been
reading through your reading list and
everything like that over a long period
of time and a group of my friends and
I'm finding a little difficult on
translating some of the ideas into
practical use in everyday life to try to
you know grow that muscle and flex that
I wondered if you had any tips on you
know how to do things like um pacing and
leading and practice things like that
out in the world with your friends
family and things like that yeah you
know there's no substitute for just
practicing so the best way I would you
know explain it is if you'd ever tried
to learn to type without looking at your
fingers yeah the the first you know
months of it it just feels like it's
sort of impossible and you couldn't
possibly do it same as if you're you
know learning an instrument for the
first time
Shirley Kennedy had any your left hand
to do something and your right hand to
do something else like that doesn't even
seem possible yeah but then when but
then there's sort of that it's almost
like one day that you realize oh yeah I
just got separation and I can type down
and I can do all these things and
learning persuasion is like that so
there's a whole bunch of just being
aware of it and then thinking to
yourself oh I'll try this one thing in
this one situation so just keep
reminding yourself and practicing see
what happens trial and error but you
think of it in terms of a skill that you
build up over decades now something you
learn in a weekend in a weekend you can
learn all the tricks okay right you can
actually get better at them just
infinitely because they just become
incorporated in the way you talk so at
this point and people have made this
observation about me I used I
consistently use the tools of persuasion
but I'm not thinking about it as I do it
so I'm now thinking you know you use
this tool that's simply the way I talk
now and and that'll happen to you it's
just a time and practice that's all this
fantastic man thank you I appreciate it
good luck with everything all right
take care thanks secret to everything
time and practice let's see what brian
has to say mmm Brian Brian Brian Brian
do you have a question for me
right right
good okay get me in there's waiting for
the countdown
first I'm old and I remember when I
worked for Boeing in Wichita Kansas in
the 80 90s before you announced who you
really were we all were convinced you
worked at Boeing yes yep everybody did
that was a Boeing I probably everybody
in every company thought you had to work
in their company yeah I heard that a lot
is made worse by the fact that I have a
common name so most of the the biggest
fortune 500 companies they have somebody
with my name on the payroll
and I know this because people told me
the stories of how we knew you worked
for Hewlett Packard which I didn't they
said so we looked at the employee
directory and there you were sand then
we knew it
and then IBM told me the same thing PG&E
and you know pretty much all the big
companies had one of me but there was
only one of me it wasn't it wasn't any
of those all right did you have a
question do we just want to I just on
the persuasion angle here just wanna
know like Mike Glendale today is taking
a lot of heat because instead of any of
the other CEOs catching grief he is
probably because he dared to mention
Jesus and then the other question more
is on dr. Burks is she because she seems
like a real star to me she seems like
she has incredible credibility is is the
fact that she's catching so much grief
from the liberal media because they are
so afraid of her ability to influence
people now I I never interpreted those
kinds of motives you know that somebody
is you know secretly afraid
somebody's power or something like that
no I don't think so I think you know dr.
Burks is associated with president Trump
because they're you know working on the
same project so that means that the
anti-trump press has to not love her too
much you know they've got to walk that
fine line because she's she's credible
and she's a woman and she's got a great
reputation so they can't totally trash
her but they might want to you know make
it look a little less credible I might
might work in their favor but I don't
look too far for the the motives I think
there's not that much cleverness going
on usually all right all right thanks
for the question but let's do one more
or more Elmer
Elmer who looks like he cat Elmer Elmer
do you have a question for me Elmer
disappeared technical difficulties and
that puts Caroll in the queue Carol
Carol can you hear me Carol can you hear
me
hey do you have a question for me
accidental death rate starts to decline
then if people recognize that won't they
see the disadvantages of going back to
like the world as it was a couple weeks
ago if what declined the death rate in
general you mean the accidental death
rate
yeah you know I've been thinking about
this a lot because I thought I was gonna
hate this more than I do
meaning you know being forced to be home
and you know I can go for a walk but
that's it and so far I'm liking it more
than I thought
now I hate the fact that I'm not with my
fiance so that part you know you can't
get past that that's pretty
but in terms of my health and I'm not
bored it's better than I thought yeah
same here
so anyway
did I answer any questions si yeah that
was kind of but I was thinking more in
terms of like the travel industry if
people recognized that it was having
such a bad end for influence you know
like commuting and oh yeah it'd be hard
to convince people okay let's not go
back that way yeah you know you make a
good point the all of the people who
commuted these terrible you know two
hours each way commutes there's there's
something about how we just sort of
drift into things but when you're force
did not do it for two months maybe you
just can't go back cuz you just saying
oh my god I feel so much better than
they don't have to do that anyway so
thank you for the comments or questions
and I'm going
whoops fat fingering that alright so I
think we've done enough for tonight I
believe that we have now kaamdar self
down into a good place where we human
beings will be in some ways observers to
a fight between two viruses that's right
I sent a fight between two viruses
that's my dog making noise in case you
hear that one virus is the corona virus
and the other is a series of ideas and
those ideas use human beings as their
carriers exactly as the corona virus
does so the credit coronavirus doesn't
kill you directly it causes you to be
programmed wrong and kill yourself
likewise a bad idea could do that but in
this case these ideas become like idea
viruses they spread to other people and
people learn what to do with their masks
and what what
drugs work and how social isolation
works and what's bending the curve and
so all these ideas formed like an army
of ideas and they're you know they're
using our bodies as just their
fortresses basically but it's the ideas
that are fighting the other virus so
it's really virus on virus one virus as
a physical form and one has an you know
sort of a conceptual idea form but it's
really the ideas are fighting the other
physical virus and the humans are just
sort of receptacles basically we're just
the battleground in a way so if our
ideas reprogram us productively we can
be part of beating the other virus
that's all I got to say for now and I'll
talk to you in the mornings you know
when see you then