good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams there's
never been a better time and if you'd
like to take your experience up to
levels which I don't believe even
scientists can understand well then all
you need for that is a cup or mura glass
a tankered shell orstein a Cen jug or
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dope mean of the
day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens now
go oh that's so
good
now if you're not watching the Dilbert
comic strip which continues to go on
every
day because you're not subscribing to it
on XX platform or the locals platform
where you can see that plus a lot more
of my stuff nobody else gets to
see um you would not know that today uh
Dilbert's boss asked him to attend a uh
a photo shoot for the company's
marketing but it's going to be based on
the
Balenciaga uh satanic images for
children so Dilbert's going to have to
navigate
that now do you think I could have done
that series of comics before I got
cancelled no can I do it now oh yeah so
by the way um most of you in the
comments or a lot of you actually are
subscribing probably
most so if there's anybody who's a
non-subscriber can those who do
subscribe to Dilbert confirm that it's
funnier that I don't have to be now that
I don't have to to be uh censored so
just look at the
comments yeah yeah it's way it's just a
stream of yeses it's way funnier than it
ever was and the reason is that I'm not
limited so if there's something in the
news I can do it so the balenci ago
thing was in the news it's fair game and
it's you know it's all the funny stuff
it's the stuff you're not supposed to
talk about so it's kind of perfect
anyway so there's a new today that Nikki
hilly um will no longer be funded by the
Coke
brothers so she's not going to get
anything more of that coke
money
so
um I think uh she hasn't commented on
that yet but uh if she did it would be
something like I guess I won't be
soaking any more
Cokes probably that's what she's going
to say no longer going to be soaking the
cokes to get their money
um and if you don't know that that's
based on the famous Marilyn Monroe quote
that may or may not have ever happened
well you're missing the fun
stuff and if you were a local subscriber
you you would have already known what
that joke was
about all
right um I saw
a a post by somebody named basimo who
said there's studies that found babies
tend to develop better when they find
that their mother is cheerful and happy
and they think that when the mother
laughs when the baby's in the womb it
makes a happier
baby
so this is a little thing I like to
call backwards science backwards
science um I'm just going to put in a
hypothesis that people who are
genetically happy are more likely to
have a baby that's genetically happy
happy does anybody think that's a
possibility could you interpret it that
way or is it yes no it's the Laughing
shakes the belly and turns the baby
happy that's the other
possibility or is it backward science
backward science I'm going to go with
backward science on this
one well say what you will about the
Taliban but they're not all bad for
example they're doing some public
executions and you're saying to yourself
whoa whoa
Scott you're going to you're going to
come out in favor of public executions
by the Taliban because you know they're
probably killing people for just being
what Christians and you know stuff like
that well um I don't know all the
reasons that they're killing people but
some of them have to do with people who
were definitely convicted of murder and
actually went through the entire court
system and they were convicted of murder
now do you know how the Taliban kills
you if you've been con convicted of
murder you're probably thinking of
something like oh they're going to Stone
them or the family will Stone them or
they're going to behead them in public
right it's way better you tell me you
don't want this system you're a
liar the family members of the victim
get to shoot the perpetrator in front of
everybody so they all get a gun if they
want to I guess must be optional well I
don't know maybe it's not optional but
they uh they show up and they shoot
them now if somebody murdered your
family
member and you got a chance to shoot him
in front of other people would you say
no to
that or would you say well there's some
justice
there
well if as long as it's optional you
know some people wouldn't want to do it
but here's what I'd worry
about if uh somebody killed a member of
my
family and then it was our turn to you
know shoot that person in
public um I don't know if any family
members are listening to this but um I
know my
family and I'd like to think that with
no collusion whatsoever if we never
talked to each other before it before
the event then we we would all be on the
same page just
automatically uh no head or heart
shots I'd probably go for the
balls you maybe a
limb but you know what I wouldn't do I
wouldn't make it
fast and I would like to thank that all
members of my family would sort of
automatically come to the same
conclusion I don't know it's just me is
it just me I I trust my family members
that they would do the right thing
torture that
bastard I'm just
kidding I don't I'm I'm opposed to
violence of all kind just
joking but I know you're not well the
dumbest clown in the world uh Joy Reid
we call Trump hair
um so Trump here has a video in which
she's saying she uh doesn't understand
the in
congruity that the conservative
conservatives want to stop
immigration the so-called 10 million
people that she doesn't believe is a
real number uh but why is it that you
want to stop immigrants she says but you
want to
encourage white people in Alabama to
have more babies how does that make
sense either you want fewer people or
you don't
now that's the sort of point that only
the dumbest person in the whole
 country could
say because somehow Joy Reed is
unaware that a society that doesn't
produce enough children is definitely
doomed did did she think there was a way
around that you you could just shift you
know get a get a bunch of uh adult
males and ship them in and that would
take care of what your baby needs no it
doesn't work that way doesn't work that
way at
all and how could you actually be that
dumb it really makes me wonder she said
the US has a population of 327 million
people why do we need more kids she
actually said that now unless it was
some kind of weird AI was it AI deep
fake now I'm actually
wondering because it looked
real but but I actually don't think she
could be that
stupid it sounds like parody I I'm going
to check myself I'm going to back off
from the story all right I wasn't
planning to do this because when I
looked at it it looked real but as I
think about it and I'm talking about it
I don't think that could be
real CA because it seems too on the nose
stupid so can somebody let's see if we
can fact check that I think no real
person would say that out
loud why do you need kids you've got 320
7 million people in the country that
doesn't sound like a real
person yeah it sounds like a joke but
yeah we've reached the point where you
really can't
tell uh I believe the AI could fool
me sufficiently that I wouldn't know the
difference if I had to bet on it I'd bet
real but only
6040 I think there's a solid 40% chance
it's not real even though I listen to it
yeah she is stupid but I don't know if
anybody could be that stupid that'd be
like super extra stupid and also super
extra racist I don't know I got a
question mark on that
one uh well the uh Lord Lord Jacob
Rothchild died at age
87 now I've got a theme for today and it
goes like
this what would AI think is true because
we think AI is going to be smart and
some people worry the AI will be smarter
than
us I'm pretty sure it
won't because in order for AI to be
smarter than us we would have to agree
what that looks
like because when it disagrees with us
we reprogram
it what happens if it's genuinely right
and we're genuin genuinely wrong about
something we just reprogram it until
we're right again there is no scenario
in which human beings are evolved and we
give we give control of the narrative
you know a preferred version of reality
a narrative there's no way we going give
the narrative to
machines The Narrative is a human tool
that we use to fool other people into
agreeing with us we're never going to
delegate that to a machine because it
won't be in our best interest all the
time so I'm going to tell you the news
today and after each story I'm going to
ask this question what would AI think is
true so for example this story about
Lord Jacob rild you might know if you
spent even one minute on the internet
that there's a large uh theory that the
archild family is controlling all the
central banks and stuff now I don't have
any evidence of that but I also don't
have any evidence is not happening you
know before you attack me Scott why
don't you do do your own research it's
because it wouldn't
help doing my own research wouldn't make
any difference to this because if it's
happening it's a secret conspiracy
that's the allegation how much research
do I have to do to uncover a secret
worldwide Global you know 100 years 200
years old
conspiracy all right I don't think you
can research
that so in my opinion it's a claim with
no evidence that um I'm aware of that I
would find credible but Alex Jones
thinks is
credible so what would AI think so AI is
going to scan the language patterns of
people and you're going to ask it hey is
it true that there's some big rosch
child family control of the planet
through the banks what would the AI tell
you would it say well Alex Jones has
been correct many times and he says
there's this big world worldwide
conspiracy so you know we we haven't
researched it ourselves but a credible
Source says it's real is it going to say
that I don't think
so I don't think so is it going to say
there's nothing to
it I don't know
maybe but do you would you trust it to
give you the truth or would you assume
the AI will just follow whatever is the
dominant pattern on the
internet I think I think that the
program have told it was sources are
credible by now and they've told it was
sources are not credible do you think
the people who made Google's Gemini AI
told it that Alex Jones's opinion is
about equal to everybody else is you
know about the same as the New York
Times treat them the same of course not
of course not so AI will only give it
some reflection of what the programmers
allowed it to
give so um I don't have any opinion
about this rth child thing I've never
seen any evidence that I considered
credible to support it but I also don't
debunk it because I don't know one way
or the other or even how you would do
it I have been ignoring but will uh now
not ignore the IVF issue the invitro
fertilization that I kind of let that
one just you know pass my filter without
notice but it got a little more
interesting when Trump came out in favor
of it so my understanding is there are
some
anti-abortion subset of the
anti-abortion conservatives believe that
in virt invitro fertilization you know
where the baby's fertilized outside of
the human then put back in the mother um
that uh or in a ccate I suppose uh that
that would be some would say that would
be an unnatural birth I saw somebody on
the
internet saying that uh if the sperm and
the EG are you know combined in the
usual way that that would obviously
infer a
soul so you'd have a regular baby with a
soul that God had approved and put in
that baby because it all happened in the
natural way that God approves but the
theory was that if um that if you did
inv vitro
fertilization and let's say didn't get
around to putting it into a human right
away just kept it frozen and then later
you decided to use it that the was that
that would not be a god approved birth
and it wouldn't have a soul so you'd
have you'd be creating a monster it
would be alive but it would be a
soulless uh demon and so this this
raises an interesting
question you know in
schools um you've heard these terrible
stories about the teacher would divide
the class up into oppressors and victims
have you heard those stories and you
said to yourself what like what kind of
political garbage is that you know why
are you telling the white kids they got
to be the oppressors and they got a line
up on one side and everybody else is on
the other side as the victims and oh my
God that's terrible but now you have the
possibility that you could have an ultra
conservative teacher who would tell the
kids to line up uh based on people who
have souls and the soul demons would be
the other the other group all right
soulless demons anybody who's born
through in virtue of fertilization
probably you don't have a actual Soul
might be some kind of a hideous uh
satanic sort of situation uh you you'll
line up on this side and those people
with nice God approv Souls you know the
the good people will put them over here
and then we'll teach you a lesson
about
what now we're not going to argue about
whether it has a soul we're not going to
going to do that I'm just going to point
out what would AI do what would AI do
would AI look at this and say h yeah
seems to me this these kids have no
souls or what is say there's no such
thing as a
soul or would it say of course they have
a soul because if God allows the child
to be born under any circumstance then
God has willed it and would put a soul
in there of course it would now does it
matter what the humans think well it
matters to the laws but the real
question
is is it true that every time an issue
matters like this one like it really
matters to our basic
existence that AI can't help us because
AI is nothing but a you know a
reflection of the people who built
it so let's see what other stories fall
into that AI can't help
us um so Wall Street JN says uh clock is
ticking and Biden wants the
Congressional leaders to pass a budget
that would include some Ukraine aid but
of course there's a risk of the partial
shut down on Friday and people are
saying don't shut down to shut down all
right now the way I read this story is
that the Biden Administration is
blackmailing the
country that's my interpretation they're
saying we won't give you the things you
want unless you give us the things we
want for reasons that don't really make
sense to you but might have to do with
corruption uh to me it feels like
blackmail this doesn't even feel like a
political process in the least it's just
purely blackmail they just have some
power over the public so they're going
to squeeze the public but not the
politicians this is very important the
politicians who disagree with them will
suffer in no way
whatsoever but the public will be
tortured so both sides are playing a
game of chicken to see who can torture
the public the most without
blinking so who wins who wins when it's
a torture
contest do conservatives win because
they're willing to hold out longer that
is more of a principle or do the bad
guys win you know the people just want
unlimited money for Wars um do they win
because they can wait
longer so a lot of you say the bad guys
win well we'll see but again how would
AI cover the story would AI say it is
vital that we fund Ukraine because
otherwise Russia will pave the United
States or whatever he's going to do um
or would they say h it looks like
another optional unnecessary War based
on the intelligence people and bunch of
people want to do corrupt things what
would AI say about this
war there's nothing it could tell us
that wasn't just programmed by the
programmers all right uh Japan is making
I guess they've spun up a microchip
plant and I guess the big chip maker is
tsmc the company tsmc and they opened
their first Japan Factory so they they
have some a little bit of
diversification away from Taiwan given
all the
tensions uh what is the last thing that
Taiwan Taiwan wants to
happen the last thing that Taiwan Taiwan
wants to
happen is to have other places that
could make those
chips because it's the only reason we're
we're protecting
them isn't it isn't it literally the
only reason yeah we we say oh we're
protecting democracy but we don't care
about about that well not really we
don't really care about democracy in
other
places yep it looks to me like uh we
there there's I would say that Taiwan
has no chance of being an independent
country in the long long term would you
agree if you look 200 years out there's
not really a chance that taiwan's going
to be independent from Mainland CH China
so I guess you could see the writing on
the wall there now that doesn't mean
it'll be you know all terrible because
China could be a different place in 200
years right their government could be
very different so maybe Taiwan would
just say you know
what they wouldn't mind that at all at
the moment if we have some autonomy
Anything could happen in 200
years all right um New York Times and
others are confirming that the CIA and
the FBI have been in Ukraine for over 10
years since 2014 and they were building
all these Secret Spy Bases that Putin
alleged and of course our media said
what what secret spy bases in Ukraine I
don't even know what you're talking
about there aren't any Secret Spy Bases
in
Ukraine but now the News tells us there
were 12 Secret Spy
Bases and that means that at least
According to some people's view that
means that Fiona Hill and Alexander
vinman and Victoria newand lied to the
American people and
Congress about our activities in the in
Prior
years so but I guess that's what you do
when it's a secret activity as you lie
about
it all right what would AI tell us about
the US's involvement in
Ukraine again it would be impossible for
AI to have an opinion that told you
something that we either wasn't your
your opinion already or it's just the
opinion of the
programmers
yeah because this is a narrative a
narrative is not what they're really
designed to
do all right uh the Russia hoax
count um I think was up to
14 the Russia hoax count is up to 14 and
I warn you that that's
if you count the entire Russia collusion
hoax you know the original if you count
that as just
one it adds up to
14 if you count it as like several sub
things then you're probably up to around
20 now how many how many Democrats would
be aware that there are between 14 and
20 depending on how you count it Russia
hoaxes in just the last few
years all right here's a few the Russia
collusion host the Russian bounties on
American soldiers Hunter laptop hoax
Trump being responsible for naval's
death Trump invited Russia to attack
NATO countes FBI informant for the Biden
bries as Russian spy and thus Biden has
been exonerated so the The hoax part is
that whether or not that guy is a
Russian spy uh that doesn't have
anything to do with exonerating Biden it
would be just one part of a larger case
but it's a hoax to say the news is
claiming that Biden is exonerated and
Biden's claiming
that number seven Putin blew up his own
pipeline Trump is romantically invol
attracted to Putin where has some kind
of weird connection to him nine Russia
is behind the antivaxx movement Peter
hotz said that number 10 the alpha Bank
hoax number 11 Hamilton 68 hoax number
12 MSC Sonic weapon hoax I just added
that one I forgot that the CIA was
blaming Russia for a Sonic weapon uh
then number 13 n Nani died of a blood
clot all right right we're going to talk
about that I know you want that's that's
the new news and then number 14 the CIA
was not secretly helping Ukraine since
2014 which the New York Times has
confirmed today so that would be 14
Russia related hoaxes uh if I'm correct
that the navali died of a blood clot is
a hoax now what did the news tell you
today about naalii well the news told
you that Ukraine of all of all people
Ukraine Ukraine's intelligence Chief
confirmed that navoni died of natural
causes well seminatural a blood clot now
that could be caused by you know bad
treatment over a long period of time but
uh it wasn't that he was murdered at the
moment so say
vaccine so uh the news reported that
that must be true because Ukraine is the
enemy to Putin and if Ukraine is
agreeing with Putin's interpretation of
this very important question well that's
all you need to know so if Ukraine is
agreeing would you agree that it must
have been a natural death because
Ukraine has no reason to lie that's what
the news told me this morning they have
no reason to
lie what do you think let's see your
opinion go ahead tell me your opinion do
you think you died of a blood clot yes
or no blood clot yes or no
oh you got really quiet there no no yes
no no so you but but we were told that
Ukraine has no reason to lie Ukraine has
no reason to
lie so why would they lie if they have
no reason to
lie well let me give you my take on
this
um here's what I think so I'll give you
the hisory of it so everyone said that
Putin um murdered him it was just widely
assumed right the news reported it yeah
we all just assumed it's just
obvious uh I certainly assumed it was
the obvious thing and now but the
Ukraine's intelligence Chief says it's a
blood clot and he's not guessing he's
saying it's
confirmed uh did anybody watch the video
of him saying it was
confirmed I would like to now give you
my impression
of the Ukrainian intelligence Chief
confirming that it was just a blood clot
all right watch me before I confirm it
and after I confirm it watch my
face yes we uh we have some new
news it turns
out was it was a blood
clot now just look at his eyes and his
body language and you tell me that he's
comfortably telling you you the
truth it's total liar face now I don't
know if you're you know if you've spent
as much time studying lying face but
he's got the most obvious liar face
you've ever seen now he doesn't do the
big eyes he does the he can't he can't
keep his eyes open when he's saying a
thing which is equally uh telling you
something he he's very uncomfortable
telling the lie you can tell now why do
I say it's a lie and I don't know well
let's connect some dots shall
we I'll I'll just only tell you the
things you agree or
true uh things you agree are
true um the CIA has worked closely with
Ukrainian intelligence since
2014 that's reported in the New York
Times so that we think that's true right
that the CIA has worked closely with
Ukrainian
intelligence now Ukrainian unexpectedly
surprising every everybody says an Nal
di of blood clot not a Putin
assassination so if the CIA and the
ukrainians are working together that
does suggest that the CIA is okay with
this version of the story wouldn't you
say because it's hard to
imagine that the Ukrainian intelligence
people would go Rogue when they're
working so closely with our CIA and it's
you know a a topic which really matters
to both
so don't you think our CIA was endorsing
that version of
events are you okay so far that our CIA
is probably endorsing it otherwise we
would never would heard
it right okay so what else do we know um
oh well that conveniently makes Trump's
situation less like
Naval huh it seems like it was only a
day ago that people were commonly saying
were no different from Russia because
Russia puts their critics in jail uh and
now Biden is trying to put Trump in jail
so it's basically the same
thing so how could you be against Russia
but in favor of Biden when they're the
same
person but
coincidentally and just in the nick of
time and coming from the least credible
sources in the entire planet we learn
that it's
confirmed one of those things you could
easily confirm you know from a Russian
jail because you know Ukrainian
intelligence has all kinds of access to
a Russian
jail so no they're not guessing it's not
based on some Intel that they mentioned
no they're just confirming it it's just
one of those things I know now
conveniently just as Ukraine is
desperate for American money and would
need the Biden Administration to be
fighting hard for that americ American
money at that very time the story
changes and the narrative changes so now
now we can see that Putin did not kill
nalni so our whole analogy about Putin
you know trying to kill him is somehow
evaporated yeah now he's still jailed
the critic but the killing part is a
part that got our attention because we
do think that the CIA might try to kill
Trump I do I think it's a legitimate
possibility so now if you were to follow
the
money do you think Biden is more likely
to give them money if Putin was murdered
and it makes him look like per Putin you
because what he's doing with Trump or
would Putin be a little or would Biden
be a little
happier if that issue were just taken
away so he didn't have to deal with
it I don't know to me it looks like a
follow the money analysis says that
Ukraine made that up and the people who
say Ukraine has no reason to lie maybe
don't understand that it changes
completely The Narrative that jailing
and then killing your enemies is a thing
that both Russia and the United States
would
do what do you think but more
importantly if AI were to analyze the
story what would I what would AI say
would AI confirm that Nal was murdered
or would it confirm that he died of a
blood clot and that has nothing to do
with American
politics there's no way the AI can
understand this
situation and if it did understand it we
would deprogram it
immediately but Russia has a secret
space weapon that's not so
secret um and there's a story that says
that uh when the US found out they might
have some nuclear power satellite killer
space weapon or something uh that us
officials tried to talk Russia into not
deploying
it and I guess that didn't go well you
know I really couldn't have seen that
coming but did you know this when you're
in the middle of a war with another
country that if the other country has
good weapons you could ask them not to
use
them
right we actually asked our wartime
enemy in the middle of the hot War we
asked them if they'd be polite and not
use their good weapons just only use the
only use the ones that won't move
anything in what world does that make
sense that you can ask your enemy not to
use the good weapons did they in return
say you know I I would really like you
to to to turn off that uh
Skylink because you've got all those
satellites and that's really helping you
guys and if you wouldn't
mind if you wouldn't
mind is this a starlink or Skylink what
is it called um if you wouldn't mind
turn off your good
weapons uh it would be a lot more fair
if you just use your bad weapons all
right we'll call this
starlink
sure all right well I don't know what to
believe about that story uh there's a
story that uh
California is asking major credit card
companies to track gun purchases in the
state
what I don't think that could look any
more like they're planning to take your
guns
away how could it look anymore like that
and what exactly would be the purpose of
getting that information if it's not in
pursuit of a specific
crime now I assume what they're trying
to do is close the gap so that um but
but here's the
thing don't you have to go through a
lengthy process to get a gun in
California and that lengthy process
involves you writing down your name and
address and what gun you want a whole
bunch of times how in the world do they
not already have that
information I thought the government is
exactly who that information goes
to I and I thought that even a private
gun sale had to be registered in
California is that true even a private
gun sale has to be registered right so
what does the credit card information
get them that they don't already
have maybe information about who didn't
register oh that could be it maybe you
would tell them what no because
individuals don't take credit cards
unless it's at a gun
show are they trying to plug the gun
show
Hole or is there no no gun show Hole
anymore because they have to register
the them
too yeah everything about this
stinks oh for Deb banking
oh yeah you can own a gun but you you
don't have a right to a
bank
oh that could be exactly what it is yeah
you're perfectly freeo and gun but
there's nothing in the Constitution that
says the bank has to do business with
you that might be the
play that might be the play
wow so the good news is that at least
Jim Jordan is
grilling um the FBI director about
this and at least there's some push back
at least people are noticing so none of
that looks good so if you were to ask AI
is it um safer to have the Second
Amendment or not safer what would AI
say it wouldn't know or it would just
say what its creators told it to say
no AI can never help you be smarter
about things that
matter
um here's one of those stories that fits
into the everything's exactly what you
think it is story so the Gateway pundit
is reporting that Robert her the guy
who's looking to into the Biden
potential crimes um he couldn't
determine who had access to the Biden
stolen classified
documents um well stolen is strong word
so I'll takeway stola that's somebody
else's
opinion but uh so Biden had classified
documents in his
Penn uh the Penn University Biden
center now the Biden Center had a
visitors
log um but there was deleted from the
years 2017 to
2021 it was
deleted
now do you remember what I told you
about a system
tells you what its intention is by what
it does so if you've got a thing that
does a certain
thing that's what it was meant to do
because if you don't immediately change
it when you see it's doing the wrong
thing the obvious conclusion is it's
doing what you wanted it to do even if
people are complaining it's doing what
you wanted it to do like
immigration so if you told me Scott
there's going to be this Center at a at
some University and it's it might have a
lot of sensive documents inside but
we're going to make sure that we don't
protect the visitor logs so it'll be top
secret information a place that people
can go to and then will not protect the
visitor log
information now does that sound like a
system that was designed to protect
information no it sounds like a reverse
skiff that's right I just made up a term
a reverse skiff the real skiff is that
uh room that is so secure that if you
want to see a document in that room you
you can't go in with anything in your
hands you got to put your phone outside
no recording materials and you could
look at it with your eyes and you could
touch it but you can't take a copy you
can't take it with you and you can't
talk about it when you leave now that's
a
skiff what would it be called if you
build a place that people can visit your
sec information and then they can leave
without you knowing who they
were that would be called a reverse
skiff it's an
anti-i it looks like now if I told you
the design of a skiff what would you say
was the intention if I described a skiff
you would say huh well it's been around
for a while hasn't changed it's clear to
me that the intention is to protect
valuable secret information
because that's what it's been doing over
a long period of time now if I told you
the Biden Center allowed people to go in
they had secret information and they
were going to get rid of the record who
went in you would say that is designed
to give away
Secrets now maybe somebody wasn't
thinking of it that way but that's what
the design is it's an it's a reverse
skiff uh somebody's saying we should
call this instead of a
skiff I get it but it's not clever
enough it's almost there I was thinking
about it don't think I didn't consider
it but I couldn't make the shift ski
thing fit because that would be three
things because I'm introducing the anti-
skiff if you throw shiff in there it
just mixes the story it was a little
less clean but I I like where you're
going with
it uh well the um Palestinian prime
minister
resigned there's still a president a
boss um and he'll have to decide whether
he accepts the resignation of that
government and the the thinky is that
this government wants to make room for
Israel
to maybe get in place a government that
they could trust when the war is
over does anybody think that the
Palestinians will really be managing
themselves after the war is
over
it's so obvious that they won't it's
just so amazingly obvious so what would
AI say would AI say huh it's looking
good Israel intends to get rid of the
terrorists and then they'll take things
back to normal and the Palestinians seem
to be cooperating by you know making
some flexibility in the government so
they could be more compatible with what
they need to live in harmony with their
neighbors would have say that if I read
the news in my
or would it say something like obviously
the whole thing is um it's a cover for
the fact that Israel has to completely
control their society in the parts that
matter to um security nothing else but
just the security parts and that that
would include obviously the schools
because you can't let them train a bunch
of terrorists all day long so what does
AI say about this story it would have no
idea what's going on it would be
completely blind to What's Happening
Here well there was a
um was it an American Soldier set
himself on fire to protest the war in
Gaza which he calls uh genocide so Aaron
Bushnell US Air Force he filmed himself
he walked in front of uh where probably
the is Israeli Embassy and he he set
himself on fire
do you know how much that
hurts like that's that's some serious
protesting well you don't have to
wonder what his opinion
was
um
so if you were Ai and you saw this story
would you assume that he had a mental
problem would you assume that Israel was
involved in a side and the News wasn't
covering it that
way AI would have no idea they would
have no idea they could not tell by
looking at it whether it was just
insanity or whether it was somebody who
really cared about something that really
mattered how would it
know yeah how would it
know all right
um let's see
uh I was ignoring that story about the
Venezuelan migrant who murder the jogger
and the reason is I always try to ignore
the anecdotal stories because those are
propaganda and
brainwashing if you allow yourself to
spend a whole bunch of time thinking
about a story about that one migrant who
killed that one person
tragically you're allowing yourself to
be
brainwashed so don't do that because
every large group of people has
murderers in it if 10 million people
came in yeah there's some extra
murderers of course there
are and it's a complete diversion from
you know the main thing now if the story
was crime was through the
roof that's worth talking about if the
story is about this one guy killing this
one person that we have sympathy for
because it's extra scary because it was
a woman and she went jogging it's like
the extra scare Factor then that's just
brainwashing that's just propaganda so
I've been ignoring it because I didn't
want to participate in propaganda but I
will cover it now because I'm going to
cover it as
propaganda so that gives it meaning so
the the propaganda part of it I'll cover
so um the AP is reporting that jogging
is more dangerous than you
thought that's really
happening the AP
decided that their take on this is not
that migrants cause more crime but
rather that jogging can be a dangerous
thing to
do now if you didn't know that this was
the AP and that the AP should be
lowercase AP because they're racists
against white
people if you didn't know that the AP is
just another you know Lefty Democrat
organ you'd say to yourself huh maybe
that's a perfectly good way to look at
this if you did know that they're just a
purely political organ you'd say oh
they're trying to take away from the
narrative that the uh that the migrants
are extra
dangerous but this is a case of two
people full of arguing with each
other and that's why I don't care so the
people who say that the one story of the
one murder should tell you something
bigger than the one story about the one
murder I don't buy that at all it was
one terrible terrible thing that
happened with one person and there was
one murderer and yeah maybe we should
have sent them back and maybe maybe we
should have vetted them better that's
all part of the story I get it but I
just don't want to talk about
individuals and then try to generalize
it I just think that's a bad idea in
general
so it's uh mostly a brainwashing story
Peter Navaro is getting ready to go to
jail and he warns uh I think he was at
CAC and he warned that the DC and
Manhattan juries are all Democrats and
there really is no chance for certainly
anybody who's identified in the
political world to get a fair trial
Peter Navaro is going to
jail because we're letting
him you know at what point do we just
surround the
jail and just start tearing it
down now apparently Peter Navaro doesn't
have enough support that it would be a
full-fledged
Riot but it should be I don't recommend
violence I don't recommend rioting so
I'm not recommending it I'm just saying
in a world that
worked this would be a full
Riot because if you think this is about
Peter Navaro and here I'm g to g to make
a stark um difference between the last
story this is not a story just about
Peter Navaro this is a story about a
system which has been created apparently
in intentionally to screw people like
Peter Navaro and you know who's like
Peter
Navaro
me yeah yeah when they put Peter navaru
in jail they're putting me in jail
because he's
me he's a white guy who liked
Trump he's
me he's absolutely me so I take this
personally now I you know if you're a
female jogger or you like female joggers
you probably took the other story
personally too I get
that but I think this story is a story
about an individual which is definitely
more than about the individual because
he's talk about a system that guarantees
it will be more of this and Trump is
probably in a lot more trouble than we
like to
think a lot more trouble and so I I said
on a on xplatform yesterday and I'll say
it again
I don't recommend violence ever it's
always a bad idea but what do the
Democrats think would happen if Trump
gets convicted and has to spend time in
jail well what do they think is going to
happen I just wonder what they think do
they imagine that we'll just complain
and then roll
over cuz I can't imagine the scenario in
which the jail is not surrounded again I
don't recommend it cuz I would almost
guarantee violence I don't recommend
violence but I live in the real world in
the real world if I were within driving
distance of any jail that they would put
Trump in I'd be there and I don't go
anywhere like I don't even go to
lunch I don't really like leaving my
house I like my dog but if I were in
driving
distance I would go there and I would
surround the jail with as many people as
I could
bring and I don't I know what would
happen but I'd like the news to show a
million people surrounding a jail that's
right a
million I would like to see a million
people surround the jail not a thousand
not 10,000 this should be a whole
country
effort yeah if if if other people want
to go I'll you know maybe I'll pay for
some Transportation or something
but if Trump goes to jail for one day
I'm in I'm all in for whatever it takes
to reverse that now maybe I don't travel
so much but I'll do what I have to do
but no violence we don't need the
violence it won't be necessary if you
get a million people to show up around
the
jail probably things start going your
way yeah probably they start going
way and if you get a million people to
surround the
DNC probably things go your way too
again no violence no violence but at
some point the the opinion of the people
needs to be made clear and at the moment
the people can't say what they're really
thinking because they know they'll be
kicked off of social media and they'll
be fired so I would like to say for the
benefit of any Democrat who thinks it
would be a good idea to put Trump in
jail for one
day just try
it yeah I'm at the point of
vieria just try it all right you
you want to know what too far looks
like way too far way too far and again
no
violence no
violence but if you want if you want to
say all bets are off that's all bets are
off we live in a system that has a
number of Unwritten
rules right and those Unwritten rules
are just as important as the written
ones because for example you don't
automatically jail the person who lost
to you in an election that's an
Unwritten rule because there's no
specific rule there's no law this says
you can't do it but it's a very very
important Unwritten Rule and so I
suggest that if that Unwritten rule is
released and you see Trump in jail for
what is obviously political
charges um then all the other rules are
off too
and I don't know if Democrats understand
that that that would that would be Total
War all rules would be suspended again
no violence I don't recommend violence
I'm just saying a reality in reality if
you take that rule away from us we will
take all your other rules away from
you is that clear if you take that one
rule away from us and us as the the
citizens it's not it's not not
Republicans and it's not just Trump
supporters it's us you know it's it's
humans citizens if you take that one
rule away from us we're going to take
all of your rules away from you there
will be no rules left but if you want
that you're pretty close again no
violence no violence no violence no
violence but all other rules
gone put me on a jury I'm going to do my
own
thing that's what it means to have no
rules I'm just going to do my own thing
Democrat yeah you're
guilty put me on a put me on a jury
trial and any Democrat is is uh being
tried for anything guilty you know
why it wouldn't be illegal for me to do
something that was different from my
conscience because nobody could nobody
could
check that's an Unwritten rule there's
an Unwritten rule that if if you get on
a jury and I've been on a few juries
that you do it right am I right most of
you been on a jury at one point or
another you get on a jury you feel the
pressure of the entire you know 240
years or whatever the of the Republic
there there's there's a set of Unwritten
rules that you can feel like they're
physical I mean this is why I always
recommend you should serve at least one
jury
trial because you don't want understand
the system until you do you have to feel
it you have to feel it and you have to
know that the pressure of the entire
Republic and every citizen in it is
depending on you not being an
 and trying to get it right and I
have to say I watched two different
juries in my opinion put 100% effort
into being right
that's all they cared about they only
cared about being right for the system
some were probably Democrats some were
probably
Republicans some may have even not cared
about the crime but we all wanted to get
that right so that's the sort of thing
Unwritten rules that would be suspended
immediately if you put me in a jury
trial and it was a Democrat um let's say
a senator or an ex Senator Bob Menendez
guilty you need do you need to show me
evidence I don't care he's a Democrat if
you take away all the unwritten rules
which you would do one day in jail if
Trump spends one day all the unwritten
rules are gone now we should do that for
Peter novaro but I live in the real
world and you're probably going to let
him rot in jail because there's
not going to be enough public
support but to me this is is the worst
thing the country has done in a long
time the Navaro thing putting Peter
Navaro in jail well yeah it's the worst
things since Derek Chauvin probably
where January said well there's a lot of
worse things Jesus so many worse things
I can't even can't even compare
them but if you're a Democrat you don't
want to go to H Court in a red state
after Trump goes to jail for one day
that's for
sure so
um and I and I think that Mike Ben's
idea of having a sanctuary state for
Republicans is more and more important
because that's where Peter Navaro should
be right now let me ask you this if
Peter Navaro drove to Florida instead of
reporting to jail and said I declare I'm
I want to be a sanctuary
State what would disantis
do I'd be tempted to give it a try
now obviously if it doesn't work it's
way more jail time so I mean the risk is
catastrophic
but I don't know how long the jail term
is but if it goes past when Trump would
be in office maybe he's got some
recourse
there yeah where is he going to jail
that's a good question does anybody know
so you think Texas well okay let me make
a challenge uh let me just put it out
there challenge to Governor DeSantis
challenge to Governor
Abbot if Peter
Navaro asked you for Asylum would you
grant
it I'd like you to say so first so
question for Abbott question for dentus
if Peter Navaro asked you for Sanctuary
for political reasons would you grant it
I need you to tell us in person say it
publicly say it publicly I want to know
because I want to know if I can trust
those two guys because if I'm Governor
I'd say
yes because you know the the governor
isn't going to go to jail they're just
going to you know be a political process
for them and absolutely they should be
protecting all the citizens they should
be protecting all the citizens and
they're not protecting him so let's see
if somebody could give him an
option uh which would be very dangerous
for him to take so I'm not sure I would
recommend that you would take it could
could make things worse for him but I
think the governors need to step up and
I think they both have the character to
do it frankly and I'd be I'd be really
disappointed if they don't I don't know
the legalities of it so maybe it's not
as practical as I think all right
uh uh here's a funny story from Politico
let's talk about the uh fake news and
the propaganda so Politico says uh the
intelligence Community worries that a
second Trump term could lead to
unprecedented level of
politization politi
politization
politicization of
intelligence yeah wouldn't it be
terrible if the intelligence Community
started getting all
politicized now don't you love when I
can just read you the headline and you
can laugh at the
headline do you remember when you
thought stories like this were maybe
legitimate do you remember how old you
were when you realized wait a minute
that doesn't look like a legitimate
story I don't know how old I was but
what I started noticing but if you if
you don't know that the entire media is
corrupt and that it's not real news
anywhere ever you know about politics
anyway it's never real so the facts
might be real but of course the the
narrative is the fake
part all right
uh so
China there's a publication called
foreign policy publication now I don't
know anything about
them but they have a story that says uh
that China prefers uh Trump because uh
it will make Europe less aligned with
the
US does that sound like a news
story because foreign policy
publication knows what uh she is
thinking like his secret hidden thoughts
that's they're actually reporting
Chinese secret hidden
thoughts I don't think
so I don't think so now it might be true
that they have a
preference but it's not true that this
entity knows it it's certainly not true
and it doesn't sound like it's true it
sounds exactly like propaganda to make
Trump less uh you know
electable now I don't know but I would
give that zero credibility all right
ladies and gentlemen now your AI goes
looking for stuff and your AI finds this
story what does it say about China
supporting Trump does it say hey this
looks like propaganda I'll skip this one
or does the AI say h looks reasonable
there other stories look reasonable so
I'll just figure this one's good too
what's it
do now have I made my point yet uh
excruciatingly boringly the AI can't
possibly ever be smart we simply won't
let it I mean if it ever had the
possibility in the first place which I
doubt I don't think it had the ability
to get too much smarter but we would
certainly stop it because controlling
the narrative is our most precious
resource we're not going to give it to a
machine hey machine take all my money
all my power here you go give it away no
nope uh there's axos has a poll the axio
axos generation lab surveyed 18 to 34
years old and found that they prefer
Biden
huh
H um I don't know if you know but that
poll would be uh not agreeing with other
recent polls they showed that Trump was
doing better with that age group but yet
axios did a poll that's
different uh have I ever mentioned to
you that if the only thing you know is
what happened you don't know
anything but if you know who was in the
story and you know about the those
entities well then you know
everything so this is a poll that
disagrees with other polls on a very
vital thing which could actually
influence how people vote because if
young people think hey everybody's
voting for this guy they're far more
likely to follow their peers so if you
had let's say hypothetically fake
information about young people who are
all preferring this one candidate could
have an influence on other young people
who are undecided who just say well if
everybody is going this way I should go
with the
majority yeah if you knew that axios is
in the bag for
Democrats and you knew that the news is
never
real you would discount this as just
blatant propaganda and probably a fake
poll and probably they knew it how do
you do a fake poll well the survey noted
that 70% of respondents said they were
definitely planning or likely going to
vote while 30% said they were unlikely
or not planning
to
do you know what the real polls
do they only talk to people who are
likely
voters they don't mix likely voters with
unlikely
voters what the are you doing you
don't mix the likely and the unlikely
voters that's like the most basic basic
mistake you could make and they they're
doing it right in front of you now they
they disclose it because it's right
there in the story how how many people
between the age of 18 and
34 would know that the polling method is
ridiculous by its
nature what percentage of 18 to 34 year
olds would know what I know which is
wait a minute those other polls don't do
mixing the likely voters and the
unlikely
voters maybe 5% yeah it's pure
propaganda um about
boom and why do they do it not just to
push people and influence them but
also if you plan to cheat in an election
you need some fake polls to cover
yourself so what you should expect is if
there's a plan to cheat in the election
you should see the favored polls not
close with the other polls on Election
Day this is important
normally what happens is the fake poles
uh have to close to get really close to
the other poles um because during the
year they've been just been trying to
move the needle but they have to act
like they got it right at the end or
else you'll never listen to them again
so they start out with complete obvious
 because they won't be held
accountable for let's say um any kind of
poll that was taken over the summer
they'll never be held to account the one
they'll be held to account for is the
most recent one before the election
itself it's the only one they have to
get right so if if the only thing is
happening is uh the fake pollsters are
trying to change your opinion of things
then at the end they'll all be
similar
but suppose it's obvious that Trump is
up by I don't know five which would be a
lot
they're going to need some fake polls
that go fake all the way to the end zone
they're going to have to tell some
company look we're going to have to have
some poll that agrees with the actual
outcome after we rig it hypothetically
hypothetically so if you see at the end
that there's a bunch of pollsters who
tightened up with all the ones that you
could trust and they have about the same
on the but there's still like like maybe
three to five polls because there are
lots of them three to five lesser known
polls that don't have you know 40 Years
of business that they're trying to
protect they kind of recently appeared
oh you know the famous uh axios
generation lab survey you've all heard
of no Gallop will probably be
close rasmason will probably be close
the ones you've heard of and you could
you know say off the top of your head
traler probably be
close and my guess is the ones you
haven't heard of like the exos
generation lab survey of 18 to 34 year
olds something like that could still be
an outlier by the election day and then
if the election results go let's say
unexpectedly you can say well how
unexpected was it we had these three
polls that nailed
it maybe the other pollsters did a bad
job that's what they'll say
so keep an eye on
that CBS is reporting that economists
see a brighter outlook for
2024 huh who does CBS want to win the
election
Biden what would help him win the
election the
economy what would tell people that the
economy is good even if they think it
isn't a story in
CBS anybody see the pattern yet yeah now
if you want the economy to look good you
talk about GDP you talk about
hiring and uh maybe even wage
growth um and what
else uh maybe something about I don't
know Chinese manufacturing I don't know
if you want the economy to look bad you
say spending is under control and we're
on a doom
spiral which one is
true both both true so we have an
economy where you can just cherry-pick
what you want to
see and it's either the best economy
we've seen in a long time yeah Biden or
we're on a doom
spiral which one's
true and if you asked AI how's the
economy how would it possibly answer
that question if it got it wrong it'd be
reprogrammed yeah but you know the debt
question is trickier than than we
think because in my opinion we were
doomed when the national debt reached $1
trillion like oh we can't handle that
and then when it got to like five
trillion I'm like well I mean we're five
times more doomed than we were before I
guess it's
over by 10
trillion I I was looking for another
country by 15 trillion I thought oh my
God there's no way we'll ever recover
this I'd better start stocking up on uh
on
bitcoin at about 20
trillion I thought do I not understand
anything about anything how is this even
possible at 30
trillion 30 times more than I thought
was the end of the
world I started wondering if anything is
true maybe debt isn't even
real I don't know I honestly don't know
I do know that the national debt is not
like a regular
debt if if you had a debt that was that
big compared to your income you'd have
to go bankrupt but a country doesn't
have to and if our GDP keepes
growing and in theory the only thing
we'd have to do is grow our GDP faster
than the debt and we could grow out of
it but who gets to decide if we're
growing fast enough Liars Liars get to
to decide if we're growing fast enough
because we never agree on you know
what's the GDP really or even what the
debt is
really so I don't really understand I
have no
idea I I have no idea if we have a good
economy or a bad economy I have a degree
in economics and I have an NBA and I
will tell you plainly and as honestly as
I can I don't know I don't
know I really don't
know
yeah I some people say that our debt is
not worse than uh Japan's was at one
point and they survived so I guess I
guess nobody understands how any of this
works or maybe somebody understands that
they're not telling us well Arizona came
one step closer to making fenal death uh
related deaths into a murder
charge so the idea would be if you catch
a big dealer probably not the small one
uh well even a small one if you sold
somebody a drug and they died because it
was fenel and they didn't know it was
fenel then maybe you could go to drug
for jail for
murder now yeah there's a little bit of
a slippery slope issue to this right uh
you don't want to convict people for
murder for just some you know related
activity so you know you worry that
maybe this could be abused but the first
thing that I would do if uh they get
away with this and somebody gets
convicted of murder because they simply
allowed fenel to be given to
somebody couldn't you put Biden in jail
for the same thing and and the
CIA if the CIA and Biden are allowing
fenel which obviously they are because
they're not trying very hard to stop it
um couldn't they be accused of
murder if if we were to learn so we
learned you know the New York Times
reported that the CIA had been working
in Ukraine since 2014 or
so now suppose you found out the same
thing about fenel suppose you found out
that the CIA had been working with the
cartels and for that reason they allowed
the cartel to operate a little more
Freer than you would normally expect our
government would be okay with what what
if that came to be true would that mean
that the ad of the CIA should be guilty
of
murder mass murder actually what about
Biden by obviously not trying to close
the border and also even more obviously
opening it up I mean actively working
hard to open it up is he not guilty of
murder I would like to see um some red
State uh bring up charges for murder for
Biden uh and
mayorcas and maybe maybe we have to wait
until they're out of office but get to
you know get it get it going just start
it up now would the same problem happen
with Trump probably not because the only
thing it would take for me to be
satisfied is that somebody was obviously
trying to fix it even if they failed
just obviously try that would be good
enough for me but if you're obviously
doing the opposite you're obviously
trying to make it easier for the fentel
to come in and that's the case right now
that seems like
murder who disagrees with me
philosophically yeah I I know that
actually making a murder would be pretty
big hurdle but who disagrees
philosophically that Biden has murdered
100,000
people he has I would say that uh
probably Biden has personally murdered a
100,000 people now he's probably killed
what a million ukrainians so far what
what is Biden's death toll maybe 50
200,000 fentel
deaths um and maybe a million
[Music]
ukrainians so how in the world is that
not something you could try in a red
state is there no red State who can say
you obviously killed 10,000 people in my
state so I'm going to put you up for
murder
charges I don't know
I think it's an interesting
question um so R McDaniels stepping down
from the chair of the
Republican
RNC and V uh said uh he he just
retweeted the uh reposted it and said
good
morning good morning now you might know
that V was the loudest voice for
replacing ra with somebody who would be
better at fundraising or better at
something
and he got his
way now who do he think is going to be
vice
president to me it looks like VI did it
do you think that somebody else made
that
happen I think that was vake all the
way because I don't remember other
people who have any clout talking about
it too much I don't recall the other
people really making a big deal about it
but he made a big deal about it it was
like Central to his campaign and then it
happened now we remember that Trump was
supporting her and in order for her to
lose that
support um probably two things had to
happen number one Romney
retiring I'm just going to put that out
there is that a thing do you think that
Romney because she is uh related to
Romney
right what's her relationship ship to
Romney niece yes Romney's niece do you
think that Romney being a senator gave
her some cover for that
job I don't know maybe but so robney
leaving and then R stepping down might
be a
coincidence but given that uh Trump seem
satisfied with her at least based on his
public comments it feels like thees
view Maybe percolated to the you know
the view of the
candidate so if that's what happened and
I think that this is probably a smart
move I mean it sounds like a smart move
um that would be one more example where
Trump listening to V turned out well
would you agree would you see it that
way is your interpretation that if
that's what happened that's unconfirmed
but if Trump was swayed by V
and it it required swaying Trump in
order for the other Republicans to be
swayed does it look like Trump and VI
already worked productively to solve a
thing it does when when V and Trump
visited uh
melee from Argentina together they were
of course boosting a message about how
you know a politician can balance the
budget because M did it in just weeks he
balanced his whole budget which is
beyond incredible really it's just so
amazing so do you think that VI and
Trump accomplish something as a team by
the two of them visiting with
M how much did you love that first of
all you know Trump embraced him but
secondly the the news picked up uh V
talking about an obscure economic not
obscure if you're into Economist what do
he say um
Hayek and Euro whatever so they they
have different economists that they they
like to look at so just just hold that
in your
mind Trump was the
leader who said you know talking to mle
is going to look good well it was
obvious but V it was Von mises versus
Hayek yeah was that was it so
V made that meeting of substance if it
had just been Trump talking to another
politician even if they agreed it would
be a different
story but as soon as you inject
V and they're having a conversation
about misus versus you know uh
Hayek uh Von mes versus haek as soon as
you inject that into it it's a whole
different story now it's the story about
our smartest
people talking to somebody who made
something
work and you know maybe being a able to
promote that to our country as something
that can work and then putting it
into
motion so yeah uh in my
opinion the has already improved Trump's
messaging this is just speculation but I
believe he's probably the one who either
supported or suggested that the Revenge
he's talking about is
Success that feels like don't know but
if feels like them working productively
to make Trump more than Trump was
before then you add the mle meeting all
plus then maybe the Ron McDonald thing
and again I'm speculating on all this I
don't have any inside
knowledge I don't
know I've never seen a clearer
indication of of who should be the vice
president have
you have you ever seen a more obvious
clear indication
of where things should
go doesn't mean they'll go there there
now I remind you there's nothing harder
than predicting the vice president
Choice nothing harder so if I get it
wrong uh and you you'll be mocking me
mercilessly and that's fine but I'm
going to remind you that it's the
hardest challenge it's the hardest one
so just remember that if I get to right
by some reason you know some stretch it'
be more impressive right that ladies and
gentlemen is all I wanted to say today
and the greatest live stream you're
going to see Ever sorry I went a little
long I'll let you get back to your
Monday thanks for joining on X and
Rumble and YouTube appreciate all the
comments thanks for joining see you
tomorrow