bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum
good to see you Jackie come on in here
grab a seat
do you have your coffee good to see you
birthday Andrew James what a delight to
have you all here again what a day what
a day
it's an incredible day because we're all
alive well most of you are alive a
couple of zombies in there but most of
us are alive what a great day and we're
going to enjoy something called this
simultaneous ship and all you need to
enjoy it
there's a cover of our glasses time the
chalice a tankard a thermos of Lysa you
can see the Grail the goblet the vessel
shell it with your favorite liquid I am
partial to coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure the dopamine
the end of the day the best part of your
day that makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous set go oh I
don't think it's hyperbole to say that's
the best sip of the day am i right think
I'm right well let me summarize all of
the news are you ready here now my
summary of all of the news everything
that's in the neighbors Ukraine Ukraine
Ukrainian Ukrainian Ukraine Trump Biden
trumpeting trumpeting Ukraine Ukraine
Ukraine Trump Biden and seen alright
let's give him some interesting details
I was reading a article by Mike Goodwin
he was writing about the president I
guess he spent the day hanging out with
the president and wrote an article about
him and one of the most interesting
parts of the article is that Trump is
enjoying all of us when I say all of
this I mean all the the drama the
fighting
the rumors the scandals the Ukrainians
mr. that the re-election Trump is just
sort of having fun because he likes the
fight and he admitted that he was quoted
as saying that it must be a personality
defect
so that's Trump talking about himself
you say you must have a personality
defect because he's enjoying himself I
thought that's like just the best way to
put it because as we observe his life
it's easy to say man I don't know if I'd
like any of that he's getting he's
taking fire from everywhere all the time
but on the other hand he is the most
important person in the world so that
balances it down a little bit but I
wanted to contrast that so you've got
Trump fighting for reelection and from
what we can see it honestly looks like
he loves it when when I visited him a
year ago in the Oval Office I got to
chat with the president for a little bit
my my largest overall impression was
that he was enjoying himself that would
that was actually my personal takeaway
was I think he's enjoying us it looks
like he was completely comfortable and
just looked like he was exactly where he
wanted to be President of the United
States
so contrast that to Joe Biden does Joe
Biden look like he wants to be running
for president think about it he looks
like he hates it if you saw the
interview with him I think it was
yesterday where he was lashing out as
the news says he's lashing out
well melting down depending on which
which network you're watching Biden was
either laughing out at Trump or he was
melting down it was all the same thing
but you know you're too booby situation
but look at look at Biden the next time
he's giving an interview and ask
yourself if he wants to be there he so
doesn't want to be there now of course I
can't read his mind so you know be
careful about anybody interpreting other
people's thoughts because we can't know
his thoughts but he sure acts like he
doesn't want to be there
Trump acts like he could do this forever
like it's his favorite day every time he
wakes up when you see Trump talking to
the press before he gets up the
helicopter tell me he doesn't look like
he's having a good time he looks like
he's having fun and don't think that
doesn't matter because when you're
running for re-election do you want to
vote for the guy who doesn't want to be
there it's harder it makes a difference
tethers that let's talk a little bit
more about to Joe Biden
so Trump is starting to use the word
pillaging he says the Biden's are
pillaging other comes they're pillaging
other countries I thought to myself when
do you ever get to use the word pillage
in an actual political conversation has
anybody ever used that before might be
the first time anybody's ever said
pillaged and what's funny is you hear
the word as it's such a non-standard
word for you know ordinary political
conversation it's such a non-standard
word and then you hear it pillage and
you think well that's not too far off
right yeah given that the average I
think the average annual income in
Ukraine is like or monthly is like three
hundred dollars a month so the average
income in Ukraine is three hundred
dollars a month and hunter Biden was
taking fifty thousand dollars a month
from this oil company and I don't think
it mmm that's a little pillow G a little
bit just a little bit pillow G all right
here I'm gonna tell you something
this give it you're gonna hate it I'm
gonna tell you something that's obvious
and invisible at the same time that's
what's fun about it all right
so when I tell you this you can say oh
that's true and it's obvious but only
after you told me it's something you
already know but you're acting like
you don't know it hey ready what's
what's the biggest objection to Hunter
Biden taking a role on the board of
directors of an oil company the biggest
objection besides the fact that there's
a conflict of interest the biggest
objection is that he's not qualified
right people on the Left say it people
on the right say it they say he has no
prior experience in the oil industry so
why is he on the board of directors
alright that's the part you know here's
the part of you also now but for some
reason it is temporarily invisible to
your brain you ready
that just described most board members
of most companies a complete lack of
experience in the company that you're on
the board of that's normal that's a
normal situation see what it's doing to
your head right now because you know
that you've seen you see the million
boards of directors you know that people
are put on from completely different
industries completely different
experience right now how do you feel
about the fact that for weeks you've
been told that this is an unusual
situation both sides both sides said
this is an unusual situation it's the
most usual situation that somebody would
know experienced in that specific
industry as a board member in fact
you're gonna hate this that's sometimes
why they do it sometimes why you do it
just to put somebody with a different
level kind of experience you know onto
the board because they might bring
something else they might have some
related experience that could have some
you know impact maybe they know people
now suppose it's hunter Biden and you
say to yourself hey I think the only
reason they put them on the board is
because he might have good contacts to
which I say that's normal if you're a
startup in Silicon Valley and you want
to add somebody to your board do you do
you number one make sure that some
who has expertise in your industry no no
you don't do that if that person has
contacts that you think could be useful
in the future like cats going crazy over
there if you think a person has contacts
that will be useful could be for funding
could be for marketing could be for some
important other corporate contact you
you would certainly want them on your
board yeah and somebody saying diversity
that's another reason you it is not
unusual to add diversity to a board so
what we're talking about hunter Biden
let's say you're over in the Ukraine and
you think you might want to have
contacts in the United States who would
be a good choice to be on your board who
would have contacts of the United States
entre Biden apparently he has lots of
contacts in the United States so here's
the thing
when you hear the news reporting that
it's crazy because he doesn't have any
expertise in the industry that my
friends there's an example of loser
think now let me this is my new book
that will is available now for pre-order
it's drop in a few weeks and November
5th you can order it now let me define
loser think loser think does not say
that the person who's doing the thinking
is a loser
alright so loser think is not about the
person it's about a style of thinking
that's not productive and specifically
it's because you may not have experience
across different areas so in this
specific example if you had experience
in business and you heard that somebody
was put on a board of directors got a
lot of money and did not have experience
in that industry what would you say if
you have my experience I've been in a
lot of companies I've looked for boards
of directors so I've had that I've had
to get board Board of Directors and
advisers and stuff people like me say oh
that's not that unusual
people who don't have that experience
are often in the news business so the
news business is people don't
necessarily have business experience and
would it seem unusual to them
there's somebody with no experience is
on a board it might because that's the
way they're reporting so the point of
loser think is that if you haven't been
at least a little bit exposed you don't
have to be an expert but if you haven't
seen a little bit about how economists
think and historians think how
psychologist thinks etc you would be
ill-equipped to analyze the world and so
I fill in some of those gaps with some
of the main thematic elements from the
various fields so you can tell where
your blind spot is the thing that keeps
you in a little bubble is usually you've
got some blind spots there's just some
things that you can't see because you
don't have the kind of experience that
would give you visibility just like this
board number thing you wouldn't have the
visibility now let me say I'm not
defending hunter Biden I'm just saying
that the fact that he has no experience
should be viewed as completely normal
for a board member but you know if he
has contacts in the United States that's
actually a good reason that was the
perfectly good reason to add somebody to
a board hey we need better contacts in
the United States who do you got how
about the vice president son he knows a
lot of people don't that said is it
ethical well that's another question
isn't it certainly it gives the
impression of conflict of interest but
let me go to another topic here which is
Joe Biden defending himself I I think it
was yesterday maybe it was a day before
he was interviewed and about you know
whatever Trump is accusing him of and
the Ukraine situation here are the exact
quotes from Joe Biden defending himself
from accusations of pillaging
quote there's no indication of any
conflict of interest what there's no
indication of any conflicts of interest
while you were vice president and
Ukraine was part of your portfolio your
son took a very high-paid position
connected to oligarchs that's the very
definition of the appearance of conflict
of interest which is different from
actually acting in a way that's you know
bad for the country or something but the
indication of any conflict of interest I
don't think that could be more obvious
that's actually something everybody
agrees on that we're all looking at the
same thing he was vice president his son
took a job with the country how do you
not call that at least an indication of
conflict of interest here's what people
who are not guilty say there's a more
like there was no conflict of interest
we never acted it in any way that would
that would be concerning if you're
innocent you say nothing happened if you
are guilty you're more likely to say
there's no indication of any conflict of
interest you D personalize it here's a
little trick for identifying liars
somebody telling the truth will say I
didn't do a damn thing you won't you
know there's nothing I did that is even
close to being conflict of interest
that's what an honest person says
somebody lying to you will say there's
no indication of conflict of interest
they de personalize it and they say
here's another thing this is an actual
quote from Joe Biden also on the same
day within like a minute or so of the
other comment he said there's not a
shred of evidence
anything has been done wrong I've
actually taught you literally if you've
followed my periscopes that when
somebody says I didn't do it they might
be telling the truth they might be lying
but they might be telling the truth so I
didn't do it that did not happen that
sounds like an honest person here's what
a liar sounds like consistently you'll
see this type of answer from the liar
what kind of evidence do you have what
do you know I haven't seen any evidence
of it nobody has seen any evidence that
I've done anything you can't prove that
I you can't prove that I did something
wrong that's how all guilty people talk
now let me back up there I I said that's
how all guilty people talk this is not
the kind of rule that you want to you
know send somebody to the the gas
chamber for like I can't claim that this
is a hundred percent accurate but I can
claim I've never seen it be inaccurate
and so there's a little bit of an
anecdotal though there's a lot of
anecdotal flavor to what I just said
but over my entire life in the
situations that I've monitored in which
somebody has talked like this the
evidence seems insufficient when you do
find out for sure what was the truth the
people who talk about the evidence are
almost always lying the people who say
damn it I didn't do a thing those people
might be telling you the truth they
might be just better Liars but that's
what you're looking for if if somebody
if somebody makes an appeal to the lack
of evidence
that's not a good sign so and then Biden
also did the you know meltdown got angry
etc and and honestly there's just no way
to there's no way to soften us he
doesn't look mentally competent even
when he was answering the questions
everybody can see it at this point I
think am I wrong
don't you think Democrats can see it you
know you have to be careful because your
our perceptions are being filtered
through our own biases now to most of
the people who would
and time on this periscope you're
probably probably saying to yourself
yeah it's totally obvious but it's not
remember it's not gonna be as obvious to
the people who are his supporters those
people are bias toward not seeing it and
don't because he obviously has lots of
support in the polls my guess this is
just a guess that the Biden support is
probably now almost entirely people who
aren't paying attention because remember
he's got he still got the name
recognition and he's got the Obama
connection etc I feel as though Joe
Biden doesn't have any support any from
people who have seen his recent news
clips because if you've seen him talking
recently you know he's not the one you
want in charge I think you'd know that
no but again regardless of policy
regardless of what you think of
President Trump those would be
independent questions anybody who sees
Joe Biden talking in public recently
they couldn't possibly think that that
looks like he's got his full faculties
as he did when he was younger there's
just no way you could see it that way so
I really think that Biden's support is
consistent with the number of people who
don't pay attention and if he just
called somebody who wasn't paying
attention said I got sixteen names three
of them you've heard of one of them's
Biden and you know maybe one of them's
Biden and one of them's Bernie and maybe
you like Biden better and that's
probably the whole thing I don't think I
don't think there's any real support as
in people who have been paying attention
for Biden but Trump is taking amount so
effectively that I don't think you have
to worry about Biden getting nominated
let's talk about Bernie so remember I
told you the cat's on the roof joke you
know if there's a job I will tell you
the whole joke but the joke is that
somebody's cat died but you don't want
to break it to them right away so the
first day say your cat's on the roof and
you say you're trying to get it down and
next day you say oh the cat got injured
when we tried to get it down and and
then that later say the cat died uh-huh
and the reason is you sort of you get
people softened up for the idea so that
they're ready for it when it comes you
don't want to just abruptly say oh you
can't died your cat died too shocking
so then we're watching this Bernie goes
into the hospital and the first thing we
hear is I always got a little you know
you didn't feel good so he went in and
they gave him a couple of steps it's a
simple operation he'll be back in the
trail tomorrow and I thought to myself
huh got a couple of stents simple
operation be back at his feet in a
couple days that doesn't sound so bad
today the campaign said well was a heart
attack
there's a little heart attack he'll be
back in a couple days yeah I got a
couple of steps there's just a little
bit of a heart attack he'll be right
back to work good to go cats on the roof
let me ask you this how would you feel
yes if Bernie had been elected let's say
he had been gotten the nomination over
Clinton and got elected he would be the
sitting president right now with a heart
attack who's his vice president it
batters doesn't it
who's Bernie's vice president in the
hypothetical scenario they he'd won the
last election because he's president
right now right Bernie's president right
now for three days somebody else was
president maybe more right because while
he was semi incapacitated presumably the
vice president would have stepped in who
was it
we don't know because he never got to
pick one but that's who would have been
your president for three days maybe
longer because we don't know what else
Bernie's got going on right he's at that
age where things can sneak up on you
kind of suddenly
so if you're Bernie and you're running
for president now after a heart attack
can you run for president without
telling us who your vice presidential
pick is gonna be I have a time now it's
traditionally they wait right they
always wait Bernie can't do that anymore
because if you're voting for Bernie
you're kind of also voting for a vice
president who has a higher than normal
chance of being the president during
Bernie's term you know and what if and
if you talk about a second term now
here's the other thing do you want to
elect a president who you would not want
to elect for a second term and you know
that when you elect them the first time
do we do that do you want a president
who can't make it to terms if they're
doing well that's that's uh why would
you do that because it seems like
there's so much advantage of having an
incumbent who's learned the job to just
do a second term if they've done a good
job in the first term you're happy
enough that's a good situation the
second term president it can be can be a
good situation but with Bernie do you
get even the option of a second term not
now because I think the heart attack
closes down in your mind the options of
a second term yes possible I mean
anything's possible but in your mind
you're sort of ruling that out so would
you ever vote for a candidate who's not
really a two-term possibility not really
probably not all right so I think Bernie
is done with the campaign but we hope he
goes on to live a long and healthy life
and again I have great respect for
Bernie on a whole bunch of levels not
policies not a big fan of his specific
policies but you gotta like Bernie on a
lot of different levels right he's got a
lot of character fight I don't
spunkiness I think he wants what's best
for the country in his opinion
I like the diversity of thought I like
the fact that you know his views are so
different I like the fact that he moved
the Democrats I like the fact that he
changed the conversation I've said for a
long time that I think a huge mistake
that the Republicans make is to not
adopt Bernie's goal of complete health
care because if you're a Republican you
can adopt the goal at the same time you
can say we don't know how to get there
right away
I think that would be fair you say we
too would like everybody to have good
health care and good health care
insurance and I have to pay as a
Republican you should be able to say
that out loud and often and just say but
we're trying to get there you know it's
just it's not easy we're doing it our
way by improving the economy getting
people working where they can get health
care and there were some announcement
the president made a tweeted I think I'd
wait for a fact check on this one but he
said that Medicare Advantage I think
that's where the Medicare folks can buy
little extra insurance for the little
extra care the price actually came down
for the first time in 13 years I think I
have that fact right now I would check
that fact because maybe somebody else is
going to come in and say that there's
something wrong with the fact but he's
reporting so the Republicans do have a
way to inch their way towards something
like full coverage I think they should
adopt Bernie's goal one everybody
covered the president has said that but
I just think you wish you you shouldn't
be embarrassed and wanting to take care
of everybody the fact that you don't
know how that's just the fact you're
working on it
don't know how to get there quickly all
right see you then did the worst case of
the worst case of what about ISM that
you'll ever see all right so the news is
all about
Biden and entre Biden
and that you know their alleged conflict
of interest over in Ukraine
so CNN tries to run a what about what
about Trump's kids story and here's the
best they came up with this is their
best what about ISM well the Trump
children mostly I think Eric and Don jr.
are running the Trump Organization and
the Trump organizations making
international deals what
how are those the same those don't those
don't even sounds like slightly similar
one is a multinational corporation
that's been operating for decades and
they took over and they're just doing
what they do operating an international
corporation that obviously has you know
deals in different places goes somebody
says it's worse to you jerk goodbye so
and they didn't I thought it was gonna
go into some kind of detail I thought it
was gonna be and you know and one of
them signed this deal or that deal with
kim jeong-hoon or something I thought it
was gonna be some wild specific story
and it turned out to be a generic story
that it turns out that Eric and Don jr.
have jobs that's about it yeah
and those Trump children they work hard
and they have jobs for an international
corporation I don't know that wasn't the
best what about ISM I've seen yeah I'm
kind of a me and then there was also the
you know this stuff about Ivanka had a
deal or something but there's some kind
of a shoe deal and so I forget which
pundit was laughing about it and saying
Ivanka know shoes
you know that's sort of like you know a
sort of a perfect fit you know fashion
shoes clothing so but I think I thought
Ivanka was closing down some part of her
outside business so I don't know the
deal is there but it seems obvious to me
that whatever the Trump kids are doing I
call them kids they're all obviously not
children but all the all the Trump kids
seem to be doing just doing a good job
doing their jobs because otherwise we'd
know about it I think there's no chance
we wouldn't know about it if there was
some problem there interesting little
story Elizabeth Warren had to get rid of
a top campaign ad for quote
inappropriate behavior and so I read the
article trying to find out what that
inappropriate behavior was and couldn't
find it well apparently all kinds of
inappropriate behavior from a male a
member of Elizabeth Warren staff all
kinds of inappropriate behavior so she
got rid of them so let me recap let me
recap the the news of the week news of
the week President Trump uh gets a three
point five percent unemployment rate the
best in 50 years okay so that was the
president Trump news Joe Biden has a
meltdown and he's pillaging Ukraine
that's that was the Biden news the
birdie news is he had a heart attack
while he was campaigning and the
Elizabeth Warren news and this is like
the only news this week is she had to
fire a top campaign ad for inappropriate
behavior and it's sort of better that
you don't know what it is because if it
was just me to stuff I feel like they
would just say that wouldn't they say
there was some harassment claim or
something so they're not saying that
which is hilarious because it allows you
to then to imagine whatever the
inappropriate behavior was and sure you
mind will go to whatever's the word
thing I won't tell you where mine my
mind went because I'll let you have your
own but we're all we're all imagining
this whole this whole portfolio of bad
behavior and we're ascribing it to this
Warren you know high level a Don the
campaign and we don't even know what he
did but it sounds extra terrible because
they won't tell us inappropriate
behavior
I think he actually ain't a baby he
might be the first Democrat to actually
eat a baby to save us from climate
change alright
this is what this was Biden's big
concern when he got all he got a little
meltdown he when he was talking about
Trump they were asking questions about
Ukraine and Biden said he was concerned
his main concern about Trump is that
Trump would do something stupid before
he leaves office and and that he's
unhinged so if all the things that Biden
could say about Trump the best thing he
could come up with in in a press
conference was that Trump might do
something stupid before he leaves office
do you know who else might do something
stupid
everybody everybody what kind of what
kind of a complaint is that then he
might do something stupid
he's been there three years you don't
have that one thing to complain
about Joe Biden the president has been
the president three years the only thing
you have to complain about is that he
might in some unspecified way do
something bad in the future are you
kidding me are you kidding me that's the
best you got
you've been practicing to run for
president you're running for president
it's your full-time job and you can't
come up with anything that the President
did for the last three years that you
want to criticize the best you could do
is he might do something bad in the
future are you kidding me
that was that is hilariously incompetent
the president enjoying his making
trouble for the Democrats I don't think
there's anything more fun for Trump than
having multiple Democrats as enemies
because he he can pick them out
individually and go after Biden for
example you know he can pick them off
because there's so many Democrats he's
fighting against at the same time so you
know for everything from already elected
people like Pelosi to people running for
office some of them already elected to
but running for president so he's got
all these targets like he wakes up every
morning is like oh look at this
target list man I'm gonna have fun today
Bing nickname Bing Bing Bing Bing he
goes down the list but my favorite one
was he's he's creating the frame that
Pelosi is just a puppet of a oversee and
that also the squad is sort of just
tagging along with a oversee so he calls
the squad a oversee plus 3 because he's
minimizing the other three and basically
saying well they're just the plus three
it's really a Oh see now and then he
also says he referred in the tweet he
said along with Pelosi and her boss AOC
so so Trump is calling a OC Pelosi is
boss now he's doing at the same time
that a or C had this embarrassing
situation with the troll who was
complaining about we need to eat babies
you know all about that one so I love
the president promoting AOC above the
other Democrats now I have to tell you
there's a there's a risk with the
strategy it's very clever because it
gets you arguing about whether a or C or
Pelosi is in charge presumably it gets
under Pelosi skin which of course is the
point of it Pelosi does a good job of
getting under Trump's skin you know in
in the give-and-take ways so Pelosi does
a good she gives as good as she gets
I have to say
she's very well respected in terms of
being an operator and a strategist but
watching the president put a UC and Parc
and Pelosi against each other in public
it's and then he calls policies that do
nothing Democrat and he puts it in quote
leader
eople leader in quotes leader with a
receiver boss he's so good at this of
just getting in their heads all right so
while you were all distracted by Ukraine
the President issued a proclamation now
I don't even know what that means to you
what the hell is a proclamation the
President issued a proclamation is that
like an executive order what the hell is
a proclamation I don't know is it
binding is a is there such a thing as a
binding presidential proclamation I
don't mean no does anybody know but he
ordered he issued a proclamation maybe
he's just making this stuff up as he
goes suspending entry into the US of I
hate this word aliens do you hate that
word as much as I do
calling people who want to you know come
to this country aliens I freaking hate
that word
why aren't we a whole country of
immigrants you know in in some sense
passed or or a current you know
immigrant at least is somewhat
descriptive it's like you you were
someplace and you went someplace else so
you're an immigrant I don't love that
word but I don't hate it but alien
that's do you have the same do you have
the same response that that calling
somebody who wants to come and be an
American in most cases you know
sometimes they just want to work here
and enjoy the country sometimes they
want to be the country they want to be
Americans and to call somebody an alien
I just hate the word just the word but
anyway you said he
so the proclamation says that aliens
have to financially show that they can
financially take care of their own
health care so they have 30 days to
prove that they can afford health care
and they'll take care of it and I
thought the president is really chipping
away at a lot of different things he's
just taking a little little piece here
little piece there and you say to
yourself well okay that little piece is
not the hill I'm gonna die on even if
you're on the other side of that issue
you might say to yourself well alright
you know I'm a favor of immigration but
it does make sense that people you know
should pay their own way for health care
because why would I pay for it so you
can imagine that there are enough
Democrats who look at that and go there
is the president again oh that's that's
not that's not terrible because I would
think this would apply to you know every
ethnicity and religion this this doesn't
seem to be discriminating except by
income which we accept as being fairly
standard you know the world
discriminates by income all the time
because poor people can't buy the same
things as rich people so it's a very
discriminatory world on incomes and so
the president is discriminating a little
bit more on essentially income by
requiring that you'd be able to afford
your own health care insurance if you
come to this country under a visa so
that's like a win right for the
president you might not like the like
that or you do but in terms of what he's
trying to do for his supporters that
looks like a wimp you had a good week
all right
I believe that brings me to the end of
my prepared statements I will remind you
again as my publisher reminds me every
day that you should know about my book
loser thing now let me tell you what
this book will do for the conversation I
talk about a lot of the techniques
you're going to see on social media and
in the news in other words the bad
arguments that people make the the
arguments have blind spots and and
they're missing they're just missing
something so I talked about those and
those and the technique for getting
people out of their little bubble so you
can get yourself out of your bubble if
you're in one and most of us are and if
it can help you get other people out of
your bubble I will say in the interest
of full humility there are no ideas of
this book in terms of how to think
better that I have not done wrong myself
and continues to do wrong so it's not a
book where I tell you how to be smart
it's a book where I confess that I've
made all of these mistakes and I hope
you that you will learn from my
experience as well so bye loser think
it's the best book in the world I just
saw that the business and humor category
has I think four four books on it they
have something to do with me what oh by
the way new Dilbert book is them to book
of Dilbert comics in case you missed
anything it's all here
xxx believe it or not thirty years so
you got all that going on all right
Washington Post op-ed said we're looking
at the wrong movie yeah have you seen
how often the two movies thing is is
being discussed everywhere
seekers are visitors to our country well
they are visitors that is true unless
they overstay so there's a lot of people
overstay so the the visa people somebody
is correcting me here the visa people
are not people who are coming here to
live forever but they might be coming
here to to work and live as Americans do
but on a visa what am i doing the
periscope with Christina so that won't
be that'll be a separate thing it won't
be the morning set but Christine and I
are preparing for it we have a couple of
little elements we're pulling together
and then we're going to do something fun
and separately somebody says describe my
gym workout well if you have read my
book out of failed almost everything and
still would big you'll know that I use a
system for fitness not some specific set
of steps and by a system I mean that I
concentrate primarily on my mind because
if you get your mind right your fitness
will take care of itself and the way I
get my mind right is that I make sure I
enjoy working out on a regular basis or
at least being active even if I don't
work out that day and so I make sure
that I enjoy it it's fun I give myself a
protein shake in a little downtime
afterwards I go to the I go to a nice
gym because I like the ambience and I
have more energy if other people are
working out so all I do for my fitness
is make sure that what I'm done
exercising that day that I make sure
that I've done something fun enough or
enjoyable enough that I'm gonna want to
do it again now sometimes the exercise
itself puts you in a good frame of mind
and that's enough but I don't over
exercise and then hurt myself and then
not want to do it the next day the whole
game is to want to do it tomorrow if you
get that right all of the details of
your workouts you'll just figure that on
overtime
you'll you'll add diversity to your
workout because you get bored
you'll learn tips because you see other
people at the gym you start talking
about it people say hey if you try this
so the specifics of it you want to build
up over time you know building technique
you know and find out what works for you
etcetera because what works for you is
gonna be different than what other
people do alright so just some specifics
because people asked I always do weights
so weights are always part of my
exercise not every day but I try to do
it several times a week and then some
cardio that's not too bad for my joints
basically I usually like the stair
machines the automatic stair machines
but everybody's different you should not
take my model as your model except that
you probably should add weight and
resistant trade training and some cardio
into your routine so that's all you need
to know well everything I do weights
wise is adjusted for age so there are
things I would have done at 20 that I'm
not going to do in my current age so
somebody was talking about pull-ups and
push-ups not at my age you know at at 25
you know you wouldn't want to be in a
you know pull-up competition with me
because I probably would win but at my
current age I try to make sure I'm not
hurting myself so I put a very high
premium on avoiding injury because at my
age if you vote if you have an injury
you lose two weeks of exercise you can
really you can imagine you'd get to the
point where you just say yeah I'm done
with exercising I'll just write out my
rest of my time on this world and I
think a lot of people do that I think
people get to the point where they
overlap I think I'm done with exercising
I just reached that age I don't think
you should ever do that system if I keep
looking for a new job won't I look bad
to future employers with job hopping
nope
no you will not I would not worry about
job hopping for even one second why
because the unemployment rate is 3.5%
I'm assuming this question is coming
from somebody working here in America if
your job if the employment rate is 3.5%
use your power your power is that
employers want you more than you need
that at the moment so assume depending
on what your skill set is that's
probably true so know there was a time
in the past and the old days that I
think job hopping would look bad but if
you job hop to a better job it's because
you have more qualifications if you're
an employer and you're holding it
against somebody who's rising to the
level of their skill what's wrong with
you don't work for that guy or woman if
your boss isn't actively hoping you you
get a better job or a better situation
even if you leave get another boss in my
brief time when I was a boss in the
corporate world I had a small group I
was managing one of my principles I had
two principles one of them was I had
more than that but to that I'm going to
talk about one of them was that
everybody had to be learning something
all the time
so I would tell my people I don't care
what you're learning it doesn't have to
even be relevant to this specific job
but as a lifetime practice you should be
learning something all the time and
ideally something useful but you should
always be learning because when we're
learning were we're sort of optimized as
as humans a learning human is the
perfect human we're really optimized to
learn and if you're not learning you're
gonna feel incomplete in a way that you
can't quite identify so I would tell
them I will support you in whatever way
to be learning I'll teach you something
I'll help you get into a class all you
know whatever it takes but you all have
to be learning something
I don't care what it is the and then the
next thing was I would tell them that my
my personal ambition as a manager was to
promote them out of my department or to
get them a better job and I would tell
them that I'd say as long as you work
for me I'm trying to get rid of in a
good way I want you to take whatever
you're learning here and take it
somewhere else better you know your job
is to go somewhere better your job is to
leave me get some skills get some
confidence get some experience be some
people I'll give you a recommendation
I'll train you your job is to leave
because here's why I would simply take
people's personal ambitions and say I'm
not going to pretend they don't approach
I'm not going to pretend that you're not
here for your own good like I don't want
to live in the artificial world where
I'm trying to you know trick you into
staying here for my benefit you're not
working for my benefit you're working
for yourself and I can train so now it
happened to be the types of jobs were
wouldn't have been that hard to train
somebody new coming in so I had that
advantage you know I didn't I didn't
need to keep some highly trained
specialists in place and I'm baby I
would have acted differently if I needed
them for the business to succeed you
know don't leave don't leave but for
normal jobs especially these were closer
to entry-level jobs my job was to get
rid of them now I didn't say that I
wouldn't say I want to get rid of you
but what do you think happened as a
result of telling people I wanted them
to learn everyday and I was trying to
get them better jobs what do you think
the result was nobody wanted to leave I
was like the best boss ever who wants to
leave that what do you want to leave
that boss the boss was literally trying
to improve your skills until you can
leave and go get a better job somewhere
else who leaves that boss you know so
work is sort of worked
opposite of how you might expect because
people just enjoyed their situation and
so I I will state unambiguously I'm not
a good boss meaning that I'm not good
for the stockholders because I I just
can't abuse the employees the way the
stockholders need me to you know
depending on the situation so I will
never be a great boss because I can't be
mean enough when the situation calls for
it but I can certainly be a helpful boss
you wouldn't mind working for me if you
were an employee that's for sure
all right that's about all I got
all right somebody else agree somebody
else saying they they want to optimize
every employee I didn't manage up yeah
how was your drumming thanks for asking
so a few years ago I sent myself I guess
a I always say a goal because I didn't
have a specific goal but I tried to
learn the drums and it was more about
keeping a different part of my brain
active and learning into his skill and
it was fun and you know Kristina's
gifted musician so it gave us something
more to talk about
so yesterday Christina and I were out my
dream I in my garage I ended up with two
electronic drum sets one is mine
one I inherited from my stepson who's
deceased a year ago so I ended up with
two electronic drum sets and so the two
of us
Christine and I my girlfriend were in
the garage having a drum off because
she's such a good musician she she could
learn the drums sort of it in ten
minutes it's sort it's really
humiliating because she's really smart
but also very experienced with music and
she's very coordinated too you know she
just has musical coordination so she
yeah I've been practicing for months and
months and months and she just sits down
to the drums and she says
I showed me what to do and I'm like
watch this see if you can do all this
but I'll do a thing and she'll look at
me and she'd go and I'll say okay that
was a little too easy so yeah she has
the she has the gift anyway it's a lot
of fun I'm not good and never will be
don't care but it's a lot of fun there's
the name hunter evidence of the
simulation certainly makes me wonder he
was a he was more of a gatherer than a
hunter wouldn't you say
do I still play tennis and golf now I
quit tennis because I didn't like being
sore every day and I was if you play
tennis often you're kind of sore every
day golf
I haven't played I don't think I've
played since my stepson died I only
learned golf to play with him
you have something to bond over and it
doesn't feel the same anymore I think
you understand but that's all for now
every considered running a marathon I've
considered it but I'm pretty sure that
my body is not optimized for that sort
of a thing I think some people are just
built for distance some people are built
for speed I'm sort of built for speed
I'm not built for distance alright
that's all for now I'll talk to you
later