mmm-hmm
hey Kate is Joey in here already I
looked away how about the rest of you
eunuchs Raab Sharona and Matthias Sam
get on in here get on in here and grab
your coffee or your beverage of your
choice because it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams some of you may have noticed
that I did not do my periscope yesterday
there was a travel day coming back from
Utah up in the high elevations where it
is difficult to walk up stairs very hard
to breathe but forget about that because
now it's time for the simultaneous up
grab your mug your cup your vessel your
stein your container your glass fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
it's time to join me for the
simultaneous enter oh so good yes I just
spent a few days up in Utah up in the
mountains it was a ski vacation without
any of the skiing turns out the slopes
where we planned or at least Cristina
plan to ski were not opened so we stated
at a ski resort but didn't do any skiing
I have ever got a lot of work done on my
upcoming book the title of which will be
a loser thing and we're gonna be talking
about some loser thinking today so first
of all did you see that Time magazine
has named its Person of the Year its
Person of the Year as fake news
now that's not exactly what they called
it according to them was Chi shogi and
other journalists who have been killed
in other countries now the other
journalists who have been killed in
other countries that seems pretty
legitimate but can you honestly tell me
that jus shogi would have been time
Person of the Year if it had not been an
anti-trump narrative to make it so the
thing that makes fake news fake news is
that they concentrate on whatever looks
bad for the president at the expense of
all context at the expense of accuracy
at the expense of fairness at the
expense of justice so Chi shogi is sort
of the perfect example of fake news the
reason it's a world event is because of
the president literally the president is
time Person of the Year again but
instead of putting Trump on the on the
cover which would have been a compliment
they found a way to put Trump on the
cover without putting Trump on the cover
it's very clever because if you're going
to ask yourself okay who is the most
newsworthy you know thing going on
there's no there's no competition given
that Time magazine is you know their own
standard is not that the person they put
on the cover is a good character they
are not saying that whoever's on the
cover is a good person they're very
clear about that
they're saying it's whoever's the most
news making person can you really tell
me that just shogi and the murder
journalists are the number one news
makers in the past year I don't think
it's even close
there's president Trump this big this is
how much news President Roh mate this
big how much of that was Jay shogi and
the other murdered journalists maybe
this big a little bit tiny little bit in
the corner painting
so how can they how can they put Trump
on the cover without actually putting
him on the cover they do it by putting
the greatest symbol of fake news against
Trump that we've seen all year so fake
news is actually the cover of Time
magazine
but how did they do it with fake news
they used fake news to make fake news
the time cover it's kind of genius so I
tweeted this morning that it seems that
the new standard for Justice for at
least according to CNN the standard of
Justice when they're talking about the
president anyway is that you are
innocent until they accuse other people
of doing other things that's the new
standard of of guilt so according to CNN
the president is in a lot of trouble the
walls are closing in he's probably gonna
go to jail it looks like it's gonna be
some kind of impeachment the president
is in so much legal jeopardy why well
let me give you all the reasons so many
reasons there are so many reasons and to
share with you all the reasons that
President Trump is in legal jeopardy I'd
like to introduce my guest Dale Dale
would you come over here and explain to
the nice people why President Trump is
in so much trouble
gladly my old gladly explain it to you
in words that even you can understand
and it goes like this President Trump is
in deep deep legal trouble number one
people who are not President Trump did
unrelated things now if it was only one
person who did an unrelated thing well I
might say well let it go could be a
coincidence
they might just be a coincidence but
seriously folks
if lots of other people do unrelated
things that's as guilty as you could be
why because circumstantial evidence
circumstantial evidence a lot of people
don't now but I talked to a lawyer I
talked to a real lawyer and they said
the circumstantial evidence is how you
get convictions in many cases because
lots of times you don't have an
eyewitness
you need your circumstantial evidence
and so if you have lots of
circumstantial evidence about other
people doing other things you put it all
together like a puzzle all the pieces
fit you've got yourself a good case now
it might not matter that everything the
president is being accused of is an
actual crime most of them are imaginary
crimes talking to a Russia for Russian
for example is sort of an imaginary
crime going to a meeting in which the
topic of the meeting was not quite what
you thought it was it's a crime this
crime it's crime because lawyers are
circumstantial evidence and other people
did other things unrelated gotta put it
all together it's like a mosaic if you
just look at one tile well you can't
tell anything you have to put it all
together that's when the walls start
closing in oh I wish I have a second to
hand how do you do have you do walls
closing in when you only have one hand
available
that's the walls closed again folks and
seem so so what's going on is that we're
seeing the critics of the president go
absolute bonkers about things which
aren't crimes but if he had done
something which he didn't do and if that
thing had been a crime he would go to
jail you know this is a standard which
you could apply to let's say mother
Teresa mother Teresa as far as I know
did not commit any crimes but did she
ever know anybody who committed crimes
yes she did oh yeah I'll bet you mother
Teresa has at one time or another when
she was live associated with somebody
who had committed crimes and so the
walls are closing in on that Saint let
me tell you secondly she did a lot of
things that were not crimes but here's
the important but if they had been
crimes she would be guilty as hell you
get that right I mean I don't think we
can give her a free pass just because
everything she did was legal you have to
look at the fact that if those things
that mother Teresa did weren't legal and
instead they were completely different
things there were illegal and and she
had done those things jail time am i
right am i right how does not everybody
see that how is that not obvious to all
the Trump supporters that if you do
things that are different from what
you've done and those other things you
didn't
you are criminal you're going to get
punished it's common sense so I tweeted
around an interesting little piece from
CNN
so CNN did a little video to mock the
climate deniers to to tell them what
they keep getting wrong here are some
things the CNN pointed out as what the
climate deniers get wrong number one
they confuse weather and client and
climate which of within the right by the
way a lot of the climate deniers say
it's cold outside today therefore no
global warming which is ridiculous
because the climate alarmists do not
claim that the temperature will only go
up they claim it might be lower some
places and higher some places but that
overall it's going up so so far so far a
good point
secondly they say that the climate
deniers who say wait a minute
the climate is always changing it's
always going up where it's always going
down are not making a good point because
the complaint is that the warming is
warming at a rate we've never seen
before so if your argument is hey the
climate is always going up or going down
you're not really being rational you're
not really in the argument because the
climate scientists are not complaining
that the temperature is just going up
because as the deniers say temperatures
are always going up or going down but
historically it is never going up at
this rate that's what's different so if
you're not arguing the rate of change
you're not really even in the
conversation you're kind of talking
about a different topic that has nothing
to do with the topic somebody's saying
that's false it's not false
next CNN mocked the people who in this
little video mocked the people who say
that the Sun and the Sun cycles are the
primary drivers of the climate oh wait
they didn't do that for some reason
first and I don't know the reason by the
way for some reason CNN had a video in
which they were mocking the biggest the
biggest things that climate deniers
believe and the one they left out was
the Sun now I personally think that the
Sun is not the answer to you know
climate change so I'm not on the side of
the folks who are saying it's all the
songs all the Sun because again we're
seeing a rate of warming which we've
never seen and we've certainly seen
sunspots before we have a history of the
Sun going through cycles so we would
know if the Sun has ever caused this
rate or rate of warming and apparently
it hasn't so the rate of warming is all
the alarmists are talking about but the
deniers will only talk about the warming
so we're not really arguing the same
point and it bothers me to be lumped
with the deniers because I talk about
the accuracy of the models which I'm
going to talk about a minute but it bugs
me to be on the side of people who has
such a bad point if you're not arguing
the rate the rate of warming you're not
even on the same topic as the climate
scientists so stop saying it's about the
Sun unless you can say at the same time
the Sun has a history of making the rate
the rate only the rate it's all we're
talking about is the rate of warming if
the Sun has done that before you've got
a good point about the Sun if the Sun
has never before caused the rate the
rate only the rate the rate of warming
stop talking about this on
stop talking about the general cycles of
the earth unless you're also talking
about the rate the rate all right now to
balance it out then they get then CNN
gets to the climate models and they say
the deniers say that the models are not
accurate because you can't even if you
can't even predict the weather how in
the world can you predict the climate
over a hundred years and here's how the
scientist defended the models he used an
analogy he used a coin-flip analogy now
if you're trying to let me give you a
persuasion
tip if you're trying to argue that the
models are accurate and that they're
science-based
here's an analogy you don't want to use
a coin flip because what I hear coin
flip my brain does not say accurate
sounds like guessing the whole point of
a coin flip is guessing right so I'm not
I'm not arguing the details of the
analogy I'm just saying that if you're
trying to if you're trying to defend
science the worst way to do it is to
make people think about guessing and
when you say coin flip my mind goes to
guessing now one of the macro complaints
I've had about climate science is the
scientists for reasons I've not quite
understood are terrible at making their
point with the models anyway and when I
hear somebody defend the models with a
coin flip analogy which I'm going to
explain for a moment so you get the full
picture that is really bad communication
so independent of whether the point is
good that the models are accurate or not
independent of the facts the way it's
being communicated is the least credible
way you could ever communicate this
thing and here was the argument
if you were gonna guess anyone coin flip
it would be hard to guess you know you
know it would be no more than luck if
you got it right but if you looked at
all coin flips over time you could
accurately say that they're close to
50/50 and so that was the analogy used
for why the climate models are accurate
on average even if individual ones are
not possibly the worst most irrational
argument you will ever see
because first of all as someone else on
Twitter pointed out a coin flip is using
a coin which weighs the same on both
sides and really does have a chance of
coming out 5050 a climate model is a
bunch of stuff we don't know about it's
not a coin the analogy is useless so let
me get the according to that analogy I
could take a bunch of random data and it
didn't matter if it's random so long as
I took the average does that make sense
how about how about a lot of people
picked let me give you another analogy
just to show how useless analogies are
here's how I would have said it's very
hard to pick a winning lottery number
right you'd agree right it's very
difficult the odds are away against you
to pick a winning lottery number but if
you took all the numbers that people
picked and you took their average it
would be exactly the winning number
wouldn't it oh wait
it wouldn't be that's stupid you can't
average all the numbers of people picked
for their lottery picks and and when
you're done you got the right lottery
number the one that's a little bit
closer to the climate model situation
now when you hear that analogy do you
say to yourself my god that's a terrible
analogy Scott yeah that's my point
my analogy is terrible because climate
models
are not like lotteries do you know what
climate models are also not like in any
important way coin flips coin flips you
can't you can't defend your climate
models with analogies I don't care what
the analogy is I don't care how clever
the analogy is it doesn't help it just
makes things worse because the analogy
itself gets attacked so here's the thing
if the best science can do to defend
their models the climate models is to
say it's like averaging a coin flip
that's kind of like giving up that
sounds more to me like we can't really
defend this stuff we're just giving it
give you an analogy it's just
complicated and you know we can't even
explain it to you we don't even know
what we're doing so I've explained this
before that if you make a climate model
and it's way outside the range of of the
other models what do you think happens
to your model I mean common sense what
happens to the models that are not in
the range of the other models well if
it's just a little bit below the range
maybe they keep it and say okay the
range is a little bit more than we
thought it was but it what if it's way
outside the range way low or way high
what do they do with that model well
they sure as hell don't keep it if
you've ever been alive on this planet
for more than ten minutes look around
you you're surrounded by humans what do
humans do when they have a situation
where they've got some data that even
they don't believe because it's you know
it's a model and it doesn't agree with
the other model so you can't be too
confident about it
what do you do when it doesn't agree
with the range of the other models
you're sure as hell don't keep it all
right you sure as hell don't keep that
model and you get rid of it so if you're
flipping coins and and you want them to
come up heads what do you do with the
ones that came up tails you act like
they didn't count
all that coin fell on the rug rug rug
flips don't can you know climate
scientists could flip a coin a hundred
times and have been say it came up heads
a hunter time because they just throw
out the tails every time it comes up
tails you go oh you know my finger
slipped
it's really heads every time alright I'm
also getting into my weekly argument
with people on Twitter on the question
of fentanyl so there's a new argue
article showing why it's so difficult
for China to make fentanyl illegal in
China because if you change just one
molecule
apparently the law says that's a
different drug so even if China made the
current versions of fentanyl illegal it
would take ten minutes for the bad guys
to make a different version that's legal
to which I say if
China is using that excuse to not go
after fentanyl that's the same as not
going after fentanyl because if we know
that something is only a molecule or two
different from fentanyl do you are you
telling me I can't I can't make a law to
make that illegal I'm pretty sure I
could make a law that says if it's
fentanyl or fentanyl like or the or the
changes in the the fentanyl composition
are are trivial it's still all fentanyl
it's all illegal how hard would that be
so when I see an article in the press
that says well it's very hard for China
to make it illegal and I say why don't
we have that problem in this country we
don't have that problem do we all we did
it was yeah make the analogues illegal
as well so I have been saying that if
China will not go after their own
dealers that we have a moral we have
moral authority to do it now the
question of whether it's a good idea is
separate but morally
given that these fentanyl dealers are
mass murderers forget about solving the
drug problem I do not favor killing drug
dealers because it will reduce the
supply of fentanyl it might but I don't
think we can count on that I
I support killing mass murderers because
they're mass murderers you don't need a
reason to kill a mass murderer right if
there's a mass murderer and you know who
they are
if the country.the owns them won't kill
them you have an absolute moral
obligation to kill them yourself and
China will not go to war if we kill
their drug dealers for them why because
it's not good for China do you think
China wants to say dammit we're so bad
at policing our own fentanyl dealers
that another country had to come in here
and kill them for us I'm so mad at you I
will I'll go to war against you for
doing the thing that we couldn't do that
we also wanted done that's not going to
happen
but suppose the Chinese government
actually wants the dealers to be killing
Americans for some opium or revenge
destabilize the West reason and look
then let's say we killed their dealers
that they didn't want killed then what
are they going to do are they going to
publicize that they were letting their
dealers kill 30,000 Americans a year are
they going to say damn it you can't kill
our mass murderer who is killing thirty
thousand of your Americans per year
because that's in our country no there's
no chance of that they would label it a
suicide
if we kill China's top offense and the
leaders you know with the CIA or we hire
somebody to do it or however that stuff
like that is done if we did it and and
the Chinese government found out by far
the most likely outcome is that they
would label it a suicide why because the
last thing they want is to is to
publicize the fact that they're killing
30,000 Americans a year and they know
they're doing it
they're not they're not going to play
the game of dying on that hill that has
a very small hill and they're not going
to die on it because they're not stupid
it has also been pointed out as I did
that we went into Pakistan and killed
bin Laden did we do that because we
thought killing bin Laden would stop a
terrorism no we did not believe that we
just believed he's a mass murderer and
that it is American policy that if you
can find the mass murderer you can kill
them
doesn't matter where they are we're
gonna go get them wherever they are I'm
pretty sure that our our forces helped
with El Chapo and who was the other
Mexican drug dealer so I don't think
it's unprecedented to go into somebody's
country and kill their mass murderers
for them if they won't do it I mean you
have to give them the first choice to do
it and we've done that but at this point
we have moral authority to kill their
dealers if they're not acting against
the fentanyl I analogues all right yeah
why isn't fentanyl a problem in China
tell me that tell me why the Chinese
themselves are not losing a million
citizens a year to fentanyl because they
make it over there and apparently China
liked opium opium was a problem so we
know that the Chinese citizens will do
drugs if they're available and fentanyl
is cheap it's easy to make it's widely
available so somebody says it probably
is a problem I don't think it is I think
we wouldn't heard about it because if it
were if it were a problem in China given
the the size of the population and and
how easily it would be available since
they make it there if it were a problem
in China it'd be killing a million
Chinese people a year and the government
take out the dealers because they know
who they are so the only possible
explanation for what we're seeing and of
course I might have some evidence wrong
right so if there's a fact I have wrong
here and that can be corrected I would
change my opinion but given the facts we
have in evidence it appears that the
Chinese government allows the fentanyl
dealers to do what they're doing so long
as they don't do it domestically is that
not obvious it also means that the
Chinese government knows who's doing it
and they have permission to do it so
long as they don't do it locally now I
could change my opinion if I find out
that China is also losing massive
amounts of people to fentanyl overdoses
if that's knowable but I don't remember
hearing president cheese say yeah we're
going to fix this right away because
it's a massive problem in China - so
even if this were not a problem in other
countries we would certainly get right
on this because we don't want to kill a
million of our own people with this
fentanyl and by the way we know the
names of the people doing it now we know
where they live that's literally true in
America we also know the actual name of
the guy who was the main fentanyl dealer
we know his name and his effectively
does serial number you know whatever
whatever the Social Security version is
for China we actually know who it is
China knows who it is so I don't think
we can trust anything and of China on
the offensive question
fentanyl China as I call them but who
knows maybe we'll do something good
alright are there is there anything else
happening today so we've got the fake
Muller investigation there's not much
else going on is there
what about Tucker what's the question
are the Google hearings
well the Google hearings are they today
and are we going to or those public are
the Google hearings public and has it
happened yet well that'll be interesting
see the the interesting thing here's the
interesting thing with Google in order
for Google to defend itself from
distorting democracy they would have to
argue that their main advertising model
doesn't work do you get that the only
defense that Google can have about
taking over democracy the only way they
can say no no we're not influencing
democracy we're not we're not
illegitimately changing the results of
elections the only way they can defend
that is to say that advertising doesn't
work and that's their product that's
what they sell but that's what Google
sells is influential advertising so I
don't think there's any question about
the facts
meaning that yeah there there's some
censoring going on and that there's some
preferential treatment and that there's
clearly Google has has a secret
algorithm that the government is not
aware of so well let me just say that
suppose this situation existed
suppose you had a situation where a
Google said we're not making we're not
making decisions about what the news is
or what people say it's in our algorithm
and even we don't really know exactly
what the algorithm does because it has
so many variables let's say that they're
that their explanation was something
like that that even Google doesn't know
what its algorithm is going to do in
terms of how it influenced the election
would that be okay that wouldn't be okay
so there are only two possibilities
Google has to either claim that
advertising doesn't work their entire
business model in order to claim that
they're not influencing elections as
well or they have to claim yes of course
we influence things but we don't do it
in an intentional way because even we
don't know what our algorithm is exactly
doing we're just trying to you know we
add a variable now and then as we see
something that needs to be tweaked but
we don't know how the whole is going to
come out because it's just too
complicated now if they say that they're
effectively the government because if
Google is determining with their
algorithm what people think and what
people think influences how they vote
and what they tell their government to
do then Google is admitting to
effectively being the shadow government
which of those two ways can Google go
can they throw their business model
under the bus or can they say yeah we
are running the country but in a random
way and we don't know how we you know we
don't know exactly which way it's going
to go they only have two explanations
and both of them are devastatingly bad
for Google now if they've got a third
explanation somebody says wow that's
quite a leap which part I'm open to
being wrong about what I just said but
you need to give me a reason crime bill
will get a vote interesting
can I tell you more about my new book
loser think yes I can
so loser think the way I'm defining it
for my book is not just that you're
wrong about something
it's an unproductive way of thinking
meaning that you can be right or you
could be wrong but that's not what
losers think is about it's about a style
of thinking that is unproductive let me
give you a an example if if you're
thinking with analogies you are not
persuading and you're not really even
being rational so who wins when you use
an analogy to defend let's say a climate
science prediction model so that's a
perfect example so the the pro science
person who used the coin flipping
analogy to defend their climate models
was using one example of loser think it
was not an analogy that could possibly
ever persuade so why do you do it the
only thing that happen was the people
who were not persuaded became even
further not persuaded and the person who
made the argument looked less credible
who won nobody won
loser think is when nobody's winning
there's no there's no strategy to it it
can't possibly get you to anything you
want all right so you'll see more on
that anyway the purpose of my book is
not just that you might learn some
things you didn't know about how to
analyze things the purpose of it is that
you can take a picture of it with your
phone and tweet out the page that is
mocking the person you want to mock on
social media so I'm actually designing
the book so that as you're reading the
book you can say oh my god I just got
into this argument with this person on
Twitter so you take your camera out
you'll go click
and you tweet it back to them say
alright here's the argument why what
you're doing doesn't make any sense and
it will be basically a tool to reduce
the worst examples of unproductive
thinking and remember unproductive
doesn't mean right or wrong that's a
separate question unproductive means
even if you were right your argument is
ridiculous and if you're wrong is even
more ridiculous so it's a ridiculous way
of thinking let me give you the the set
up how many of you in the comments tell
me tell me what discipline you're
trained in okay so in your comments give
me an idea of what disciplines you're
trained in so that could be philosophy
the law engineering scientist all right
but it also could be English major or
whatever alright so give me so we're
looking at the the various disciplines
go by on the screens so look at them so
you have medicine engineering
engineering finance information
technology engineering agriculture
education sales etc all right now the
people who are saying law and
engineering and science and philosophy
what do they all have in common in
economics I haven't seen economics but
I'm sure that's in there so what what
are these disciplines have in common
engineering law philosophy economics
what they have in common is that in the
process of learning those fields you are
taught how to think when you learn
economics for example you learn how to
discard as some costs you learn how to
compare things you learn how to look at
money over time so that you can discount
its value in other words economics
engineering the law philosophy in
different ways they teach you not just a
bunch of facts but how to think
now let's say you had a different major
agriculture so somebody said that they
have an agricultural background does
agricultural education teach you how to
think probably now so much all right I
mean not more than the general way that
a good education is good for your brain
you know in a general way but in
economics for example they actually
teach you how to compare things and when
you're you're on the internet you
continually see people who don't know
how to compare things let me give you my
best example if you think that a
president doesn't matter which president
is could be Obama could be Clinton could
be could be Trump no matter what
President you're talking about if you
say this president is doing a bad job
you don't know how to think you've never
been trained in the ways of thinking
because you can only say that this
President did a worse job then a
different president who was doing the
same job at the same time if there is no
different president doing the same job
under the same circumstances at the same
time you have no comparison there is no
way to know that president Chopp Trump
is doing a good or bad job you know
unless he shoots somebody in on Fifth
Avenue or something right but within the
normal realm of doing the president's
job you can't really tell because
there's nobody else to compare it to now
you can tell maybe the the outlier kinds
of things but in general you can't tell
that a different president would have
been better for the economy you can't
tell that a different president would
have been better or worse for climate
change you know right and right down the
list
there's no comparison right now if you
learned everything you know in you know
English class you know let's say you had
an English major or a let's say a
Russian literature major would they
teach you how to compare things
accurately well prob
not right suppose you are a scientist
you're trained in science would you know
how to compare things probably yes
science is a discipline where you do
learn how to get rid of bias you know at
least how to think about things that
doesn't mean you're right every time it
just means you've learned how to think
philosophy very similar engineering
similar right so there are there are a
number of disciplines that actually
teach you how to compare things and
therefore how to think there are a
larger number of backgrounds of majors
and and experiences that don't teach you
that but here's the trick here's the
important thing if you don't know how to
think you don't know it you can't know
that you're not good at thinking that's
not a thing because until you until the
people who learn to think because they
took a law degree or an economics class
or philosophy engineering the the the
the the types of education that
literally teach you how to look at stuff
and figure it out if you haven't done
that and all you have is your common
sense you're lost
common sense is first of all an illusion
but common sense is not good thinking
they're very different
common sense is almost the same as bias
they're very little difference all right
so the basis of loser think the book I'm
writing is that they're that if you've
been exposed to a number of the fields
and which people are thought to think
correctly you're in a much better
situation to understand the world and if
you have not gone through those
disciplines you end up saying that
something is good or bad without
comparing it to anything and if you're
doing that you're crazy let me give you
a simple example sunk costs if you had
not studied economics for example maybe
you would not know
that money you've already spent should
be ignored in your decisions because
it's already spent you can't go back in
the past but people who are maybe
English majors or agricultural majors
make majors might say dammit I spent all
that money I don't want it to be wasted
so I'm just gonna keep keep sending
putting some more money in there until
it's not wasted anymore yeah opportunity
costs is another concept of that
economists and finance people learn but
you might not learn that in English
class like buying yeah gbtc at the top
correct
by the way I've I trimmed in my Bitcoin
Holdings after I did my job of stopping
it from going up anymore if you went to
college chances are you were exposed to
different ways of thinking yes but very
different between in an economics major
and a will say Russian literature major
I don't think that they're learning the
same stuff
all right I think I've said what I need
to say for today and I'm gonna go do
something else and I will talk to you
later