[Applause]
unban pom pom pom pom pom what time is
it does anybody know what time it is let
me check oh it's time for the
simultaneous it it's time for coffee
with Scott Adams DJ doctor funk juice
you know what time it is yes you do
it's time for the simultaneous if at all
you need is really not much all you need
is a cup or a mug or a glass at ankor
chalice or stein in the canteen Jagger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
get ready for the unparalleled pleasure
the dopamine hit of the day the thing
that makes everything better
it's a beverage that is spewing hearts I
think if I've got my left and right
correct hearts coming out of my cup look
at that oh-ho cool illusion there and
get ready for the simultaneous if it
happens now mmm-hmm I realize if you're
watching this on YouTube later where we
upload it or on podcast what I said
about the cup full of hearts makes no
sense in your world but remember we're
all watching two movies on one screen so
don't be surprised if why you see is
different from what other people see so
in no particular order and you know that
gigantic story about the the anti-trump
guy who tried to massacre a bunch of
trump volunteers you know the thing that
everybody is talking about it's a
gigantic story I mean why wouldn't it be
there's somebody who tried to Massacre a
bunch of Trump supporters oh wait it's
not a national story it's a kind of a
little blip Shara was mentioned the guy
that got lost in the wash that's right
there's somebody who tried to murder
Trump supporters didn't try to mess
didn't try to kill a leader tried to
kill ordinary voters
who are just registering people to vote
they weren't causing trouble so that's
where the rhetoric against Trump
supporters gets you somebody actually
tried to kill amazing we'll get to New
Hampshire I'm just letting people pile
in here my favorite my favorite pundit
and I say favorite because he's so
absurd
is this Stefon Collins a guy who writes
he writes in the anti-trump article for
cnn.com
just about every day and here's how he
is trying to create the newest frame in
which people can find a way to hate
Trump because they're running out of
ways it's like oh he's colluding with
the Russians okay he's not he did
something terribly impeachable okay it
wasn't that impeachable it was you know
closer to a perfect letter than
impeachable so they're they're
desperately cycling through well he
doesn't seem like he's actually insane
so here's what here's what they lid on
and you can see that Stephan Colin said
is sort of I think maybe testing the
water with this so here's the approach
quote from his article the sudden storm
over stone and so talking about Roger
stone and possible pardon triggered by
an early hours tweet by the President as
part of an accelerated pattern of
unmoderated behavior since Trump was
found not guilty of impeachable way of a
Peet of impeachable offenses wait a
minute he was found not guilty of
impeachable offenses that's the wrong
sentence isn't it wasn't he found not
guilty if they were impeachable offenses
that would suggest that it was just a
mistake and he was actually guilty I
like how he sort of stick that in there
so you uncritically read it as though it
was a travesty of justice yeah so there
were impeachable defenses but
inexplicably he wasn't a beached how do
you explain it
it's hard to explain anyway so
some of whom expressed the hope that the
scar of impeachment the scar of
impeachment the the red letter I that's
now burned at his chest he will he will
forever suffer the scar of impeachment I
haven't noticed have you it must be like
it must be like a little little scar
that's this maybe underneath his arm
here where you don't see it I mean there
might be a scar of impeachment on Trump
but I haven't seen it yet it must be
very small and covered with clothing but
anyway it looks like the new attack
against Trump is that he's unleashed
he's going to be he no longer can his
his his dictatorial impulses be
controlled he can't be controlled he's
he's Godzilla no he can't be Godzilla
somebody else's Godzilla so it feels
like not the strongest attack because it
Adam it just doesn't ring true but
they're they're trying desperately to
find something that connects as a
criticism all right the big story one of
the big stories from last night is that
yang is out Andru yang has dropped out
of the race
did not really get the the support that
he needed to continue but I would like
to join all of you in thanking Andrew
yang and I and I think most of you would
agree with this I think he made the the
race better I think he made the
conversation in the United States about
the topics that he was pushing you bi
robots are coming for your jobs etc I
think he I think he added a real genuine
which is the same as rail he really
upgraded the conversation now he didn't
quite you know make it to the final
three but he certainly changed the
conversation and I think it might be a
permanent kind of a shift in her
thinking and he was fun he was great for
asian-americans because you know he got
as far as he did so everything about him
was good it was very positive experience
so thank you Andrew
for being a good American a great
American you know one of the best so
thanks for that one of the things that
one of my Twitter friends noted is that
he had a little program that I was not
aware of and I thought I'd give it a
shout-out because it was interesting it
was a basically a student exchange
program within the United States which
is not the worst idea I've ever heard
enough so normally you do the student
exchanges with other countries so that
you both get a little flavor of what the
other country is about it's good in the
long run for you know peaceful
relationships and understanding and all
that but I guess yang was suggesting
that we do it within the United States
so that people would get out of their
little bubble of their neighborhood or
their culture and see what it's like
somewhere else it's actually a really
good that's a really good suggestion
let's keep that one out there all right
so thanks Andrew yang let's talk about
the the other candidates and where we're
at now if I had to pick one variable
that makes the most difference in who's
going to win the presidency I would say
the economy now president Trump has a
incredible lead in the economy you know
meaning they use an incumbent over well
maybe the best economy we've ever had
and sure sure you can say Obama had
better stats and this or that or it's
just a continuation of Obama and people
will say that but still when things are
going well in the economy is a super
strong indicator but the second big
variable in a world of many variables
the to this stick out are the black vote
and economics so if President Trump
looked good on those two things
you'd have to look for some kind of a
special situation to take him out
because those are the by far the two
most commanding variables not the only
variables and there could be lots of
surprises between now and Election Day
but these are very predictive so let's
look at how the other candidates look on
those two variables and some others and
let's talk about matchup what is what is
Trump's biggest negative his biggest
negative now you could say you could say
there are two I'd say two of his biggest
negatives are the deficit that Trump is
not as good on reducing the deficit as
even his own side would like and
certainly you know the people who oppose
him would use that as a club but he's
running against people who are going to
make the deficit worse and they're not
even pretending that's not the case
they're not even pretending if you look
at Bernie Sanders is he gonna make the
deficit better or worse well I think you
know the answer the question that's not
even a political opinion I believe
Sanders would probably say the same
thing I'm saying which is yeah yeah this
this stuff is more expensive than what
we're doing now so of course it's going
to make the deficit go up so even if you
increase if you increase taxes a lot
most people think the deficit is going
to go up under Sanders so I think
President Trump's biggest weakness one
of them the deficit the Democrats can't
use it's off the table it's his biggest
flaw that's not about his personality
you know his personal style but his
biggest flaw that's on policy they got
an opening they got nobody who's gonna
do anything now maybe you know maybe
when Bloomberg gets gets into the race
you know in the actual voting part of
the race maybe it would look different
but even he's looking to reduce you know
to be very aggressive on climate change
it's hard to imagine to anybody who's
going to be super aggressive on climate
change is also going to be good for the
deficit so they got nothing for nothing
against him on the deficit
he's completely free from that criticism
essentially and what about the black
vote will go through each of the
candidates and talk about that I think
that's the other biggest thing so I saw
on some blog that black support for
Bernie plunged to eight percent what
eight percent now I don't know how they
measure such things because if eight
percent is just to share he got from you
know the other Democrats I don't know if
it means the same as if you were running
in the general election he's obviously
gonna get more than a percent black
support but the the real thing is it it
looks like you get reduced by half
recently now I'm not sure if you can
trust this to statistics on any of this
stuff yet the way they ask the questions
the earliness of it all that sort of
thing but it does seem like Sanders does
not have some advantage with the black
vote so that would be advantage Trump
because Trump has an actual track record
in office that even Democrats say oh I
gotta admit that's pretty good for the
black community there's everything from
supporting the historically black
colleges prison reform Enterprise Zones
and going on a good employment race and
and I don't think you can I don't think
you can underestimate how important it
is that Trump talks about benefiting the
black community more than anybody am I
am I wrong about that if you were to
just look at the all the things that
people say all of the Democrats
collectively or individually and then
look at all the things that President
Trump says which of them talks more
about benefiting the black community in
this country I think it's Trump
ten to one I don't think it's even close
name the other big policy that any of
the Democrats have for helping the black
community nothing am I wrong that I
can't think of one I can't think of a
single Democratic candidate and there
are so many of them
who have a policy that I would identify
as oh yeah that's clearly you know
design for the benefit of the black
community I though I think I think Trump
is actually saying the most as well as
somebody said steyr and in reparations
but I don't know if anybody takes us
seriously do they do you think there are
too many black voters who think yeah I'm
going to get me some reparations I don't
think anybody thinks that's real that's
more of a talking thing anyway so I
think Bernie's got a problem there with
the black vote
Lloyd Blanken fine X Goldman Sachs CEO
was tweeting this and this is important
because he's a rich Democrat all right
he's a rich non Trump supporter so a
rich Democrat one of the richest says in
a tweet if Dems go on to nominate
Sanders the Russians will have to
reconsider who to work for to best screw
up the u.s. he tweeted and that he said
Sanders is just as polarizing his Trump
and he'll ruin our economy and doesn't
care about our military if I'm Russian I
go with Sanders this time around what
about I mean right and this is this is a
Democrat saying that and I've got a
feeling that rich people what they're
maybe really worried about is their
taxes and their economic situation but
that's a pretty strong broadside from
our rich Democrat and I got to think
there are other rich Democrats who have
the same opinion
now if let's say one of the Bernie or
one of those super or socialists the one
the ones who are more socialist gets
nominated there's a gigantic attack
vector in there I don't know if that
makes sense an attack the vector let's
assume that made sense that Trump has
available to him that he hasn't really
busted out yet could be he's just
waiting for the right time
to take out the Gatling gun but and it
goes like this and I've told you this
before when the economy is working
really really well as it is in the
opinion of most citizens right now you
don't add risk you don't completely
change something that's working well and
that's what Bernie and Elizabeth Warren
and the other socialist leading ones
want to do Trump is not trying to doubt
that argument yet that you don't break
something that isn't broken or you don't
fix something that isn't broken and when
he does that's sort of the end of it
because older people are the voters more
so than the Bernese Bernie seems to have
captured the support of all the people
who are least likely to vote the the
youth people are young and don't have
health care I think they're the least
likely to vote am i can somebody fact
check that whereas Trump has a natural
constituency constituency even more so
than ever of people who just say okay
I'm old don't rock the boat things are
going okay Trump owns the things are
going okay let's not change it group and
that's all the seniors so so good job
Bernie in getting such vocal support
from people who probably don't vote that
much that's going to cost him all right
Bernie Sanders hired a band for his last
campaign event the name of the band and
I'm not making this up what are the odds
that Bernie Sanders would hire a band to
perform at his event and the name of the
band would be the strokes come on the
one of two things as possible either the
person that I named the mole is working
for Bernie meaning secretly giving him
bad advice and doing all the wrong
things in his social media I don't think
such a person really exists but it's fun
to think about it because when you see
them do stuff like this you say to
yourself that looks more like a
than an actual thing that would just
happen naturally now of course it's a
world full of coincidences as I tell you
often and so if I had to guess of course
it's just a coincidence but I think
somebody should have maybe said Bernie
maybe maybe we should not associate with
strokes you know no Bernie didn't have a
stroke but you still think of this
cardiovascular system as all one thing
sort of sort of blends together in
people's minds and remind you of his
mortality people are all excited about
Buddha judge boudin's edge because he
has so much support and he's he's
finished one or two and the last in the
first two events so hey it's gonna be
all him right except that we're gonna
run into the states that have an actual
minority population for the first time
and he's sort of done already so I would
say that Buddha Chege is probably 90%
certain I would say he's probably a dead
man walking in terms of politics because
I think as soon as he hits the minority
vote you're gonna see his his strength
just evaporate so that's my prediction
so I think I think his ride was exciting
but he's sort of closer to the end of
his ride than the beginning of course we
need to talk about Biden so there are
two views on Biden one is that he had
this clever statment strategy where he
would lose the first two events but then
he would come back strong once the once
the states were the bigger minority
population we're voting but it looks
like his support as cratered and I think
that the first two the first two
outcomes as somebody smart once said
black people watch the news too it's one
of those dumb ideas and somebody said if
you're if you're a black supporter of
Biden let's say you've been supporting
him when when you answer the the
pollsters up and
now you had your television odd he or
you heard the news one way or another
you saw the news and you saw that Joe
Biden doesn't have white support
he doesn't have white support so if
you're a black supporter of Biden are
you gonna climb on a horse that doesn't
have white support in the United States
that's sort of a problem so I think you
know the the rational black voters who
are paying attention are saying ah I
think I'd rather be with somebody who
could get a white vote because I'm gonna
need a few of those if I want to if I
want to be on the winning team so I
would agree with the pundits who are now
saying that Biden is completely done and
it's just a matter of time before he
finds the most graceful way to to make
his exit now I would like to claim
partial credit for predicting how many
people have many people I think a lot of
you were with me here how many people
from the very beginning when Biden was
the overwhelming polling favorite how
many people said as clearly as I did
he's not going to make it to the
nomination yeah I've been saying that
since the beginning and it was because
he would falter he just doesn't there's
just not enough left of him
unfortunately
age age is taking its toll so now I got
the calmly Harris thing completely wrong
so I don't want to brag too much about
the Biden part and if Biden is
completely out which I assume will be
the case alas you know I suppose he
could throw a Hail Mary and say you know
let me tell you who my vice president
would be then look at me again so he
does have that play to name a vice
president but we haven't seen that play
ever work for anybody so I think Biden's
done let's talk about Club achar Club
achar in my opinion is the big winner
and I saw some people mocking mocking
the idea that she was the big winner
because she came in third all right she
came in third
how can you be the big winner if two
people just kick your butt and came in
first and second and the answer is this
how many times have I told you that the
direction of things matters more than
where things are where things are is
that Biden and Budaj edge just were the
two highest vote getters and two events
in a row that's where we are but where
are we heading
that's the Klobuchar story the Klobuchar
story is that she just got a huge boost
and enough so that she's in the serious
competition enough people are paying
attention her finish should make all the
people who didn't pay attention to her
before start paying attention to her but
there's a really interesting part of the
story now if you read my book when
Begley many of you have you know that
sometimes it's impossible to tell when
something happens by coincidence versus
when it has been influenced by some
event can't really tell and so this is
part of the fun it turns out that if you
looked at the signs her supporters Club
which are supporters were holding behind
her when she gave her speech the I guess
they've picked the slogan win big win
big
that's the Klobuchar slogan now when big
Lee comes loosely from President Trump
now I believe he was saying wind big
leaguer but it sounds like they win big
Lee and so I used that humorously as my
book title as if he had been saying the
big Lee although lately I think he does
a big leap but that's another story
so here's em and I've told you before
now this isn't the first time you're
gonna hear this if this were the first
time I ever said what I'm gonna say now
it would sound a little you'd be a
little skeptical but I've been saying
this for a while I tell you that one of
the ways that I traced my own
Rajon is by choice of words when you see
an unusual choice of words migrate from
you know the things I've said or written
into other people's mouths or their
presentation it doesn't necessarily mean
that you influence them but it's a flag
it's a little signal and so I say that's
very interesting I wrote a book with all
of the best persuasion techniques that
President Trump used to win and it
becomes sort of a manual that any
candidate could could read to improve
their persuasion and that I see that
something very close to the title of my
book just appeared on the sides now I'm
not making any claim that they made the
signs because of my book at least
consciously let me ask you this do you
think there's anybody in the Democratic
campaigns let's say their campaign
staffs do you think that any of the
Democrats have anybody on their staffs
who have ever read the one book that is
biased design the most helpful book any
of them could read for improving their
communication which is all they're doing
they're not governing they're
communicating a campaign is nothing but
well it's mostly communicating with a
little bit of organization in there so
what are the odds that a best-selling
book that tells you the best way to
communicate in a political context would
be read by people who do that for a
living and read books pretty well
there's a pretty good chance that some
of them are familiar with the book but
if if it were true that Klobuchar had
been influenced or let's say she
improved her game by reading my book and
I'm not saying that's the case I'm
saying here's what you would look for
what you would look for is that the
technique in the book would start coming
out in her presentation stronger than
you've seen it before did any of you
catch her semi victory speech last night
in which he was claiming victory for
coming in third
did anybody see that somebody's asking
me if I'm secretly consulting Klobuchar
I'm not and I wouldn't lie to you about
that I would not say to you I would not
look you in the eyes and say I have not
if I were even doing a little bit or
indirectly her in any way I'm not and
nor am i advising any democrat that's
not happening but if you heard her
speech she started out with a super
visual and emotional story about her
grandparents
you know coal miner you know picking up
his sister from from adoption agency
because he had to work when he was a kid
and and then they worked their way up
and it was the American dream etc and
that was a super visual yeah it was a
super visual and emotional story what
did Van Jones call that after Klobuchar
gave that Van Jones who I often tell you
is sort of the the one-eyed he's the
one-eyed Democrat in the land of the
blind he just listen to what he says and
you're gonna get a clearer view of the
field than what any of the other pundits
say it's very consistent
he doesn't just every time his opinion
is just a little more clear a little
more on point than just about everybody
was talking about this stuff and and one
of the things that Van Jones pointed out
is how good she was with story and he
was like he was kind of blown away a
little bit by had the quality of her
speech have you ever heard that before
has anybody ever said that Klobuchar and
she can give a speech that you know
touches your heartstrings I've never
heard it I've never heard anybody say
ban Klobuchar what a orator
her speaking you know moves me never
heard it before
and then she walked up on stage
yesterday and she just nailed it I mean
I watched I watched just the first part
of the speech live and I was sitting
there think
am i imagining this or is this really
good and then I started looking for the
visual elements she talked about the
grandmother packing a lunch you can see
it too can't you you can see the
grandmother you can see her packing the
lunch and then she talked about the coal
miner who you know went down to the cage
into the mind you could see it you could
feel it you were in the mind with her
grandfather you could see the
grandfather borrowed a car to drive to
get his sister who had been put in an
orphanage orphanage yeah because they
didn't have enough money for all their
kids
you could you could see him borrowing
the car you could see him driving the
car you could see him driving back with
his sister it was amazingly visual so
look for that if it's true and I'm not
saying it is but there are some
certainly some breadcrumbs here that
would suggest as somebody on the
Klobuchar campaign has figured out a way
to be a lot more persuasive now I would
say that I've called Klobuchar technique
the tortoise versus the hare z-- the
other candidates of the hares they're
they're trying to the other that the
hares are running fast and burning
brightly and winning the early stuff but
Klobuchar just keeps tour to sing along
bump bump them
hey what's today took another step today
bump bump bump how are you guys doing
flaming out getting in trouble saying
things you shouldn't say I'm just
climbing along like a little tortoise do
you can try to hit me but my shell will
will reject your stuff but boo and she
simply didn't make mistakes right I
apologize for all my nasal problems live
here I've got some surgery lined up to
roto-rooter my nasal cavities and then I
should be fine after a while but it
seems to me that Klobuchar by simply not
drawing attacks and not making any
obvious mistakes it starting to get a
second look so the tortoise strategy
looks kind of
it looks pretty strong now here's the
other interesting thing about her what's
what's the big complaint about Trump
usually it's about as being mean right
he's mean
here's me in his big old meanie Trump is
most associated with New York City even
though he's moved his place of residence
we think of Trump as a New Yorker with a
sort of a New Yorker personality a
little tougher or more in-your-face and
then there's Klobuchar who is associated
with Minnesota what is Minnesota most
famous for among all the states and the
Union now if you didn't know this I'd be
surprised Minnesota
produces the nicest people in the
universe I don't know why it just does
there's something about Minnesota that
produces nice people fairly consistently
so she comes from the literally the
nicest state that produces for whatever
reason the nicest people
personality-wise against the Trump
personality who's sort of the New York
personality that's an interesting
matchup because there's there's a
pendulum effect you know people might
want a fighter until they get a little
tired of the fighter and then maybe they
did somebody nice after a while so
there's certainly a longing for niceness
that makes her a good matchup I don't
know that you could beat the president
by being more more of whatever he is by
being more attacking than he is I don't
know that you can I don't know that you
can over attack know you could over
attack I don't know that you could be
Trump by being more like Trump I think
you have to counter program and with
something that's also good that's the
antidote to Trump Klobuchar has that she
looks she looks like a you know a
dependable pair of shoes and she's nice
now there's these rumors about you know
eating salad with her home and all that
I don't know if any that that's going to
be a problem
it doesn't seem to be dogging her so I
think that'll be a
thing so anyway she's she's got a lot
going on so let's keep an eye on her and
see if she's learned to persuade as well
as I fear she may have all right yeah
let's talk about Bloomberg Bloomberg of
course has that stop and frisk problem
the black support problem but he's but
worse that he's a terrible matchup for
Trump if you were to take a blank piece
of paper and say to yourself all right
your exercise is to invent a candidate
and make the candidate the worst matchup
you could possibly think of for
President Trump what's the worst thing
you could do it's like well billionaire
and that's pretty bad but worse
billionaire with foreign entanglements
especially with countries were worried
the most about hello China
Bloomberg's got China entanglements he's
probably got all kinds of entanglements
all over the globe do any of those
entanglements mean that something bad
has happened could happen what happen
who knows but it's not a good match up
because that's one of the things that
people were afraid of with Trump is the
the international entanglements so are
you going to are you going to oppose him
with the guy who has the most
international entanglements we've ever
seen I doubt anybody has more
international entanglements than
Bloomberg here's one you don't see
coming or maybe you do as as Bloomberg
got any me two problems does anybody I
don't see it in the headlines maybe
there were some stories that were
unconfirmed floating around but here's
the thing he's an old white billionaire
of a certain age let me ask you this
question if you're an old white
billionaire of a certain age though you
have a lot of me toos and you're in your
portfolio now maybe they haven't all
come out but the odds that the odds of
any old white billionaire and I won't
even I'm not even going to make this
personal about Bloomberg because I have
I have no information that would say
there's anything
with the Emery's bad in fact I like it I
think Bloomberg's a solid guy
Bloomberg's a solid guy and I would say
he's a solid Patriot I don't like I like
his political opinion at the moment but
he's a solid smart reasonable right
minded kind of guy but you know there's
just nobody in that demographic who
isn't gonna get a me-too coming down in
the woods somewhere somewhere now the
other the other big thing that's
different about him and Trump is climate
change and he's going for this you know
get rid of most carbon fuels 80 percent
or something
he doesn't go far enough probably for
the Democrats who think it's the end of
the world to climate change but I saw a
study recently that said that climate
change for the country and as a whole
was one of the lowest priorities now I'm
not sure I totally believe the polls on
that because the way people answer
questions of what is a priority can be
you know I'm not sure that there's a
really credible polls but the poll I saw
showed climate change almost lasts and
economics and immigration taught at the
top so that's the problem
Bloomberg I'm sure is not going to be as
pro-immigration as his own team wants I
just don't think he has enough red meat
for his own team he's sort of in that
weird uninteresting ground in the middle
he doesn't have enough for Democrats
he's not enough like Trump to be a
Republican he's sort of in that dead
mins you know in tennis there's that
there's a part of the court that's the
the dead man zone that if you move into
that part of the tennis court somebody's
going to win the point because it's not
a good place to be it's too close to the
net but not close enough
I think Bloomberg's there he's in that
weird area where he's not going to
excite anybody so he's also boring and
short compared to trump we would like to
think this short
doesn't make a difference now bluebirds
you know roughly the same size as me now
do I think I could not be president
because of my height no I could be
president I mean if I wanted to I'm
pretty sure I could do it I did write
win big Lee now I'm not going to do it I
have no interest in that kind of work
but I don't think my height would stop
me so I don't think its height is going
to stop them but it's a negative if you
stand again on this screen people are
you know in there in there let's say
they're non critical part of their brain
or just gonna say leader
I want a leader who looks like a leader
I'll take the big one thank you so it
does make a difference
maybe not the commanding difference the
other problem is he's boring he's boring
he's boring how do you take the most
boring candidate and put him up against
Trump the most interesting human being
we've ever we've ever known in the
history of civilization that's like the
worst and also there's a question about
his age whether he's losing a step that
will always be a question and you
remember he was talking about how he
would if he became president he would
work from a cubicle basically or an open
office instead of having you know
private offices that's the worst
instinct it sounds like you know when
when Bloomberg did his little I'm gonna
work in a cubicle when I'm mayor I
thought to myself that's not bad that's
not bad if you're a mayor you're more
like a senior vice president at a big
company a senior vice president at a big
company might want to not have a big
office and look like they're special
might want to have a cubicle and be a
person of the people I can see it I
don't think it was important you know I
don't think it made a difference but I
could see that as a branding thing it
would make sense as a mayor but as soon
as you say you're gonna be the brand of
our country you get the D you're going
to be the person we think of when we
think of the United States you don't
want them in a cubicle
you want them in the Oval Office every
time because that office is who we are
that's our brand you know it'd be great
if you take your own brand Mike
Bloomberg if you want to make your
personal brand I'm a guy who just works
in a cubicle and a normal guy and that's
okay with me do anything you want with
your own brand but if you become
president
you're my brand you're my brand as
president what you do reflects on me if
you're a mayor does what the mayor does
reflect on other people in the city not
really right
have you ever bonded have you ever
thought of yourself as being part of the
brand of your mayor no not once but when
you think a president that's an
accessory to you you you American
citizens a lot of people from other
countries watching this but if you're
American you're president this part of
your brand whether you like it or not
and and that's just sort of a dumb old
person move to not correct from the fact
that what he did as a mayor just doesn't
make sense as president it just doesn't
make sense and it feels like an old guy
who was just playing the hits they
always liked a band who used to be
popular but he can't write a hit song
anymore so he's just gonna play the
oldies I just don't think that matches
up against Trump I also think Trump has
another advantage which is that he's
going to be more immune from fake news
than ever before if because we've
watched the fake news brand Trump as a
certain thing and then be wrong time
after time after time you know from the
rush occlusion to you you name it you
know what to talk about I don't know if
the attacks on Trump will have the same
power they might have before we saw him
in office for four years I think I think
he's just more immune from every kind of
attack I can't even imagine what kind of
attack he hasn't already gone through
and it didn't take him out last time so
he's sort of
or Teflon that he ever was and he was
pretty Teflon
I mean grabbed him by the you-know-what
and he still got elected that's pretty
tough lon
so he's more Teflon than ever but if
it's somebody like Bernie Bernie has a
real problem running against Trump
Bernie has a real problem
you know what Bernie's big problem is
he's not a good enough liar now I
believe that Bernie says some things
that stretch credulity he certainly said
things that the fact checkers checked
him on and said not so much so they're
probably there are no politicians who
don't violate the fact checking
sometimes but Bernie is kind of unique
and that he's not the one to go negative
as much and he's not gonna lie as much
so he's the kind of person if you said
hey Bernie you know I don't know if he's
ever mentioned this he probably asked
but you know that that thing in
Charlottesville you got that wrong it
turns out turns out that that's a
misquote the president never never said
that the neo-nazis were fine people he
was talking about the other people there
that he said were not the races if you
tell Biden that maybe he'll still use it
anyway because it works
right but if you tell Bernie that and he
believes oh oh geez that's not even true
and it's easy to prove it's not true you
just look at the transcript I don't know
if Bernie would use it maybe would maybe
would but I think Bernie is handicapped
by being a little too honest and I don't
know if that would work in a general
election you know what I mean all right
there's one suggestion I just heard this
from an opinion person that one of the
reasons that Bernie lost some support
allegedly this is unconfirmed but
recently with the african-american in
the population is that Joe Rogan said he
might vote for him now does that feel
right to you do you think they
African Americans support would plummet
because Joe Rogan said he might vote for
Bernie Sanders I don't think so I don't
think people are paying attention at
that level because what the heck do the
black community have what problem do
they have with Joe Rogan so it turns out
you know he's comedian and provocative
and he's been around for a long time so
you can dig through his past and you can
find something to be offended by but I
don't think most of you are aware of it
and it's not real yeah it's just being
provocative and being offensive is a lot
different from being racist he's not
racist or even close
at least there's certainly no evidence
of it there's lots of evidence against
it so Joe Rogan got a lot of heat from
that and he clarified his opinion which
I hadn't heard before and it goes like
this so this is Joe Rogan clarifying his
opinion about Sanders and he said on his
podcast all I said is I'm probably going
to vote for him but he added I like I
like Tulsi Gabbard I love I love her I
left him
I love Andrew yang so he was making the
point that he's you know it's not about
one candidate there there are several
candidates that he likes and then the
egos and this is and this is why Joe
Rogan is a national treasure because the
next thing he says not many people could
say I mean you just you can go where
other people can't go and this is what
Joe Rogan says he goes quote here's the
really important point I'm an effing
he used the real word I'm an effing
 Rogan added and went on to say I
don't know what's required to be
president and that maybe we're better
off with Trump maybe we were better off
with someone else I don't know
so Rogan of course famously has had
experience was with hallucinogenics and
you know I've always told you that that
allows you to to see the world through
different filters if you have experience
with altered consciousness'
you know that you can experience a world
that works perfectly you can eat and pro
and go to work but it all just looks
different if you've never experienced
that you think that your point of view
might be magic it's like ah how did I
get the right point of view when there
are seven billion people in the world
who got it wrong I'm magic my brain can
see things that other people can't
I'm the only one with a clear view of
the world okay that's a kind of a low
level of consciousness the highest level
of consciousness is expressed in this
statement you ready here's a sentence
from one of the highest consciousness
people the people who can really see the
field clearly Joe Rogan imma effing
 I don't know what's required to be
President and that maybe we were better
off with Trump maybe we were better off
with someone else I don't know that
statement that he doesn't know who would
be the best president or the complexity
of the policies etc is the highest level
of awareness the the level below that is
oh I know oh yeah I know this was a good
one and I can tell you what the future
looks like you could be right
you could be wrong but the higher level
of awareness is were just not that smart
we really don't know what's going to
happen so I'm happy that Joe Rogan added
some context to that without changing
his opinion because he didn't say
therefore I'm not going to vote for
Bernie Kaplan you stayed with that but
then he gave us the context that in his
own opinion he's a effing who
doesn't know who would be the best
president nobody ever said anything more
honest than that that is the most honest
thing you've heard in public about
politics period that's the most clear
highest consciousness understanding
you've ever seen in public that's it
can't beat that all right
I was laughing at Pope Francis and I
don't want to get religious and this is
not an anti-catholic thing by any means
I'm Pro religion for those of you don't
know I'm not a believer myself but I
think religion is mostly you know 90
percent is positive in people's lives it
helps them here on earth and that's
great
so if it's a filter that works for you
it's a wait'll to see the world produces
benefits obviously does I'm in favor of
religion if you don't take it to the
extreme but I I observe religion as an
observer and I can't help but wondering
how these conversations went so Pope
Francis says that he's now supporting
the ordination of married men as priests
in the Amazon so I guess that was a
question so the word enough people who
wanted to be priests unless you let them
also be married which would mean that
they would have be having relations with
a woman which is apparently not allowed
if you're going to be to Catholic
priests and I wondered like how does
that conversation go it's like well you
know you get to be a leader a respected
leader in our religion there's just one
thing really sounds great what's the one
thing well there's one thing you can't
do what you can't give sex care sex all
right well I I can put up without having
sex for a while well I did say a while
like forever for the rest of your life
what yeah I mean you can be a priest but
you can't have sex for the rest of your
life and then you can imagine the person
saying wow that's tough but you know at
least I can you know if I can't have sex
with another person at least I can take
care of myself right well no so you
can't do it with another person but also
you can do with yourself
would you like the job that's pretty
severe can't do you have a intimate
relationship with a woman and I can't
even take care of it myself
I guess I'm gonna have to do it for the
money um what's it pay
five ten million a year well you're also
gonna be closer to poor than rich I
don't know how you sell that job frankly
but alright so I watched it as an
outsider I'm glad that people do it
because religion is good I think in the
world so that's enough about that some
get rich somebody says yeah that would
be the exception I think I'm gonna give
you a suggestion that's the best
suggestion you've heard are you ready
here it is during the election season
all the candidates like to take issues
off the table so if there's something
that somebody's killing you with as an
issue if you can do something to remove
that that's good one of the things that
Bernie and some of the other Democrats
most of them I think our pushing is
legalizing weed at the federal level and
we see the Trump is completely
vulnerable to that argument because he's
kind of quiet on it and he's also a
famously anti drunk
so he's not really the right person to
take that argument to the public even if
he agrees with it we don't know if he
does but even if he did it would be hard
for him to be the anti-drug guy
personally in his life it's made a big
difference he's never touched any kind
of drug so he would be the wrong person
I think to promote legalization of any
kind because it just goes against his
his personal story too hard but at the
same time the public wants it and it's a
big problem for the election here is my
suggestion are you ready President Trump
should delegate the decision to Ben
Carson now I know this isn't Ben
Carson's you know job in the cabinet but
ben Carson is a famous medical
professional one of the most well maybe
the most famous
doctor in the world okay can you think
of a medical doctor who's not like dr.
oz but but somebody was you know
credible ELISA as an actual physician or
something I would say ben Carson is one
of the most famous medical experts in
the world and I think the president
should say some version of this I'm too
close to this I'm just too close to it
it's too personal you know I lost my
brother to to alcohol I would I'm not
the one who could make a decision on
this
so I recuse myself I realize it's my
decision to make but I have to recuse
myself because I can't be objective on
this question so I'm going to delegate
it to the most credible person I can
think of which is Ben Carson now it's
kind of a twofer if you haven't if you
haven't figured this out on your own you
may be aware that Ben Carson is black I
think most of you knew that and you may
also be aware that especially if with
the conversation about stop and frisk
and a lot of african-american young men
being arrested for minor marijuana
possession that's part of the the whole
Bloomberg story he has to explain away
wouldn't it be the most credible thing
you could do to have the recommendation
whatever it is I don't know what Ben
Carson would recommend but wouldn't the
best recommendation in terms of
credibility be from a famous
african-american doctor how do you beat
that because I think has more impact on
the african-american community and I
think everybody agrees with that and if
Trump isn't the one to make the decision
well do it the way a manager would do it
you would delegate it if you can't do it
delegate it and he has the perfect
person to delegate it to not again I
don't know what Ben Carson's opinions
are but that's that's the beauty of it
do you think ben Carson makes decisions
without looking at the science I doubt
it do you think ben Carson makes the
decisions without you know looking at
the full field the you know everything
from the politics to the the science to
the medical part to the social elements
I
he sees the whole field he'd be perfect
now in in a in my you know perfect world
Trump would delegate it take himself out
of the decision Ben Carson would look
into it probably would say let's get the
federal government out of this business
probably wouldn't say he's in favor of
marijuana I assume I think he would just
say let's get the federal government out
of this business
states got this you know and that would
just be a win best idea if you ever
heard isn't it somebody says it's a
horrible image somebody's characterizing
what I said has he's black so he knows
drugs best did I say anything like that
did I just say that ben Carson knows the
most about drugs because he's black
I said nothing like that I'll tell you
what Ben Carson does know more about he
knows more about being black than
somebody who was in black he knows more
about being a doctor he knows more about
politics than people who are not
involved in politics he knows more about
the Trump administration than people
were not involved with it so so that's
that all right let me see if I hit all
my points think I did I think you did
and that's all we have for today and
let's go go forward and have a great day
and being and having a such a great
simultaneous if it's going to be a great
one talk to you tomorrow