hey everybody come in here this is going
to be a short one I just have one topic
I really needed to follow up on this
whole uh situation with Kanye in the in
the Oval Office
and I'm I'm frustrated by the way the
news has covered it so far because I
feel like there's this enormous story
that's completely hidden by the way
we're talking about it by the fact that
Kanye is Famous by the fact it's
political you know we're we're talking
about all the the stuff that's the the
window dressing and not really talking
about something that really mattered and
something important that happened now if
you know my book had to fail I'm sorry
yes uh had it failed almost everything
and still went big I talk about Building
Systems as opposed to having a a goal
I'm going to ignore that whoever's at
the
door so systems are better than
goals unless somebody's texting me and
then I'll have to get it nope um and you
saw that in display when Kanye was
talking about what to do about the inner
cities and I wanted to just put a little
meat on that if I could let's go to the
Whiteboard all right if you're talking
about uh helping the inner cities and
they have a number of problems not just
one
um let's look at the difference of a
system versus a goal a goal would be hey
let's all get better jobs but what do
you do you how do you get there so a
system would allow you to get there but
not tell you in advance how it's going
to happen so if you had a good system
you could get to a number of different
solutions you wouldn't know in advance
where it's going to end up but your
system would get you there so if you
want to solve things in the inner cities
and say that the big things that need to
be solved are education and inexpensive
housing and jobs and all all the obvious
things safety Etc you would need
attention you need people that care You'
need access to money access to
polititions you need ideas you need a
lot of energy to get any of this done
you need a lot of money and then if you
did all these things right you would
create some test some small test
programs and then you'd run them let me
give you a simple example the question
of stop and frisk came up Kanye talked
to uh local leaders and said not such a
good
idea other people say the statistics
show it works well one thing you could
do is you could pick a neighborhood and
you'd say Let's test it in the
neighborhood it's just a test it's only
going to last for one year at the end of
the year we'll see if we like it or not
so you could test it in Chicago with per
perhaps a neighborhood that voted for it
maybe you'd say we're not going to do it
unless the neighborhood votes by
majority that will test it for a year
but after the year it's going to go away
unless we revote it in based on the
results okay so almost anything can be
uh shrunken down to something you could
test with people who want to test it I'm
sure you could find a neighborhood where
they say look things are so bad here
even though they're all kinds of
problems with stop and frisk let's just
try it because everything else were we
tried didn't work so that's the idea you
you take a big idea you figure out how
you can test as small that's a system
now when you talk about Kanye what he
was bringing to it here's the thing
people don't understand the money has
never been the problem there's actually
there are billionaires willing to invest
if they can come up with a good pilot
that's worth investing in the government
has enough money
there's enough money there's also you
know there's may be a deficit in how
much we cared and how much attention we
were giving to the area but look what
Kanye did for that Kanye brought the
attention Kanye you know is sort of uh
collectively lifting how much we care
about it Kanye brought the
energy Kanye brought the access he was
literally talking from inside the Oval
Office he has developed access and it's
not just uh political access he has
access to Great designers he has access
to billionaires he has access to the
local community he has access to both
sides of the political aisle he has
access like almost nobody has
access um here's what it here's what was
the biggest thing lacking in my opinion
in order for the system to work and the
system in this case
is developing ideas turning them into
small tests getting them funded and then
seeing how the test goes all of this
didn't work and has never worked because
of the part that Kanye explicitly said
was what he would add to the process
he's basically embedding himself in
Chicago his old Hometown that he said
he's going to move to so he's basically
sort of claiming Chicago as his
responsibility
that's pretty important imagine if every
Everybody of his prominence decided to
go back to the town they came from and
say I'm going to claim you uh I may have
a second home here or move there but
your M your mind to fix now so Kanye has
kind of said Chicago you know you you
gave me birth you made me you made me
who I am I'm coming back going to I'm
going to fix you the only thing that was
missing was these what Kane called
ideation centers in other words a an
organization that's embedded in the
community and this is very important
it's not it's not something that's air
dropped on the on the community it's
something that they're working with it's
a process for coming up with ideas that
the community is already supporting
because they came from the community if
Kanye can pull off this part and you
know we have yet to see if he can do
this but he has all the resources so he
can if he develops an ideation Center a
place to develop ideas uh to design them
to package them package them this is
important it's not good enough to have a
good idea a good idea is worth
zero all right you have to understand
that a good idea is worth zero has no
economic value but a good idea that's
packaged and brought to people with
money now
has developed tremendous value
potentially so when you saw uh Kanye
talking about you know the the inner
cities and what he could do Etc he laid
out for you a full
system that absolutely makes sense and I
have never seen before have you ever
seen this have you ever seen anybody say
the the part that's missing is the
ideation we're going to move it we're
going to physically move to the
community connect with people get access
get our caring up get her attention up
get our energy up flow it through the
ideation take it to the money people say
hey here's my idea it's well packaged do
you want to take it to the next level
we'll do a small it won't be that
expensive your billionaire you can
afford it all right who's going to say
no to Kanye with a a well packaged
interesting idea that you could try
small well I don't know it's pretty hard
to say no to him so what you've seen
here
is um it's Innovative and radical and
useful at such a high level it's almost
invisible you it seems to me that the
media completely missed what happened
there and what happened there was
enormous now it might come into a little
clearer focus when he actually you know
if he does this we don't know if he's
going to do this but if he takes it to
the next level and opens up some kind of
a design ideation Center that's sort of
Kanye branded and um and he you know
puts a little time into it let's see
what they can come up with um you know
that I'm working with Bill P on the
blight Authority stuff the blight
Authority has cleared large areas of
urban uh land that had a lot of blight
and crime and you know broken down homes
so he's done that that already in
Detroit and Pontiac and now we're doing
the second part which is uh I'm helping
him with just getting the word out to
how do we come up with some ideas you
know how do we come up with some ideas
to test very much uh compatible with
Kanye's plan but Kanye's is better
because Kanye is saying let's embed in
the community for our plans that's a
better idea so obviously he's he's good
at
this so we'll be tracking what Kanye is
up to um if the blight Authority can
ever be helpful in that I'm sure that
we'll we'll look for an opportunity to
do that and for now I just want you to
put this in this Frame that Kanye took a
goal which is hey let's fix the
cities what do you do with that you know
we all want to fix the cities but we
need some ideas that was the part that's
missing ideas that can be tested small
that's the key Kanye is on it and he's
doing it so this is bigger than you
think just to keep an eye on it that's
all for now talk to you later