[Music]
hello everybody come on in grab a chair
near the front it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams I'm Scott Adams and you will
be enjoying the simultaneous sip with me
in mere moments think how exciting that
is I mean really that's pretty exciting
thanks for the super art camera
hallo everybody if you'd like to enjoy
the simultaneous sip and all of the
dopamine hit that comes with that the
thing that starts your day just
perfectly well you know what you need
you need a cover of mucker glass the
Stein HL is a tanker to thermos a flask
ack emptying a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee join me now for the simultaneous
scent mmm I hope your coffee is warmer
than mine it was still delicious
all right more good news disguised as
bad news here's the here's the good news
- SIA described disguised as bad news
Jeffrey Epstein killed himself in a jail
cell or someone killed him in a jail
cell
that's what we're talking about that's
pretty good that was pretty pretty good
so that's our bad news for the day if
that's what we're talking about and then
blaming each other for gun violence and
blaming each other for away supremacy
even as bad as those things sound this
is still the golden age when your worst
bad news at least Weston death the stuff
that makes it to that lines when your
worst bad news it's not so bad
I have a relative to let's say World War
two Holocaust and stuff like that but
lots of stuff to fix let's talk about
Epstein and the evolving psychosis
around that and the Washington Post says
that Epstein's prison was understaffed a
lot
they were very understaffed and they
hadn't checked on him in hours now what
was my thing that I warned you about I
said if you have two hypotheses a
hypotheses one is a very clever plot
involving murdering a high-value target
in jail at exactly the right time maybe
I'm not going to say that didn't happen
can't prove a negative but it's kind of
complicated and it's out there and then
the other the other hypothesis is jails
are like every other big organization in
the world way more incompetent than you
could ever imagine
unless you were the author of the
Dilbert comic strip which writes about
big organization inefficiencies and
incompetence for the past thirty years
in which case sort of top of mind for me
so whose theory would have predicted the
future if your theory was that he was
murdered by a highly capable plot that
got to him even in prison would that
have predicted that the prison was also
deeply understaffed it wouldn't have
predicted it or not predicted it but
mine would have my hypothesis of basic
incompetence would have predicted that
as soon as you drill down you'd find a
pretty good evidence of massive
incompetence and under understaffing is
maybe not the fault of the staff you
know it's not their choice to be
understaffed it's there are bigger
decisions that probably happen towards
the top but that sure looks like
incompetence
so I would say that yesterday if you
were according to judge the likelihood
of the the two possibilities and mostly
people are talking about there's
something in between possibilities what
people are focusing on he was murdered
by the Clintons or some powerful people
like that versus he killed himself
because the jail was incompetent and
they they couldn't keep him alive which
of those did you think was likely 24
hours ago 24 hours ago he sent oh my god
there's no way this could have happened
in this highly capable prison situation
where everything's controlled and they
know just what they're doing that's what
you thought 24 hours ago
24 hours ago I was saying no
incompetence is still your top theory
it's always your top theory until you've
got a photograph of somebody straggling
that guy it's still your top theory
because of odds the odds of incompetence
explaining things are really really high
just in general so now again I want to
say very clearly I'm only talking about
probabilities if tomorrow somebody
produces a photograph of Hillary Clinton
sneaking in and the jailers outfit and
strangling Kevin this whose cell I'm
going to say whoa we got that one wrong
you know at least statistically I
thought it was the other way let's talk
about some warrior apparently his
roommate was mysteriously reassigned his
roommate and here's a weird thing his
roommate was a convicted murderer who
had been an ex-cop what are the odds
that Jeffrey Epstein would get a
convicted cop now I suppose the problem
is that the cop also was in danger of
being killed in the general population
was that the problem uh-huh perhaps but
I there was some suggestion and just
speculation I think the Epstein needed
to get away from his roommate because
who's afraid his roommate was going to
kill him now that feels like a
reasonable thing to be afraid of
but it also feels like the sort of thing
that it feels like the sort of thing
that Epstein might want have tried to
manipulate himself so for example let me
ask you this you're Epstein and you're
really really good at this stuff this
stuff means manipulating people to
believe things and do things you want
them to do that's what he was good at
now imagine that you want to kill
yourself and your roommate is wait for
it I'll be the first person who's ever
said this I'm going to add a piece of
understanding to the puzzle then I'll
bet you nobody else will say today
except me
you ready for us if Epstein wanted to
kill himself and his cellmate was an
ex-cop who would be the most capable
person of stopping him and reviving him
you know the answer the ex-cop is
trained the ex-cop knows CPR the ex-cop
even though he was convicted to
murdering somebody the fact that he was
a cop at all probably tells you that he
at least has some leanings toward the
legal system even though he fell afoul
of it in the worst possible way he's
probably the most likely roommate who
could try to prevent you from killing
yourself even if he hated you I mean he
might have prevented you from dying just
because he knew that living forever in
the cell was worse so you know that's
possible but a cop who knows at least
basic medical procedures for emergencies
he's the last person you'd want as your
roommate now the other possibility is
that the cop was so bad the cop was a
danger to Epstein as well but you could
imagine
Epstein wanting to get rid of that
roommate and perhaps you know perhaps he
may have been part of the manipulation
to do that the other hypothesis is that
of course you get rid of the roommate
because that's how you make it easy to
convert groom so that fact would fit
both hypotheses
now behind most people's assumption that
the people who believe those are
conspiracy and he was obviously murdered
behind that is the assumption that
prisons are competent places right
because that's that's sort of necessary
to make sure that you only have one
hypothesis you think is likely because
if prisons were competent then you would
say yourself Wow
if they wanted to keep him alive they
could have done it because they're
competent but have they ever had a
prisoner like Jeffrey Epstein probably
not
they usually have people were not as
good at getting away with stuff so if
you have a system that was designed to
keep people from killing themselves
would that system be designed so that it
was good for the best manipulator in the
world or would it be designed to get 99
percent of the world yeah if you had a
system that protected 99 percent of the
people who wanted to kill themselves
would you say to yourself okay I think
we got it it's 99% effective meaning
that 99% of the people wouldn't be smart
enough to figure out how to kill
themselves in that system what we know
about Epstein is that he was totally
capable of doing that he was unusually
capable at manipulating people and smart
and using a math Wiz that I like you and
all that so would a system that was made
to prevent 99% of people for typical
prisoners from killing themselves would
it have stopped Epstein maybe but it's
also easy to imagine that he would be
the exception now especially when GAD
all the incompetence into the system
even if had been designed well it wasn't
managed well because they were
understaffed here's something you have
not assumed to be true
why do you believe that the prison would
have given Epstein special attention for
his presumed or risk suicide why would
he have gotten the special attention
because you say to yourself again hey
it's a very capable prison they've got
everything else under control
this new risk comes in so obviously they
want to fully control this as well just
as well as they fully controlled all the
other risks in the prison what that's
not that's not a thing a prison is just
full of problems do you know how many
people in that prison probably wanted to
kill themselves that day probably a few
do you know how many other potential
problems that were that you needed
staffing to keep other people alive how
many places you needed to keep to keep
the staff alive you probably needed a
lot of people so Epstein wasn't the one
problem that prison had a prison is a
building full of problems as sort of
what it is
if you imagined Epstein was the only new
problem and everything else was taken
care of efficiently with precision then
yeah it would make sense that okay this
looks like an outlier this one thing
they didn't do right when they were
doing everything else correctly do you
think that's what it really looks like
if you were an insider if you worked in
that prison would you just say to
yourself you know it looks suspicious
even to me I work in this prison and I
happen to know we do everything right so
this one time we don't do it right
yeah that's suspicious but I doubt that
insider would say that again thirty
years of writing Dilbert and working at
big companies tells me this probably the
insiders would say you know this doesn't
surprise me about everything we do is
messed up here we're understaffed
management is terrible they don't even
know where to put the resources we asked
for stuffs they don't give it to us
we're overworked we're exhausted yeah I
took a nap I think it wouldn't look like
that oh if I know here's a question for
you would this be murder
so with the following scenario
be considered murder suppose some of the
important people associated with you
know these high-profile people who might
have might have been exposed whoever you
imagine that is so I'm not talking about
the Clintons necessarily just imagine
there's some high-profile person some
billionaire or some politician who
thought they had some risk because of
Epstein still alive what if they got to
him in jail through you know somebody
talking to somebody who talks to them
and said to him this you know Jeffrey
it's almost like things would go worse
for you if you stayed alive because
there's some powerful people who want to
cause some real pain to you while you're
in prison
ya know let's say they said it more
indirectly you know there are some
powerful people who have a lot of
friends in the prison system and I can't
tell if you'd be better off alive or
dead in this situation and let's say
that the person telling Epstein is
somebody credible who knows that there
are important people who will make sure
that his time in prison isn't is worse
than the worst thing it could possibly
be whatever's the the worst thing you
can imagine it'll be worse than that
suppose they tell them that we're gonna
make sure that if you live in this
prison you're gonna wish you didn't now
what if that encourages Epstein to go
kill himself is that murder is it
because what didn't somebody get
convicted of manslaughter or I don't
know what the exact charges I'm not a
lawyer for encouraging somebody on
social media to commit suicide I think
we just had that case right where there
was somebody who got in trouble for
encouraging somebody else who actually
committed suicide so somebody's saying
it's not I don't know the answer to that
I don't know if that's chargeable
whether it's murder or something I know
so here's our current situation I'm
going to I'm going to make a prediction
based on the incompetence theory the
incompetence theory says
then you will discover that the way
Epstein was treated was similar to way
they probably would have treated anybody
else meaning that even though you say to
yourself he's a high-profile prisoner is
he more important than every other
person on suicide watch can a prison a
prison management can they pick
favorites can they say I got one guy on
suicide watch who definitely looks like
a big risk but he's an ordinary person
I've got another one his name is Jeffrey
Epstein it's a bigger picture situation
because there might be other people
implicated et cetera but he's just
another human does the prison system get
to choose which one of those two they
keep alive if there are other they're
staffed and they know one of them is
gonna get more attention I don't know if
they can make that choice should they be
allowed to make that choice should the
prison system be allowed to look at the
big picture or are they only allowed to
look at the little picture let's say
you're the guard you know you're not
making management decisions you're just
a guard and if it's your job as a guard
do you've got two people who are at risk
and you can't be in both places how do
you choose I'm not sure the guards
prioritize people by the outside
circumstances I think they just have to
keep them all alive so I think the
assumption that he was a special case
may not hold once you get in prison
there might not be any such thing as a
special case there might be special
places they put you but once you're in
that special place I imagine you'd be
treated like everyone else who's ever in
that special place
somebody says me and that's naive Scott
now I know some of you are thinking of
El Chapo well let me address
whoever said that's naive I'm talking
about it from the perspective of someone
with lots of large organization
experience if you say I'm naive you'd
have to match me for that level of
experience I'm literally a recognized
expert on this management
competence in fact if you were gonna do
a national story about management
incompetence who would you most likely
want a quote from me so I hear you when
you say I'm naive but I hope that you
hear me that I am maybe one of the most
world recognized experts on this topic
now not about prisons in particular but
about any organization and my and my my
take is this it's very likely that there
might have been some management people
who said let's treat this as a special
case we don't want to lose this one it
would be pretty embarrassing but that
doesn't mean that the staff cared
anything about that
the staff has to keep everybody alive I
doubt that they were making political
decisions at the staff level probably
not so if they didn't have enough
resources to do their job they were just
going to do whatever they're gonna do
and they probably didn't give a flying F
about epstein living or dying it
probably didn't care so Sarah Silverman
had an interesting admission turns out
that she was once fired from a movie
role that she had already got Godhra
gotten she had already acquired four
four they discovered that she did a skit
in her past wearing blackface sarah
silverman one of the greatest critics of
President Trump she she has their
photographs in the public domain for
wearing blackface she says in her
defense that she's not that kind of
comic anymore okay now I do not judge
her harshly for that because I have a I
try to stay consistent to the following
rule it's the same reason I do not and
did not judge Kathy Griffin harshly
because if you make a joke and it
offends people but you know it's a joke
that's different
you know that's not that's not being a
terrible person that's being a comedian
who pushed the edge and went a little
too far that's not the end of the world
you want your comedians to push the
boundary and if you've got lots of
comedians pushing lots of boundaries the
boundary is just going to keep getting
bigger and bigger because everybody sort
of pushing it out a little bit
somebody's gonna overshoot it a little
bit or somebody's gonna do something
that used to not look the same but now
it looks worse which is also a risk I
think that's the case with the blackface
I think when Sarah Silverman probably
did her original blackface skit people
probably said oh it's Sarah Silverman we
already know she's not a racist so she's
making fun of racism or something like
that I think people put it in context
and said it's not racism it might be
offensive if you didn't know who she was
but if you do know who she is and she's
joking and she's trying to get a
reaction and you know that she's most
liberal person in the world she
definitely doesn't have bad feelings
about black people she's making fun of
the situation of blackface not so much
black people you let it go but then the
times change and suddenly something that
didn't look that offensive because of
its old context gets fast forwarded into
a new context and then your hair catches
on fire so I give Sarah Silverman my
professional humorist pass not that she
needs it right she's I'm sure she would
not appreciate that I said that in
anyway but same thing I said for Kathy
Griffin same thing I say for Sarah
Silverman same thing I'm going to say
for the next humorist who gets in
trouble which is you took a you took a
run at it it didn't work out that time I
would hope that I would be judged the
same way all right so I guess the
Washington Post today in the print
edition they they listed in this big
wall of names the name of every mass
shooting victim since 1966 and of course
the
is to turn visual something that's a
concept visual so you just see how many
people got killed in mass shootings it's
just all this tiny print across the
whole page it's practically blackens the
whole page and it's effective so on a
persuasion level it's effective but is
it reporting is it in context it's a
fair it's true you know the facts are
probably true or true or not but is it
fair well as the critics pointed out I
guess Robert Kazinsky tweeted this is
and I don't know how to pronounce this
next word you know those words that you
read but you never have to pronounce
here's a word I've read a thousand times
I've never said this word aloud
I will now mispronounce it for your
pleasure
for the first time virulent virulence
virulent vir ul ent very virulent so
whatever that were is view you lint
let's go with that this is virulent in
numeracy : trying to make a
comparatively rare event look much
bigger than it is by the way you print
it and that's I think you nailed it
that's exactly what's happening on now I
wouldn't call it viewer lint in numeracy
in part because when you say virulent in
numeracy you sound like the biggest
douchebag in the world so if you want to
sound like the biggest douchebag in the
world next time you're talking to your
friends over a drink just say to
yourself you know this looks like a case
of view you didn't in numeracy you will
lose all your friends if you say that
but in the context of a tweet since you
just have to read it they're pretty cool
words I'm not making fun of rubber trees
and ski they're actually
excellent words in the tweet they only
sound wonky when you say them out loud
and he used them in the correct way
which is in the tweet so no problem with
that
alright and then he said did he say this
or somebody else I think he said this
Tristan Sookie said figure out how many
of these pages it would take to print
the names of everybody struck by
lightning since 1966 none of the people
drunk jumped in and said all right now
let's see the page of people who drowned
in swimming pools and you know every
other disaster died in car accidents and
then somebody had the the total mic drop
how many people died of opioids today
yeah it's a big it's a lot of printed
pages there isn't it so is that would
you say that that would be journalism is
it journalism to take a statistic which
is by its nature rare compared to all
the problems in the world it's rare and
to turn it into something that you're
that they know your mind will register
as a gigantic problem simply by the way
they printed it is that journalism I
don't think so it looks like
brainwashing to me now it might be
brainwashing um toward a good end this
sort of depends where you are here if
what comes into this is that we do a dig
you know a deeper dive on guns and gun
control and both sides you know
grudgingly find something to try that's
different and that different thing makes
things better I would say this is
brainwashing that has a good purpose but
I don't know that that's likely to
happen I am you know optimistically as
possible but we can say for sure it's
brainwashing we can't say if it'll work
out yet all right here's another one so
the New York Times did a similarly
weasel ish thing they they said and I
quote this New York Times there is a
striking degree of overlap between the
words of right-wing media personnel
and the language used by the Texas man
who confessed to killing 22 people at a
Walmart in El Paso there's a striking
degree of overlap in words meaning what
now the the implication here is that
this is evidence of brainwashing
essentially or influence let's call it
meaning that these people were
influenced by right-wing pundits now
striking degree of overlap couldn't that
also mean that they just have the same
political opinion and that people who
have the same political opinion or
likely to use the same words if you
thought that the massive number of
people is coming across the border we're
all good you're likely to say lots of
people coming across the border
excellent people and most of mostly they
are some I assume or bad people but see
what I did there but mostly great people
in fact all of my experiences was
immigrants to this country
I'd say far more positive than the
population it was already here but
that's just my experience and so if
you're Pro immigration what words would
you use to describe it
you'd say immigrants if you wanted to be
more let's say legalistic you'd say
undocumented immigrants you'd say great
people who came to this country for the
same reason our ancestors did you'd use
words like that right suppose you were
afraid of it because you thought there
was too much of it that was uncontrolled
and could lead to you know lower
standard of living here if you let it go
forever what would you if that was your
opinion what words would you use
the meaning the government is putting
effort on controlling it with armed
guards people with weapons and we can't
stop it with militaristic you know
border security what word would come to
your mind that would most describe that
situation if it was your opinion that it
was a dangerous amount of it happening
and it was violating our armed borders
well if you call that an invasion which
was the word that I guess one of the
main words that they found overlapped
between the pundits and the that at
least one shooter should you be
described
should you be surprised that people have
the same opinion you used the same words
I don't think so now I think it would be
fair to say that people might pick up
the words from the pundits but picking
up the words of the pundits is that the
same thing you're saying
therefore you cause them to shoot people
the can you make that leap because what
this is remember I used to talk about
I've used the word not used to
I often use the phrase of word thinking
where we imagine that the association
between two words means something in the
real world and it doesn't sometimes just
words remind you of other words but that
doesn't make them logically connected
this is another one of those examples it
is a word Association somebody on
Twitter said why don't you stop calling
it suggested instead of calling it word
thinking which people don't immediately
know what I'm talking about somebody
said why do you call it that people are
using word association instead of
thinking and I saw that tweeted
suggestion and I immediately said damn
it that's way better than what I've been
doing but I also used word thinking in
my upcoming book it was too late to
change it so you know what I'm talking
about so when they do this kind of
analysis is sort of like the Bible code
let me tell you about the Bible code if
you've never heard of
the Bible code I'm gonna make a big
statement and then when you check on the
Bible code and I'll tell you what that
is in a moment when you check on this
you realize that my big statement this
seems too big when I say it it isn't too
big here's the big statement if you
don't understand what the Bible code is
the story of something called the Bible
code and I'll tell you what it is if you
don't know that story you don't
understand the reality that you're
living in it's a pretty big claim right
if you don't know this one anecdotal
story you don't understand the reality
that you're living in in general I'm not
saying that you don't understand
something about that story I'm saying
you don't understand the reality that
you think you're experiencing it's all
wrong if you don't know the story of the
Bible code here's the story some years
ago I don't know a few decades ago there
was somebody wrote a book called the
Bible code and what the Bible code was
they imagined they imagine that they had
found all these secret messages in the
Bible and what they would do is they'd
run different programs or algorithms
against the Bible and they would find
for example hey I'm making up this one
but it's roughly roughly what's
happening they would say if you took the
first letter of the third word on every
page in this chapter and you just went
to third word and every one of these it
would spell out a message of something
that actually happened so you'd say okay
the third word of every word in the
Bible in this in this section of the
Bible says something like plane hits 911
tower that's actually the book was
written before 9/11 so wasn't that but
we'll say Kennedy assassinated you know
or president shot or president shot with
you know two numbers that represents you
know the year you were shot now you can
find that in the Bible not that specific
example but it's a whole bunch of
examples of that kind where if you take
the fourth word but you you line them up
or you you do some things and you can
all of these predictions in the Bible
that the author claimed were God talking
to us and telling us what was going to
happen but here's the problem we
couldn't determine what was going to
happen before it happened
you could only find it after it happened
so you could never look for a code and
then find it and then look to the real
world and then find that real thing
happening it was all in the past but
secondly some critics took war and peace
which was not written by God and they
ran the same the same algorithms against
war apiece and guess what war and peace
and every other large book has lots of
accidental codes in it the accidental
codes were if you depending on how you
cherry pick what you're looking at I'll
take the second the second letter of
this word but then the next word I'll
take the third letter or whatever your
algorithm is you will find all of these
predictions if you want to call it that
of things that you can verify happened
now because it works on every book we
can conclusively say okay there's
nothing about the Bible except that it's
a big book because it works on every big
book somebody says you have this wrong
Scott alright Jay Miller doc you have
one chance to tell me what was wrong or
I'm gonna block you because for those of
you who knew you get blocked for saying
you're wrong or you're naive on this
podcast or this periscope the reason for
that is not that you're I don't like
competing opinions I do but I want the
opinion I don't want the conclusion I
don't want to hear you I don't want to
hear you tell me I'm wrong tell me I'm
wrong because you got plenty of
characters here you know use the phone
you don't have to give me a detail you
could say you know Scott you're wrong
have you seen you know this person's
analysis or you know you know there's
some fact you don't have to give details
you got plenty of characters to tell me
why I'm wrong but if you say on
ieave from wrong and that's all you say
that you're in the blocking category
just wanna make that clear and that's
mostly just for the viewing pleasure
everybody here we don't need the the
unreasoned negativity I just I don't
have any patience for him all right
the Bible code is a lot like numerology
and that is correct it is a lot like
numerology so here's why if you had
never heard the Bible code then
everything else you see lately would
look different like let's say for
example the mounds and mounds of
evidence that proves that the presence
of the United States colluded with
Russia how much evidence was there for
that tons tons of evidence it was all
kind of sketchy it wasn't it and it
turns out that if you added it all
together it didn't add up to anything
now if you knew of the Bible code you
would know that humans can routinely be
a be surprised and fooled by stuff that
looks like a whole bunch of evidence and
is just coincidence that's what the
Bible Code teaches you that that we are
a species that can't tell the difference
between coincidence and real-life when
you look at you you look at the
Democrats telling you that the president
Trump has said they like to say a
thousand different ways he's proven he's
a white supremacist and you say to
yourself look why is it I haven't seen
even one of them well how could it be a
thousand I read the news every day why
haven't I noticed any and then the
Democrats will say well I mean list them
all and there will list one thing after
another that you say yourself um okay I
see what you're saying but that looks
just like a coincidental choice of words
like anybody else would have done it
doesn't look like a pattern to me right
now now look at Jeffrey Epstein oh this
is the part where I lose you right look
at Jeffrey Epstein why do you think he
definitely got murdered by powerful
people or the
toons or whatever you believe why
because look at all the coincidences man
that many coincidences how could so many
coincidences being meaningless because
of the Bible code well not because of
the Bible Code but understand the Bible
code a whole bunch of coincidences means
nothing nothing it's the moment you say
can't be that many coincidences you've
lost the trail of reason you're not on
the trail of reason if your best reason
for something is a whole bunch of
coincidences because that exists exactly
how the American public is fooled by the
media they package coincidences you know
each side doesn't so take the birther
situation didn't seem like there were a
lot of coincidences there why is it a
coincidence that you know he happens to
have you know Barack Obama husbands have
a Muslim sounding name and he happened
to have there was something irregular
about the birth certificate isn't it a
coincidence that that when he was first
asked for it he didn't you know took him
a while to produce it and you could come
up with probably twelve coincidences
that would tell you oh he must be a
Muslim sleeper cell who was really born
in Ethiopia or whatever the hell it was
I don't care by the way just to be clear
I've never I never bought the birther
saying Obama's a residue bama's a
citizen always was etc but consider how
often packages of coincidences are sold
to the public and it's all Bible code
it's Bible code all the way down just
like Turtles if you don't learn that
lesson it's gonna be a hard life all
right
there's a question about whether Trump's
rhetoric causes white supremacists
shooting
what do you think I'm gonna say do you
think I'm gonna say the president
Trump's rhetoric is a contribute let's
say a contributing factor because
there's never one variable but do you
think President Trump's rhetoric about
immigrants is a contributing cause of
the white supremacists shooting in El
Paso what do you think do you think it's
a contributing cause your comments are
sort of backed up so I can't see the
can't see it in real-time but I'll give
you my answer you're not gonna like it
the answer is yes yes the the
president's rhetoric in my opinion
there's no way to prove this but in my
opinion it does make this type of crime
top of mind same and I'm gonna make the
same argument as I made for video games
now this doesn't mean that the president
should stop talking the way he's doing
that's a slightly different topic here's
the case I'm gonna make people do the
things they can think of to do it's this
is a great rule they should just always
keep in mind people don't do things they
can't think of to do tomorrow I will not
go out and play the tuba
I'm not even thinking about it you only
do the things you think of so one of the
reasons I've said that the violent video
games where you're shooting vast numbers
of people is a causal element of mass
shootings not because if brainwashes
them to become shooters I don't think
the evidence is there for that but it
does give them the idea and if there
were no such thing as any kind of
entertainment content that made you
think about shooting mass numbers of
people a lot of people would never even
consider it it would never even be a
thing in their head now combine the idea
that there is such a thing as mass
shooting
people and people have that in their
head what's the next thing you need you
need a target for whom you are not
sympathetic you need a group of people
that you can tell yourself ah I'm
thinking about mass shootings I'm
thinking about suicide I'm thinking
about killing myself in a way that's
spectacular and awesome but I wanted to
have meaning so I'm thinking about my
video games and my mass shootings I'm
thinking about suicide but I need to
attach it to something with meaning
what's happening in the world what's
everybody talking about what an invasion
from Mexico it's gonna ruin life in this
country say some people well there I've
got it it's my last element I'm thinking
about suicide I'm thinking about mass
shootings because I'm spending all my
time looking at that content I just need
an enemy does your president give them
an enemy yep he does absolutely now
should the president change his rhetoric
because of this problem so that's a
harder question because you could argue
that people simply introducing topics
influences people in lots of ways and
you wouldn't want you wouldn't want to
assign blame for the person who
introduces the topic or talks about it
in a way that they think is honest so
the way president from talks about
immigration I would argue is honest
meaning that that's how he sees it he
sees people pouring across the border
that could have an impact on this
country
he thinks negative based on just the
numbers of them not the fact that
immigration exists but just the numbers
of them and he calls it an invasion is
that anything but an honest opinion that
describes the situation we're all
watching that's sort of an honest
opinion they uses a provocative word but
not an aligned I would think that if you
think it's a problem the word invasion
kind of fits right
could you hold the president responsible
for simply describing a problem within
the domain of his job one of the most
important parts of his job and in
characterizing it as a problem I don't
think you can blame a politician for
describing an observable problem that
we're all observing that said is the way
he talks about it a contributing
variable to somebody having it in their
head that if I'm gonna go out and shoot
a bunch of people since maybe I already
want to do that not me but I'm talking
about the shooter what do I think of
well you think of what's in the news so
I think you can say that the news
industry is equally the brain to blame
and in the way they they amplify his
language the way they focus on the word
invasion etc so I think everybody's got
some I would say a lot of people are
contributing variables but the way we
organize society we don't attribute
blame to people in a legal sense except
for the people who do the crime that
typically it's the people doing the
crime that get the legal blame well
let's be adults everything is a is a
multiple variable situation and one of
the variables is what did you think of
to do and certainly the news and the way
it's covered and even what the leaders
say is part of that so that's the adult
way to look at it instead of saying it's
all good or all bad or result guilty or
he's all innocent why can't it be true
that there's a little bit of
responsibility which is different from
saying he should be doing it differently
that's a slightly different question
right let's see what else I have a
theory that part of the reason for the
you know two movies on one screen you
know the world being seen two different
ways is that we're bad at pattern
recognition but that's the only way we
think we think in terms of patterns but
we're just bad at it let me give you
some example
Trump uses the same rhetoric as white
supremacist so that's part of the claim
today is that the way the white
supremacists talk and the way the
president talks have some overlap is
that true or false I would assume it's
true because you know what they both use
the English language and there's
probably lots of things you could find
the overlaps like the Bible Code all
right so is it true that there's some
overlap I don't know probably is there
any overlap between the things that
Trump says and the local PTA talking
about the school board probably no
there's probably lots of coincidental
overlaps and languages but that's just
word association but here's the other
pattern Trump uses the same rhetoric as
Democrats so is it true that Trump uses
the same rhetoric as white supremacist
well not identical but is it true that
there's some overlap in the choice of
words I would say yes so what do you
make of that if that's the only thing at
you say whoa boy supremacist talk this
way
president Trump talks this way there
must be some connection but then you
lose the other pattern the Trump uses
the same rhetoric as Democrats he
overlaps with two groups what do you
make of the fact that President Trump
uses the same rhetoric as Democrats and
white supremacist doesn't that prove
that Democrats are a way supremacist
because the president uses the same
rhetoric you know the word invasion the
word infestation I'm sure there's some
probably a Democrat was referred to a
city as a you don't think
that's ever happened I would say the
president uses in the same rhetoric as
white supremacists
and Democrats in other words we're bad
at pattern recognition we see patterns
all the play all over the place here's
another one
critics say Trump goes easy on white
supremacists is that true yes
yes that's true in my this is my opinion
if I watch the the type of energy that
the president puts into disavowing white
supremacist I say to myself huh it feels
like he goes harder at Rosie O'Donnell
that he does it white supremacist it
feels like he goes harder at Nancy
Pelosi that he does at white supremacist
now that's just an impression but
remember I I'm you know on the
president's side and even I think that
even I think he goes lighter on white
supremacist than my sense of whether the
census of the way things should be would
suggest so if that were my only pattern
I would say with a Democrat set which is
huh it does seem that he's suspiciously
good to white supremacist but there's
another pattern here it is President
Trump goes easy on anti feh
according to who me according to me he
goes easy on anti-fire identify the one
that wants to kill me what do you think
I think about that
I don't like ante file I think he needs
to go much much harder at them he just
sort of threw them into a sentence and
lumped them with the white supremacist
is that going hard at them no I think he
should be talking about them every
freaking day
that's what I think so we have two
patterns one is that the people on the
Left believe that President goes soft on
white supremacist I look at that and I
go I can see that I can definitely see
that to the president goes soft on
antiphon
who I would like him to go harder and I
see that too
what's the real pattern do you see it
yet
here's the real pattern he doesn't go
that hard at Americans if that's the
first time you realize that doesn't
doesn't it give you a little shock
the president never goes hard at
American citizens think about it doesn't
matter if they're empty fog doesn't
matter if they're a white supremacist
doesn't matter wait for it yes there are
convicted prisoners he's not the one
behind it but he's supported one behind
it but he's supported the president goes
easy on Americans consistently it
doesn't matter if they agree with him it
doesn't matter if they disagree he does
go hard at individuals who are going
hard at him so that's the thing so if
somebody has a name and you know we know
their name it's Bob he'll go after Bob
pretty hard if Bob goes after him that's
what we all observe what if bob is part
of the group does the president ever go
after the group of Americans hard maybe
there might be an example but I don't
really see it
he tends to treat groups of Americans as
well that's sort of your opinion but
individuals he goes after ours because
that's always fair they identify
themselves you know their name they said
bad things as part of the entertainment
that goes after them by name so here's
another one if you're on the Left you
say that Trump routinely insults people
of color and women is that true does
Trump routinely insult people of color
and women absolutely all the time if
you're not noticing that you're not
noticing anything President Trump
routinely does insult people of color
and women all the time
what's the other pattern President Trump
insults all of his critics all of the
time all of them if you only saw the
pattern that he insults people of color
and women which is true you'd say well
therefore
I guess he's a white supremacist and he
said he's a sexist and a white
supremacist if you know they insults all
of his critics all the time what would
you make of that pattern opposite you'd
say are you telling me he's the first
president who ever treated women and
pieces and people of color the same he
is the first person who ever gave enough
enough respect to women and people of
color that he treats them the same his
first president to do it it's jarring
isn't it but if you missed that pattern
they treats everybody the same you're
you're off on your own little false
pattern-recognition here are some more
patterns the Clinton body count that's a
pattern right people who were about to
out the Clintons they end up dead you
see in the pattern there definitely does
seem to be a pattern seems to happen a
lot now here's what you don't see how
many people do the Clintons know just in
general a lot of people if you knew as
many people as the Clintons how many
people that you know personally would
have died in accidents and got murdered
the Clintons probably know I'm 10,000
people if you count all the people who
work for them their supporters people
have some kind of role is the fact that
I don't know a hundred of them died in
bad accidents does that tell you
anything I don't know somebody says come
on come on Scott can't you see the
pattern are you listening to this
periscope at all all right here's
another pattern that people bad things
happen in prisons because prisons can't
control everything
is that a pattern it is right don't bad
things happen in prisons fairly
regularly there
and riots people killed in prison people
people die all the time in prison it's
probably a pretty common thing
here's another pattern and here's the
one that everybody keeps ignoring true
or false Jeffrey Epstein routinely did
things that other people would think
were impossible or couldn't be done that
you forgot that pattern didn't you that
is a very consistent pattern
Epstein did all kinds of things that
other people would have found impossible
he you know not only did he make half a
billion dollars but he had a massive
pedophile ring and got the President of
the United States to fly with him on his
private island to pedophile Island could
you have done that no I'm guessing that
you wouldn't want to do that but if you
wanted to could you have done that and
then once you've got caught the first
time and convicted do you think you
could have gotten Oh
jail time that doesn't count the day
time because you can go to work during
the day do you think you could have
gotten that lightest sentence for that
crime know everything about Epstein says
that he can do stuff that would appear
impossible to ordinary people so what
are the odds that he had the the ability
to commit suicide in a situation that
most people could not have pulled it off
I don't the pattern to me it looks like
he's exactly the guy who could do that
of all the people I've ever heard about
in my entire world name one who would
have been more capable for that specific
crime of convincing really the crime
entirely dependent on convincing the
guards that he wasn't a risk who is
better at convincing people that he's
not a risk when he actually is then
Jeffrey Epstein
nobody has ever been better at
convincing people he's not a monster
then the monster Jeffrey Epstein alright
it's pattern I'm gonna make a prediction
about guns here's my prediction you will
never see a productive gun control
debate you'll never see it part of the
reason is that people don't have facts
on their side because if you haven't
done exactly what is being proposed it
hasn't happened exactly in this country
it's hard to know if it'll work but
you're never going to see a long-form
argument where somebody says you know
there are 10 ways to approach this you
could change this law you could you know
implement this you could educate people
you could do this whatever change the
system they're probably 10 at least semi
feasible ideas floating around do you
think you'll ever see any kind of
content in which either all ten or even
one of them is debated without a time
limit by people who know what they're
talking about will you ever get to watch
that happen
know why there does not exist any kind
of media platform to support that
conversation so the thing that we need
more than anything is a an adult
conversation about what are the options
what can we predict about them and maybe
can we try it for a little while is
there something that we could try small
temporarily see if it works will you
ever see that conversation now is our
government capable of having that
conversation even internally no no
they're not they are not capable of
doing that is the news capable of doing
that now nope
is there any let's say famous pundit who
is capable of doing that
no no because every TV show radio show
etc they at the very least they have a
time limit
so no there is no platform to have the
conversation so as a systems versus goal
guy what do I suggest here it is stop
working on gun control just stop stop
talking about it until we have a
platform to talk about it productively
now of course people will keep talking
about it because that's what we do but
what I'm suggesting is that we should
stop focusing on the goal the goal is to
have less gun violence but still protect
the Second Amendment if we can so those
are the goals but if we keep talking
about the goals you can't get there
that's another problem with goals I
always talk about systems or better than
goals you can't get there talking about
goals but if somebody somewhere could
create a platform and let me just give
you a suggestion I'll use a real person
just because it's easier to talk about
real people I don't necessarily think
you know this is the ultimate suggestion
most of you are familiar with Dave
Rubens show right now Dave Rubin is
unique because he's a a gay man married
on the left but he talks about a lot of
content that would be Trump friendly
without losing his you know his basic
philosophical core and so he's unusual
in that he can cross lives and the way
other people can't cross lines suppose
and I'm not suggesting this for Dave
because he's got his own business that
works really well he doesn't need to
take my suggestions but somebody like
him will just use it as an example he
has a show that he can produce whatever
he wants
in whatever life he wants on whatever
topic he wants and he's unique and that
I believe he could talk about this topic
without you assuming he already has a
side because if he asked me what is Dave
Rubens view on gun control no I I watch
a lot of his content I have no idea
which is perfect right it's perfect
because you don't know what his opinion
is he's associated with the left he does
a lot of content on
right what the hell is his offending on
gun control he may have said it once but
I'm not sure he ever has cuz that you
know he's not really in the he's not
really in the opinion business so much
as the letting other people get their
opinions business so imagine somebody
like him saying all right there are ten
ideas I'm going to do ten episodes or
whatever and this episode will just be
about extending background checks and
and we'll go as long as it takes and
we'll have somebody on both sides who
can do fact-checking in real-time so
you've got your two debaters and then
each of your debater has a at least one
fact checker sitting off screen and
somebody makes a claim the other person
says no that's not true
and then Dave says hold on fact checkers
like we'll keep talking but you fact
checkers check the claim and show us
your sources and we'll double back to
that now let's just keep talking okay
you got your answer all right who's got
a source you've got the New York Times
you've got this now you might not be
able to drill down to an answer because
even the sources are unreliable
wouldn't you say would you trust any
real it's hard to trust any source when
it comes to that but at least we can
find out what is known you know we can
we can at least get to a deeper level so
imagine if you will creating some kind
of a platform like that and really
airing out all of the specific subtopics
yeah somebody says it's too boring and I
think you're right I one of the reasons
that you don't have this platform is
that it's not a big probably wouldn't be
a big audience scanner unless you had a
real celebrity type person doing it
which is another reason you know dave
rubin has a big audience already so you
might be able to bring a lot of
attention but you'd want yeah joe rogan
is another one
you know Joe Rogan is a little less
political a lot less political so might
not be the perfect vehicle just because
the type of audience he has but somebody
like that the other person who could do
it is me what is my opinion on gun
control you don't no idea
it's a little unclear isn't you you
don't really know my opinion on gun
control I mean I'll tell you my opinion
is if you can find something reasonable
to test small let's do it
is that a disagreeable opinion to
anybody on the left or anybody in the
right I think it probably would be
disagreeable to people on the right who
have the the slippery slope problem but
keep in mind I'm just telling you my
starting position like you know I'm
about as close as you can get to
open-minded on this question as anybody
I would say as a as an absolute no gun
confiscations of you know handguns and
hunting rifles and stuff like that I
mean the Second Amendment has to stand I
think that's a that's a hard line but
there's a lot of room to play that won't
necessarily take away all your rights
and so somebody needs to create a
platform to have the actual discussion
otherwise it's just a big waste of time
and all it's going to be is to see which
see which group can shout the loudest
and and you know get the most people
elected and there's no sense of a reason
or logic or even a workable system
that's even involved in this
conversation where we're all gol
thinking with no system whatsoever to
have a productive conversation all right
somebody says Brian lamb of c-span don't
know about him but I don't can you get
enough people to watch seasoning follow
pregger you and watch his short videos
the trouble with short videos they
definitely have their place and Praeger
you does a sensational job with their
videos especially the if you saw Steve
Cortes with his fine people
hoax debunking last I checked he got
four million views and it's probably
much higher by now four million views
debunking this is Steve Cortes debunking
on Prager you
with the video debunking the fine people
hoax four billion views that's a fact so
that might but unfortunately preggers
you was associated with a team so it
wouldn't be the the right system to use
to have a unbiased conversation
alright that's all I got for now I'll
talk to you later