that is good swaddling right there well
come on everybody
it's time for your evening climbed down
from your perch of worry and start to
feel good about the day and feel a
little more optimistic and get ready to
relax into a awesome night's sleep
it's gonna be good well we have some
controversial things we'll talk about
some interesting things will stimulate
your mind but when it's all done your
brain will be exhausted you'll be in a
perfect condition to drift off to sleep
boy wiII you be happy so I did a little
poll on Twitter because I can and I
asked people how many people think that
that weird sickness they had in January
because so many of us report something
like that how many of us think we
actually had coronavirus already Oh
whiteboard is coming don't worry and how
many people do you think said that that
they think they actually had the corona
virus already and hundreds and hundreds
of people who answered so I'm also one
of the people who had a weird whatever
was wrong with me in January was not
like anything I've experienced before
couldn't walk upstairs short of breath
on everything thought I was gonna die
but I didn't have a cough so you know
maybe it wasn't that so it turns out
about 48% of the people answering the
unscientific poll think they already had
the corona virus now what does that do
to your calculation about risk and your
calculation about going back to work
what does it mean if
let's say there's something like 48% of
the entire country thinks that because I
don't think there's any reason that the
people who follow me on Twitter are more
likely to think they had the coronavirus
you know it's not a scientific poll but
if I had to guess i guess the half of
the country everywhere you ask would say
you know i did have some strange illness
in january now why this is important is
in order for the government to make a
decision about when to go back to work
and how the public has to be supportive
if you're calculating the odds of you
know catastrophic hospitalizations or
even your own odds or your odds is
somebody in your family would get it
from you those sorts of things it really
really is gonna be influenced by whether
you think you already have the
antibodies right how could it not be and
so I worry that that's exactly the sort
of thing which could be like a gigantic
influence in public opinion which would
of course have a gigantic influence on
what the government could do because the
government can't really do something
that the public hates too much you need
a little bit of support right so I
wonder about that so it would be great
to be able to figure out how many of us
have actually had it in some
statistically valid way so that you
could get talked out of the odds that
you're one of the few people who had it
because I don't think 50 percent of the
country had coronavirus in January I
mean maybe maybe somebody said does
Scott get the flu shot you know I used
to but I haven't the last two years
because it feels like the the odds of it
making a difference are so low that I
can't tell myself to walk across the
parking lot and get a shot
I probably should you know if I were
being super rational about it but the
benefit in terms of mentally how much
benefit I think I got I think they're
just guessing with these flu shots like
you know they're trying to guess which
one is going to be the active one and
it's already too late by the time the
shot is put together so I probably
should but the benefit is shrunk to the
point where I can't motivate myself to
do it so don't take my advice on that
that's for sure alright I was asked to
look in the video a documentary called
out of shadows this might get me thrown
off the internet we'll find out now Mike
Servette mentioned it on Twitter and
that alerted me to it and somebody asked
me my opinion on it so I thought all
right I was doing a little drawing
anyway needed something to listen to so
I listened to it and it's definitely
worth watching but I also say that
things are worth watching what I don't
think they're true all right so it's
definitely worth watching in the same
way that I love all the ancient alien TV
shows I don't quite think those shows
are necessarily spot-on what really
happened but they're really fun to watch
because I'm always amazed that they can
find so much evidence for you know any
damn theory that they want so it doesn't
have to be true to be recommendable you
can make your own mind up about how much
is true anyway it's all he would
stuntman who said he sort of ended up
going down this rabbit hole of discovery
about what's really running the world
and how things really work and he had
the yeah the following revelations if
you can call it that
now again you get to decide are these
true revelations or is he over
interpreting or crazy or what
but here here are the things he believes
that he has plenty of evidence for
number one that the CIA is and always
has been influencing move
and books of entertainment to brainwash
the public for whatever reasons the CIA
in the country you think would be good
for the country or good for somebody so
claim number one CIA influences popular
culture on a routine basis for some
effect true or false I would say
obviously true that was that what even
in questioned at the very least we all
know that the military has always worked
with Hollywood to make sure the military
is you know portrayed in a good light
and that's clearly just propaganda for
the country well I'm not saying it's
evil I'm not saying it's wrong but of
course now you should also expect and
and here's my general statement about
these things whenever you have a
situation where it's possible to do
something and there are a lot of people
involved so it's not just one not making
a decision but lots of people are
involved it's possible to do something
and there's a gigantic upside game
potentially not necessarily but
potentially a huge upside game and
almost no risk what happens in all of
those situations in all of those
situations bad behavior happens every
time
so you don't have to ask yourself huh I
wonder if this is one of those rare
times when there was something to gain
something devious was easy to do it
would almost certainly work the upside
potential would be incalculable and the
odds of being caught and punished are
basically nothing you don't really have
to ask you you don't have to ask is
there evidence you don't even need
evidence now in the the film he offers
some evidence and talks about things
that are unclassified and you know it is
fairly convincing but I don't think you
needed any evidence because of course
it's being done and you can extend that
of course we're doing it to other
countries do I need any evidence to know
that the CIA is is attempting anyway to
influence other countries by influencing
their their media and their news well I
have no evidence to suggest that's true
except it's true because they can
there's a big upside they're not there's
not really much penalty of getting
caught I said as long as those as long
as those factors are in place of course
it's happening and you should assume
that other countries are also trying to
influence our media our news etc so for
a for a documentary that's making
shocking claims I found it fairly
ordinary at least on that part so
there's a second part that's even more
fun and so I judge that true although
maybe some of the examples here's where
I depart from the documentary I don't
think we can necessarily spot those
cases we might think we can yeah you
might look at a movie now I would say
huh
now that I know the CIA is doing it I
can tell that that part of the movie was
influenced by the CIA you can't do that
all right that's not a thing
if they're doing it they're probably
clever enough that it's not going to be
heavy-handed or if it's heavy-handed
such as making the military look good
then it's probably exactly what you
think it is but I don't think you can
necessarily spot those clever ways that
they're they're influencing the media
sometimes it's obvious when you actually
let me let me back that up if you're
watching a movie it might not always be
obvious even if you think it is if
you're watching the news well sometimes
that's a little bit obvious like when
NBC does stuff you look at NBC and you
think oh they should just change their
initials to CIA because sometimes it's
just so obvious but you can be wrong
about those two so I suppose I can be
wrong about that all right the
a big part of the claim is that there
are in fact very large and active
pedophile reigns at the highest rooms of
power and Hollywood and in government
and among rich people do I judge that to
be true or false of course is true is
anybody doubting that does anybody doubt
that there are powerful groups I don't
know if they're all connected but you
know there are clearly powerful groups
within different countries different
organizations clearly powerful
pedophiles and Hollywood plenty of
reporting on that now I don't have to
have meetings I don't know how much they
share yeah you have to assume that
there's some of that too so I'm going to
say that the general claim that there
are gigantic widespread semi-organized
and sometimes very organized pedophile
rings I would say is true now the second
part of that claim is that the CIA may
also be somehow associated with some of
this because it allows them to get dirt
on people that they could later
influence now do you think that the CIA
or let's take any intelligence agency it
doesn't have to be the CIA could be any
other country do you think that any
intelligence agency would try to get
compromising sex-related or even illegal
behavior activity of important people
such that they can influence them later
yes yes of course why it's easy to do
there's a huge upside almost no penalty
for getting caught and a lot of people
are involved as I read HX every box so
again you don't need any evidence to
know that that you don't need evidence
to know that there's plenty of
pedophilia going around at high
I feel like you all agree with that
right how organized it is and you know
if you're gonna throw in Hillary Clinton
that I've got a problem with that like I
don't think there's any evidence that
Hillary Clinton's in on it so you know
you could extend it to the point of
ridiculous but certainly there's plenty
of it going on and you should assume
that every intelligence agency
everywhere in every country is taking
advantage of it wherever they can
so certainly there would be some kind of
you know overlap between those stuff
there's another the parts that I was I
thought were interesting is that even
though it was sort of taking the I hate
to even use the word because I'm gonna
get so I don't want to get blocked on
platforms so I'm gonna reverse a word
okay if the second part of the word is
gate and the first part of the word is a
round flat food item that has sauce and
cheese on it usually I don't want to use
the word because the the text the
voice-to-text will pick it up and I'll
get kicked off at YouTube just for
mentioning it so this is mentioned but
interestingly even though it's a
documentary promoting that these things
exist it did not find any evidence that
common Pizza was involved with anything
so I thought well that's yeah at least
that's fair it didn't find any evidence
that that that that one business was
involved and in the indeed nobody else
has either but it didn't mention that
there was a similar store like right on
the block or across the street that had
as its logo the International sign for
pedophilia I don't know if that's true
somebody'd have to fact-check that so
I'm not sure I believe it just because
it was in the documentary but and then
here's here's the part that was really
interesting you know all those emails
that got hacked
you know the stories about the
references to that round flat food item
and you know that that is allegedly and
I guess there's pretty good evidence for
it there is a code word for people
operating in this shadowy world and it's
been a while since I've seen the actual
emails and so I was showing the actual
sentences that that this word was used
in and it's laughingly obvious that
they're not really talking about the
food now I guess there's some chance
that they were using this specific food
item as a code word for some completely
unrelated thing that's possible but you
could tell quite clearly from the
sentence they weren't talking about food
because of the way it was used and it's
obvious it was not about food so it was
a code for something and it's well know
that this code apparently exists in that
shadowy particular underworld so I have
to say that that was pretty compelling
pretty compelling now what I always warn
against is with any documentary if you
don't see the counterpoint you can
really be convinced by one side of any
argument so with that caveat I've only
seen their explanation maybe the next
person would say no those are not even
the right emails that's from something
else or they might say no you fool there
was nothing across the street he made
that part up so I don't know what the
counter-argument but if you were just to
judge it by itself and he didn't look
for any other context pretty pretty
convincing I got to say but it doesn't
mean it's true
all right then the other part there that
for me was sort of a tell that it wasn't
all true was all the satanic stuff so
there was quite a bit of tying tying
that world into the satanic world and
the whole satanic stuff honestly no no
rang as probably true can't rule it out
don't rule it out but it's a little bit
too on the nose like the McMartin
preschool case which had similar
allegations and turned out to be false
anyway let's see
apparently the New York Times wrote this
wrote up a piece in which they were
trying to excuse Biden from the
allegations against them for some me to
stuff back to the 90s and they tweeted a
part of the road article but then they
had to go back and change the article
but they left the tweet you know and the
part that they got to get rid of is that
are trying to excuse Biden and they said
they said that they couldn't find any
evidence in his past after they did
their research they couldn't find any
you know bad behavior quote beyond hugs
kisses and touching that people were
uncomfortable with now I'm thinking what
do you mean they couldn't find any bad
behavior
aside from hugs kisses and and touching
that people found uncomfortable yeah and
so it's one of those self canceling
sentences like wait a minute that is bad
behavior if they were uncomfortable and
he kept doing it or even if they were
comfortable with it would still be bad
behavior by by the standards of the day
so I guess they would they have to go
back and get rid of that sentence in the
article but they had already tweeted and
they kept a tweet up so that they were
busted that and of course all the alert
pundits said New York Times you're not
even pretending to do journalism anymore
that that is not even that is not even
trying to hide it they weren't I mean it
was purely just trying to defend Biden
against exactly the same kind of
accusations that Cavanaugh had and and
making them just completely reverse
their stand the whole media really
really the reverse their stand and argue
the point that they were just arguing
the opposite of a year ago so they look
like idiots
fun all right
I gotta say by now I'm gonna do the
controversial part first so that I don't
end on that I think you'll appreciate
that so I've been mowing the lawn on
Twitter what I mean by mowing the lawn
is that I say something that I know will
get people all worked up and then I know
who to block so I thought I was I was
kicking up the Chinese trolls because I
have a suspicion that you've heard the
reporting that there's massive Chinese
interference already on social media so
there are lots of Chinese BOTS
pretending to be real people dealing
with people now I assume I would be on
their target list or at least of the top
hundred right because I'm sure they got
lots of targets but I'm probably the top
hundred just because of the things I say
and I'm near the top of the hating the
Chinese government so what do we assume
that I probably on their radar one way
or the other and so I thought well I'm
gonna see if I can I can surface them by
saying something that they would be more
likely to respond to than normal people
now I think this strategy failed
completely
it's possible that some of the people I
blocked they were you know Chinese
agents but probably none because what I
did was I accidentally kicked up all the
people who have really bad arguments
about freedom and they got really mad at
me now all the people who who got
blocked it's not so much because they
had a different opinion
again I don't block people for different
opinions don't do it I do block people
if they say in public
well I'm thinking incorrectly or even
correctly they yeah the only person who
should be telling the public what I'm
thinking is me so if you do it I don't
care what your intentions are I don't
want you in my world
I don't want anybody telling other
people what I think because it's almost
never right so it just has a good you
know it's not even personal it's not
like I hate you for doing it
it's just I I prefer not to have any
involvement with people who who think
that that makes sense
so here's how I ratcheted this up and
cause trouble I suggested that we're a
few things I suggested one is that there
could be an app that you would
voluntarily that's a keyword voluntarily
every day put into your particular of
your temperature and you know if you
have any symptoms and then that would be
able to maybe you've not it wouldn't
work every time of course but it might
pick up some hot spots where you
wouldn't get them otherwise
now what were the two major comments to
that and this will tell this is like the
story of my life
because I I surface a lot of ideas and
yeah I can't tell you how many times
this happens so in the comments the
commenter will come in and say that will
never work and they'll give reasons why
this will never work and the comment
right below it will be oh it's already
being done here's the name of the
company and it's always the one right
after the one who says that can never
work Scott you dreamer you crazy crazy
guy next comment oh here's a link to it
they've been doing that for a year so it
turns out I thought I knew that there
was an app that came with a measuring
measuring device a temperature device
that were paired it was paired to the
app but I mistakenly thought that that's
all I did I thought it was only
temperature and my idea was to ask if
you'd lost your sense of smell and do
you have any other symptoms but I've
been informed
I think reliably that the temperature
app also asks those questions so it
would be fine for exactly what I said
so it'll never work say all the smart
people on the internet followed by oh it
already works there's a company doing
that you should get one I can't tell you
how many times this has happened to me
all right now here's the other thing
that got people worked up so people
complained that I was trying to limit
their freedom to you know the freedom to
just go back to work even if there was
some impact on other people they claimed
they claimed that as their freedom now I
don't disagree with that by the way well
we'll get to my opinion here but I don't
disagree with that that would be exactly
a description of freedom yeah freedom
would be you can go to work even if
there's some negative effects but what I
did find is that I thought I would help
clarify people's thinking about this
freedom thing and that's where things
got bad and I said you should be
thinking in terms of three levels of
freedom the not having freedom is what
we have now so right now we don't have
freedom because the government says stay
home and it feels like there would be
penalties if we disobey that so right
now that's no freedom but people
mistakenly think that freedom would be
the ability for anybody who wants you to
go to work well anybody who doesn't like
that risk doesn't have to they can go to
work or they can stay home and then
everybody has freedom to which I say no
that is incorrect analysis that's only
half freedom if you want to get to
actual freedom you have to let your
neighbor kill you if he doesn't want to
take the risk of you going to work
that's freedom so you have to get rid of
all all of the rules and all of the
penalties for a bad action so if you're
keeping some penalties because of these
actions will have a bad impact on other
people such as you know wear your
seatbelt it'll keep the health care
costs and insurance down for everybody
so so I was just trying to be helpful in
my provocative way by saying you're not
advocating for freedom you're advocating
for just another type of limited freedom
and I'll bet you that every person who
said
you can't take my freedom away if I want
to go to work it doesn't matter even if
as a bad effect on other people how many
of the people with that argument do you
think have driver's licenses because
what's the driver's license
that's the government telling you you
can or cannot drive and the only route
and the only way you can is if you've
demonstrated to the government that
there's a good chance you can keep other
people at least a little bit safe
because you know how to drive and you're
wearing glasses and you've met the
minimum requirements of a driver so we
don't live in a world in which we're not
continuously training off our privacy
and our freedom to get benefits in fact
the entire well this is an exaggeration
but a big part of what the government
does and why you have it is to make
exactly those decisions of saying all
right all right you really want this to
work better but unfortunately the only
way this is going to work better is if I
take a little bit of this freedom away
from you and and maybe this privacy -
are you okay with that now sometimes we
get asked and sometimes we don't but the
point is everything we see in government
is this process of weighing the benefit
of losing a little freedom with the
positive that could come from that with
full exposure and visibility we all know
what we're arguing about we all know
that's the trade-off
so for those people who think that they
should have the freedom and by the way I
still haven't given you my opinion if
you think you've heard my opinion you
haven't i'm simply describing the the
field and so the people who say yes i
should be able to go to work because i
feel the risks are low to me and i also
don't think the risks are that high to
other people relative to other risks so
i think i should be allowed to go to
work now here's what might surprise you
that's a reasonable argument that's
completely reasonable that's
buddy who said all right I'm looking at
all the pluses and minuses and I know
that a lot of people would die under
this plan but all things considered I
think we're better off this way at least
the people who don't die her better off
then the people who know how loved ones
died B Bueller better off so that's a
completely reasonable opinion and people
I think people believe that I was
fighting against that I would say I'm
still evaluating so I haven't come down
on that or or the opposite I see it I
feel like I'd need to know a lot more
just just like the the crisis team needs
to know here's my question for those
people who have that opinion what is
your assumption about what happens to
the healthcare system because you know I
would like to have health care at the
moment I don't really have a health care
system you know what I mean because I've
got two operations that were scheduled
there you know or one was going to be
scheduled but do I have health care I
pay for health care the reason I can't
have health care is because these people
want to exercise their freedom to go to
work in the future so hypothetically so
if so let's say the let's say the
government said well we're at it we're
out of it you're right
just just operate responsibly you're
responsible people act like adults you
know do what you can and so people go to
work because they think the arrests that
risks are worth it to them and and to
the damage of other people they go to
work what do they think happens to the
hospitals somebody says be s yeah that's
a block so I'm gonna blow call the
people who are just not even willing to
think about all the variables so at
least let me finish all right somebody
said the hospitals are empty that might
be the least aware comment of the day
let me explain for the billionth time I
don't I don't know you could be watching
the news and not be aware of this most
of the hospitals are empty because they
were getting rid it ready for the push
and they cancelled all the people like
me
when two operations upcoming and so
they're they're intentionally empty so
that they can be ready just in case so
you should think of that as like
insurance it's not a mistake to get
ready just in case it's not a permanent
state it doesn't tell you anything about
where the virus is going it just tells
you that at the moment they're ready
that's all it tells you either should
there's no other information you should
get for that but if you look at New York
City and Italy and some other places I
think we're beyond arguing whether it
would have an impact and impact on your
health care so do other people have the
freedom or should they have the freedom
in this country to go to work
if the probable impact let's say that
they just do it with no restrictions
they just want full freedom I just want
to go to work
if the probable outcome of that is that
healthcare is unavailable to me is that
okay no it might be because remember
almost everything we do has an impact on
other people if I Drive my car I might
kill you with my car so can I Drive a
car well here's here's and this is the
thing that people argue here's the thing
we've Society has decided that the risk
with cars is acceptable and we have a
healthcare system that can handle that
Society has decided that some people
smoking cigarettes will not ideal is
acceptable and our health care system is
sized to handle that they've decided
that you can do your extreme sports and
our health care system is sized to
handle that in fact you can drink your
alcohol our health care system is sized
to handle it
so if you're comparing going to work and
knowing that you're going to spread the
virus and according to every expert
would overload at least some of our
metropolitan cities that's not the same
we're not sized to handle it if we were
sized to handle it your argument be far
stronger
somebody says New York City is not the
USA but it would be according to all the
experts now I'm not going to overrule
the experts I'm just going to saying I'm
gonna say I don't believe there's
anybody who has a viral adjust in their
title who doesn't think this would sweep
through the country if if we didn't
mitigate can somebody fact check that is
there anybody who's an actual
professional who's in this biology field
who has come out and said in public you
could just not mitigate just don't do
anything and we'll be fine or do they
all think it will turn into some version
of New York as some some rate yeah it
just might not be overnight all right so
fact check me on that but I feel like
I'm pretty from there so there was so
much loser think in my let me call out
these specific loser I think so a lot of
people are doing the one variable
thinking they're just thinking about my
freedom freedom's absolute my freedom
and they're forgiving about all the
other variables like okay there's a
reason to get a driver's license it's to
protect the other people all right it's
not about one variable so one variable
thinking the chapter in my book
lose to think they also compare it to
the wrong things I give you the example
they're comparing it to driving it's a
bad comparison because driving accidents
don't overwhelm our hospital systems
they use the slippery slope argument
that if you do this anything you do
voluntarily well if it's a good idea
it's going to become the law I've got a
whole chapter on why this slippery slope
doesn't make sense now there are things
that do progress and I would certainly
admit that if he had a voluntary app
that was so good that the government
said you know it's so good we're just
gonna make that mandatory of course that
could happen but it would happen because
it's a good idea yeah it's not a
slippery slope to move in a direction of
better ideas so you know I I agree that
you could slip toward bad ideas as well
but we generally don't yeah we don't
we'll slip there we make decision
we go there willingly and then of course
there's a failure of imagination and a a
mind-reading element where people kept
accusing me of really having a sinister
plan for a tyrannical dictatorship like
that was my secret plan and that's the
reason I was suggesting some ideas is
that it was all really to soften you up
sort of like the CIA is doing and that
they thought of softening you up for the
totally and totalitarian takeover of all
your rights of your and your privacy
weirdly and maybe somebody can answer
this for me weirdly
something like 60 to 70 percent of all
the people who complained in a specific
way also had icons that were black and
white designs yeah they were black and
white now there are that many black and
white icons or right or what do you call
it yeah the icon for your for your
profile there aren't that many that are
black and white but why is that that
about 70 percent of the people who were
arguing for an absolute freedom no
matter the cost
why is it the seventy percent of them
had black and white but different
designs the black and white is that does
that mean something is there is there
some kind of belief system in which that
that's a style is it Q is it somebody
said Q and they could be that because I
was wondering if there's oh your avatar
yeah
so people's avatars were not even black
and white people necessarily they were
just designs so here's why I'm asking if
they're Chinese agents if you are China
what would be one of the most damaging
things you could do to the United States
I'll answer the question the most
damaging thing you could do to the
United States would get on social media
pretend to be real people that argue
that the most important thing and the
only thing we should be looking at is
our freedom to go back to work because
that is going to base
causes to rage with virus while China
will lie and say ours is under control
look we have zero again today so China
would like to to pretend that they got
everything under control with their
system hey that Chinese Communist system
look what we did yeah got that under
control how you doing with your freedoms
over there yeah how about your freedom
did your constitution work out for you
Oh a million people died oh so sorry can
we ship you some defective masks and
gowns would you be happy can I steal
your IP can I send you some fentanyl so
I'm not gonna say that all of the people
who were coming at me today a lot of
them they came in I was a wave they
seemed to all come at once and they
seemed to have very similar arguments
those similar arguments are identical to
what I would do if I were the Chinese
government and I really wanted to mess
with this country bad and you know they
do because they're doing it I mean it's
not like I'm guessing we've we've caught
them doing it exactly the way I'm
describing it so are these Americans who
have six levels of loser think meaning
their mind-reading failure of
imagination slippery slopes are real
comparing the wrong variables one
variable thinking that's a lot of bad
thinking for one person right isn't that
a lot of thinking mistakes for one real
person because my observation is that
real people can have one or two
sometimes three have you ever seen a
real person have six simultaneous
glaring obvious elements of loser think
in one opinion I don't know if these are
real people folks so let me just say
this if it turns out they're all real
people and they're just you know Q
followers or something I totally
wouldn't believe that so I'm not coming
down on the opinion that these are
definitely Chinese agents but their
opinions are identical I'll die on that
hill I
died on the hill that the worst thing
that China could do is try to get us to
ignore the health concerns of others and
just go to work without any restrictions
that would be their most clever plan if
they're not doing that they're not as
smart as we think because that's what I
do what would you do what would you do
seriously what would you do right and
they might even be playing both sides I
mean they might have the trolls that are
arguing we should stay you know locked
up forever because that's bad for the
economy trolls that are arguing we
should just go out and have a civil war
or get our rights back because the
conflict is good too you know China wins
both ways all right now let's talk about
something happier which is the economy
and this is kind of fun so this is the
thing I wanted to leave you with you
know I'm gonna start weird have you ever
noticed how similar a viruses to an idea
in both cases an idea or a virus they're
there things that use humans as hosts
they cause a physical change in you in
other words in order to store an idea in
your head it's associated with a
physical and chemical change in your
brain if that physical and chemical
change went away then so would the idea
and likewise a virus you know becomes
part of you it's you know it was
incorporated with you for at least for a
while
and then both of these can spread by
contact now I'll get to a point it's
really it's really worth it you're gonna
love it
so among our ideas and this is just some
samples rights by no means complete are
the ideas our Constitution is important
capitalism entrepreneurship risk
management science engineering and even
optimism these these are all ideas that
we hold as important and they've been
developed over centuries and eons and
these are the ideas that basically keep
us working well now at the moment we are
compatible
with most of our ideas meaning that the
human species which are the hosts
work well with the ideas so if the ideas
succeed well they can only do it because
our physical bodies and brains you know
we're also reproducing and succeeding I
think the best way to look at this is
that it's not humans against virus
rather our ideas which you can almost
think of as a separate entities that the
ideas are in a war with the viruses and
the humans are nothing but the
battlefield we're nothing but the
battlefield because humans are humans we
think that were the were the players we
think we're the central characters bow
or not we're the canvas we're not the
painting we're just the battlefield the
raging battle is between the ideas which
if you watch them they're the ideas have
almost automatically with the help of
the the people as their hosts the ideas
have immediately emerged hey here a
bunch of ideas we're fighting the virus
then the idea started like combining and
getting stronger and evolving did you
see how much how many ideas sprung out
of this crisis it was like an idea of
volcano just so as soon as as soon as
the the host was threatened the ideas
sensed the threat because if the host
dies the ideas die with it and so the
ideas you know using the humans as their
as their their base just sort of forming
and fomenting and just form this furious
amount of energy and every part of our
society or our life was reimagined so
the ideas went into full battle mode
full battle mode immediately and and it
changed everything it just put their
host on shut down the hosts are saying
we want to go back to work and the ideas
are saying not yet now these ideas
collectively form the economy because
it's these ideas that cause us to be
motivated we we work with
arms and legs we buy things we trade
things and then there's a whole bunch of
physical stuff you know the buildings
the jobs the products the machines but
those all start with ideas and the ideas
motivate our bodies and then we build
these things so the economy is mostly a
bunch of ideas that's the important part
but keep in mind if you blew up all of
this stuff let's say there's a world war
and a lot of stuff gets destroyed as
long as the ideas are intact and we're
not dead we could probably figure out a
way to get back to a good economy such
as after World War 2 but what if it goes
the other way what if we lost all of our
ideas but we still had our products and
our tools and our our buildings we're
all dead because it's the ideas that
matter
these are the important things the the
physical manifestations of them are also
important but those can all be changed
if you mess with this stuff everything
breaks right so this stuff immediately
just started super evolving when we're
done with this our ideas will have risen
to a new level of being if you will it's
almost like they just went into rapid
evolution and improved and merged and
combined into this you know wondrous
thing all right so here's the first bit
of optimism you can't kill this you'd
have to kill all of us yeah if there's
three of us left over
you know we're gonna reassemble right
because the idea is just need a host and
and then they'll build back your economy
and everything so the first good news is
the strongest part of the the war is in
really good shape the ideas rose to the
challenge and it looks like they're
gonna get it done but there will be some
technical problems with the economy and
I would just call out these three of
course you could make a really long list
of all the problems but primarily
there's going to be credit problems
where people didn't pay their bills and
then
loans can't pay off their debts banks
might be in trouble you've got a demand
problem where yeah we got products but
nobody has money to buy them where's my
demand and then of course food I think
food will be solved because we're a
compassionate country and we're not
gonna run out of supplies that's that
seems you know we'll run out of maybe
choices but we're not gonna run out of
food and if people rather than money to
buy the food well as I said on my
earlier periscope nobody in my
neighborhood is gonna get hungry because
if anybody needs a meal in my
neighborhood
I'll just buy them a meal and if ten
people need meals I'll buy a ten people
meals so I think you know the government
and neighbors etc even if they don't get
their checks on time I think we'll eat I
would predict at least four people who
are willing to leave they're willing to
talk to other people I worry this it
might be some elderly you just don't
want to ask for help that that would be
the saddest but for the most part there
won't be starvation there would be some
special cases where just terrible
tragedies happen but there'll be special
cases so the two big problems to get us
back to work
are demand and credit I would say that
credit is solvable if the government of
the United States is willing to back the
banks and Bank the back to people is
willing to change some rules baby force
the credit companies to you know not
report any defaults that happen during
this period so you could imagine that
with the full weight of the government
working on it as long as the government
of the United States exists with the
biggest military in the world
we got credit right so I think we have
plenty of muscle to protect the banks
and protect people who have credit
problems I think we can work that out
the demand problem won't be completely
fixed by giving people their money but
it might help a little let's talk about
the interesting part yeah I'll get to
the interesting part
so this is the way it's supposed to work
right so the government's gonna print
money they're not going to borrow this
is very important distinction so the
plan for this for these checks and for
the rescuing the economy is to actually
just magically just say okay we have
more money now and the government just
issues more money basically it's not
literally printed but you know what I
mean so government issues more money
they give it to the citizens I'll call
it universal basic income for two months
from whatever it ends up being and they
take that money and they stimulate the
economy and they buy things from the
stores and then the stores have profits
they can pay taxes and it goes back in
so that's pretty good now but where does
this two or three trillion dollars come
from that's the interesting question
because how do you just say hey hey it's
three trillion dollars we just printed
money and now we have three trillion
dollars more so is that free so I asked
this question of actual economists so I
did a tweet and said you know economists
explain this to me is there any downside
and if there's no downside so I'm seeing
people asking in the comments so it's
not going to be borrowing this time we
do borrow and the national debt has
grown that's a separate problem this is
not that this is actually just printing
more money just because we can we
control the printing presses the
government issues the currency so I just
issues more so three trillion issued
more now what's the first question you
ask yourself wait we can do that if we
can do that why haven't we done that
before and you can see in the comments
the reasoning
the reason is inflation so the reason
that you don't just print money is
because then there'd be more money than
there is stuff so where you used to have
a hundred dollars floating around in the
universe this is oversimplified
say where you used to have $1,000 and
let's say there was only one product in
the world
well the thousand dollars would buy you
to that product but if you suddenly have
two thousand dollars the person said
they'd sell you the phone is going to
think you know well bet they'd pay more
than a thousand they have two thousand
so I'll just try to charge in two
thousand see what happens and of course
they pay it because it's they're still
paying everything they have for the
phone so I'm doing a bad job of
explaining it but the point is if you
just increase the money but not the
number of products and services then you
get inflation there's one exception
though there's only one exception where
you could just print three trillion
dollars and it would just be free do you
know what that one exception is this
this is the one exception because the
demand is so low who could raise prices
today now if you don't let's not count
the emergency equipment than the price
gouging that's the very small part of
the economy so not counting the price
gouging who's gonna raise the price of
their their phone nobody I mean they
might want to well how'd it how do they
do that
how was when you go back to work with
your little you be I check you know and
you go back to work and demand this low
and nobody's getting paid as much does
the person who makes this battery pack
did they raise the price and the you
know while all the demands no no they
can't the only time the only time that
you could potentially just print three
to three trillion dollars is right now
there's no other time you could do it
and it would be free now it is correct
that if the economy just came raging
back and it was a major success you
would have too much money and they're
too soon because demand would come
raging back but I don't believe anybody
thinks that that's going to happen in
the next two years so if you could take
the the risk of inflation
and push it off a few years until the
economy comes up you probably wouldn't
even notice it by then so here's the
greater point which was explained to me
by Joshua Gans who's a working
professional economist I go to him on
Twitter for my economics questions we
don't always agree but his take on
things always are rational it makes
sense and are well informed and here's
how he explained it but I like this
explanation it's just an alternate way
of looking at the same thing that
putting money into the system just
printing three trillion dollars would be
bad if it caused an imbalance but if
what it's doing is bringing balance back
to the system it could be there's no way
to know free money
we're in the only the only situation
that I didn't even imagine that we could
ever be here frankly yeah ok there's no
other situation that would leave all of
our means of production perfectly in
place except for a virus that's it just
a virus even if it was a you know
EMT what does it UMP even if it was that
it would destroy all the electronics you
couldn't just go back to work but the
one and only situation where all of your
assets and everything are still in place
you just don't have any demand is this
this very exact specific situation you
want here the best part so not only do
we get to invent to three trillion
dollars which by the way it's not like
you're Salzer it solves our problem we
have you know there's a tough year ahead
I don't want to sugarcoat it I'm just
telling you that the good news to help
you balance and against the stuff that
genuinely is stuff you need to worry
about the good news is that it does look
like we can print three trillion dollars
just because we wanted to and it's only
because of this situation now what have
I been telling you about Trump
that makes him different from all other
politicians what is it what is the
saying I say all the time about him that
he does the one thing that nobody else
does and what is that somebody's gonna
say it in the comments but he finds free
money yeah there is money on the ground
he walks by the table and he says pile
of money seriously nobody nobody you all
see this right am I the only one who
sees this giant pile of money I guess I
am going once going twice anybody all
right he takes the big pile of money and
he does it time after time now usually
it's in the political sense you know you
see says or does the thing that was easy
I said this when he formed a space force
you know some some President was going
to form space Wars it was going to be
him or the one after or the one after
that whatever so it was free money
because whoever whoever is the first one
to do it is forever the one who formed
space force so it was just an example of
free money of course it was just smart
to do that so we have it and and let me
say as clearly as I can
economics is complicated I have a degree
in this stuff and I had to ask an actual
economist to check my thinking now he
added a lot of texture that that really
helped my thinking but the basic the
basic thing is that there can be a
perfect situation in which you can just
print three trillion dollars and it
might be this it might be this now you
couldn't do it again because once the
economy is solid you lose that
opportunity then then it's just
inflationary so here's the good part you
know people are talking about the
infrastructure bill and you know did you
really want to borrow another trillion
dollars to do infrastructure guess what
it might be free
infrastructure might be free if you do
it now because that would be part of the
3 trillion that's free money because
nobody can raise their prices well
demand is so low so we might have gotten
infrastructure for free now part of that
infrastructure I would think and I'm
sure we were thinking this way but
there'll be more emphasis on this we saw
the importance of working at home and we
saw we saw I have an important online
schooling was and importantly we saw
that there are a lot of people who
didn't have access to digital products
so what good is online at school if you
don't have a computer and you don't have
Wi-Fi so certainly a big part of the
infrastructure is going to be to get
everybody the capability to of online
education and then free college because
if you can make your online education
industry work which it doesn't really
work well now but it would be easy to do
that if you can make it work then the
president can say you know I don't know
if we could afford to send everybody to
college for free but we can give you a
government kick-ass certified college
degree that you can work at on your
leisure from home and it'll be better
than college because it'll be made by
the best teachers and producers and
editors and writers instead of just you
know filming a guy who knows how to
teach a class so we might get
infrastructure for free and might build
out the last of the digital miles that
might make College free
it might make you know regular school
maybe modified some a little of both
and I also think that healthcare is
going to change forever because of this
and maybe in a positive way you know
I've told you before that if you have an
entrepreneur in the room the best thing
you can do with your environment is
shake it just shake the box and then the
entrepreneur looks in the box and goes
oh I don't see I think shake it again
shake shake shake oh look at this these
things just lined up I can make a
business out of that
and I talked about Trump does this all
the time with politics if he doesn't
like the argument the way it is
he'll just introduce something that just
shakes it all up and in the midst of
chaos he's always the the one-eyed King
you know he's he's the one who attracts
all the attention gets all that gets all
the quotes so if he can create some
chaos and shake the box he's the king it
works over and over again
likewise with healthcare I think health
care got got a major shake-up it didn't
want and not for any productive purpose
it was just like this major thing that
happened and it got shaken and there are
a lot of entrepreneurs in that space you
know the people who are spinning up
these new tests I mean that's serious
you know solid gold turbocharged
entrepreneurship there are literally
hundreds of companies that just sprung
out of nowhere and suddenly are making
tests and they're making devices and
apps and stuff like this so I would
think that the one of the results of
this is major changes in healthcare and
the public will demand it the public
will have a better sense of what works
and what doesn't
boom so that's all the good news I have
for you it's pretty good I will tell you
also that there are some there's some
good pieces of news coming down the pike
some I know about that I'm pretty
confident about so I think we will get
back to work nobody's going to starve
and man is it going to be good after we
get it back and run so that's all for
tonight have some good dreams and I'll
talk to you in the morning