buh-buh-buh-buh-buh hey everybody come
on in I'm just making an O here take a
seat and we'll get going in a moment I
want to make sure I don't forget this
fake news that I want to mention there's
a lot of fake news today
most of it's fake news there's more fake
news than real news today I'm not sure
that's different but here we are well I
know why you're here yes I do I'm on
time that's correct
finally punctual so I spent three days
in the recording studio laying down the
audio for my book loser think that comes
out November 5th those are three very
long days because my voice kind of fails
toward the end of the recording I've got
to take lots of breaks and there's a lot
of burping and that's just a long day
but let's start this day off right let's
get the dopamine pumpin are you ready
all you need is a cover of our glasses
sighing the chalice a tankard a thermos
a flask a canteen a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee join me now for the simultaneous
if the dopamine hit that gets your day
going the best part of your day until
the rest of it go well there's a whole
bunch of interesting things today so let
me just run through them is it my
imagination or is somebody's asking
about the burping when you're when
you're doing an audiobook and you're
doing a lot of reading out loud you end
up swallowing a lot of air so it's
actually literally part of the process
that every half-hour so you have to step
away from the mic and just like burp
like crazy
apparently it rarely happens to
everybody so that's a little thing you
didn't need to know is it my imagination
or is Elizabeth Warren
could she not have won the presidency by
simply being a 10% better Hillary
because if you look at her she's sort of
like a a slightly improved Hillary
little little thinner a little more fit
you know she looks warren looks like
she's really healthy which is a really
good thing
she seems she doesn't have the baggage
you know she doesn't have the Clinton
Foundation she was never married to Bill
Clinton she was a senator it seems to me
that Warren had a pretty good path to
the White House simply by being 10%
better than Hillary was because Hillary
came that close but she screwed the
pooch with her her policies but so by
going it by going so extreme and her
policies I don't know that she can
recover it because there's not enough
room to go back to the middle so I feel
as though she had you know the best
chance anybody would have ever had a
beating Trump by just being the slightly
improved Hillary and she took a Bernie
Sanders path and tried to be a slightly
worse Bernie you know it was ready point
she was she was deciding under strategy
and said look I can be a better Hillary
who won the popular vote and came this
close to winning yeah or I could be a
worse birdie so I think she took the
wrong strategy there all right Alyssa
Milano had an interesting tweet today
you know she met with Ted Cruz to talk
about guns you know that she's in favor
of gun control but here's what you
didn't know they own two guns so Alyssa
Milano and her husband I guess they have
two guns in the house legal and there
are pro Second Amendment did you see
that coming
so uh once again I'm going to give props
to Alyssa Milano I know you don't agree
with her she's she's a she offends you
in her other opinions and stuff but
every now and then you have to just stop
and appreciate things that are good you
know just effective that they work
they're sincere they're well-meaning
even if it's not exactly what you would
have done even if you have a different
preference sometimes it's worth stopping
so here's what I'm gonna give her props
for she has inserted herself into the
conversation about guns and in in a very
effective way as evidenced by her
meeting with Ted Cruz of it as evidenced
by her social media as evidenced by the
fact that I'm talking about her so
that's number one number one step of
persuasion and effectiveness get
people's attention a plus man does she
got people's attention right so on that
dimension a plus you can't beat that
that's that's a a sea level that's trump
level that's good stuff can't take that
away from her
next I believe she is sincere I believe
she has no profit motive I mean that
would be ridiculous I believe that she
wants to help the country a plus right
you can't agree with your fellow citizen
on everything but you can certainly hope
that they have the best interests of the
country in mind that seems to be the
case her opinion of how to get to the
best place might differ from yours but
is there any question that she has your
best interests in mind your best
interests
like actually your best interest in
addition to her own and addition to the
country I think so
now of course everybody's got a
different risk profile and preference
about guns so some people would not get
what they wanted if she did get what she
wanted but that's how the whole world
works
you can't hold that against
and then thirdly she's doing this pacing
and leaving as as was pointed out on
Twitter by by stating that she's
pro-second amendment and then she has
two guns the first thing is it's really
it's an interesting surprise and
surprises are very powerful for
persuasion in other words you you had
this impression of her and then she she
throws this in there we have two guns
and we're pro Second Amendment
you're like what look I didn't see that
coming
and it's it's called pacing in you know
in the world of persuasion
she's matching at least as much as she
can it's not a full match but she's
matching the people she's trying to
persuade say yeah I'm basically on your
side
and she adds in her tweet that ninety
percent of the country is in the favor
of some whatever they would call a
common-sense gun restrictions so she's
saying basically I'm exactly where you
are and she's not too far off I mean she
would differ on the you know the a arse
and stuff but it's a good play so yeah
and then she's you know got the respect
of Ted Cruz and gaining people's respect
and creating a conversation becoming
well-known for the thing having passion
and having it's it's great I could not
be happier about Alyssa Milano and Ed
Cruz so everything I just said about
Alyssa Milano just say well also Ted
Cruz but here's the thing Ted Cruz is a
frickin senator right it's a little bit
easier for him to you know get attention
and you know have his impact be felt
Alyssa Milano is coming into a game that
she doesn't play politics and and she's
hitting home runs on a in the sport she
doesn't even play so give it up her
we'll see what happens talk about China
so Twitter user jumbo shrimp jumbo
shrimp tweeted this
interesting question and until you hear
this question you you're gonna say why
aren't we talking about it like this why
is this the first time somebody asked
this question and here's the question
China we know to target Republican areas
of the country with their tariffs so
that it would put more pressure on
President Trump because he needs to win
reelection and it would be bad if the
parts of the country that were the the
swing states were mad at him because of
Chinese tariffs and jumbo shrimp asks
quite reasonably why isn't that election
interference right it wouldn't you say
that China targeting specific areas of
the country industries really but those
industries are concentrated in different
places if they're doing it to affect the
election its election interference and
that's war
am I wrong that's war if you interfere
let me say it as clearly as possible if
another country interferes with their
election in a meaningful way that's war
now that doesn't mean we shoe bombs at
them and you know shoot missiles at them
but it is an act of war now I don't know
if we're doing anything similar to China
so maybe it's a you know in some ways it
might be a tit for tat but why are we
not at least talking about it and those
those terms somebody says yes you are
wrong USA interferes all over the place
I accept that we do but we don't say to
Russia
Oh Russia it's okay that you interfered
in our elections because we do it too
I mean everybody does it now I do agree
that we do it too
and I do agree everybody doesn't you
know even to allies etc but that doesn't
give you a free pass if you catch
someone else do it you still have to
deal with it right
I guess the Pentagon is a settling list
of Army linked businesses
China has links to to make sure that
their technology and our technology
doesn't you know doesn't get connected
because they can steal secrets I guess
now I don't know the whole details but
it's it's meaningful that we're putting
pressure on the technology part of China
the technology transfer and stealing
part and it made me wonder are we gonna
get to the point where all the major
powers just have to create their own
technology will we get to the point
where it will be too dangerous even to
have communication links between
American technology and let's say
Chinese technology you know same for
other countries but let's just use China
as the example could we be safe all the
time knowing that their technology even
had a communication length to our
technology layout much danger with that
baby I'm wondering if we're heading to a
point where China can't use American
chips and we can't use anything that
comes out of China because we wouldn't
always know if we could secure it we
might be heading toward that here's a
suggestion you've noticed that there are
countries in the world who have free and
open Internet and they can look at
anything and then there are some
totalitarian countries that are limiting
what their people can see in their
country on the internet so you've got
Iran North Korea China I don't know how
many others Russia I think Russia is
trying to build their own internal
internet - and here's what I would say
about those I think they need a name I
think they need a label because labeling
is powerful when you label something
that before you labeled it with
something was simply a concept you don't
get much persuasion power from sort of a
concept you need to put a label on it
and then people think of it based on the
label and then the label gives it power
watch me do this right now okay so that
the concept is that some countries are
limiting their Internet
and others are not and here's the label
I'll label the countries that are
limiting access to their internal
internets or limiting their citizens on
the internet I would call them failing
digital states failing digital states
and the thinking behind that is that any
country that is trying to limit their
own citizens from the internet will fail
100% of the time because that means that
their their system think about this if
you're limiting the internet it means
that your system of government can't
handle information the information alone
would bring it down if your country is
so dependent on lies to stay in power
and you you're so dependent you actually
have to control the information coming
into your country I think you'd have to
be called a failing digital state and I
mean that literally because if you if
you try to control your digital
information the citizens are gonna find
out and they're gonna find out it's
impossible that they wouldn't find out
so the citizens will find out what's
going on and it's not going to be pretty
eventually so I would say the failing
digital states should be labeled as such
and let them fail because rather than
trying to you know Rao beat you know I
ran into opening up the Internet let's
just say it's a failing digital state
it's up to them what to do about it
but we're just labeling it we're not
telling you you need to change it's not
our business it's not our country but
you're a failing digital state and
there's no way that you're going to
survive it alone
here's something interesting the Supreme
Court I guess held up trump
administration rule or or is it a policy
or a rule or law hauteur know exactly
what it is but the Supreme Court agreed
that asylum seekers from countries that
are not on our border can be can be
banned from
entry or ban from getting Asylum because
they went through another country first
so the idea is that they have to apply
for asylum in the first country that can
get to because otherwise it's not Asylum
you know Asylum is the only thing I need
is to get out of my country so if you
get into Mexico and you get out of your
country you're done if you want to also
get into the United States well that's
more of an economic decision that's no
longer Asylum so that was I guess
essentially what the administration was
arguing and I guess the Supreme Court
upheld it I think there might be some
more fighting on that in the lower
courts or whatever but the but here's my
main point there are several sort of
slow-motion improvements happening with
border security have you noticed
so the first slow-motion change is that
you don't see anymore caravans now I
don't know if that has to do with
whether do you might be a weather thing
just to warm the other so we don't see
the caravans so that looks like momentum
has slowed even if it's just because of
summer we also know that Mexico's
National Guard is getting aggressive and
guarding their southern border which is
cutting off the flow and maybe that's
why there are no caravans but that's you
know a major major effect and the number
of people getting apprehended is way
down because fewer people are getting
through and then you've got this asylum
seeker thing but that there's a fourth
thing which is why are we not hearing
more stories about families being ripped
to parts so I don't know the answer to
the question it could be that we just
got bored with a story maybe but it
seems to me far more likely that the
Trump administration you know knew it
had this bad stain on its reputation the
separating your kids from parents and
stuff and that they've sort of
continuously pushed resources in that
direction while everybody's complaining
but things don't happen quickly so we
may be reaching the point where the
administration
is finally you know being effective in
in creating better conditions partly
because fewer people are coming over
maybe partly because more judges are
processing thing but maybe partly
because we're getting you know you're
just more product in there more places
to say but the fact that we're not
hearing about it suggests to me that
every trend on the border is positive I
need a fact check on that so it's really
sort of the dog not barking I'm not sure
that I can be confident what I'm saying
is accurate but it feels to me that the
Trump administration has finally
wrestled this thing you know one
component at a time just sort of pushing
the whole time to the point where this
sort of fell below yeah also the wall is
being built right I forgot to mention
that so the you know construction on the
wall was likely to be built there'll be
more legal battles about the blah blah
blah taking the money from the military
but it looks like I don't know am I
being am I being too much of a team
player and am I being too pro Trump to
say that as far as I can tell every
single part of the border security issue
is going his way right now is that not
true he's getting this wall looks like
he's probably taking care of the family
separation thing he's got the assailant
thing going on and he's got Mexico
guarding his own border and the numbers
are way down yeah and plus he's pushing
China on Fenton all
it feels to me like the Trump
administration is winning on every
dimension on immigration and he's got
another year of winning or so before the
election so that looks good that's the
sort of story you won't see in the news
because it's it's sort of a laundry list
of things that aren't too exciting on
their own you have to see them all
together to say oh all together there's
sort of story here it looks like he's
winning on everything just none of it is
as fast as you wanted it to be
apparently the administration is going
to ban flavored cigarettes and they're
going to make the tobacco flavored ones
go through the FDA but in the meantime I
think the tobacco ones can stay on the
market won't the FBI FDA is looking at
it and as far as I can tell this is
pretty popular because it's you know
gets kids off them and they're in the
news and I I'm a hundred percent in
favor of this a hundred percent I think
flavored cigarettes should be banned at
the same time you know I'm generally
don't want any more laws that we need
you die yeah I just think we should be
free to do what we want
etc but the Israeli are targeted that
kids let's let's not kid ourselves these
are products for children and they
should be banned so good job is it my
imagination or is a czar what is a czar
is he Health and Human Services which
cabinet position is a czar I want to
give him a call out to every time you
see something with a czars name on it
secretary a czar it's something good and
it's something smart and it's a policy
you haven't seen before in some cases
and you go a lot smart so he's doing all
kinds of stuff like speeding up access
to generics approvals of generics so a
czar is sort of turning into a superstar
in the administration so you know you
sort of a sleeper because he's doing
he's doing the unfund stuff you know
that the bureaucratic improvements that
are not sexy but it looks like he's
killing it health and human services
yeah so shout-out to secretary these are
for a killin good job there have you
noticed that the people who were opposed
to Trump's Trump strategy if you could
call that on Iran and North Korea and
in fact check me on this I'm not sure
that this next thing is true but it
feels like it's true is there anybody
who has a different strategy that
they're putting forward who is also
criticizing Trump's strategy with either
Iran or North Korea are you aware of any
because you do hear people say blah blah
the president will be impulsive or blah
blah the president will you know make a
bad deal or blah blah that the nukes
have not gone away blub in North Korea
blah blah Iran may be starting up his
you know pushing towards going nuclear
again blah blah but in all those
complaints those are mostly factual
complaints right it's it's a fact that
North Korea is testing some missiles
it's a fact that they haven't given up
their nukes etc but I don't know anybody
who's saying okay president Trump
instead of what you're doing you should
do this other thing is there any
alternative I mean I haven't seen one
have you because nobody's saying we
should start you know ignoring those
countries or attacking them or what the
hell is the other thing you're supposed
to do I think everybody wants economic
pressure on everybody wants us to talk
to them everybody wants their nukes to
go away I feel as though on some of the
biggest issues of the world you know
Iran and North Korea that Trump doesn't
have opposition am I wrong about that
and how about the economy you know the
the socialist candidates for president
the ones who are more about the
universal health care and paying for
college and stuff they have different
economic ideas than president Trump but
does anybody think those economic ideas
will be good for the economy in general
I don't even think they're warned and
and Sanders are saying that the economic
policies they favor would make the GDP
go up right is there anybody on the
Democrat side
who is making an argument that they
would improve the GDP I don't think so
right because it looks like Trump is
doing that better than maybe anybody
could do it now you could argue you
don't like the way he's doing it you
could say he's relaxed the regulation
was too much I don't know if that's true
there's no good reporting than that I
would guess that he's relaxed
regulations that were marginal or
obviously bad ideas maybe there are a
lot of those I don't know
I'm worried about it just like you are I
do not feel safe that a bureaucracy
anybody actually doesn't matter
Republican Democrat I do not feel safe
that my government is good at making
regulations about the environment and
I'm not sure they're good at removing
them either so I'm not comfortable with
that situation but it has to do with a
lack of reporting that I would trust I
guess so seems to be on national defense
and the economy there isn't really even
another plan out there that looks like
it would boost GDP and make us safer
from Iran and North Korea he's actually
not running he's running unopposed on
the biggest issues well here's another
big issue nuclear so nuclear power I've
told you that I'm trying to be helpful
in one minor way on the question of
climate change and nuclear energy which
is to help people understand the nuclear
energy potential and I came up with a
new visual for that here it is here's a
graph that shows the risk of nuclear
energy versus climate risk now this
assumes that climate risk is real so if
you don't think climate risk is real you
can talk among yourselves it doesn't
actually matter if it's real from the
point I'm going to make the point is
that if you look at risks over time the
risk of climate being a catastrophe
according to scientists you don't have
to agree I'm just I'm just graphing what
the scientists would say that the
climate risk is rising
it could be rising quite quickly at the
same time this is the part people don't
understand that because of newer
technologies and smarter people etc the
risk of a nuclear power plant if you
were to build a new one today so we're
not talking about the risk of existing
plants we're talking about if you were
to build one today generation 3 or newer
technology you would be your nuclear
risk is just dropping to vanishingly
small because we know how to do this
stuff now and we're getting better at it
so I would argue that we've reached the
point where the climate risk has
exceeded the nuclear power risk so if
you believed scientists on both of those
and remember I'm not saying I'm not
going to try to convince you that
climate change is a big risk or small
risks because I don't how would I know
I mean literally how would I know I'm
not a scientist and I don't even believe
the scientists know it because I think
all the scientists work in their their
little areas and they don't really have
visibility over the entire field so I
have trouble even trusting the
scientists but I don't discount that
there could be a gigantic climate risk
and they humans are you know a big
pusher of it I don't discount it I just
don't know however since nuclear power
would be the solution whether or not
climate risk is a big problem because
you'd want to do it for pollution
reasons you'd want to do it for cost
reasons
here's another framing let me let me
toss out another nuclear energy framing
nuclear power is for the poor think
about it nuclear power is for the
benefit of the poor that's literally
true because if you if you put nuclear
energy where they only had other sources
you're very likely going to lower the
cost of energy so substantially that
poor people would effectively get a
major raise because they wouldn't be
paying as much for their power rich
people would also get a benefit but it's
not going to feel the same you know if
if my if my power
you know as speaking as a number of the
the wealthier class if my energy costs
went down at my house
well I'd notice it it'd be pretty big
number but it wouldn't change my life in
any possible way but if I were a
low-income person and a nuclear power
plant came into my state and my energy
costs dropped by half or whatever it is
that would be real money I mean that's
the difference between you know being
able to sign up for a class have day
care I mean could be a big big big
number so that's enough on that point so
let's talk about all the fake news do
you remember yesterday those of you who
were here I told you that you would be
hearing it from me first and let's see
how I did so I said I'll be the first
one to tell you that I think that
bolton's departure from the White House
is related to wanting to make a deal
with North Korea and I said it makes
sense for them to leave now instead of
when we get closer to actually
negotiating the next round with North
Korea which they're planning because
because North Korea clearly is not going
to agree to any kind of security
guarantee from the United States well
Bolton is a major member of the
administration it just those are
impossible you know I wouldn't even ask
North Korea to sign a deal saying we're
going to guarantee their security while
John Bolton still has a job in the
administration I mean even I wouldn't
recommend they sign that deal because
that would just be a stupid deal you
know they should at least in the go she
ain't better than that right even my
enemies I want to negotiate better than
that because you want to deal that's
credible there's no point going through
all the work to sign the deal that both
sides don't think is solid so in my
opinion I think Bolton was I think he
was an asset in the sense that he
represented yea a point of view that's
always good to hear and he was very
experienced and connected and stuff so I
think he probably was an asset while he
lasted
because the situation changed and the
president's you know maybe thinks he can
he can reach a deal now he had to go and
I told you that it would be related to
North Korea you've already seen maybe
some by now you've seen some other
reporting that says the same thing so
there's some insider reports and I think
actually the president said it directly
yeah the president said it directly that
Kim jong-un was no fan of Bolton so I'm
gonna call first
first pundit to make that connection
correctly so there's a story that in the
news that President Trump reportedly and
allegedly was considering allegedly
reportedly considering possibly noodling
at least flirting with the idea of
extending a 15 billion dollar credit to
Iran in return for some kind of good
negotiated deal now what are the frickin
odds that that's real news the odds of
that being real news a freakin zero come
on
the fake news just stop trying please
fake news try harder to fool us that one
you know I saw the article and it was
from some so-called reputable
organization I didn't have to read the
article did you if you saw the headline
you probably did and you know Trump
considering giving 15 billion dollar
line of credit to Iran did you even need
to read the article that is the fakest
of news I've ever seen but we're not
done with the fake news you know that
story about the the alleged American spy
in the Kremlin who had to be exfiltrated
you know had to be removed because they
were worried that the president would
blow his cover what about that story
that sound true to you
that doesn't even sound slightly true
not even a little bit and what happened
to that story did that story just sort
of died out because remember Pompeo said
it is factually inaccurate didn't happen
and then how could you get you know how
can the reporters even find out more
about it was such a top-secret thing
yeah I just sort of somebody says Peter
down that's exactly what it did it
petered out because I don't think it was
a true story here's another one headline
today Israel that Israel Israel
reportedly put a spy device behind the
the White House I don't know how far
behind the White House I'm not sure how
far how close you can get your spy
device to the White House but it would
pick up cell phone calls within the
White House I guess now the first thing
I ask myself is why is everybody making
like public cell phone calls from the
White House on official business we've
got to do a better job of protecting
cell phone calls you know from spies
maybe it's hard our our there's no such
thing as encrypted cell phones I don't
know is that a thing well here's my take
on that
so of course Israel has as they would of
course they've denied that they would
ever spy in the United States or the
White House you and I know the Allies do
spy on each other we know that no matter
how close your relationship is with your
allies we're probably spying on them
they're probably spying on us yeah but
it's not necessarily malicious spying in
other words it's probably the strategic
kind like you need a heads-up you know
they're your buddies we're allies but it
nice to have a heads up where where your
heads are so I tried to assign an odds
to Israel actually be the ones who
planted that device and I'm going to
give it a 50/50 the
50% odds that they did is simply because
well it's what allies do to each other
and then when they get caught they deny
it
so it wouldn't be surprising in any
fundamental way if any of our ally is
whether it's Great Britain or yeah just
doesn't matter know what his Israel
great bread in Japan if we found that
you know a bug somewhere in a government
office somebody says don't trust Scott
Adams he's a wolf in sheep's clothing
and gross well you won't have to worry
about me because you're blocked so so it
wouldn't be surprising if it were Israel
but here's the argument against it being
Israel wouldn't it be a better play for
one of Israel's opponents to put that
device there and get co-opted so here's
the first question do you think Israel
would put a spying device anywhere near
the White House they had much of a
chance of getting caught I feel like
they're better than that don't you
I mean humans make mistakes and even
super spies make mistakes and maybe we
have cool technology they don't know
about where we can detect their device
maybe it was just a random coincidence
where somebody opened the door and found
something that wasn't supposed to be
there maybe but I feel as though Israel
either would have known they could get
away with it or they wouldn't have put
that damn thing there in the first place
yeah hypothetically if it were them but
imagine if you were an enemy of Israel
imagine you were iran or anybody else
who's anti-israel do you think you could
frame them by finding whatever
technology Israel is known to use for
this sort of thing and just put Israel
tech near the White House and make sure
somebody finds it I don't know
but I give I'll give that one a 50/50
could go either way I don't think it's
important either way the debates are
tonight the Democrats will be debating I
may or may not
be live-tweeting don't know I might if
it's interesting so I think this is the
beginning of the process where we're
gonna find out first of all who the top
three are and I think there's a pretty
good chance that you're going to see at
least one of the top three decompose
tonight there's probably one of them
who's not going to do well I'd guess
Biden so what happens if Biden takes a
dump who do where do Biden's votes go to
well if they go to somebody they think
is the next best chance of winning who
is also not hardcore socialist like
Sanders and Warren I think it goes to
Harris because she's a fourth in line
she has some chance of winning she's at
least not quite as crazy as the full
socialist yeah she looks like she could
be a little flexible in there so I
wouldn't be surprised if you see
Harris's numbers go up and Biden's go
down after this all Harris has to do is
show up and and be capable she just has
to show up and not not make a big gaffe
I don't think she necessarily has to
kill it
I think she has to be credible and
presidential and she'll take from Biden
because Biden's gonna be under attack
and he's gonna gaffe and he's gonna
stroke out I mean not literally
well maybe literally you know no I had
one other topic and it says throughout
human history there have been allies and
and enemies among countries I feel as
though we're entering an age where the
only rational thing to do is get as many
allies as you can on your side because
the the age of wars working is kind of
over you know at least Wars among the
major powers the smaller countries are
still gonna have their civil wars and
their
you know the smaller border issues but
wars among major powers and here I would
say major would be you know Iran North
Korea us you know at least somebody's
got a serious military I think those
days are largely over and the Iraq and
Afghanistan situation are a big part of
that because it's obvious that you just
can't win a war anymore
wars are no longer winnable because
there's always somebody who's gonna arm
the rebels and they're gonna arm them
with such good weapons that you just
can't hold hold the country you know
that the rebels will be able to blow up
your pipelines your railroads they'll be
able to put ideas in your streets so I
think the days of conquering a country
that doesn't want to get conquered
may be over and so we should be smarter
than that it feels like somebody says
wrong look at history I haven't looking
at history that's the point well so
somebody's saying we didn't learn from
Vietnam so therefore maybe we won't
learn from Afghanistan and therefore we
won't learn from Iraq and then we didn't
learn anything from Syria and I guess
that's the slippery slope argument well
not really this more like we'll never
learn argument and I don't think that's
the case I think the the better way to
see it is that eventually you do learn
if you try something and you just
slapped on the wrist the first time you
might say to yourself well I'll try that
one more time but if you get slapped
enough you do change your tactics and I
think what's different is we understand
now that we can't win when we fought in
Vietnam we didn't know we couldn't win
when we fought in Iraq we didn't know we
couldn't win when we fought in
Afghanistan we didn't know we couldn't
win at least in terms of getting
everything we want and pacify in the
country etc we certainly won militarily
against the worst people somebody was
saying winning is not the point yeah in
those cases there may be you know other
objectives because of what WMD or some
something but it's obvious
that it's bad for the attacking country
and that's different so I think that
here's where I'm going with this
I think the countries that are enemies
now Iran North Korea you know you could
argue Russia China is a special case I
feel as though we should be trying to
turn them into allies as opposed to
simply turning them into not enemies I
think is is shooting low to say hey
let's just not be a war with Iran that
feels like not even close to where we
could get and where we should be aiming
you know we should be aiming for full
allied situation now you might say to
yourself Scott there's no way to be a
full li with the you know the Iranian
regime they want to conquer the world
etc well then you put a timeline on it
you say okay it looks impossible today
but let's say in 20 years we would like
to figure out a way to be full allies
with an Iranian regime that wants to be
full allies with us same with North
Korea we don't have to say we'll do it
tomorrow but I think it helps I feel
like it helps to say no we're not just
trying to be not at war with you that
just feels like loser think because
that's not what you want right what you
want is to be allies what you want is to
make money what you want is to open
their markets what you want is everybody
does better so nobody's thinking about
nuclear anybody that's what you want
so why shoot low and just say we don't
want to be a war go right at it say look
I'm gonna spend more and more time
explaining to you what it looks like
when we're a piece and we're friends
you're gonna start a liking it yeah and
that's where we're trying to get if you
fight us we're gonna fight you if you
attack us we're gonna attack you you're
not gonna like it but where we'd like to
get is a good place I think and I'm not
being unrealistic in the sense of
imagining that he that would be easy or
even more than
1% likely to get where we need I'm
talking about a mental mindset of how to
approach it you should you should be
asking for far more than you think you
can get as somebody says history repeats
I've got a chapter in my book mocking
the idea that history repeats history
can't repeat do you know why history
can't repeat because you never have the
same starting points you have things
that might remind you of other things
but that's a different thing it's a
different set of variables and the
current variables have learned a lot
from the old variables so there are
things that remind you of other things
but history can't repeat it's not a
thing people can be similar over time
people's preferences could be similar
over time people's weaknesses can be
similar over time but these are patterns
which are false patterns here's why you
think history repeats you're ready for
it you think history repeats because you
don't see all the history that doesn't
repeat if you could see all the things
that look like they should have repeated
and didn't you would say to yourself oh
if you look at everything that's
happening history basically almost never
repeats and when it does it's just a
coincidence and it's a pattern that you
say oh I thought I saw that pattern
before it is a an illusion and bad
thinking it is literally a chapter
called loser think in in my book or well
it's within the loser think label
because it is it is a poor analysis
history always starts from the current
set of variables it doesn't it's not
influenced by some kind of magic from
the history in the past all right Kanye
West turned at or at or down those
little experimental low-income homes he
built if you heard that story so Kanye
has one of his projects as he's trying
to design working with a design firm I
guess
to design low-income homes that are also
very cool because why should poor people
have you know on let's say poorly design
places you know poor people need places
that don't cost a lot of money but they
don't need poor design design is free
kind of I mean because you amortize your
design costs over the entire project so
they're inexpensive but you had to tear
it down so the neighbors complained and
I guess the the local the city got
involved and they said your construction
is too noisy and there's too much
traffic and your buildings that you
built do not meet code so he tore a ball
down yeah now did Kanye West succeed or
did he fail that's the question tell me
did Kanye West succeed or fail he built
a bunch of low-income homes experimental
City complain he just tore em all down
did he succeed or fail you succeeded you
succeeded yeah if you don't see that you
don't understand Kanye and you don't
understand how creation works and you
haven't read my book had it failed
almost everything before winning big
Kanye knows now what he can do and what
he can't do he knows where he can't
build the place he knows what problems
he'll run into if he builds it somewhere
else he knows because they built they
built those structures he knows about
working with the design firm he knows
what they can and cannot do
he knows what people's reactions to them
were because the pictures ran in the
press he knows what it was like to walk
around inside these things Kanye just
went from not knowing a whole lot about
building low-income homes to being one
of the experts in the country and
building low-income homes that's a
success now if he never did anything
again in this realm you'd say oh okay
well I guess that didn't work out but I
don't expect that I expect him to say
well that didn't work
watch this try another one maybe try a
little harder to get permits or some
kind of permission I would love
to see the government I don't know if
this is a federal thing or how this
would work so somebody smarter will have
to it and for me I would love to see the
government state or local or whoever
needs to do it say that they will
designate some construction projects as
experimental for it assuming that
they're from the benefit of low-income
people and then I would add this there
might be a requirement that let's say an
engineer has to be involved so it's not
enough that you've got an architect and
a builder you have to also have an
engineer but the engineer will not be
bound by maybe every rule the engineer
will be bound by a common sense and
engineering so the engineer will make
sure that the roof doesn't collapse you
know so you'll be safe enough but it
might not hit every point you know for
the that the city requires because it's
experimental if you did that suddenly
all kinds of all kinds of of entities
can say whoa I can get an exemption I
can build anything I want and test it
out that would be amazing that would be
amazing
I can tell you from having worked in
this this realm for a while the realm of
low-cost housing and blight Authority
etc there's plenty of money and plenty
of creativity and plenty of interests in
experimenting in low-cost shelters that
are high high design but low cost all we
need is to give some regulations out of
the way I just don't know who does that
all right those the things I think I
wanted to mention today and how about
that looks like we're keeping oh there's
one one big thing I'm sorry there's one
big thing that I forgot to mention and I
should have it's real lesson on
confirmation bias are you ready most of
you know the story that I've been trying
to debunk the fine people hoax and I put
links whenever people mentioned the fine
people hoax I put a link to my blog page
debunking it so that the whole internet
will have
links that anytime somebody reads the
hoax from anybody you know important
they will also see in the comments a
link to debunking so you know it's not
true and my link to the fine people hoax
broke this week which meant that every
link I've ever put out for maybe
eighteen months all broke so my entire
strategy of blanketing the Internet with
that link all disappeared in the same
day and of course somebody says my
prednisone is making me talk faster I
think that's true but also I was doing
voice recording all day yesterday so I'm
you know my my talking rate is probably
up a little now and lots of technical
people here were quick to help out and
they were said my my security
certificates had expired but of course
we look into it and that didn't seem to
be the case so here's what we got wrong
and here's what confirmation bias can do
to you so the situation was that my blog
had been a separate the site connected
with Dilbert calm and then we moved the
blog to yet a third site and and cut the
link but all of the links to the old
blog were redirected the the redirection
didn't work because I think it was the I
may have this a little bit wrong but I
think the intermediate the intermediate
site the one that used to host the blog
but now just doesn't exist I think that
certificate was expired
somebody says that's what I said and
some of you were were onto this so when
we checked
Dilbert com that was fine when I checked
the blog directly that was fine and I
kept saying well how can they both be
fine if you go there directly but the
link doesn't work how is that possible
it's because that intermediary site
needed the correction that has been
corrected so all of those links are now
live here's the lesson here's the lesson
I could not
imagine any other explanation other than
bad actors I could not imagine and the
explanation other than some kind of
shadow banning you know discriminatory
actions against my accounts but that was
not the case I mean as far as I can tell
it was not the case it was a simple
technical bug so keep that in mind
because I think I think when we look at
the you know the Conservatives being
shadow band et cetera I am convinced
there's something real to that but
there's also a whole bunch of it that's
not and it's hard to sort out what might
be real from what not but I can confirm
and this is a perfect example but a lot
of it what you think it just just has to
be it just has to be somebody up to no
good it just has to be a hack and you
find out it's just a bug all right um oh
yeah I still I need to schedule with
Jack Dorsey if he's still willing to
come on here I think I'll send him a
message as soon as we get off see if I
can schedule that and that would be fun
and I will talk to you all tomorrow have
a great day best day ever
bye