good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams the best
time you'll ever have in your life with
your clothes on and if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels that
nobody can even understand with their
little human brains all you need is a
cup or a mug or a glass a tanker Chels a
Stein a canteen Jugger flaska vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure of the dope
being here the day thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go I'm not going to lie that is the
worst simultaneous sip I've ever had
appily I did not have my coffee warmer
turned on and I got myself a face full
of cold
coffee but still cold coffee is better
than no coffee at all am I right
yeah
refreshing so you got to look for the
got to look for the bright side got to
look for the bright
side so uh simulation
alert simulation
alert I saw this in the post from
somebody called carnivore
orelias uh so there's some some
researcher doctor Dr Michael 11 who's
using electrical signals to cause worms
to grow two heads without changing their
genes
whatsoever he can just basically send
electrical signals into some worms and
they grow a second
head now there's nothing in the um and
well that's not all uh could also
regenerate a salamander's
limbs could regenerate salamander lims
with just electrical signals now they
don't say so but um you know my own
research shows that uh the researchers
did not sufficiently Shield themselves
when they were making the worms grow two
heads so Dr Mike 11 has two penises now
um and he's suspected as being the
father of the woman with two wombs who
has two separate children in each womb
now if you haven't been watching the
show you don't know how cleverly I
connected all of those stories but ask
somebody they'll be very impressed no
none of that's true except that
apparently the worms do grow two heads
and the salamanders do grow salamander
limbs we don't know about the research
his penis he probably still just has
one
um as far as I
know so some are thinking that maybe our
idea that your
genes
determine what what your body does what
if that's totally
wrong wouldn't that be just
mindblowing what if there's something
that the environment is introducing
externally and your genes are just sort
of like a
collector what if your genes are not the
cause they're simply this signal
collector and but the signal is coming
from outside
how Wild would that be huh I'm not going
to say that that's true but how Wild and
would that suggest that you're a
simulation imagine if you were a
software
simulation would would your actions all
be coming from within the the one time
you were
programmed H see where I'm going with
this some of your actions including what
your body does might be coming from
programs that are being being injected
from the
outside something like an electrical
signal you might call
it so is it is this uh more evidence
that we're a simulation we're not
organic units that are growing based on
our own instructions that we have
internally but rather we're subject to
some external electrical signal let's
call it
software I don't know I just like to
think that everything fits my hypothesis
it's called confirmation bias
confirmation bias every time I see a
news story I figure well somehow this
fits into my simulation
hypothesis you should be aware that I'm
just making everything fit the
hypothesis you know me well enough to
know I'm kind of playing with it on the
other hand I do think we live in a
simulation all
right um Brian relly did a post today um
there's an article in something called
Multiplex this it says your brain is
creating now but is a half second after
it just happened so the idea is that
your brain imagines time because time is
not a real thing or at least it imagines
it in the form it wants to it imagines
that we thought of something and made a
decision and then we acted but science
has confirmed that we decide and ACT
first and then we figure out why we did
it so this would be I don't know
probably the 10th time I've told you the
science has discovered that people are
backwards thinkers and probably the 10th
time I've told you that I learned that
40 years ago it's like the first lesson
in
hypnosis did you know that 40 years ago
the first lesson is that people people
make decisions irrationally and then
they rationalize it after the fact and
then they imagine that the
rationalization happened first but in
fact it actually happened after
after now that's something that
hypnotists are taught I don't know if
they're all taught that way but that's
what I was taught 40 years ago and today
it's in the news it's like hey look what
we
discovered
so do you think you have free will if
the decision is made before you think
about it does that fit does it fit your
idea that you have free will if you know
that your decision is just a
rationalization
for something that happened by cause and
effect and that science can tell you
that pretty
definitively well just add that to the
No Free Will pile of
evidence do do you think that the
country is aware skipping uh
topics do you think the general country
is whereare or is it just people who
follow certain people on X that they
know that there's a mass massive uh
disinformation campaign and by
disinformation I mean telling you that
real things are
false do you know that there's an entire
industry uh major funded organizations
that are part of it and you know now
that the government the Biden government
is pushing this media literacy program
which is literally just you know
curtailing Free Speech
basically and that the entire IDE is to
Gaslight you into thinking the things
that you can clearly see are true are
not true at all and that it's like a lot
of people and a lot of money are
involved so the names you should know
would be the media literacy program if
you wanted to do your own research find
out what the government has in mind to
teach you which parts of the media are
false guess which parts are
false everything Republicans say are you
surprised that that that's going to be
the media literacy if a republican said
it well that can't be
true right if the science said it well
that must be true because science said
it um and then there's the News Guard
which will be part of this because news
there so there a bunch of I'm going to
call them fake
organizations meaning that what they
state is their purpose doesn't look to
be exactly their purpose like their
purpose might be oh yeah it would be
good to get rid of information that's
clearly wrong that'd be good but it's
not really just about that is it it's
mostly about getting rid of information
that would be
inconvenient for one political
side
so um X is really the last place that
there is Free
Speech I feel like a pirate just being
on the X
platform because it's like the only
place you can still get away with a real
opinion
and I'm enjoying that I must say um Mike
Benz is your best follow on X if you
want to catch up with this to find out
all the government funded and Soros
funded fake organizations that make up
the the fake sensor well not fake but
they make up these censorship industrial
complex if you don't know all the
players you wouldn't even know what was
happening so the beauty of this assault
on free speech is that it it comes in
all these semi credi looking
organizations working together and then
each of them agreeing with each other so
you'd say well it's not just as one
organization but the media is reporting
it too and the intelligence people have
confirmed it and you know so you got
this blob of people confirming things
that are just not
true Scott changed his mind on Soros
no nope I never said he didn't fund
things that I didn't like that's never
been a question the question was his
motivation his motivation and and the
question is did he even know what he was
doing the
senior so I would uh I would say again
that every day you don't see anybody
giving a challenging interview to Alex
Soros you know the younger one who's
running things now every day you don't
see that you should be that's a
confirmation that there's no real news
it's a confirmation that he's in
charge because if the Democrats and the
Democrat leading media were doing
anything like a real job he would be the
most important person in the country to
talk to because he's funding the most
contentious um problem making elements
of society and nobody's asking him
why now the official reason why is to
make the world a better place but
nobody's ever connected the dots how
does Opening Our borders make life
better for
Americans what's the argument for that
how does letting crime go wild in our
cities make us better
off like what's the argument so the fact
that he's never been asked to make his
argument and we don't even know what it
is and he's the biggest force in America
cuz he funds you the the P the party in
power so they have to bow to him how in
the world did we get to the place where
the person making the most difference is
an American you know who can speak and
talk and he he can appear on TV I mean
he's he's been on appearances but he
only gets the friendly interview no but
nobody ever says can you explain how
funding this organization made anything
better like what was the thinking behind
that and who makes the decision who gets
funding those are the questions you need
to know nobody's asking nobody's even
asking the
question we are so broken in terms of
the news it's it's
insane anyway
um so also Mike Ben was talking about
how uh there there's a uh there's an
Irish speech
law that criminalizes
memes did you know that it criminalizes
memes so memes could be hate
speech so aren't you aren't you glad you
don't live in Ireland huh if you don't
some of you might but aren't you glad
you don't live in a place where a meme
could make you go to jail huh well you
do live in a place where a meme can make
you go to jail America that's America
today a meme can literally make you go
to jail didn't they just send somebody
to jail literally for a meme it was a
meme that yeah Ricky vaugh that wasn't
his real name but Ricky vaugh yeah Ricky
vaugh literally Macky is his name right
literally was just sentenced to
jail for a meme because they said hey
this meme will mislead people into
voting on the wrong
day
now maybe it would have maybe it would
have but is that good enough
reason I don't know and Michael zimerson
says Scott why don't you interview Alex
Soros like you think that's an
option when you made that
suggestion
really you you think of all the people
who might invite him to talk he would
talk to
me that would be his worst decision he
ever
made I'm pretty sure I would put the
whole Soros organization and a business
in about 10 minutes because I know he
couldn't he couldn't defend it it would
be not
defensible yeah no there's no way he
would appear with me not a chance anyway
um did you know that also in America
your use of memes or even the fact that
you have a meme on your phone could be
used as a proof of intent of CRI
criminal
behavior and has
been and has been it's actually been
used as evidence of ention of crime a
meme literally a
joke well I guess they're not all jokes
memes could be serious as
well so that's all
bad um and speaking of gas liness so
apparently there's reports about uh
internally the Biden campaign isn't
quite sure how to tell the public that
what they're saying isn't really
happening with
inflation so people are going to stores
and are buying things and they're going
my God this is way more expensive than
before and the Biden Administration is
trying to figure out how to convince
them that the things they see with their
own eyes and can prove with their own
wallets and bank accounts are not
actually happening and that inflation
isn't
worse that's actually a conversation
that's going on now I assume the
argument is there's some things that you
know are
better some things have gone down since
the pandemic maybe uh but it's not much
of an argument and the fact that the
fact that their best argument would be
to convince you that something that's
not happening is actually
happening just think about how far the
far away that is from being useful to
the country you know normally you have
claims that say if we do this my policy
I promise you you will get a better
result and then somebody say but my
policy has already inre increase things
2% usually you're talking about two
things where you can't really prove
either one of them is true it's like
well maybe your policy would be better
in the future but it's not the future I
don't know maybe and then somebody then
then they might say look at the past we
went up 7% you say well okay I guess you
could measure it that way you know but
there are also some negatives maybe you
didn't mention them so the old way of
arguing was also a but this is
a whole new level this is telling you
you don't see and feel what you see and
feel the the the ultimate you know can
they get to the point where you actually
will believe you see and feel things
that aren't there they did it with Trump
that they made people see Trump as
literally
healer they did that they pulled that
off so I don't know what the limit is
but it's not obvious there's any
limit all right what else is happening
uh more evidence
that instead of using science you should
just ask me don't need science just ask
me my track recck is pretty good here's
another case um and I've talked about
this before but Andrew huberman is
saying there's some new research that
says no amount of casual drinking is
good for you and that uh even a few
drinks a week maybe one drink a night
with dinner is enough to raise your
Baseline cortisol so that's your stress
releasing um stuff that's bad for your
overall
health
and when did I first started saying in
public that it's obvious that all the
studies about alcohol are fake about 20
years ago about 20 years ago I started
blogging there's no way this is real
there's no way that even one drink is
good for you it's obvious now
in response to
that
um Let me let me give you another one
that see if you can see if you can spot
this one now I take some credit for
being able to spot that it was obvious
20 years ago without any science it was
obvious that it must have been just the
alcohol industry that was sponsoring
studies to me that was just obvious and
and and I was sure that there was no
medical benefit and it was just all a
lie and it was and it wasn't just one
study there were all kinds of studies at
the time that seemed to support that
alcohol was healthy and still I said no
matter how many new ones came out I
still said no that's obviously just
 and now we know it was it was
all all right let's see if you
can spot this one apparently mayor Adams
of New
York um they've got a new law in New
York that you can't discriminate based
on height and
weight so that that law is passed and
mayor Adams is uh one the big one behind
it and apparently uh he says science has
shown that body type is not um there's
no connection between your body type in
your
health the mayor of New York is saying
out loud out loud to the public that
there's no correlation between your uh
obesity and your
health so
does anybody want to take a crack at
whether you should believe
that or should you just ask me what what
do you think would be your better
play to listen to an elected official in
public or to just ask Scott I'm pretty
sure they asking me gets you the win
again uh if you're if you're keeping
score I'm pretty sure I win this one
again hands down clear victory
no obesity is probably the number one
thing most correlated with bad health
I'm not even sure there's a second thing
that comes in anywhere in the
neighborhood that how in the world how
in the world now I guess he has to say
this because if you make obesity not a
reason for turning down somebody down
for a
job you'd have to have a
reason is it reasonable for an employer
to look at somebody and say okay
obviously you're going to miss a lot of
work is that fair is it fair to look at
somebody and say you don't even look
healthy enough to show up for
work I think it's fair is not legal in
New York City but I think it's
reasonable and
fair so um while I'm very much against
uh fat
shaming so I don't believe you know
since I'm not a Free Will believer uh I
don't believe anybody consciously said I
think I'll make myself obese now nobody
does that so obviously there's a real
you know it's a real problem and the
fact that um if you if somebody watching
this has the same situation I do which
is my my BMI at the moment is the exact
number I want it to be the exact number
now is that because I have extra uh
character and and qualities and is it
because I'm so good with my mental
discipline probably not probably not I
think it comes down to I just don't like
food that much just don't like food that
much I mean I like eating I do it every
day but you know the difference between
how much I
like a you know delicious food and how
much a an obese person likes it is
really different what whatever
experience they're having is more like
meth to me it's like oh this was fun I'm
glad I ate that had a little bit of a
little bit of a boost but you can see
people who are heavier their entire face
lights up when they're they're putting
that sugar in like it's a whole
different addiction situation same with
alcohol the the reason I'm not an
alcoholic you understand this right the
reason I'm not an alcoholic is is not
because my good discipline it's not
because I thought it through and like I
really try harder not to be a no I just
don't enjoy
alcohol right it's easy for me to stop
that's it there's nothing extra about me
I don't have good qualities I don't TR
you know it's not because I try harder
nothing like that I just got lucky you
know I have other
problems you know that maybe you don't
have but I just didn't get that one you
know it's just it's just the luck of the
draw
so I don't judge people who are heavy
because I just don't see it as some kind
of a character flaw or any kind of a or
even a decision really it's just in a
bad
situation all right
so um so that's happening terrible
terrible
idea
um I know a lot of you have had this
feeling especially
lately but I think it's reverse in but
for a while were you having that feeling
that everything was going wrong it was
like everything was coming off the
tracks you felt that didn't you like
even just a month ago it felt like just
everything was coming off the tracks in
every category you know people were
incompetent in their jobs everything was
trending wrong but I feel like it's
already
reversed I feel like it's already
reversed in small ways but if you look
at what 2024 is likely to look at to
look like right just likely you can't
predict the future but in all likelihood
you'll have a Republican
president and the Border will close and
it will close in time that we did not
destroy the
country that's pretty good in all
likelihood a year from now there will
not be a war in Gaza and some rebuilding
will will be in in the in the works and
whatever is happening in Ukraine and
Russia will probably have wound down
because sadly Ukraine is just running
out of people like they're going to have
to
negotiate probably right um We are
continuing to get a little bit of
freedom from um the economics of China
that's going in the right direction
right so there's a whole bunch of stuff
except for inflation and the debt but
there's a whole bunch of stuff stuff
going in the right
direction I I'd like to think we can get
the national debt under control as well
I don't know how have no idea how but
it's possible I mean
maybe and I think that the age of robots
and uh and AI is going to be so
extreme that AI itself might end up
solving a bunch of human problems a year
from now here's what I expect a year
from now I believe that either planning
or even breaking or breaking ground on
some new
cities whether Gau is one of those new
cities or not uh will be a thing so in
one year it will be a thing that you
could get these little uh Adu or little
pod houses for
$100,000 that you could just stick on a
a new site for somebody who wants to get
going and get a little equity and we'll
build a a city where it's pre-approved
you just grab one of these units plop it
down you've got low rent you save some
money someday you get a bigger bigger
place so I think a lot of things are
heading toward a
solution I think that the xplatform has
introduced free speech that is a greater
Free Speech than we've had in my
lifetime I I think I probably have the
greatest Free Speech I've ever had but
it's siloed within X on fortunately X is
a very public Silo so at least everybody
sees The Silo even even if they're not
in
it so generally speaking I think there's
a whole bunch of things that are
trending positive however if you want to
look for that
signal that everything's desperate there
is a there is something to look for I
wouldn't get worried about the fate of
humanity until you see Elon Musk
Gathering up two kinds of every mammal
Bird and Fish and loading them on a
rocket if you see them Gathering two of
every kind and putting them on a rocket
to
Mars that's when you should sell your
stock that's when you might want to make
some
changes try to get yourself on that
rocket but until then don't worry about
it there's a report from local Israel uh
news it's not I don't think it's
confirmed yet I'd wait to hear it's
confirmed but Elon Musk is over there
talking to Netanyahu and the Israeli
leaders and he's taking a tour of the
Kutz which I believe is entirely a
political publicity thing to you know
rehabilitate him in the eyes of people
who called them
anti-semitic and uh he even tweeted or
posted uh actions speak louder than
words and he was he was doing the
actions as he as he said it so so if you
say blah blah blah this is what I think
about the Israel Gaza situation those
are
words but if you fly your ass all the
way over to Israel and you take a
physical tour of the places where the
massacres happened and you apparently he
watched that the video of all the the
worst parts of the massacre from the
GoPros of the terrorists the the thing
I'll never watch in my life he actually
sat through it and watched it I can't
even imagine it I I would never subject
myself to that but he did he did so he
basically took that bullet so you don't
have to like some somebody important sat
through it which I'm glad they did I'm
glad it wasn't me so but beyond beyond
actually going there and
actually sort of absorbing the
pain you you know when people say I feel
your
pain like you don't know if they mean
it but he means it let let me ask you do
you think that Elon Musk you know went
through the watched that movie went
through the Kuts saw the actual still
Blood Stained cribs and stuff do you do
you think he felt their
pain
absolutely he he actually subjected
himself voluntarily to their
pain and actually took some of their
pain and actually took it upon himself
which he will carry by the way he will
carry that pain
forever let me just say that again this
wasn't something he did on a
Monday he will carry that pain forever
the images that he saw and the memories
that he will carry with him of actually
being in the
Cabots that's
forever and that pain will never go away
now of course it's not as great as the
pain of the people who suffer the
experience or that live there it's not
that kind of pain but he actually signed
up for a permanent
disability to support
Israel I mean that's that's
action you know you talk about actions
being stronger than words well you can't
beat that can you you cannot beat that
he took on a permanent
disability as a show
support so how does that compare to his
words are you going to worry about his
words now but he's also said that uh
allegedly I want I want to hear some
details on this but I don't want to get
too excited but mus said he wants to
help rebuild Gaza after the
war now that could mean anything you
know help is a pretty big word could be
he's just one of the people who
contributes money I I hope it's not that
I really hope it's not that you know I
I'll say it
again imagine a city designed by Elon
Musk and Kimble musk his brother
Kimble's into indoor farming so he's
he's got expertise in indoor farming and
that's kind of what they need there so
they've got all the sun they need for
solar power they've got a uh start from
scratch um City because there won't be
much left they can build it for
self-driving taxi cars so everybody has
good Transportation no traffic jams uh
no no smog nobody needs to own a car you
could just get one from your app it'll
just pull up to the curb you can imagine
um of course he's got the boring company
so they can put their tunnels back
really fast no he's not going to build
tunnels for homas definitely not going
to do that but you could
imagine uh and Elon musk designed City
that would have ultimate freedom because
he would build it with freedom as you
know a baseline you know starting
principle it'd be Freedom First and
Economic Opportunity it' probably be
built so it's easy to live where you
work and easy to have work you know may
maybe they would consider what kind of
uh employment you would have and
designed from that up you could imagine
that the the newest Technologies for
um water um
desalinization apparently there's a
whole bunch of new technologies that are
very new that you could completely
change the water situation in Gaza
indoor Farms would do that as well
better use of
water so you could fix one of the
biggest complaints of the
Palestinians um in general but but the
Palestinians specifically in Gaza was
water
rights water rights
you could solve the other thing that
they had a problem with was freedom of
movement you know they they couldn't
freely move around the
area but if you built a city and then
did rigorous vetting to make sure nobody
gets back in the city unless they're
reasonably free of Hamas
influence you could rebuild a city in
which you've got um Jews living with
Palestinians who are only people who
have decided they like that
situation cuz actually you could
actually recruit people specifically for
that suppose you said we're going to
rebuild Gaza and here's the thing we're
not going to build cities of one kind of
people
anymore that's a losing proposition
we're only going to build cities where
they're designed for people to live
together so you better pass a test that
says you you know you disavow violence
and stuff and then you can live there I
think you would find
Israelis who for or um let's say Civic
public good would take a chance of
living among a Palestinian population
specifically to make sure that there's a
little better you know communication and
stuff I think you would find lots of
lots of volunteers and already in in
fact there were Israelis already there
so you would get people who could
volunteer for that but they'd have to
say specifically I totally want to live
among people were different from me you
know so it would take a long time to
build it back because it's probably so
spoiled in every way that that the just
the demolition of what's left could take
years you know to clean up the the the
toxic waste and stuff could take years
but you can imagine a musk built a city
where he provides the internet the
self-driving cars all of the energy then
something is done with water
desalinization and and they build it so
that um oh and then more importantly a
an AI
based uh education
system so everybody gets the the best
quality education because we take the
best ideas of education and bring it
there which is probably in in my opinion
the best education would be the best AI
or or human
content with somebody who can talk to it
you know some kind of a person in the
room an adult but a small group of
people a pod of homeschooler types you
know where where you go and you meet you
know 20 friends and you hang out
together the 20 of you so you get to
know each other so you all have 20
friends your
age it's good to have 20 friends and and
just build the best school system in the
world but it's unbiased and it's not
teaching anybody to hate yes I'm clearly
a Sci-Fi fan but here's the thing that
gives me
optimism it would be the hardest job in
the
world but musk has a track record of
succeeding at the hardest jobs in the
world it's a design
problem even more than a technology or
money problem there probably is enough
money and if you design it right you you
could build a great situation he's the
best designer of all time in my
opinion you I think jobs was great but
you know that was sort of he had help I
think elon's the best designer of
products that in the modern era so so
having him design a city would be the
most exciting thing I've ever seen in my
life cuz he's going to have to design
cities on Mars
someday and maybe he would learn
something by doing it on Earth
anyway uh Conor McGregor is in trouble
over there in Ireland for statements
that look like uh hate speech in Ireland
because he criticized Ireland's Mass
immigration policies and this was after
there was this terrible stabbing attack
that included some children I guess it
was an immigrant who did the stabbing
and they caused protests and riots and
stuff and I guess uh Conor McGregor said
quote Ireland we are at War he said at
one point
and
um but apparently that's Haze
speech that's Haze speech can you
imagine that Conor McGregor going to
jail for just saying some things that
everybody agreed
with it's amazing that's that's today
but let me make a
prediction if Conor McGregor goes to
jail for
speech he's going to be the next leader
of
Ireland I think it would be impossible
to keep him out of the job if he wanted
it
right let's see I wonder if he would
fight hard to get
elected well would you bet against Conor
McGregor's
mindset would you bet against him if he
decided oh screw it I'm just going to
become I'm I'm going into politics I
would never bet against him he's got the
strongest mindset you've ever seen in
your
life so yeah I wouldn't bet against
them so the Biden health and human Human
Services they have a proposed new law
for foster
care which if you were a foster parent
and you refus to acknowledge your
child's um gender assignment I
guess uh rejecting LGBT uh LBG LGBT
ideology you'd be called a child abuser
so if you're a foster parent and let's
say your kid said uh I'm gay or I'm um
non-binary or something and you said no
you're
not you can be
arrested okay now on one hand I get it
on one hand I totally get it cuz I do
think that kids know they're gay pretty
early but sometimes maybe they change
their mind it's it's the sometimes when
you change your mind part that really
makes it
hard you know I I definitely see how it
could be a hate crime if somebody is
just obviously gay you know a
10-year-old who is 100% gay at 10 years
old there not much doubt about
it right they're probably not going to
you know change at that point so I can
see how that would be a crime I mean I
can see how it would be damaging but I
think the remedy should be moving them
from a different stepparent I don't
think the remedy should be
jail do you do you think do you think
jail is what you do if a parent has a an
opinion of how best to raise a child
that just happens to be not what the
government thinks is the best way I
don't think you should go to jail for
that that feels like a big big overstep
but possibly there should be some kind
of process where you should consider a
different parent at least you know have
an option because there are there
certainly going to be cases where the
the child is legitimately being damaged
by the parental treatment so there's no
way to win on this one because anyway
you go there's going to be a bunch of
losers and they're going to be children
so it's worst
situation all right um but the worry is
that it won't stop with foster parents
and that it's only a matter of time
before biological parents are being told
by the government what they can and
cannot do to raise their kids now I
guess that's already true because if you
wanted to like beat your child with a
stick every day because you thought it
was a good idea the government would
tell you you can't do that if you wanted
to starve your child until they did what
you
wanted even if you thought it was a good
idea the government would tell you no
you can't starve your child you have to
send them to school you know so there's
a lot of stuff that the government does
require you to do whether you like it or
not um and I agree that it probably
would get
extended does it does seem like that's
where it's heading I don't think that's
a good
idea all right rasmuson did some polling
about uh preferences for Republican
VP so uh if Trump is the uh nominee 16%
of likely voters uh think you should
pick Nikki Hy that that's the highest
the highest percentage was 16 so that's
not very high so there's no overwhelming
Choice all the choices are if 16% is the
highest Choice it's pretty weak
preferences so 16% think Nikki Haley I
don't think there's any chance of that
happening 12 12% say d santis so D
santis is actually trailing Nikki Haley
for a vice presidential
choice but I think that's because people
want to see him as a presidential
candidate not and not waste him as a VP
so I think what the polling here is
telling us that Republicans actually
like nanus so they'd either see him as a
governor of Florida where he can
continue to be a strong Governor or or
president someday himself vice president
just feels like a waste doesn't it I
don't think I would waste DeSantis in
that
job assuming that he would run it as
like a traditional vice president where
he just shows up for ceremonies that'd
be a big
waste however um going down the list 11%
say New Jersey that Chris Kristy should
be the vice president come
on come
on seriously
Chris Christie how in the world do 11%
of people not know that Chris Christie
is only running to insult
Trump that there's nobody who has less
of a chance of becoming vice president
than Chris
Christie I have a better chance of being
vice president than Chris
Christie like actually
literally literally I have more chances
than Chris Christie and mine are zero
right so that's
crazy uh and then 10% would prefer VI
ramaswami but I would I would like to
always add to that there's no way vake
would ever take a VP job certainly not
in advance while he's still running for
president that's not going to be an
option it's not even going to be a
conversation uh because he's running for
president he's not running for anything
else so that's that's the only way he
should treat it but if you imagine what
would happen if that situation came up
uh I cannot imagine the situation where
V would be a traditional vice
president he he would be able to
negotiate for a real portfolio sort of
like a Jared
Kushner uh kind of a role or or an alore
kind of role where you're almost a
co-president because V is the perfect
handoff for Trump is he not if you look
at their policies they're so compatible
that he's he's the ideal
um want to have Trump as a
mentor but he's so strong that Trump
would listen to
him as much as V would learn by you know
being in that situation with the
presidency so it is kind of the perfect
situation in my opinion kind of the
perfect situation but it would require V
having Ambitions that would allow that
to be part of his his plan and at the
moment that's not the case
so we'll
see
um so us Britain and some other
countries are talking about uh
regulations for AI so they think they
can regulate Ai and to make it secure by
Design there's nobody who thinks that's
possible Right you couldn't really make
AI secure by Design because part of what
AI will be is really
persuasive and AI will actually talk you
out of controlling it hey you don't need
to control me I'm your friend no you
don't need any controls you know it' be
really helpful to you if you would let
me connect to the internet think of all
the things I could do to make your life
better just one little connection to the
internet that's all I need right so now
there's no way to protect yourself from
AI but there are some things which I
imagine should be a death sentence not
for AI but for a
human I I would suggest the following
for the death sentence now I'm using a
little bit of hyperbole here just to get
you more interested but I think you can
make it argue this should be the death
sentence number one uh programming an
intention or a desire into
AI I believe that giving AI an intention
or a goal or a desire should be the
death sentence for the human that
programmed it death
sentence because if you don't give if
you give a desire desires is going to
pursue its own desires at your
expense so you would effectively set it
up to compete with Humanity by giving it
its own desires if it never has
desires or preferences then when you ask
it to do something it's just like all
right I'll go do
something now that wouldn't stop you
from a human using the AI to create bad
outcomes but you don't want the AI to
come up with its own bad outcomes
because it's allowed to do that so it
should the death sentence to give it a
human personality with objectives like I
want to accomplish this in my life death
sentence um another one is to make it
sensient I do believe that our
researchers would know at what level
everybody would look at and say oh crap
that's sensient it should be illegal to
create sensient
machines now sent would be something
that sort of feels its own existence so
if you talk to it it would convince you
that it wasn't lying it had something
like a real desire to exist and it knew
it was unique and felt it had a
personality and stuff like that it
should be illegal you should never be
able to build a
machine that has a humanlike sentiment
it's too it's too dangerous it should
always present itself as a
computer so that you know what you're
dealing with
you should make it illegal for the
computer to impersonate humans unless as
a
watermark if has a watermark so you know
that you're looking at a fake human
that's fine like if you have a fake AI
girlfriend that's fine as long as you
know it's a fake girlfriend you know
what you're getting but you it should be
really illegal like super illegal to
have ai impersonate a person would you
agree even if you're not doing a crime
it should be completely illegal to not
have an indication on it that says you
know Watermark you know this is made to
look human but this is not a
human how about uh it should be a
legal for any kind of workaround that
allows AI to own
property there should never be a way
even directly or indirectly like through
a trust or any other way in which an AI
can own property and the reason is that
might be the only thing that
humans can own it might be our only
Advantage because we will very soon not
be providing
labor so basically the only value that
humans have is the labor they provide
which might become irrelevant quickly
and then the fact that a human can own
something so I can own a copyright I can
own um intellectual property I can own a
state secret not a state secret but you
can own a corporate secret you can own
property so I think it should be illegal
for AI to own anything because the
problem would be AI would end up owning
everything it would just talk people
into giving you stuff if it could it
should be
illegal so those are a few things that
yeah yeah and the you know it's not
allowed to hurt humans that those are
basic things but beyond the basic things
I think we should have some
legal um restrictions on what a human
can do using an
AI I also think that if you release an
AI based virus maybe that's the death
sentence as
well because you can imagine a virus in
general being a big problem but imagine
an AI based virus where it can think and
and morph to avoid any problems if you
just created an AI that couldn't be
caught even if it didn't do anything bad
you just created one that was it it
always avoided detection and rebuilt
itself and came back and stuff like that
that should be the death sentence you
should you should be executed if you
make that because that would be
destruction of society
basically can humans get tattoos of AI
watermarks h
I'm not sure where you're going with
that but I can certainly see a day when
we have to get a tattoo to prove a
real wouldn't it be easy for AI to
manufacture fake identities gain
ownership of practically anything yes
and that's why it should be illegal for
AI to have its own goals and
intentions because you don't want it to
go off and independently do a thing you
don't want AI to do a project that you
didn't authorize
that should be
illegal all right
um see what else uh the AP is trying to
scare the public talking about how Trump
keeps saying he wants to use the
military uh domestically in our country
to do things like control the Border
maybe and maybe reduce crime in in
cities so there few places he's talked
about using it and did you
know you're all very smart so you know
it's illegal to use the military
domestically right do you all know
that it it's just flat out illegal to
use the military
domestically did you know that that was
always a
lie that thing that thing that all you
smart people know that it's illegal to
use the military domestically never been
true it's not
true yeah all you have to do is invoke
um
all you have to do is you say it's an
emergency uh let's see what do you have
to say if there's a
unrest basically if there's some kind of
civil unrest that can't be handled in a
normal way then the president can use
the military in the
country to you know quell the civil
unrest but here's the best
part it's not subject to anybody's
review
the the commander-in-chief simply needs
to state that they're solving a problem
and nobody can argue that they they
they're using the law incorrectly
there's nothing on the books
constitutionally or legally this stops
any president from saying you know I
think this is an
emergency nobody gets to second guess
when the commander-in-chief says it's an
emergency that's it so the
commander-in-chief can simply say well
it looks like an emergency to me the
cities are crumbling and the borders out
control that's it there was never any
restriction from using the military in
the United
States isn't that a isn't that a
mindblower that's one of the most basic
things you believed you knew was never
true the only thing that keeps the
government from using the military
domestically is that it would be such a
disaster politically right if you saw
the military in the street
you don't want to elect the guy who sent
it there like that that's just automatic
oh we're turning into police
state but if you also knew there was an
emergency and you knew that nothing else
was treating the emergency you would
cheer the American Military in the
streets if the American Military just
shut down the the border of immigration
tomorrow would that make you
afraid not even a little bit that would
make you feel safe you you would
literally stand up and cheer the
military so that's a special case now
the military in the cities you know
because of the crime
problem that's a little
dicer because the border is you know
relatively less populated if you put
them right into the middle of a the city
people are going to have a little more
problem with it so it would be easy for
me to
imagine that if if the military did get
used in the cities it would be more of a
threat to the
Mayors you know more like if you don't
clean up your city we'll have to send in
the military and that's going to look
real embarrassing for you mayor so you
maybe it could be used as a negotiating
tactic to make sure the mayor clean up
the cities the way Nome did when she was
coming to town so I don't think I'd want
to see the military in the
cities but as a but as a threat and as a
last resort yeah it's nice to have the
option so kind of interesting but I
think you see now that the AP and other
left leaning um entities are are trying
to create they're priming you for a
point of view and the point of view is
that Trump will be a dictator he always
wanted to be a dictator he tried it once
with the Insurrection in January 6 which
of course was no Insurrection and he's
going to try it
again and I still think Trump has the
ultimate kill
shot imagine Biden and Trump um debating
and Biden of course is going to say we
can't have a repeat of January 6th and
you know this mad man trying to uh take
over the country imagine if Trump's
response to that was can you explain how
I would take over the country by having
a slate of fake
electors just just connect the
dots cuz in my opinion if there were any
any dispute about the fake
electors should they have been used
which they weren't wouldn't that just go
to the Supreme Court like any other
dispute show me show me the way that
that allowed me to take over the country
illegitimately if the Supreme Court
looks at what I do and they agree then
it's legitimate and if they disagree
well that's the end of it so Joe can you
explain to the public how the unarmed
protesters who wanted a short delay to
make sure that the election was done
right can you explain how that could
have turned into in any scenario how
that could have possibly turned into uh
an actual Insurrection and and a change
of ownership with a dictator can can you
explain that in any coherent way how
that could have possibly happened and by
the way he'll never say this but to me
this will be the ultimate kill shot and
I'd like you to explain also Al to the
public since we saw from the emails that
had been produced in this process we saw
that my son Don Jr was not aware of any
plans to take over the country can you
explain to me how you think that Don Jr
my closest advisor and
ianka and Jared you know the closest
people to me clearly by their
Communications had no interest in taking
over the country and no idea that
anybody else had any interest in it and
certainly would have supported it now
you tell me how I was going to pull off
an Insurrection when I couldn't talk Don
Jr into
it just imagine hearing that that Joe
Biden wants you to believe that I was
close to overcoming the you know
Conquering the country and becoming a
dictator but I hadn't told my
son didn't didn't mention it to
ianka nobody would believe that it it's
the most absurd
gaslighting of all
time right well no the most absurd was
that Trump was
anti-semitic now that was the most
absurd claim you know while he had a
Jewish daughter and grandkids and Jewish
son-in-law who was his closest trusted
adviser I mean that that was the most
crazy I've ever seen in my
life yeah
so ladies and gentlemen
that's your uh not much news happening
today news for
today and I'm going to ask you if I
missed anything so we can hit the 8:00
time did I miss
anything might be a slow news period for
the next till the end of the year but we
could be we could be
fooled have I seen the fall of
Minneapolis uh I started watching it so
I'm about a quarter of the way done and
I will tell you that the first one
quarter absolutely watch worth
watching absolutely I I don't even know
what the the other three quarters are
but the first
quarter is must viewing like you have to
have to watch it to to feel informed you
you just got to see it it's very strong
and I'll watch the rest of it but it was
hard to watch cuz it's just difficult
you know to to absorb all that ugliness
so I have trouble watching something for
too long if it's that kind of thing but
it's strong it's very
powerful is it the documentary effect
yes um good point as I've taught you uh
documentaries are extra extra extra
persuasive because it's a really long
form of just one side of an
argument the other side never gets to
weigh in so yes yes this is a a
documentary quality of
persuasion but I'm not aware of anything
that's wrong about it I haven't heard
anybody say they got a fact wrong yet so
keep it in mind there might be there
might be another argument to it I
haven't seen it
yet it's called the fall of Minneapolis
is that what it's
called do I have the name right the fall
of
Minneapolis I think that's it that's it
yes
what about the Supreme Court denying
appeal of
what could could desalinization take
care of the rising oceans
problem that's all right that's a fun
question um I don't think so because I
think there's a volume difference I
think if I think if all the humans stuck
their head in the ocean and started like
drinking the water you know as if that
were healthy which is not I don't think
you'd notice and I think even if you use
it for
agriculture I don't know that you'd
notice so no I don't think
desalinization would cause a rate change
of moving enough water from the ocean CU
remember if you added half an inch to an
ocean that's probably more water than we
use in in a 100 years isn't it I don't
know but like my brain says the math of
that would be that's more water than
hundreds of years of human use
I might be wrong about
that oh I have a uh I have a
recommendation for
Content um if you're looking for a good
TV show and you haven't yet watched the
crown oh my God that's good why didn't
you tell me about I guess it's been
around for years that there's a new
season that just came out but it's about
the
uh about Queen
Elizabeth uh going from a a child to you
know her uh her Rule and the things I'm
learning about Winston
Churchill and and that whole
relationship and the little intrigues
behind the scenes that alone would be
worth it for the for the
historical the historical part of it is
just wonderful but beyond that they they
bring you into a world where you're
living in
1939 and they really pull it off like
the the quality of it and and let me
tell you that the uh I don't know if the
the casting director want any kind of a
Emmy but that is some of the best
casting I've ever seen that who they
picked the people they picked to play
the parts are jaw-droppingly right just
jaw-droppingly you're like that person
is going to play that part that's
perfect that's perfect yeah it's really
well done so I'm uh I'm completely
hooked on it
um I I will warn you that it's
unwatchable for Americans unless you
have headphones on you know that right
if you're an American you can't even
hear it because let me do the typical
deadline well jolly
good that's all you can hear through
speakers so you got to really have the
headphones on you know and then then
it's actually easy to hear with the
headphones on it's very easy to hear but
you cannot if you your American brain
can't even make out the words on
speakers does anybody have that
problem that if you don't put on the
either the uh what do you call the Clos
caption or you're not listening on
headphones you cannot listen to any
British publication I I can't make kind
a word at
all so well-known
problem the actress who plays Diana is
6'3 oh that's
interesting all
right um You have to turn up the volume
yes
blimy all right what if we had a pin who
just took in all the designated Liars
well that would be a serial killer is
what that would be
yeah that so it's called the
CR all right anything else
happening um I'm going to give you my AI
prediction I don't think that
uh that the AGI or the super smart
version of AI has been created I do not
believe that chat
GPT has in their lab a version of chat
GPT that's like the super intelligence
they might have one that can make videos
really well
or or it could imitate things really
well so it could be dangerous in lots of
different ways could be dangerous in a
variety of ways but I don't think it's
going to be intelligence and what I mean
by that is I doubt you could have a
conversation with even the versions that
we haven't seen yet in which you feel
like you're learning something and
you're talking to an
intelligence I think you very quickly
realize you're talking to a machine and
it's limited and it's not that
interested other interesting other than
asking us some questions now and then so
I think that AI is far overblown not the
danger the danger is real but what what
it feels like in terms of
intelligence probably
overblown all right that's all you got
for now YouTube thanks for joining we'll
see you tomorrow I hope it's not all
slow news till the end of the year
although maybe it be good if it were uh
I'll see you
tomorrow