come on in here everybody it's going to
be a fun
time you'll be sorry if you missed
it but if you're listening to me now you
don't have to worry about that I
apologize for the chainsaw that's
happening right outside my
window um I can't use the microphone on
this
because uh I'm using the guest feature
and I'm going to be
introducing Naval rabant in a moment I
see you just joined and nval you just
have to uh you have to submit yourself
to be a guest and then I will select you
uh and then we're going to find out the
secrets to the universe but before we do
that and as as nval is getting set up
um we will uh enjoy the simultaneous
setp and oops I see some people are
joining Nal is here I'm going to get Nal
on
oops we're going to add
Nal and as soon as that's
alive Nal are you there right here can
you hear me yes hello do you have a
beverage with you I have some tea that
will suffice because as far as far as
anybody knows my cup is full of tea as
well um so join me will you for the
simultaneous sip whether it be your
thermos your mug your chalice your Stein
here it
comes now I think most of the people on
here know who you are Nal but could you
give those somebody who has never met
you and has never heard heard of you if
you were to give your own introduction
because when other people introduce
people they always botch it you know
that they always get something wrong
yeah if if you were going to give your
own quick introduction what would it be
uh I'm a primate from a small planet
that is circling a a star in the Milky
Way galaxy uh born in the 20th century
uh in India immigrated to the US first
generation immigrant when I was 9 years
old uh for the American dream uh was
fortunate enough to realize it by
becoming a technology entrepreneur and
angel investor uh and like every person
as they get older and hopefully a little
wiser now turning into a pseudo
philosopher uh well you you you left out
a few things uh because your modesty uh
your modesty uh may be preventing you
from saying but angelist of course is is
uh something yeah I I started a company
called angelist list which uh connects
startups and entrepreneurs startups and
investors uh largest online investing
platform for startups in the world uh
largest recruiting platform for startups
in the world largest launching products
platform for startups in the world uh
also made early investments in Uber and
and uh wish and uh uh Postmates and a
whole bunch of other companies that have
done reasonably well in the tech
industry um I write I tweet a lot you
know I got kind of obsessed with Twitter
it's sort of my art form um and I'm
always cooking up a a bunch of other
things uh on Twitter I'm probably uh
most famous for a tweet storm on how to
get rich without getting lucky uh and uh
also tweet a lot about philosophy and
happiness and things as I learn them
Twitter is sort of my diary all right so
I'll I'll add my filter on this um I've
said this a number of times and I'll
I'll say it again nval is actually the
smartest person I know in person there
may be smarter people in the world you
know I'm I'm sure that you know out of
seven billion people I would find
somebody who's like oh that's the new
smartest person but in terms of people
I've ever met he's the smartest person I
know across so many fields that uh you
know that that's the unique part you're
smart across a number of fields so I
thought what would be most entertaining
for the the people on here is for me to
just ask you some questions on a number
of interesting topics you gave yeah
before before we get into that has
anybody ever called you out on why you
do the simultaneous sip have you ever
gone to an explanation yeah many people
have uh have understood why I do it I
see um it of course is a a pacing and
bonding right and U sort of a training
wouldn't be the right word but it is
kind of that um what I'm
associating the delicious Taste of
coffee that for most people is a
pleasurable experience
it activates different senses than just
hearing or seeing now you've got the
memory or the actual experience of The
Taste the experience how it makes you
feel Etc and so as that gets associated
with my product which is the periscopes
some of that goodness just um comes
across but it's also causing some
addiction I I understand from a lot of
people who yeah it's extremely pavlovian
how you're associating caffeine and that
warm comforting feeling uh the
anticipation buildup when the Periscope
starts the physical motion the
alliteration and simultaneous sip The
Branding it's beautifully done right
it's overly manipulative uh and yet it
works well to me is a Hallmark of great
persuation yeah I'm I'm not sure I would
do it if my theme were not to how to
persuade so you know you sort of have to
model what you're doing so at least as
long as I'm uh overtly you know OB
obvious and how I'm doing it you can
feel the you can feel the effects while
watching while watching the technique
which is very powerful you know that you
can actually feel the the persuasion
even if you're saying no don't don't
persuade me with this damn it it's
working so that's very powerful uh yes
did you have any other questions no no
it's well it's very well done I was I
was admiring it because when you first
started it uh I thought it was so overly
manipulative that uh you know it I I was
like it wouldn't work on me and yet on
the occasional times when I manag to
watch your periscopes and it's usually
later in the day I watch the reruns um
uh I'm always a a little uh I'm a little
annoyed at myself that I find myself
reaching for a cup of
something well you know the other thing
that's interesting about Periscope is
that it's it's the first personal
broadcasting um experience I've had
meaning that it's broadcasting but
normally like I do interviews there's
satellite interviews where you're just
in front of a camera and you're talking
to maybe a million people but you don't
feel anything personal it's like you're
talking to a camera you're listening to
something and your ear but in Periscope
I actually feel connected to the
audience um in part because of the
comments in real time I I agree I think
Jack and team are really on to something
here uh I've wanted this feature for a
long time and I've asked Twitter for it
and I even had a friend working on the
side building something in this space
because it didn't exist and of course
now he's sort of disapp because you
spent a lot of time and and didn't and
Twitter launched this uh but I think
this is a in a sense it's a new medium
in a sense it's a throwback if you look
at podcast today the majority of
podcasts are one-off interviews because
any single speaker runs out of things to
talk about and you're you're actually
very rare in the Periscope world or in
the podcast world because you continue
talking to a camera uh with no one
talking back now obviously the the feed
from the audience is new it's replicated
in twitch if you see that people
watching video games the twitch streamer
is talking at the same time uh to Their
audience who's talking back but I think
this brings back talk radio but
modernized for the internet so I have a
sense that especially with this ability
to dial people in and they're going to
need some moderation feature to figure
out who you should connect in who has a
good mic setting who's not going to make
an idiot of themselves on the air so to
speak uh but I think this could replace
large chunks of podcasting I not only
that I think it could replace the news
because you know people are feeling
pretty underserved because the you know
the two sides and all they get is the
two sides but one of the things that uh
I like to do is talk to people that I
don't necessarily agree with and I want
to do a lot more of that so as soon as
Twitter can do the video split screen
and I'm sure that's you know somewhere
on their product Road mapap pretty soon
I would imagine that that's going to
change everything because once I can get
to to climate people who disagree on
here then we're going to have some fun
because I true yeah news is not really
news anymore uh you know what it's
really like I think both the internet
commoditized distribution of facts so
the news basically just became
entertainment and then on top of it you
also had CNN once you had 24-hour News
Channel you had to fill it and there
just wasn't enough news to go around um
so now it's all opinions and
entertainment and heck we can all offer
opinions we don't we don't need uh
someone anointed to offer an opinion
yeah you know I hadn't thought about
information being commoditized you're
right about that the way I've been
looking at it is that everything went
bad when we were able to measure the
impact of the different content so as
soon as we could find out that the news
wasn't getting clicks and the and the
gossip it was it was all over because
you know we're a capitalist place we got
to follow the money so let me let me uh
let me ask you some big questions and if
you want to pass on any of these
questions or you just want to ask me a
question
sure I'm dealing with this question of
how do know when to trust the experts
and we see this across fields from
climate change to border security to
anything else and uh science
especially uh because there's so many
examples where science was unified but
then wrong uh some examples I hear and
I'm no science historian but for for
many years U doctors thought that ulcers
were caused by stress and now we now we
know that's not the case uh people
thought that the food pyramid and and
everything we knew about nutrition was
sort of settled to only find out it was
completely wrong it was about as wrong
as anything could be yeah so not not to
get into the politics of it but just in
general to me science the foundation of
science is doubt uh scientific things
are things that are uh
falsifiable uh verif independently
verifiable and make very narrow and
risky
predictions um and uh scientific things
it's not done by consensus that's
politics uh the moment you got to get a
whole bunch of people to agree on
something that's Politics the Hallmark
of science is you make a scientific
claim I can replicate or verify that
claim on my own that claim has to make a
set of predictions that are novel and
unlikely uh and narrow in in how they're
defined they're hard to vary after the
facts so if I come back and say well you
didn't match up with your prediction
you're not allowed to move the goal
posts uh too much uh and then those
predictions of course have to be
falsifiable there have to be tests that
could run in the real world uh that may
prove those things to be false and this
is not me this is Carl
poer without getting political and you
can defer on this does climate science
meet that
test I don't one of the reasons I don't
talk about climate science at all is
because politics it has nothing to do
with science people their politics all
day long and they get angry if you pick
the wrong ones um and I don't think I I
don't know how you could make it
scientific because there's only one data
point called the Earth and we have to
kind of watch it play out so the most
compelling argument I find uh for
climate change is Nasim taleb's
precautionary principle which basically
says we only have one planet we're
playing with so if you get it wrong it's
catastrophic don't screw this up and uh
the best argument I find against it is
that uh the moment something is so
politicized and emotional and you have
people with climate scientists in their
title their hardly going to be objective
anymore because their life depends on it
and I just think incentives are
superpowers so I just stay out of the
fry um I would say in general like I'm a
little disheartened uh as an
environmentalist and as a father of a
couple of children that uh everything is
about sort of This Global
environmentalism where we have to deal
with invisible greenhouse gases and
invisible long-term effects that that
are not really here today um and we have
to sort of risk the Earth's economy on
it when I would much rather rather that
we focus on local
environmentalism um for example most of
the carbon emissions are going to come
from China and India and China and India
are not going to sit back and not
modernize or stay third world countries
just because we are rich and now
suddenly have found environmentalism uh
I think the much more comp argument is
to go to them and say hey let's clean up
your Rivers because you don't have water
to drink that's safe let's clean up your
air because it's too polluted your
children are coughing and and getting
sick uh and if we turn them into
environmentalists by cleaning up their
local environment then I think they'll
be much more inclined to clean up the
global environment uh societies
naturally become more environmentalist
as they become richer North America is a
n carbon sink because it is reforested
so much because we value Gardens and
forests and trees now that we're rich um
and now that our population is going
down actually the best thing you can
look at for climate change is if you the
single best thing you can do for climate
change is what China did which is China
had a one child policy and then China
just got richer and now it's below the
replacement rate so the latest estimates
are that the Chinese population is
dropping precipitously and they're
actually worried about retirements and
you know economic impact from that um
but I think that's going to do a lot of
good for climate change I also think
people like Elon musker an inspiration
in that they are using the private
sector and Technology development to
build better technologies that makes
real change I've never seen government
save the world you know at least in my
lifetime or or if it does save the world
it's against other government like World
War II um so you know private problems
private Solutions I I actually added on
my list to ask you about the uh the
Talib view that we only have one planet
if there's even a small chance that this
is sort of an Extinction uh situation
that you have to act on it but here's
the problem and why I disagree with that
line of thinking that fits if you only
have one Extinction problem uh or or if
you have un limited money then you can
do you know you can go that's right
that's right yeah economics is a study
of opportunity costs and uh in fact U uh
who was it uh Nick Sabo uh brilliant
brilliant cryptographer and technologist
uh categorized this whole line of
arguments into what he calls Pascal scam
uh Pascal's wager of course being you
should believe in God just in case
because if if there is a God you show up
in heaven you didn't believe you're
going to hell but the problem is that
that when you when you're talking about
uh
probabilities of a large number of
events with sort of infinite outcomes
the human brain can't do that math uh
and so then it just basically Resorts
back to emotion and Instinct um and
here's a very simple way of seeing how
politicized the whole climate change
debate is um people literally decide on
the so-called science based on which
political party they belong to right
that just right there tells you it's not
a branch of science it's a branch of
politics right yeah I've I've been doing
a deep dive with you know with the
public as as part of my co- conspirators
to see if I can get to the bottom and
I'm I'm
genuinely undecided about how worried I
should be because the deeper I go I keep
finding that both sides are lying so
grossly that uh there's got to be some
truth that's more true on one side or
the other but there's so much BS from
both sides that uh I don't know how to
penetrate that yet but I have some ideas
I'm working on that yeah it's a tough
problem because you know at this point
the you're not even allowed to have the
conversation which is another another
indicator that you're out of the realm
of science because the Hallmark of
science is doubt right you're allowed to
doubt in science there would be no
progress in science if there was no
doubt um so you you know the moment you
stop you stop being able to have a
discussion uh now it's it's politics
when you try and shut people up it turns
into shouting which is kind of where it
is I mean if climate change is happening
let's let's say that it is happening and
say it is being caused by humans I still
don't see the solution I just simply
don't see how you can stop the world
from from doing what they're doing uh
you can stop India and China and the
third world from modernizing without
some kind of a a war or an economic
sanctions that are so ruined as that of
just Destro the whole economy well let
me let me be Devil's Advocate what you
could do is develop Greener Technologies
at a more agressive rate and then
economics does the rest yeah that is the
way out but even to the extent that
Greener Technologies are being developed
uh you know the the history of the human
race is the history of extracting more
and more power from the natural
environment and delivering it where we
need to you know all the way from
burning oil and coal to like creating
the laser uh so in a sense we are headed
towards a model in which we will mimic
mother nature and mother nature
generates most power through nuclear
fusion uh and then it transmits it
through solar energy and conduction and
those kinds of things so I think we'll
end up there just for just for
efficiency reasons and just for power
performance reasons so so you're the
you're the perfect person to ask so when
I bring up
Fusion uh what I get is in it has never
worked before it's the flying car of
energy it's it's Pie in the Sky it will
never happen at the same time there are
no fewer than I believe 10 legitimate
funded startups working on Fusion who
all think they have a you know a line on
it to those unsolvable problems and and
then the context is everything that that
didn't work well everything that works
started as something that didn't work
you know the airplane wasn't the
airplane until it was cell phones
weren't Popular until they were good
enough you know pretty much everything
so is it nonsense to say Fusion won't
work because it hasn't worked yet yeah
Fusion will definitely work it works in
nature it's just a question of when uh
it's a question of uh does it happen in
10 years 100 years does it happen in
orbital space does it happen on Earth uh
it obviously already Works in nature
it's how the stars are powered um the
issue but just the engineering yeah the
engineering can absolutely get there the
issue is that we just haven't done
enough iterations because we over
regulate and shut down nuclear
experimentation we don't have a model of
experimenting and iterating with nuclear
plants uh if you look at for example if
the when the first airplane had crashed
we'd shut down all new air airplane
development or when the first motorcycle
had crashed we shut down all motorcycle
development uh or even when the first
steam engine blew up people forget steam
engines used to blow up killing
everybody around them um so you just
need to be able to iterate a lot for
technology technology development is
done through iteration the problem is
you get a few high-profile problems like
Three Mile Island in Fukushima and then
just the fear of invisible particles
destroying us and giving us cancer uh
you know something out of a horrible
movie uh just sort of shuts everything
down so we need to find a way to
experiment and iterate a nuclear fusion
at a fast rate if we're going to get
there so I had a suggestion I'll run
this by you that we pick some desert
area uh where even if there's a meltdown
it doesn't really much matter you put I
think that's that's one way there's also
passive fail reactors where like on
their passive situation if you pull the
plug on them like nothing goes wrong
it's the other way around they can only
fail actively um people are obviously
talking about cleaner byproducts but I
actually think the most inevitable Place
World get developed if nowhere else is
Mars exactly is one of your commentators
is saying like if we go to Mars the last
thing you want to do is living in a
biosphere with like an artificial bubble
uh trying struggling for oxygen you know
life on Earth is hard enough like going
to a place where oxygen is even harder
but what Mars is really good for is for
scientific experimentation and building
um so iterating nuclear fusion plants
and Mars I don't think anybody will care
nobody saying well I care because I've
watched those sci-fi where the Mars
population becomes more technologically
advanced on Earth and then they attack
it's going to we we just we just prick
their
bubble all right um so you've you've
probably met enough investors in that
space that when you say Fusion will be
solved in an engineering sense the stuff
that is considered almost impossible um
how confident are you that and and could
you put a could you put a a window on
that I can't put a window on it the the
reason I'm not as confident as I like to
be is that I I don't really see teams
successfully raising lots of money and
building it because I think there are
still uh major environmental and
Regulatory impediments uh if the
environmental regulatory impediments
weren't there and if there was a fast
iteration cycle the way Tech development
works it's not like you raise a hundred
billion dollar and go into a corner and
beaver away for 25 years the way it
works is that you ship something two
years from now and then something two
years later something two years later
and that op option cycle doesn't exist
because you just the the regulatory red
tape combined with the minimum uh
threshold to get a working plant going
or too high but why why does then why
would a fusion startup be doing it in
the United States why why don't they
just take a base in some desert you know
country some place where there's just no
people I think at least right now Fusion
startups can't raise the amount of money
they need to raise to make meaningful
progress uh I could be wrong I don't
necessarily look at energy investment
that much but just the sums of money
required uh are too high and I haven't
yet seen that kind of geographic
Arbitrage that you talk about because
this is not just about long-term
development anything you build to kind
of pay back investors and justify the
risk uh would have to actually power
something in the short to medium term
and if you're sitting in the desert
there may just be no one nearby for you
to send the power to well suppose the US
government said uh this looks like it's
a $5 billion thing no matter what we do
here's five
billion could it get us there uh I don't
know the number but I think that an an
Manhattan Project like approach could
get us there if we basically said hey
this will not only provide Humanity with
free abundance but also solve a lot of
environmental issues in the long run uh
we should just hunker down and put our
best scientists and a lot of money
behind it I think that would be smart
you definitely have to get the private
sector involved and with some kind of
incentive scheme uh so that they iterate
fast you'd have to have good testing
you'd have to make sure you don't just
end up with a generation of fusion
scientists now who have to defend their
jobs and so they'll even cover up things
that aren't working but I think it's
definitely
feasible all right
um give me the I'm gonna ask you the
question that I even hate to uh to ask
because I I can imagine how many times
people have asked you this the future of
crypto now I'm sure blockchain will be
around but are any of the cryptos going
to make it okay the current batch of
cryptocurrencies well you know a lot of
them have been uh pretty unnecessary and
sketchy um I think there's three or four
uh groups of cryptocurrencies that are
interesting in in their own right uh the
first is called it Bitcoin because it's
a store of value Swiss bank account in
the cloud uh and it's a insurance
against M by politicians uh I consider
Bitcoin political insurance so for
example if Alexandria kazia Cortez or
you know Elizabeth Warren or ber Sanders
uh impos socialist policies in the
United States uh you could see Bitcoin
Skyrocket uh similarly in other parts of
the world like if you're in Venezuela if
you had the ability to get Bitcoin and
use it you'd be much better off than you
know trying to hide dollars in your
mattress or gold bricks or certainly the
Venezuelan Boulevard so I think that
that is one category of crypto that I
don't think will go away it's
basically yeah I was sort of connected
to that um I had an idea that I ran by
my audence the other day I want to get
your opinion on it which is if there
were some country let's say Switzerland
that could be a government in a box that
could just come into a failed country
and say look we're definitely not going
to take over because we're not even
bringing a military you're going to hire
us for two years we're going to we're
going to build a government that has
some credibility and then then when
you're up and running we're going to
leave and as long as they didn't bring
in their own Army probably pretty
credible um and I can also imagine that
that they bring in maybe a crypto
solution to because currency is always a
big problem in those situations uh would
anything like that work do you think
yeah there are multiple country
scenarios that could work uh one
scenario is some small country that's
coming out of an economic crisis decides
to adopt a cryptocoin as their native
currency and if they just bought up a
bunch of it first then by legitimizing
it the value the remainder would go up
and make that country extremely rich
just for having been early adopted and
having made the network effect happen
now now let me let me just interject for
the audience who doesn't know all of the
ins and outs of this stuff one of the
reasons that the US dollar has value and
will continue to have value is that the
US government accepts it in the payment
of taxes so it'll always have a use so
it as long as the US government says
stff so in your example as long as
there's a country that says yeah we'll
take this in taxes boom it's got value
exactly exactly right yeah so uh you
know in terms of a country adopting it
uh it legitimizes it it makes a sort of
an economic uh fetac comp plea and the
first adopter knows what's coming up so
they either mint it themselves or they
buy up a bunch of it and every citizen
that country can basically retire uh
actually I have two retirement schemes
for entire countries if you have a
moment sure so so one of them is let's
say that you're small let's say you're
Venezuela and uh you recover from the
brutal Chavez and Muro rule um and then
you roll out infrastructure to adopt a
cryptocurrency you pick a new one you
know that's small smaller than Bitcoin
called but still very good like Monero
or zcash or one of the ones it's
basically a Bitcoin Fork that brings in
privacy and anonymity so it's even one
level better or you just Fork Bitcoin
you could just use Bitcoin too but you
know you're going to adopt it so you buy
up 20% of it then you declare that it's
legal and you're going to use it and the
remaining 80% you know people start
seeing the what's called a shelling
point it's a gathering point so people
run and buy it knowing that the second
country and the Third Country will adopt
that and then it becomes really valuable
now all your citizens have this
cryptocurrency you pick and then you all
retire because you've just got all this
wealth um it's almost like you you're
declaring the next US dollar as a
reserve currency you just happen to hold
a bunch of it is there a version of that
that pays off the US debt while not
replacing the US
dollar yeah the no well the US debt is
uh print it is denominated in the same
currency the US print so the US will
never have trouble paying off its debt
it'll just end up in inflationary
scenario but there's some evidence that
a lot of hyperinflation tends to occur
when you have external debts to repay
not internal debts um so you just kind
of like Germany Yar Republic for example
I mean it can happen in both but that's
where it's been more common um the other
scenario I think is more interesting
which has been less talked about the
other way for a country to get rich so
look at something like the United States
right and now I'm going to wander into
an area where I really shouldn't which
is the immigration debate right which is
the problem with immigration is that you
have privatized gains and socialized
losses right uh some people benefit from
immigrants coming in across the border
and other people lose so for example as
a tech employer I benefit from skilled
immigration because I get to hire people
at lower cost than I would hire native
am you know local Americans um or if I'm
some you know Farm owner in California I
benefit from low cost migrant Labor uh
if I'm a politician uh you know who's
the leftwing side I may uh benefit from
illegal immigrants who I know are going
to be legalized and then vote my way so
I'm importing voters right so there are
these these privatized benefits but then
the average American who's looking for a
job gets outc competed or because we
live in a welfare state where anyone can
go to the emergency room and people
talking about socialized medicine and we
have welfare system uh you know the the
burden falls on everybody so the average
American loses out on something so how
do we Rectify this how do we get
everybody on the same page because it is
a nation of immigrants it's a pot it's a
lifeblood economy uh lifeblood econom
or has been traditionally so I would say
that a way to do that is to cut
everybody in on the action so let's say
we securitize citizenship we give every
American citizen an extra passport so
you Scott you get a blank passport I get
a blank passport everybody on this
Periscope gets a blank passport uh and
then we can choose who kind of comes in
within some vetting restrictions they
can't be terrorist they can't have
record Etc but I may choose to uh you
know bring in a skilled computer science
worker uh you may choose to bring in you
know your your housekeeper who's been
like really friendly and great and but
doesn't have you know the right to come
in as a citizen uh somebody else might
say actually I just want to retire I
want to find the hardest working
immigrant who will come in and do you
know twice as much work as I would have
and I'm pretty lazy and cheap and then
they can just me half and I retire
somebody else could be fleeing a
dictatorship and we'll give you a
million bucks in savings very quickly
what'll happen is a market will form
around these passports and you'll be
able to put a dollar value on it so you
will know what the cost of letting an
immigrant is and what the benefit is and
you can collect it yourself only one
only one passport per you can do as many
as you want but you know I'm just making
it simple so basically the the overall
effect would be that we could sell
America and retire so for 300 million
passports every American could retire so
we double the nation's population over
time but every American of the current
generation would have a basic income
would have all their needs met they just
wouldn't to work we could be artists we
could be poets singers musicians
inventors whatever we want it to be but
there's plenty of room and as long as
you make it true Merit base and you
create a market around it you can do
this now the best side effect of this is
that you also get good governance out of
it so if a new president comes in and
starts passing policies that Mak no
longer want to come in then the value of
the passports will immediately go down
uh and so you will vote that person out
of office because your most valuable
asset which is now more valuable in your
house and they're destroying the value
of it now now now in this idea does it
matter whether you have secure Borders
or uh it's only a question of whether
people coming in are are legal or or
illegal well I mean you have to have a
secure border otherwise like what's the
you can't you can't sell access when
access is open um you know I look I I'm
all for legal immigration I think we
should have lots more of it I'm a legal
immigrant uh and I think legal
immigrants bring a lot to the country
but you know most countries in the world
world uh do uh sensible merit-based
immigration it's not just who showed up
first uh and I think most sensible
people agree that you know America is a
Melting Pot we do well because of our uh
our Union not because of our divisions
uh and we do want more legal immigration
um but think yeah have you heard any any
good Arguments for open borders because
I've been claiming somewhat
provocatively that uh there there isn't
anybody who actually thinks that there
are people who say it but if you talk to
them in private they would say ah now
it's more of a conceptual thing not not
any yeah I've never met anyone with a
good argument for a completely open
border just because every try to define
the word country without using the word
border you can't right there's no
definition of a country or a state that
doesn't somehow use the concept of a
border there's no concept of an organism
without a border if you didn't have a
border like parasites from the
environment would come in and literally
Eat You Alive your house is actually
just a border around the rest of the
environment so you know words are just
borders around Concepts like borders are
intrinsic to things you can't have
things Without Borders The the closest
argument I've heard is it's funny and
how bad it is because the closest
argument goes like us all right assume
all the countries in the world get rid
of their borders and I go okay stop stop
we're not talking about anything that
can ever happen yeah right because it
because even the open borders people
would agree that if only one country
opens their borders that's not really
what they're talking about
right and I don't think there's any
chance China is going to open this
border yeah I mean you can't you also
can't have uh a modern welfare state you
can't have services for people you can't
take care of the homeless you can't take
care of the sick or the poor or the
elderly Without Borders I mean look I
came from India I love India I love
Indians but if you open the borders
completely then why wouldn't the 7 or
800 million poorest Indians just move
here tomorrow like if I were them would
it's completely rational um just because
they haven't come up to the border and
walk through but hell you know we can
organize a boating system like for
example here's how I can solve the whole
open borders debate tomorrow uh you know
I can run a free shipping service from
India to here and believe me everybody
will want to close border pretty
soon right all right um I love that
passport idea of basically uh giving
everybody a piece of the pie and selling
selling the American Experience yeah I
mean in an extreme case you could even
build a full market around it so let's
say that uh you know let's say that
China is being governed poorly right or
India is being governed poorly uh
another country could come in uh buy up
a whole bunch of passports vote the
current people out of office uh put
better politicians in charge and the
value of the passport would and they
would basically have done lbo of a
country a leverage buy out of a country
where they would have bought a giant P
become an activist investor raiseed the
value for everybody and then sold
everything off at a huge profit I I feel
like there are some problems with this
idea but that's that's a that's the
science fiction version yeah
um a question and stop me if I've asked
you this in but by the way we've already
said enough that I'm sure that some
journalistic troll will take everything
out of context and generate some hit and
headlines out of this so if anybody you
know wanders into this or if anybody
sees that happening I hope you'll them
out and encourage whoever's reading or
listening to come and watch the whole
episode um rather than resort to
clickbait
journalism I L I literally was just
reading a buzzfeed article about myself
I don't know if I saw it when it
originally ran it's like a year old in
which I said something somewhat tongue
and cheek and there was a whole hitpiece
on me for saying it you know as if I'd
meant it completely seriously so yeah
it's a problem yeah it actually it
actually comes up in your search results
because look looking for one of your
books and it came up somewhere in the
top 10 uh yeah I mean those kinds of
clickbait farms I think will eventually
go out of business I think eventually
we're going to end up with uh one or two
actual news delivery organizations like
AP and Reuters uh and then we're going
to have uh a long tale of independent
journalists um mostly operating through
Twitter and then we'll have a couple of
large entertainment and opinion
organizations you know uh which just
sort of reinforce your biases maybe New
York Times on the left and bright part
or Wall Street Journal or someone else
on you know on the right or center right
um but basically where people go to get
their ideas uh reinforced and validated
with some
data does it feel to you I've said this
on Periscope before but our social media
um platforms and other inventions it
seems like we're
recreating uh a superum being with all
the parts in other words Twitter is like
the mind of the internet in other words
that that's the idea dense you know
argument uh politics kind of thing
Facebook is sort of like the emotions
and the family you know Instagram is
more like your visual
sense um it and it feels like we've just
we're just recreating parts of a human
almost to create some kind of a a
Godlike entity that has all the parts of
a human accidentally you yeah I think in
in AGI and artificial general
intelligence is much more likely to to
be an emerging property of the internet
rather than something we create in a lab
um in that sense you can think of
cryptocurrency as how it gathers
resources for itself uh and things like
Twitter and so on or how it communicates
um you know here's an example of how an
AI could emerge uh every time I send you
a text message today uh if I mistype
something it autocorrects right
eventually it'll correct for sentiment
we're like oh I know Scott and Nal are
trying to get together but they need to
coordinate a time let me suggest a time
oh let even know that they want to get
together before they do and suggest they
get together right dot dot dot at some
point the internet is completely running
our lives if you're an Uber driver this
is already true the internet orders you
around what to do all day long for many
people who are getting emails from their
bosses a lot of these are driven by
events on the internet how long before
this becomes sophisticated enough that
we just symbiotically all connect
together and create the AI in a
borg-like fashion yeah so we're we're
just components of a larger mind at that
point yeah um
well my my head is spinning a little bit
on on that thought um who who is running
the country right now and I ask that
here's the context you know we have a
political system Etc but we we observe
that our politicians pretty much have to
do what the people ask them or else they
get voted out uh used who is it who's
influencing decisions at this point who
who is the biggest power source you see
well you have to you have to follow it
back up the chain right so uh first you
think oh it's obviously the politicians
but no the politicians are elected by
voters okay well now who gets you voters
and votes well it's been historically a
combination of mass media and money
buying votes uh not explicitly but
through advertising but as we saw in the
last election uh mass media sort of
failed to make its case uh or
traditional media failed to make its
case and advertising didn't work you saw
Jeb every time he spent money he went
down in the polls uh so back just going
further back up the chain it's all
happening on social media and on social
media you could say uh as Nim TB points
out there intolerant minorities of
activists who create memes and create
control the discourse but even further
back up if you have to look for the
greatest concentration of power it's the
people with their thumbs on the scale
it's the people who are writing the
algorithms to control the Distribution
on social media and I think this is a
very dangerous place for Facebook and
Twitter to be in like I've been very
explicit about this but I think Twitter
could be a very powerful and permanent
entity but only if it becomes a protocol
and not an app see today Twitter is
actually three different things Twitter
is a protocol underneath for delivering
messages Twitter is a software app that
you run on your screen and then Twitter
is a media company like the whole
moments thing and all the uh people that
they deplatform they promote and the
verification and all of the badging
stuff that they do and that should
actually be three separate things uh
because Twitter the protocol can survive
forever but if you bundle it with
Twitter the media company it's only a
matter of time before the politicians
say wait you choose the next president
well then we got to control you if you
have that level of control then we get
to have that level of control on you so
I think Twitter's got a short period of
time to go to being an open uh unbiased
protocol let people build their own apps
and media companies on top that can
filter or censor reject or promote uh
because otherwise uh you cannot have a
monopoly on the news uh especially if
you're overly outwardly influencing it
and you have an editorial team I just
don't think a democracy will stand for
that would uh would you think it would
work if we just had government oversight
of the algorithm even if perhaps it's
not public but let's say there's a judge
of technical judges who look at it and
say okay that that at least intends to
be fair no because any any process you
create becomes a Honeypot to be captured
any process so if you have a bunch of
Judges then everybody wants to control
those judges you have some voting system
people want to hack that system I think
the only way out is to just decentralize
it so Twitter the protocol should accept
a message from anyone deliver it to
anyone who wants and then people can
choose what app to run on top of it and
what media Editor to have on top of it
if any that's the only way out but how
do you then how do you manage um to use
Twitter's language the health of
conversations because we we tend to you
know the the more open and free things
are the faster they head to the toilet
there's no there's no objective
definition of a healthy conversation
what you consider a healthy conversation
is not what somebody else does it's a
objective let's just say let's just say
in terms of fake news you know and you
can you can have uh publish And
subscribe mutant block lists so every
time someone that you trust or some
organization that you trust identifies
something as fake news they add it to a
block list which you subscribe to and
it's automatically blocked out of your
client and you encourage your friends
and family to listen to your version of
the truth and subscribe to that same
block list it's how the world Works
anyway you choose which newspapers to
read and they're essentially white list
and black lists on the news but wouldn't
you imagine then that someone would
become the the most uh let's say most
influential blocker and you let's say
it's me let's say I start blocking
people and people say I don't want to
figure it out myself I'll just block
whoever Scott blocks then suddenly
whoever is the big one becomes unusually
powerful through who at least that way
it's competitive if you're doing a bad
job people can ignore you take you down
they have choices it's like today who's
The Blacklist New York Times New York
Times would probably be running the most
influential Blacklist or blocklist right
so it wouldn't even be you the Wall
Street Journal would be up there you
could compete but the whole point is the
reason capitalism works is because of
competition so it would essentially be
competitive market in uh editing in
editorial whereas today you just have
one small unaccountable team in a
corporate office somewhere doing it and
they're political biases are quite
obvious you know open the moments Tab
and see whatever the latest outrage is
and you can just tell kind of what the
people with their thumbs on the scale of
thinking and by the way this is not to
call out Twitter I actually think
Twitter's heart is in the right place uh
I've I believe Jack understands this and
I think the Twitter team is interested
in longevity of the platform I just
think right now they're caught being a
rock and a hard place because at each
side wants them to take sides people
scaming at them all day long and sort of
human nature to try and make your
friends happy and I think it's very hard
to walk back to a point where you're
impartial and neutral uh that said if
Twitter doesn't do it there'll be a
blockchain blockchainbased protocol
version of Twitter that will replace it
you know 10 20 30 years from now there
are at least a dozen good Twitter clones
in development that use blockchain
technology they're not all quite there
yet but they will be good enough that
you know three four 5 years from now if
there is an opportunity or a reason for
a large block of people to exit from
Twitter there will be a new social media
in the cloud happy to receive
them uh is black is blockchain going to
be efficient enough to hold a a major
platform like that that's part of the
reason why it hasn't happened yet but it
absolutely will there's no fundamental
technological reason why it can't scale
especially with social media you need a
much lower grade of censorship
resistance than you do for example with
a Swiss bank account Swiss bank account
you know if I'm Bitcoin uh there's
hundreds of billions of dollars worth of
value in there so it has to be locked
super tight social media okay worst case
you hack it you create some fake news
you know it's you're going to have
millions of dollars worth of security
not hundreds of billions of dollars
security much more tractable
problem now if we get to a point where
nobody has their thumb on the scale and
the you know the regular news is sort of
discounted um I've I've said that power
will turn into the product of whoever
whether it's a person or organization
that has the best product of influence
meaning skill to influence knows how to
do it times reach meaning size of
audience and I've uh I've speculated
that if I if I reach a million users on
Twitter that I'm running the country
most credible man in the world uh yeah
certainly if you if you reach the the
right million well every day that passes
it gets easier and faster to build your
audience uh you know for example a great
tweet that I saw was that PewDiePie on
his new news channel this is a YouTube
blogger who I've actually never listened
to so I'm talking secondhand now but
he's a I think he's a kid out of Sweden
or something like that and he runs a
very influential uh kind of a YouTube
entertainment Channel but just his news
broadcast alone get three times of
viewership of the number one and number
two rated cable news shows so PewDiePie
is the most most trusted name in news so
distribution is free if you've got
something interesting to say
distribution happens instantly uh like
you and I could say something uh very uh
insightful or controversial here and if
a billion people needed to hear it you
can bet a billion people would hear it
my how my how to get rich tweet storm on
Twitter by the way across the whole set
it has about 40 to 50 million
impressions and that's just on Twitter
I'm not even counting the blog Pages the
PDFs I've not marketed one bit I've
never spent a dime on it I haven't
published a book right so when one
random guy talking about how to make
money can get 50 billion Impressions
based just on the content distribution
is irrelevant it's all about credibility
it's all about judgment it's all about
how much do people believe you and what
you have to say the message will get out
well and The credibility is related to
how influential you are which is a set
of tools so yeah credibility comes from
uh your ability to predict the future
correctly and your track record for
doing so combined with your influence
and your B to convince people that you
predicted the future correctly or can um
It's a combination It's a combination of
influence and and actual predictive
power uh you might be amused according
to the uh the audience here who is
making comments uh we started glitching
like crazy on this last topic so that so
I'm not sure if it'll work on on
playback but a number of people lost
some of that but okay well I I could
hear it just I could just fine so if you
hopefully it's stored somewhere let me
ask you some other questions Universal
basic income is it inevitable because of
the world of robots uh or is it the
worst idea ever or something in between
I think there's a form of universal
basic income uh which works which is
free services so uh you know do the
thought experiment of if we if we all
had degrees in hardware and software
engineering okay and we were all
perfectly knowledgeable Engineers what
would the world look like five years
from now we would all be retired and our
robot servants would be doing everything
even our thinking would be done by
electronic brains uh we'd have unlimited
entertainment from robot actors and and
virtual actors we'd have unlimited food
from robot farmers and so on so
technology can create massive abundance
and it's literally only just a lack of
knowledge that holds us back it's a lack
of education so I think we can get to a
form of Ubi where your cell phone is
free but it's not free because the
government gives it to you it's free
because Google gives it to you right
because uh their robots want you to
watch their virtual reality show uh that
is accessible through their phone but
but wait only you're only going to get
free stuff from a corporation if they
think they can influence you to buy
other stuff and yeah at some at some
point I mean you have to do something
with your life I don't think people just
want free money because if you if you
just get free money you have no meaning
look at trust fund kids who never have
to work a day in their life what are
they doing right they basically fly off
the rails um but wouldn't you say 10% of
the population is going to be perfectly
happy to stay on the couch they can and
they already do I mean what what's the
labor force participation rate right not
everybody works uh and not everybody
works full-time so that's fine so you
know some percentage of the population
will always subsidize some other
percentage of the population the problem
I have with Ubi as a Straight Cash
transfer is that it's a straight
slippery slide in Social ISM and
slippery slide is not a fallacy that is
actually just how humans work uh so the
moment you basically say oh you can vote
yourself all the money you want then
first it starts with the 99% voting
themselves all the money from the 1%
then 98 from two 97 from three and it
ends when 51 at the bottom vote
themselves all the money from the top 49
at which point you have a complete
economic meltdown so I just I I I I
understand the technology-driven
Leverage is exacerbating the uh gap
between the Hales and the Have Nots you
were actually the one who said what if
it's not the rich are getting richer but
the smart are getting richer this was
something you said years ago that I
thought was very intelligent uh the
problem is that if you just reallocate
through pure Force violence voting uh
there's just no bottom to that you end
up with Venezuela so I think it's much
better and safer for everybody if we do
a combination of Technology enabled
abundance where for example education
should be free at this point the idea
that you need toay pay half a million
dollars to go to an ivy league
university and sacrifice four years of
your life so a professor can lecture you
in a lecture hall is absurd you can
already get all the MIT courseware
online you have things like Lambda
school where they'll like literally pay
you to go to school or why combinator
would they'll pay you to start a company
and while they train you so it's it's
just a matter of credentialing and and
the current economic and and the current
uh generation coming around to
understand that so these things will be
too cheap to meter and almost free and
that will be the real Universal basic
income by the way nobody nobody who has
a degree in computer science even if
it's from an online school is looking at
Ubi as a potential outcome right knowing
how to manipulate computers and robots
is the modern equivalent of Reading
Writing and arithmetic so what we're
dealing with is we're dealing with the
last generation that didn't know how to
read at some point and they're like how
are we going to make a living we don't
know how to read and the economy is
switching to a white our economy so
that's really what's going on it's a
one-time transition that needs to take
place this is not something we should
wreck our economy forever
around let me challenge you on the
slippery slope you knew this was coming
sure uh so I I've called the slippery
slope and illusion meaning meaning that
everything will go forever until there's
a reason for it to stop so therefore
that that explains basically everything
everything will go until there's a
reason to stop but there's always a
reason to stop intia yeah and yeah and I
and I would point out that since we
already have many democracies and in
every democracy we the the poor do have
the power to vote themselves all the
money and it hasn't
happened uh it hasn't happened because
uh until now the US was a republic and
so uh republics slows things down and
for example money and uh the elites had
a lot more power in that situation uh
the US was designed as a republic not as
a direct democracy the founding fathers
feared mob rule just as much as they
fear tyrants but what's changed is Now
with uh the presidency having a lot more
power uh you know as television and
media came along the the presidency was
the most visible office and so it just
gained more and more power and every
time a Democrat or Republican was in
power they they Consolidated more power
into executive actions and into the
media uh bully pulpit of the president
for example pres the presidency is not
allowed to go to war we're not supposed
to be able to bomb anybody without
Congressional approval yet the president
now can attack a country at any time
there there used to be no such thing as
an executive order now that's like a
very commonplace thing uh I think 200
years ago if the president said I'm not
going to enforce that law because I
don't feel like it that would have
caused a human and cry no longer the
issue the president couldn't talk to 100
million people by going on TV now
obviously that happens so we've become
much more of a direct democracy because
of those kinds of things because of the
consolidation of power in the presidency
and social media and crowdfunding and
billionaires running for office have
also turned it much more into a direct
democracy so I do think the Republic
aspect of the United States is breaking
down to some extent uh and that is
leading more to a direct democracy which
will lead to I believe greater
nationalism on the left and communism or
socialism on the right I think we're
degenerating into a direct democracy so
but we're also completely changing who's
in charge because it's who's influencing
on social media Etc so wouldn't it
depend on whether the the balance of
influence on the Internet is pro-social
ISM or antisocial yes so this goes back
to the people with the the thumbs on the
scale the people writing the algorithms
have an inordinate amount of power as to
where everything ends up yeah all right
um so I I had I had thought that the
future of education is going to turn
into like a a a film model where like
Hollywood forms a team that is together
only for the purpose of making the movie
and then they go onto other projects and
it seems to me that that's the way
online education will go so instead of
the boring person standing in front of
the classroom and you're just filming it
as if you would never consider you know
the differences in the online you know
and the advantages you have versus
creating a product that has maybe a
great presenter a great writer a great
graphics group a great editor and there
it seems to me that if you were to
compare online training to iners now uh
in person is either better or at least
sort of similar but long term would you
agree that the online product especially
once you get to VR and and everything
else and ability to to uh customize for
every for every student isn't it going
to be 10x better than education is now
yeah absolutely I think that the best
teacher in the world for any given topic
will teach everybody in the world about
that topic like you should probably be
teaching everybody in the world about
persuasion influence there's nobody
better so why would I go listen to
number two when number one is available
U my how to get rich tweet storm you
know I'm actually turning that into a
larger media that I'm going to give away
for free um but once that's done you
know you can learn from other people
sure you can add to your knowledge but
everyone should consume the best of any
media you can already see this happening
with kids in YouTube Right kids are
learning so much from YouTube they're
going on to YouTube uh my younger
cousins even told me that they would go
to their high school and college classes
listen to the teacher and then they go
home and watch KH KH Academy to actually
learn the material like that's literally
how they were absorbing it properly so
we're still in the YouTube phase of this
eventually get to the Netflix stage of
this where you will have exactly you say
big budgets uh to create it it's not
going to be just video though you also
need interactive elements you'll need uh
you know peer uh help uh but you could
imagine uh just here's something
interesting about the internet when the
internet touches a business it tends to
go from a group of medium-sized
competitors and producers who are
separated by geography and
regulation into being one or two or
three gigantic aggregators and a huge
long tail so journalism will end up
there there'll be Twitter Facebook maybe
the New York Times maybe the Wall Street
Journal and a long tale of small
journalist all the ones in the middle
will be gone um you see this in uh you
see this across the board you you you'll
even see this in like media and music
you see YouTube and Netflix as the big
AGG rators and you see a longtail so the
same way in teaching you will see two
three four gigantic schools where every
which actually produce the content and
produce the tests for the accreditation
and then you'll have a long tale of
millions of tutors um so someone like
you for example could be on Lambda
school or the their equivalent or
YouTube and you could be the influence
expert as voted by the audience you have
the most vote most views you're making a
living for everybody watching your
videos you have a team that helps you
produce it uh and then for actually on
the street practice there's a whole
bunch of Scott Adams trained or
certified devotees who basically will
sign up with you and Coach you
one-on-one on Skype or whatever the
equivalent
is somebody uh is asking what a a long
tail is the the best example of that is
Amazon instead of selling just the
bestsellers and the ones the books that
everybody wants you know back when they
were mostly books uh they could also
cover a book that only you know only
sells two copies a year so the long tail
is all all the little stuff that you
could never buy economically before yeah
and even beyond that in the past you had
to publish a book which was this giant
chunky object and now you have a long
taale of blog posts that explain the
same concept from a thousand different
facets and then for each blog post you
have a long tail of tweets so it's
fractal it just goes all the way down
right all right um here here's here's my
favorite question for you and uh I I
love the fact that you you didn't tell
me what not to ask about
because what what is the biggest
illusion of
life for for average people what what
Illusions are they suffering under the
the that are the most let's say uh the
biggest obstacles to them having a
better life I think the largest illusion
is the illusion of
meaning that anything kind of matters uh
because you're going to die and the
moment you die like n this all goes away
so I think that's a big one I think
related to that is the illusion of free
will because you're here from it you
know an unbroken chain of particle
collisions from The Big Bang till now so
you're kind of just your it's your DNA
reacting to your environment so thinking
there's a separate you making decisions
is is a hallucination and then I think
there's also just the illusion of
reality which is it's very high odds
that we're statistically living in a Sim
as you've talked about in the past a
simulation and I think that one's even
worse than people realize because uh you
know when people think oh we might be
living in simulation they think of the
Matrix right they think oh it's like the
Matrix and uh you know we're like I'm
keano Reeves and I'm Neo and I'm trapped
and there's like a real world above well
the thing is if you understand
simulation Theory it's statistically
likely that not only is there one level
above there's zillions of levels above
you so in The Matrix NE doesn't actually
get out he just pops one level higher
and now he's even more deeply trapped
because he's trapped in a shittier
environment and he's convinced it's real
which is the ultimate trap so now he's
not even looking for the next level up
even one level beyond that it's worse
than that because statistically likely
if you're in a Sim you're not some real
world character representing in a Sim
you're actually an NPC there's you know
Millions more NPCs in Call of Duty than
there are real players so uh you're just
you're you're probably just a Compu
simulation you are and as the Buddhist
would say you know you're kind of made
of the stuff of the world right you're
not separate from it so I think there's
there there's a couple Illusions for
you so uh I I had a thought about the
likelihood that we'll find intelligent
aliens elsewhere in other planets and I
I used to think the common the common
scientific thinking which is that the
universe is so big that surely there are
not just others but probably lots of
civiliz ations because the statistics of
it is so overwhelming unless we're a
simulation because if you're a
simulation you don't really have to
write the world that nobody's going to
visit absolutely yeah this is the the
rendering problem like if you look at a
a 3D Graphics game they don't bother
rendering or creating any part of the
world you're not looking at and quantum
mechanics hints at this which basically
says the Observer affects the outcome
without the Observer it's not clear
anything is happening uh also are this
is a lesser well-known uh aspect of
physics but very important one which is
the principle of least action the
principle of least action basically says
that some energy some unit is minimized
in all of physics like basically
particles follow the most efficient path
uh the universe is maximally efficient
if you look at light for example as it
travels through water versus air light
always takes the fastest most efficient
most energy efficient path so our
universe is designed or just happens to
be maximally efficient um so in a
maximally efficient Universe you
wouldn't bother creating or rendering
things that you don't need um so yeah I
don't I don't I that's not to say that
we may not have an Alien Encounter or
two uh it's still possible and we may
have already had who knows it's just
unknowable but uh that said like the
universe isn't going to bother creating
and rendering lots of things when
there's no Observer there to see it yeah
so the the I've been collecting evidence
that you would look for if you were a
software product in other words a
simulation like what would you look for
and as you said you you conserve
resources so you don't render things
that nobody's going to look at but you
would also you would also make sure that
people can't see what they're made of
and and sure enough in quantum physics
when you you drill down to smaller and
smaller and smaller it just becomes
something like probability and it's only
there if you see it that's right it
disappears yeah but I mean that that has
to be the case so there's uh you know
every formal System including science or
math ultimately rests on belief so in
that sense like you can chase religion
and math all the way down and they have
the same Roots there's only three ways
there's only three ways to resolve the
why question because you can always keep
asking well why is it that way well why
is that that way well why is that that
way right and you keep drilling down
there's literally only three ways way
number one is you have circular
reasoning chicken or egg well the egg
came from first how did that come well
the chicken came before that so that's
obviously false logic but circular
reasoning uh second is you can have it
be uh axiomatic right which is well we
just take this belief to be true and the
third is infinite regression those are
literally the only three ways that you
can get to the bottom of anything all
three of them are sofry all three are
loopholes so at the end of the day even
math has axioms that you just have to
take for granted a simple Axiom that we
all take for granted is the world is
going to be behave the same way tomorrow
that it did yesterday the laws of
physics going to be exactly the same way
that's a belief that's an unfalsifiable
belief so even science at the bottom at
the bottom of it is a belief and nothing
can be known for
sure so I'm watching the comments go by
and people are are just begging me to
ask you if you're a Christian or you
believe in God this is this is a
question you can take a pass on no I I
you know it's a it's a good question I
think it's a very personal thing I don't
think anybody should believe in anybody
else's rendition of God uh to me uh God
is just a fancy word for existence uh
God is a fancy word for Universe you
know if there was a God where would God
stand right where would God sit where
would God's home be to me it's obvious
that God has to be the entire universe
the universe is God it's just a
definitional game uh so you know one set
of people say God another say universe
they're saying the same thing so to me
existence itself is the thing and we're
made of it we're sub routines in the
greater
reality does that suggest that God is uh
more perfect in our future because we're
evolving and creating you know ways to
communicate and we'll we'll you know
probably in in your lifetime we'll be
able to terraform planets and create
life and all that so would you say God
is more in our future or more in our
past under that that filter on reality
well I know your God's debris hypothesis
which is a remapping of the Buddhist
hypothesis that it's like uh you know we
got separated and we're under some kind
of Illusion we're all trying to get back
to one thing and I think that's a
reasonable hypothesis uh I would just
tweak it a little slightly and I think
it's all fine the way it is I think
existence just is that's literally the
only answer you can give uh the
definition of Truth is what exists uh
the definition of perfection is what
exists there is no other definition for
example if you have some prediction
about the future and the universe turns
out a different way the way the universe
turned out is true and your prediction
was false so truth to me by definition
is what actually exists most of the
stuff that's going on in our head that
are judgments saying this is right this
is wrong this is the way it's ought to
be those are false and those are
Illusions so I don't think the universe
is heading from imperfection to
Perfection uh I think it's just all
perfect the way it is just it may not be
perfect according to my limited illusory
false self point of view uh but that
doesn't change that the the thing is the
way it is right uh who am I to second
guess so in that sense you could say I
am spiritual uh on the other hand it's
it's hard to keep all of this day-to-day
in your head because we're biological
creatures that are separated ourselves
from the environment we create a border
around ourselves and we try to take care
of everything within that border to the
detriment of everything outside of that
border and that's just how we got here
so of course we're going to be always
judging the external world is
imperfect I I have to rest every once in
a while as my brain my brain is is
processing um so so somebody said here
that God exists outside of outside of U
our reality or something and I'm
thinking that I don't know what that
means yeah well that goes back to the
trilemma that I talked about earlier
well then okay then who made that God
and where is that God standing and why
is that God that way at some point you
either go to infinite regression
circular reasoning or axiomatic and the
ultimate Axiom is God that's the Axiom
which is well because God at the end of
the day somebody got tired of answering
the question why and just said because
God that was the answer it's just an
axiom so you can make that
whatever you want to yourself but that
doesn't an objective answer I I have a
proposal for uh the meaning of
life and you know I always look for
things that are sort of actionable and
and practical you know nothing that's
just a philosophy and here's what I've
noticed that when people act in
accordance with their biological nature
they feel satisfied and they they have
an interior your sense of of meaning and
when they're outside of their their
biological
evolutionary you know Channel that's
when they get anxious that's when they
think nothing matters Etc so for example
you you've gone from not having children
to having a child did that add meaning
to your life or at least the the
sensation of meaning yeah absolutely it
did and and that's compatible with your
evolutionary biological sense um it
feels like you know I'm a believer that
you can trace back most of our
motivations to some evolutionary thing
at least if you use that model of the
world and that even things like being
productive you know doing work
learning that these things are so tied
back to your basic biological and
evolutionary impulses that you will have
the sensation of meaning when you're
acting in a in a way that's compatible
with your biological and evolutionary
self so I absolutely agree I mean
evolution is how we got here and I don't
see a lot of parent sitting around
saying what's the meaning of life it's
the kid that's running around right in
front of them yeah if you can't explain
something about human nature via
Evolution you're probably doing it wrong
um human nature is all about Evolution I
think where we get trapped where we get
screwed up is when we're trying to solve
society's demand which is other monkeys
with our own demands are biological
programming and I think a lot of the
thing that creates unhappiness in modern
society is a struggle between what
Society wants and what the individual
wants uh and uh at least today I think
most people have a have this guilty
voice in their head telling them what
they ought to be doing and that guilt is
just society's voice talking in your
head uh versus what you intrinsically
want to be doing according to your
biological programming now the problem
is modern society and modern
civilization can hack your biology in
many ways ways we're not meant to
consume uh infinite news Infinite porn
infinite food right we live in an era of
too much abundance so the modern
struggle is is is almost you have to be
a modern aesthetic to survive in society
you have to learn how to Shield yourself
from the incredible violence you can see
on TV you know and if you were involving
in a tribe thousands of years ago if you
saw one murder it would have been so
horrified and traumatic the tribe may
have talked about it for years and it
would have taken you a long time to get
over it now you can turn on the TV and
flick through 50 murders no problem in a
short period of time what is the
psychological damage that's done to you
the sugar that you're eating the crazy
porn that you've been watching the uh
you know the the drugs that you've been
doing the alcohol you've been drinking
all of that stuff it's just throws us so
far off balance that I think we're lost
from our biological underpinnings which
is why when people need to recover they
go to an asham they go out in the woods
they go to Nature they go on a fast if I
can just sorry to keep rambling there's
one idea I can introduce that I that I
saw recently YouTube there's a great
video about this this guy had this idea
for a dopamine fast okay which is for uh
one day every couple of months he goes
on a complete dopamine fast which means
that he just drink drinks water he
doesn't really talk to other people he
doesn't read books he doesn't watch TV
he doesn't go to work you can meditate
you can exercise you can Journal but
that's it and you can drink water and so
you reset your dopamine receptors back
to where you can find meaning and
happiness in the ordinary and everyday
natural thing
now uh is that what he told his wife he
was
doing right when he actually ran off to
God knows what all right
um so
Define uh Freedom somebody said on
internet recently that freedom was you
you can measure your freedom by whether
you have to get up on somebody else's
schedule if you have to wake up when
somebody else wants you to wake up
you're you're not
free and uh you know when we were
negotiating to do this you you mentioned
that you want to start at at 11 our
local time because you don't need to get
up before that and you're more of a
night owl anyway right don't you you sh
yeah I wait to bed at 3:30 in the
morning last night 3:30 in the morning
yeah so that that feels like the
definition of freedom to me oh looks
like
we lost Naval and then he's back
and of all when you uh you're going to
have to
uh there you go you're back and we will
be able to hear you in a
moment and he's back you're there
right okay
um so do you like that definition that
if you can wake up when you want to
you're free yeah I think that's a really
good practical day-to-day definition uh
not having phone calls you have to take
not having alarm clocks that you have to
get up to um you know not having to wear
a tie if you have to wear a tie when you
go to work you're not really free if you
have to be at your desk at a certain
time you're not really free I think
that's like physical Freedom right then
I think there's also the freedom to make
your choices in life uh to kind of live
the life that you want to self-actualize
and then finally there's freedom from
your own thoughts right there sort of
that freedom from your own mind
constantly telling you uh berating you
how you feel so there's multiple layers
to it but I think as a practical
everyday definition I think not having
to wake up to an alarm clock and not
having to wear a uniform to work is a
great one I wanted to add something to
the the uh the point before this um I
got in trouble on the internet was
actually the thing I was talking about
earlier that BuzzFeed took a little too
seriously and I showed a graph of how
the number of people living at home
skyrocketed at about the same time as
the first iPhone came out and said just
a coincidence now I wasn't being too
serious but there is a part of that and
obviously it had more to do with uh home
prices and and the economy so that was
assuming that's the major driver but
here's the thing if I had a
smartphone I would have a lot of
entertainment and a lot of access to
things that give me dopamine without
leaving home you know if I if I had a
bedroom and mom's cooking um I I could
could probably be okay with that for a
long time whereas I remember my own
motivations to get out of the house as
soon as possible were because there was
nothing in the house that I ever wanted
to do like being in that house was just
so unhappy you know just bored and you
know Etc but if I had a
smartphone I might not be s in such a
hurry because it satisfies so many of my
social and you know intellectual needs
do you think there's anything to that
oh yeah the the real Universal basic
income is cannabis and video
games that is the best
thing you've said in five minutes
because you
say the real Universal is is cannabis
and video games I watch that get tweeted
and quoted obviously it's tongue and
cheek but yeah I mean I look this is
this is the modern struggle there is so
much of an abundance of sort of cheap
fake instant dopamine and meaning like
how do you how do you motivate yourself
to do the real thing anymore uh this is
the thing that every parent is currently
struggling with this is the thing that
every teenager is currently struggling
with uh and I think the next generation
is going to have to learn how to conquer
a greater set of addictions like like
you know all the problems of olden times
were scarcity I don't have enough of of
whatever now they're all abundance I
have too much of this I have too much of
that how do I stop doing this how do I
stop eating how do I stop playing video
games how do I stop drinking alcohol how
do I stop smoking weed how do I stop
going on social media well not not the
not the bottom 20% they're yeah they
still have a shortage but I the point
stands yes well I think I think the yeah
that's right but I think the at least in
a first world society success and
failure in the future and even today is
much more about how you control and
manage and break addictions uh than it
without even going out and doing
something wow that now I completely
agree with that and I've never heard
anybody say it before and I wonder if
we'll get to the point where your uh DNA
will predict what kind of an addictive
personality you have are we already
there we're already there uh in fact if
you look in human history generally
pessimists survive because if you're
walking through the woods with a friend
you hear a tiger and the pessimist Runs
The Optimist thinks it's not a tiger The
Optimist gets eaten right so
historically pessimists survive and
optimists don't make it but I think in
modern society because we have so many
uh options available to us optimists do
a lot better optimists you know break up
and go find a new girlfriend or
boyfriend because there's just many more
people to select from uh optimists do
well because there actually isn't a
tiger in there it's an opportunity uh so
uh optimists do better in modern society
but I think the new transition that's
happening is that people who have the
DNA to resist addictions will do better
that being said like I'll be honest I
have an addictive personality which I
have to be very careful about but it's
the flip side of another coin the the
flip side is I also have an obsessive
personality so when I learn about
something new I dive into it and I
become an expert on it because I can't
stop reading about it I can't stop
thinking about it when I have a problem
I get obsessed and I I just it so
addiction may also be related to just
this ability to focus on something and
get lost in something it's not clear to
me that you can have one without the
other I I totally agree with that um now
I heard an interesting idea I won't I
won't say where because uh I don't want
to I don't want to spoil it by saying
where it came from um and the idea was
that since you can check the DNA of
somebody to find out that they have
addiction I'm remembering how I heard
this before um suppose you had a law
that says if you give a drug let's say
an illegal drug like fentanyl cocaine or
something to somebody who you know has
that DNA and let's say there's some way
to know that you know it's published
just imagine there's some way to know
that that if you give somebody a drug to
somebody who does not have an addictive
personality well then you're just a drug
dealer but if you give a drug to someone
who does have an addictive personality
and it can be knowable whether you look
for it or not but let's just say it can
be knowable that you get the death
penalty because you basically killed
somebody yeah I mean it does sound a
little extreme but I think you're on to
something there which is that like if I
go to Vegas you know 90% of people don't
have a gambling problem they're kind of
just passing through using it for
entertainment but there's a small
percentage of people who are stuck to
the slot machines and they should never
have been allowed in in the first place
it would be good to know who those
people are in advance so we can educate
them I'm not sure we need to give the
death penalty to someone who screws it
up because you know human nature Being
Human Nature people will find their way
to addictions but the better is just the
defense you being armed what if you knew
what your addictions were so you need to
watch out for them and your family need
to watch out for them and you just kind
of knew to stay out of those situations
I've never had a drug addiction so it's
hard for me to kind of empathize on or
to fully understand that I understand
you had a loss in the family which is
very tragic around it uh but I'm not
sure like throwing around the death
penalty is the
answer it makes me feel good though
because for the re for the reasons you
mentioned um but I agree that there
there's absolutely something about Gene
sequencing DNA origins of these things
to just understand what you're
vulnerable to right I've got a dangerous
question and again you have the right to
uh to pass on this
yeah by the way this entire conversation
is probably going to get me deplatformed
out of my life just
so um that's my dog growling or
something all right I'm seeing in a
number of different contexts the
conversation about uh who's responsible
for for for what and so let me give you
some examples when Trayvon Martin uh I
think that's the right name got shot he
was wearing a hoodie and then people
said well if he wasn't dressing like
that you know there wouldn't have been
any problem and of course there uh we
saw today there was uh uh one of the
judges who's being considered for one of
the lower courts had said sometime in
the past that women maybe should not
drink so much because it contributes to
maybe sexual assault and people people
said no no that's you know the
responsibility is the perpetrator not
not the victim of course now every time
I see people talking about stuff like
this and and also the the Maga hat if
you wear that that you're sort of asking
for it no no it's really just the person
who does the attacking but why can't
people separate what is responsibility
both socially and legally because that's
pretty clear like the people whoever
does the attacking is legally and
socially responsible period but why
can't we talk about risk management
certainly there are things that people
do that put them in more more risk or
lesser risk independent of whose respons
responsibility is to avoid the trouble
um why can't why can't we get that right
you know do do you have any insight on
that yeah I don't really so I honestly I
haven't paid attention to most of the
things that you just talked about um
because to me these are just in the
domain of politics and politics is just
the excise of power without Merit so
there's no you can't put reasons
underneath anything political it's
really people just make up their minds
on who they hate and who they like and
then they'll just justify by anything uh
so there's contradictions all around you
know one side will do something uh and
then turn around and the other side will
do it and they'll be ACC to hypocrisy
but they never stick because as you said
everyone's living in their own movie um
this is not based on reason there's no
reality underneath U yeah in real life
you do risk management all day long
right like if I'm walking down the
street uh I'm not you know and if it's
in an urban neighborhood inner city I
grew up in in Jamaica Queens which is a
really neighborhood uh I would not walk
around flashing a water of 20s and then
when the guy attacks me I say it's my fa
you know it's your fault of course it's
his fault uh at the end of the day
everyone's responsible for their actions
uh but I definitely put myself in a
difficult situation by flashing around a
water of 20s it's just common sense but
you're right we can't talk about common
sense because we're now in the domain of
politics where where sense making
doesn't apply you you are correct um I I
think we don't want to go too long
because it'll make harder for people to
to look at it so we should wrap up is
there anything you either wanted to ask
me or anything you wanted to to
add yeah I I actually think that uh you
know instead of
um I'm waiting for you to write the book
on
hypnosis uh you know of all kinds and
not just persuasion but just sort of
Next Level
hypnosis um and that's what that's what
win bigley
was yeah but I'm talking about like
getting very systematic especially at
certain well let's just be clear I've
seen your
girlfriend you've got a book to write
just based on that so that that would be
it could be my
[Laughter]
charm um all right well maybe it will
now uh people have suggested and I
always think of you when this topic
comes up that uh people who have read a
lot and have a good sense of what would
be good to read should have their list I
think you do have a list somewhere I
don't I don't actually have an official
list because I've just read so much it's
hard for me to even pick top 20 books
let alone you know top 10 even top 50 is
hard for me uh but and I also my my
interest wander I think one of the
problems is that like the book that
appeals to you at a certain point in
time uh you know is not a book that
appeals to you five years later or five
years earlier so a lot of it is about
the reader to the author fit um but I
think like there there are some time
ones like in science fiction I don't
know if you're like Jorge Lis bores Ted
Chang snow crash Neil Stevenson uh on
sort of science writing Matt Ridley has
written some amazing books uh genome the
Red Queen origins of virtue the rational
Optimist the evolution of everything um
I like you all know of Harari sapiens uh
which I've recommended before was an
amazing book uh will Durant's uh the
lessons of History um I do read a lot of
philosophy um you know it's and I've
basically read everything but I like
sidartha simple Herman Hesh kind of
Novel which is uh partially or mostly
fictional but still still really
interesting um senica you know the
stoics um like science Carlo relli is
kind of a good modern physicist who who
writes some good stuff um but you know I
also recommend reading all the originals
you know read The Eighth Day of Creation
read the origin of the species read The
Wealth of Nations uh there's no need to
you know what people do today is someone
writes a book on Evolution which is
interpreting Darwin for you and then
somebody else updates it slightly and
writes the blog post and then there's
the clickbait BuzzFeed version and then
there's the hot take tweet on it and
people are reading the hot take tweet on
when they could just go read The Wealth
of Nations right um You don't have to uh
uh you don't have to read an
interpretation of an interpretation of
an interpretation of an interpretation
uh and especially when you're building
your foundational knowledge it's really
important to read the basics and The
Originals well although the cave out
there is that Evolution as your example
has changed quite a bit so the original
theory has has been tweaked a number of
times it's still basically
correct and you know and Darwin didn't
have the political agenda that a lot of
people were tweaking it today do yeah
that's that's so start with Darwin you
can add the tweaks later but if you
don't understand the basics uh and
you're just memorizing advanced concepts
you're completely lost it's far more
important in life as you have pointed
out to know the basic really well across
a few domains and combine that than to
try and be a deep expert in any one
domain the simplest exam analogy I have
to this is mathematics everybody at some
point in their life sat down to the math
class and there was a day when they no
longer understood the basics of what the
teacher was talking about at that point
math turned to memorization whereas up
until then it was logic so the moment
math turned from logic to memorization
you lost the ability to do and learn
mathematics beyond that point um so I
would argue that you know you should
always build in a very solid Foundation
of understanding and at any point you
reduced to memorization or reading other
people's opinions and taking those as
your own that you need to stop and
backtrack all right I like that I like
that advice um let's uh let's wrap it up
here and uh to the audience thank you
for hanging in here thanks
everyone and uh Nal uh feel free to have
me on your periscopes one of these days
yeah I absolutely will I wanted to try
out this calling feature this was great
uh I I want to do more periscopes I'm
actually on the hook for it because I I
promised the Twitter team if they roll
this feature out I would be using it so
here I am uh and I'm going to be doing
more regular periscopes with guests you
know honestly the hard thing for me here
is that uh you know we live in a very
intolerant environment clickbait news
where uh people want to take everything
out of uh context and sort of attack
people but I think I just have to get
used to that it's it's hard to say
anything interesting without annoying
somebody out there and I guess people's
feelings are their problem not my
problem uh exactly all right so thank
you very much and uh we'll wrap it up
thanks for having me on Scott all right
take care bye bye bye