look today S&P up a little bit Tesla
down a little
bit and INF down a little
bit well not much of a stock market
day but we've got a show to
do that's why you're
here let's do
it got our comments working
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams there's
never been a better time but if you'd
like to take this experience up to
levels that only the International Space
Station could even possibly understand
all you need for that is a cover marer a
glass of tank or chse of Stein a canteen
jug or flask of of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
of the dopamine end of the day thing
that makes everything better it's called
that's right the simultaneous hip it
happens now
go you say you're here for the coffee
and the
Ambiance well this is the place to get
it we got coffee we got Ambiance there's
a new new study according to the cost
the Journal of
psychopharmacology says that coffee
affects people differently based on
their
genes that's right if you got the right
kind of genes the coffee is going to
affect you just right now I must have
those kind of jeans but uh I like to
marinate my jeans in coffee yeah just
let them
marinate and uh possibly
mutate if the coffee will make my genes
mutate Good For Me Maybe it turn me into
a better person in other news Microsoft
is going to permanently shut down Skype
there will be no more
Skyping how much did you hate using
Skype oh my God it was a nightmare every
time I tried to use it um but I haven't
scaped anybody in a long time I guess
there are reasons for that so being shut
down
in other news MIT we'll talk about epine
of course um but in other news MIT has
developed a robot
bees to replace regular bees for farming
so they can pollinate stuff so they've
got this little tiny B robot drone
that's the size of a b and it can go
pollinate
plants why is it that every single robot
B uh technology it sounds
scary okay they can now build a swarm of
robot bees I don't see how that could go
wrong but in robot news the company
figure that's one of the leading robot
humanoid robot makers um their uh CEO
says they're aiming to start Alpha
Testing in homes this
year so who wants be
first I guess it'll beat Tesla so the
Tesla robots won't be here as quickly as
the figure robots but maybe um but the
interesting thing was about this not not
just this coming but that uh the company
says that they're advancing faster than
anybody
anticipated now what do you think caus
that why do you think the robot
development which they thought they'd
roll out in two years
why do you think it suddenly became
faster and I wonder I wonder if it's
anything that to do with deep seek so
deep seek kind of taught them how to be
more
efficient and I imagine all the AI
company said oh let's take their little
secrets and build it into our product so
I wonder if the Chinese AI I'm just
speculating I wonder if that's what sped
things up because you could do more with
less you know you could have a you could
have just a localized AI that wouldn't
absolutely depend on being connected to
the the net so maybe that's part of it I
don't
know well do you remember my prediction
about the Epstein files from
yesterday so there's nothing I enjoy
more when it comes to this sort of stuff
than making a unusual prediction that
just Nails it so while the entire
country and the world and credible
people from the president to Pam Bondi
to cash Patel we all saying oh we're
going to get you those Epstein
files and then it turned into yep yep uh
absolutely they're they're going to be
handed over to us and we're going to
release them and it's going to be
yesterday and then I double down on by
prediction nope the only thing you'll
see are things you've seen before like
flight logs and what thees they
release they release the only things
you've seen before the flight logs and
they don't have anything
else
now part of why I do this show and one
of the big themes is I make unusual
predictions and the more unusual they
are when they come in the just the the
more it tells you that there's something
about the technique that might be valid
so I always say that the only thing
that's real is prediction because you
could have all kinds of beliefs about
what reality is but if your belief in
reality doesn't
predict well I'm not so sure you have
the right reality but if my if my
understanding of reality consistently
predicts some of the most unpredictable
things well then maybe you should take a
look at my uh frames and how I do it so
in this Frame uh I simply started with
the fact that um if the Epstein files
are anything like we suspect they are
there isn't any way they'll be
released there's no world in which those
will ever be
released you know i' love to be wrong
and and then I would admit I'm wrong but
I definitely nailed it this time I think
you could have to you're going to have
to give it to me this time so I did
publicly say more than once yeah you're
not going to get anything but what
you've already seen now the real the
real question
is let me ask this question where is
Cash
Patel now allegedly Pam Bondi is saying
that um is it the southern district the
New York FBI office allegedly has all
these
files and
uh and uh that they're going to they're
going to release them any second and
then they didn't and then some
whistleblower says they're destroying
the
files where's cash
Patel is he still
alive it isn't the most important person
in the country right now cash
Patel because the president promised us
cash Patel promised us PMI promised us
and every one of the are credible like I
don't think any one of them were lying I
think they actually
intended to release it but I've seen Pam
Boni I've seen the
president I haven't seen even a
photo from cash
Patel I'm starting to worry about him a
little bit like actually I'd want a sign
of life let me say it again I'm not sure
he's alive
right under under What scenario would we
not hear from cash Patel
yesterday can you think of any scenario
in which he would be quiet all of
yesterday You released a statement on X
so we didn't see him there was just a
statement what did the statement say I
didn't see
it did he say we're working on it
I don't know the statement on X isn't
good enough do you think he's tied to a
chair somewhere I think he's tied to a
chair so he must be alive but tied to a
chair so I would say that we don't know
anything about this but here's some
contexts from Mike
Benz and this is from way before today
um he showed a video and he's talked
about this Mike Ben says how the FBI h
critical damning evidence about FBI
informants H would that suggest that
Epstein is an FBI
informant possibly we wouldn't know um
but apparently they create a separate
set of FBI books um one to show people
who ask if they get audited I guess or
if the boss asks and then there's a a
real one there for or For Eyes Only uh
and only two people are ever allowed to
access
them so apparently it's standard
procedure in the FBI to protect
informants and they do it even you know
at the risk of not telling their own
bosses that's pretty extreme might be it
might actually be a good thing because
it keeps the informant safer and then
you get better
informance
um you've been had
okay um so here's what I think oh hold
on is that cash Patel's statement I
somebody's sending it okay all right
here it is Cash
Patel um the FBI is entering new era one
that will be defined by Integrity blah
blah blah there will be no coverups blah
blah
blah uh it's just generic it's just
generic it's nothing about the upstein
files okay
so is it a case where the FBI is
protecting their own informant or the
FBI is protecting
themselves now many of you have been
telling me for a long time that Epstein
was a mad agent I saw Mike cernovich
pushing back on that as being
oversimplified I would agree with the
oversimplified because just walk through
this
logically let's say
Epstein
started as a you know Israeli
spy and it was a blackmail thing so he
could you know give uh Israel people to
Blackmail I guess in the United
States now do you think there's any
chance that our own government would not
have discovered that and known that he
was an Israeli spy if he was if he
was and what would have happened if our
government discovered that he was doing
all this blackmail stuff would they put
him in
jail maybe but you also wouldn't know
where he hit all the blackmail stuff and
maybe he had some blackmail on people
you don't want to uh go
down so if I were the US government
let's say I'm in the
FBI and I found out that there was this
foreign spy doing all this blackmail
stuff I would pull them into the office
and say here's the deal you're either
going to jail because we caught you or
you're working for us
now which one is more
likely and and what are the odds to
somebody who had this you know
superpower of blackmailing people what
are the odds that you would only have
one client meaning that he's only
servicing one country or servicing one
entity within one
country I would guess that he probably
freelanced a bit and that I don't I
don't have any doubt that there was
black male involved in his business
model but it is a little simplistic to
say that he had one
boss because he doesn't seem like the
kind of guy who would have one boss for
long so we'll find out in a unrelated
story but maybe
related it's it's part of a bigger Trend
Insurrection Barbie points out
that um James comey's daughter adult
daughter Moren Comey she's an assistant
us attorney for the southern district of
New
York um and and she's been in that
office uh with the office since
2015 um and then uh she worked on the
Jeffrey Epstein
case so comey's
worked on the tine case that's that's
interesting but that's just a
coincidence um she also worked on the
gilain Maxwell trial oh okay well that
makes sense if she was involved in one
it would make sense to bring that
expertise over to the other one and she
just joined in December 2024 she joined
in the uh Sean
Diddy uh trial stuff that you know
haven't hasn't been a trial yet but
she's part of that
process
so so the suspicion is but I don't go
that far I I don't think there's any
dots to connect yet um there's it's
suspicious that she seems to get the
most
high-profile maybe there's something
else going on maybe they're an
informant kind of
case but here's the other way to look at
it uh there there's no specific you know
there's no smoking gun or anything that
would suggest you anything illegal or
inappropriate or or anything but here's
the
problem whenever you have a these days
whenever you have a
high-profile government person they're
often married to another high-profile
government
person and if they have a child it's
going to be a
high-profile child who going to have a
big job somewhere
so there's nothing unusual about
high-profile people having good jobs and
the and the children of those people
having even better jobs that that's the
most normal thing in the world it's you
wouldn't need a you wouldn't need a
conspiracy for that stuff to happen it
would just be high-profile people doing
high-profile stuff but it does open up
the possibility and we've seen so many
examples
where one spouse is in exactly the right
place to help the other spouse you know
the situation like um there's a congress
person who's voting for funding for
usaid for some NGO and then the spouse
is on the NGO the consultant for the
NGO yeah so there's a million ways to
launder money and launder the law just
because of family
connections and there really needs to be
some way for us to identify and root
that out and get rid of the conflict of
interest because it's a massive problem
but I don't know anything about
specifically uh the Comey
situation anyway speaking of Comey uh
the Washington Times was reporting that
um Comey the senior is being uh
investigated for what they call a
Honeypot operation I think Fox News
reported it as the Honeypot meant
sleeping with members of the Trump team
to get you know to find any crimes
without knowing any specific things that
they were looking for now if it's
true um it would suggest that Comey was
doing something off book or out of the
normal process to just get Trump and
that would be very bad I don't know if
there's a crime involved there exactly
or or even how unusual that is for the
FBI to do something off the books
probably not that unusual but uh yeah
that should be investigated but I will
just quibble with one part of it which
is the Honeypot part um specifically
means you know an attractive woman or if
somebody's gay an attractive guy or
attractive woman for the lesbian
whatever so it but I think the model is
more like the the O'Keefe Media Group
model where you just get somebody to go
on a date and the other person gets
liquored up and they think that that if
they impress their date they're going to
get some action but it's you know they
don't get any action so I don't think
the honey poot really meant sleep with
them uh I don't believe so now I'm not
saying that's never happened anywhere
you know I'm not saying the CIA has
never done it but I would suspect that
what they're calling honey poot really
means more of a fake date and fake
flirting and fake interest just guessing
but that's that's my take
anyway we'll see if that goes anywhere
this is all fog of War there's one
source the Washington
Times I would wait on this one i' I'd
wait to see if there really is an
investigation and then if there is one
was a really a
Honeypot you know it's a little bit it's
a little bit too close on the nose so
I'm not going to automatically say this
is all true but it's
interesting Mike Ben is as asking the
question um reminding us that the
January 6 pipe bomb uh Placer the person
who hasn't been identified who
suspiciously put a pipe bomb in a place
that even KL Harris walked by and and
ordinary citizens were walking by even
after it had been you know pointed out
to law
enforcement and so there's something
suspicious about the pipe bomber and the
pipe
bomb uh but as Ben points out the video
shows the pipe bomber talking on the
phone right before he planted the bomb
now could it be that it was just
something from his spouse could it be it
was just an ordinary phone call and
that's just when he took it or maybe
that call was placed to a Confederate
somebody who was working with and then
likewise Ben points out that um the
Thomas Crooks uh guy who tried to kill
the president the one who shot him in
the ear in baller that he was also
spotted and he's on video as making a
phone
call uh fairly soon before he uh shot
the
president who was he talking to now how
do we not know by now do you think that
the government doesn't have a way given
that they know the time they know the
exact time and you don't think that they
could identify who made a phone
call and we don't
know so I think the only the only way to
understand this is that uh I think the
information about who they were calling
the pipe bommer on January 6 and also
Thomas Crooks I think it's in the
Epstein
file because otherwise how could you
possibly explain that we haven't been
told
yet it's all in the files people should
they actually
exist anyway um a senior Aid according
to Puck new and then New York Post is
reporting what Puck had according to
Puck which is a publication um a senior
aid for the uh Joe
Biden uh Administration I guess it was a
senior aid for Jill Biden uh sort of
admitted that they all knew that Biden
was a problem
and they were frightened to death when
he ever had had any opportunity to speak
off the cuff in public and uh it was
exactly what he thought it was everybody
was aware from day one that his age was
a big problem and they tried to manage
it because it was a big problem now he
he also tries to soften it say well you
know it's just routine for people who
are a certain age to which I say no it
isn't not if you're the president that's
no routine to cover up your infirmities
if they're
mental routine to cover up your mental
infirmities now I do suspect that it
happened with Reagan you know I think
Ronald Reagan was you know well into his
his uh dementia phase while he was still
president and that was probably covered
up a little bit I mean the Press did
report on it it was in the news but but
uh there probably was also stuff covered
up so yeah it's a little bit common but
it's not
acceptable while Elon Musk has floated
the idea of giving members of Congress a
big raise if it could possibly prevent
them from using corruption to augment
their income now I get the idea that if
you were paid so well you would just say
I'll just take the pay I don't need to
be corrupt as as well but I think that
with so many members of Congress you
still going to find plenty of
people who want to be corrupt because
their pay isn't enough no matter what
the pay is but what would it take to pay
a member of Congress they currently get
174,000 per year which really isn't
enough to live on if you have a home in
a family back in your home state and
then you also have to spend all your
time in Washington it's not even Club
close to to enough so if any of them are
doing a little extra you know what I
mean a little
extra um you could certainly see how the
Temptation would be through the roof but
would that
work um I would go this far but not any
further I would give them a big raise
but only in the form of a bonus it would
not be guaranteed and the bonus would be
zero if they don't balance the budget
and it would be substantial if they
do what do you think of that and I
wouldn't look at anything else I would
say if you can balance my budget um I'll
give you an extra 300,000 per year your
current pay is
174 but we'll give you on top of that
300,000 per year if you just Balan the
budget and and you didn't do any tricks
it's actually
balanced would that be worth it
do you know how many trillions of
dollars we would have
saved if Congress knew that each one of
them could get an extra
$300,000 for balancing the
budget we would have a very balanced
budget so uh yes on the concept but only
as a as a paper for
performance you don't get I'm not going
to pay you 500,000 a year or something
for showing up
it's not good enough just to show up
you're going to have to you're going
have to show me that you did the most
important thing as in Balance the
budget you could also imagine that you
might have some
other I don't know who would be the one
in charge of giving them goals but uh
you can also imagine if they don't
secure the Border but I guess you could
say that's more the president's
job anyway next story
um so according to the uh
post-millennial and some other places uh
the Trump's Department of Justice is
going to do hate crime indictments
against the campus activists who are
supporting Hamas so that would make them
sort of pro-terrorist and uh
anti-israel at least and here's
something I didn't know I didn't know
Leo
Terell do you all know who Leo Terrell
he's often on Fox News uh and he's a
he's a black
lawyer but weirdly he's on the Justice
task force to combat
anti-Semitism it's kind of weird that a
non-jewish guy would be on the
anti-Semitism thing but there's no
reason he couldn't be right I mean if he
has the right skills and he has the
right interests and he has the right
incentives and he cares about the issue
why not so that that's a Dei don't I
don't mind meaning that it's not Dei
meaning that they just thought you was
the right
person um that's that's my take on it I
think they just think he's the right
person so he announced that they're
doing this Federal hate crime
indictments and people are going to go
to jail um for supporting M and trying
to intimidate Jews now here's one of
those cases where I think the public
again has to watch
carefully because if this moves from
obvious criminal Behavior
all the way to something
political that's you know I can't
support that right so if if they're just
jailing people for political reasons and
they haven't done something we can
identify as an actual crime on the
books it's kind of a free speech thing
you know you obviously I'm opposed to
the pramas wing of wing of the public
but uh I'm also opposed to going too
far into the politization and and
lawfare of it I I don't see it
yet but this is one of the things you
want to keep your eyes
on
um let me give you uh a little
background that Victor Davis Hansen
gives us um I like the way he worded
this he said at some point um some
president was going to have to stop the
unsustainable spending and borrowing to
which I said yeah as some point somebody
had to do it when it got bad enough
whoever was president was going to have
to do it it just happens to be Trump and
he says uh to have any country left uh
some president would eventually have had
to restore the borders and stop the
influx of three million illegals yes
that's true you you couldn't let that
just keep running so some president had
to stop it and then some
commanderin-chief he says would finally
have to stop the uh the theater Wars
abroad um but any president who dared to
do any of that would be damned for
griffing the madness that his
predecessor is fueled
and this gets back to that Common Sense
thing Trump's approach of Common Sense
is really a big
Club because he can fight Madness in
every domain is that common sense no you
know it's not we're going to do common
sense next topic okay is what you're
doing common sense no you know it's not
common sense stop doing it so that's a
really powerful tool you you need to be
second second term president with balls
of steel and common sense as your sword
and a whole bunch of really capable
people backing you to to get any of
those critical things done and those are
all existential threats you know those
are all to The Republic threats and
Trump is just a singular unique
character who has the exact right
personality
experience and just the right
situation that he could actually do
those three things it's kind of
impressive I keep hearing on the news
the Democrats claiming that Republicans
are going to gut Medicaid or did got
Medicaid the uh daily color news
Foundation Adam pack is talking about
that is basically hoax um because they
don't present any evidence that anything
like that happened now I kind of backed
off of that because I I heard the
accusations and I knew that a budget had
been agreed upon by at least the house
and I thought maybe you know maybe they
thought it was that much waste and
abuse maybe there's something to it but
is that true is it true that the
mainstream media and the Democrats have
been just wildly claiming that there's
Cuts in something that would be like the
last thing that the public would be
willing to accept cuts and
Medicaid
and is that just the new hoax is that
the brand new
hoax it might be but the fact that the
mainstream media can still support a
hoax of that
magnitude that's pretty impressive
uh in in an evil way it's
impressive
anyway so what's weird is that
uh if the mainstream media is the only
one you're paying attention to you
wouldn't know that's a hoax because it's
not like you dug into the budget
yourself so it's pretty effective as a
hoax but I thought I'd to give you a
review of the top three in my opinion um
Democrat hoaxes that control their base
and keep them in
power now these are what I consider
really obviously easily debunk hoaxes
but as long as the mainstream media has
this captive audience of Democrats who
only watch some forms of uh news not
others they can get away with this and
here are the
three uh let's say the the three legs of
the
stool that are supporting their entire
party now listen to this one in in order
the first hoax is that we as Americans
can somehow know whether an election was
fair and that we we can know it with
certainty now that's just a hoax we
don't have a system that can tell you
what you don't know if somebody found a
way to rig a an
election and was not
discovered how would we
know how would we possibly know if an
election had been rigged by people who
were so good at rigging that they could
get away with
it the the fact that the the mainstream
makes people say it out loud they'll
bring a republican on and they'll say
say it say you think that 2020 was
rigged say it because we know it's a
fact that it was not that's a hoax they
don't know that as a fact it's a
possibility it's a possibility that it
was fair
it's a possibility that it wasn't fair
we don't have any visibility into that
none they don't have any visibility into
it and they don't even know how many
ways something could be
cheated neither do you every time
something gets hacked think about
hacking a company builds some Network
and they think they've looked at every
possibility to protect it from being
hacked then what happens is hacked and
we're talking about the best
technologists in the world they'll
release a product and they'll say we've
really plugged every hole there's no way
anybody's going to find a way to hack
this and then it gets hacked do you
think the elections are the
exception where it's the only thing in
the world that nobody can figure out how
to hack well it would be the only thing
in the
world that would be a weird and
wonderful coincidence but no it's not a
fact that anybody knows anything about
the outcom election then somebody said
to me but Scott does that mean the 2024
election was rigged to which I say we
wouldn't know we only know that Trump
was named the winner and my speculation
is it was too big to rig even if
somebody wanted
to sort of like 2016 but 2016 was more a
surprise I think it snuck up on people
people because they didn't expect he
would win at all so I don't think there
was necessarily any
cheating uh that was lined up in
2016 but by
2020 the that suspicious number of
gigantic turnout for the corpse for Joe
Biden that is really
suspicious and let's talk about that so
they also say this is the next Democrat
hoax that January 6 was definitely an
insurrection
and if you don't believe it was an
Insurrection and that Trump was behind
it
well you're some kind of a lying traitor
to the
country that's a hoax I'm sure that some
members of the public maybe some of them
that
attended thought they were doing an
Insurrection but not the great majority
of them there weren't enough of those
insurrectionist ones you know The Crazy
Ones who made any difference the vast
majority of the people arrested thought
they were saving the country now they
could be wrong but they looked at the
election and they said um that looks
wrong you're going to have to take a
pause and make sure that's true so
asking people to take a pause to make
sure that the election was counted
correctly and because it looked like it
looked like whatever bad behavior people
suspected was so big that you could
probably figure it out in 48 hours I
mean they weren't asking for a big any
kind of a big delay now we have not seen
that it it has not been determined that
there was a specific way of cheating and
that and that the the election was
rigged but that's not relevant to the
January 6 narrative what's relative is
what people
believed and I'm positive that Trump
believed it was a rigged election I'm
positive that the vast majority I don't
95% 98% of the protesters on January 6
believed it was rigged so the correct
narrative is people believed it was
rigged and wanted it to be paused so we
could find out if it was I don't think
you could have found out in a brief
pause but that's what people were asking
for for the news to report it as
definitely an an Insurrection an ere
is definitely an Insurrection is just a
hoax that's pure hoax and their entire
uh their entire Democrat Party depends
on you believe in that hoax because if
you don't believe January
6 um if you don't believe the hoax then
you can't believe that Trump is
definitely trying to steal your
democracy their entire messaging depends
on you believing that hoax because
there's not really o anything else they
can point to that would suggest that
Trump wants to be a dictator they can
just look at that one thing and if you
believe the one thing that he tried to
overthrow the government on January 6 if
you believe that hoax then all the rest
of the hoaxes afterwards make sense oh
well he's definitely a dictator
insurrectionist so uh if you had any
questions about this new thing he's
doing oh I think we could wrap it under
the umbrella of his his dictator
insurrectionist
impulses the whole thing Falls apart if
you know that January 6 was just a
madeup narrative completely made
up and then there's the Russia started
the
war with Ukraine and again it's one of
those uh who started the war well if you
look back at 24 shut up shut up the only
way we count it is who who
invaded that's all that's who started it
so the definition of started it is who
crossed the border with weapons to which
I say
why would you have a stupid definition
that's a stupid definition who started
it is whoever did something so
provocative that somebody thought they
needed to shoot
him did Ukraine do something so
provocative that Russia said okay I
think we now have to just kill you all
because this is so bad yes they did they
they tried to move NATO right up to
their front door and fill it with CIA
stations and and it was a red line that
Putin had said for a long time and now
Putin's not a good guy so I'm not
defending Putin I have to say that every
time so my Clips don't get taken out of
context but it's a pure
hoax that the only definition of
starting a war is who crossed the border
with the military that's just a hoax the
start is whatever started
it Putin wasn't sitting on the other end
of the Border saying you know I've got
an idea
I'm just noodling but what about what if
I just invaded it didn't happen that way
there was a whole bunch of stuff that
was just begging for an invasion and we
all knew it or at least people in the
government knew
it so those are the three Oakes that we
can magically know who won any election
that January 6 was an Insurrection even
though if you asked 98% of the people
there they would say what are you
talking about we were trying to stop an
insurrection and then the who started it
they just use some weird definitions so
they can justify endless
war all right so those are the three big
hoaxes
um apparently California Democrat mayor
officials homes were raided and there's
a $14 million corruption probe and this
is in uh is it Huntington Beach yeah
hunting
Huntington Park
California and you would not be
surprised that the corruption corruption
involves um the building of some
facility City's Aquatic Center and you
would not be surprised that there was a
bunch of money slashing around to build
that Aquatic Center and you would not be
surprised that the government of that
was in power uh is being blamed for
stealing some ount of that money that
was sloshing around now I'll say this a
million
times but our country is doomed if local
Mayors and politicians can decide where
the money goes that's it we can't
survive that it mean it will guarantee
that over time every city is run by a
criminal organization that's stealing
all the money that's going through well
basically you'll just be the you know
you'll be the Taliban at that point
so the fact that there's this one
investigation of this one
thing I think it's every city uh I think
it's every city is just riddled with the
same kind of corruption oh we need a big
project to build a a bridge or an
aquatic center and then there's ton
of money slashing around and then they
make sure that it goes to their cronies
so that their their their kid or their
spouse gets a taste of it because
they're associated in some way with
where the money is slashing around it's
all corrupt all the time every city I'm
pretty sure I'll bet you there's not one
city where the well I'll give you there
there might be one when Bloomberg was
mayor of New York City there pretty good
chance he wasn't stealing anything
pretty good chance but I would say those
are
exceptions um
now if if the worst allegation against
mayor Adams of New York is that he got
some upgrades on his travel which is the
most normal thing in the world uh if
that's the worst they could accuse him
of then it makes me
think you maybe him starting in law
enforcement may have put him in a
position where he just didn't feel like
stealing from the city was the right
thing to do so there could be some
exceptions but it also might explain why
they're trying to get rid of him because
if he doesn't participate in let's say
the larger scale Democrat um abuse of
all
funding you maybe people said yeah we
got to get somebody more corrupt in that
job or we're not making money so there
could be
exceptions anyway the FAA is uh getting
close to cancelling
Verizon uh that that is the backbone I
guess for their Air Traffic Control
Systems um and the word is that they
might be just months away from the
entire um FAA air support what do you
call it the uh the people in The Towers
uh of the whole thing just falling apart
where you just wouldn't be able to fly
all the airports would have to close
because the infrastructure would just
crumble I guess and I guess Verizon's
been getting $2.4
billion is it per year I might be per
year and uh starlink might take over
that business to do what Verizon was
doing with probably mostly landlines but
move it up to the satellites now this of
course is going to make all the
Democrats say wait a minute wait a
minute now that looks like a conflict of
interest you telling me that Elon Musk
looked into it and his solution was give
all the money to my
company well we do need some kind of a
process where where we can just shine
light on all the situations in which
Elon musk's businesses will have some
intersection with things that doge is
doing and this is certainly one now I
don't think that he's doing something
bad I think he's going to save a whole
bunch of money and save the air traffic
system and we're all going to be better
off for it that's what I think will
happen but it's still perfectly valid to
say can we make sure we have maximum
transparency on that and that the public
is completely aware uh why it's being
done why Skylink is chosen it's the only
thing they could do it probably and you
know are we going to save money or spend
more
money so a little more transparency it'd
be
great um speaking of Verizon uh Brendan
Carr of the FCC is warning Verizon about
their Dei stuff because the FCC doesn't
want anybody who's regulating by them to
be promoting Dei and Brendan car says uh
I expect all regulated businesses to end
in invidious forms of
discrimination
good there's more Dei news Goldman Sachs
is going to ditch their Dei
goals good Goldman Sachs welcome to the
club now I've been telling you for a
while that if the government says this
is discrimination
that the biggest companies are going to
say uh that just opened up a gigantic
legal
liability because if the government says
it's
discrimination that would mean we're
breaking the law right in public if
you're a big Corporation the thing you
least want to do is break the law right
in public it it's it's a risk no big
company wants so I did expect that after
a few big companies get rid of their Dei
just for legal liability reasons that uh
there would be more of it now it could
be driven by Insurance maybe it's
possible that there's an insurance angle
but the big companies often are self
insur self-insured so maybe that's not
it could be just they see it's it's a
legal liability in the future and but
keep keep this in mind the Goldman Sachs
um had a four-year-old diversity policy
that they they're ending that uh they
were not allowed to advise companies on
IPOs unless they had two diverse board
members so they were they were not just
Allin they were Allin and trying to
influence other companies almost like
blackmail to be all in as well and they
pulled that
back meanwhile the uh US government is
launching a an end Dei portal according
to Newsmax um it's a portal where the
public can complain diversity in schools
not diversity about um they can complain
about Dei which is now uh banned if you
want to get Federal funding which all
the schools
need so there would be a way to drop a
dime on any Dei that's trying to hide do
you think anybody's trying to hide their
Dei programs yes they're changing the
names of the Departments are shifting
people around and they're trying to keep
what they're
doing but hide it from the government
now that's got to be really illegal but
it turns out that the US Mint is so the
government itself the US Mint is
scrambling to conceal their Dei
Personnel according to the Free Press
Josh code is writing about that
and uh you know the way they hide it is
they change the names and the or charts
and and stuff like that um but the
allegation is that they've hidden five
diversity equity and inclusion Personnel
from the
ax
so there's going to be more discovery of
that stuff meanwhile another big news uh
big Pharma company Eli Lily says they're
going to put $27 billion doar into US
manufacturing
expansion now when I see a story like
that I can't escape my um my history as
a person who worked for big corporations
and my job for most of that time was to
gather
information that would be you know the
information that we would use and I
learned that corporate information is
almost never accurate it's just a story
you want to tell so it's more about the
narrative so when I see that Eli Lily
wants to invest 27 billion in the US
here's where my brain automatically
goes how much were they going to invest
anyway okay sub of the 27 I guarantee
they had already planned to do before
any home Shoring or anything had been
brought
up but if they wanted to expand it so
that the government would like them and
the Trump Administration would say yeah
you're a good company you're doing what
we want you're expanding us
manufacturing here's what I'd do I'd say
uh yeah we already told you about the
I'll just make up a number that 10
billion that might have been just
ordinary business that was going to
happen no matter what uh but we're going
to make that 27 billion by counting
extra years in the future so instead of
talking about A Five-Year Plan maybe
we'll talk about a 10-year plan and then
guess what in five years if you check
back they will have spent the same
amount that they said they would have
spent no matter what you know 10 billion
and then you're going to say hey what
about that extra 17 billion and they
would say well that was 5 years ago
things change it's a new
Administration they don't really have to
they don't have to really do it they
they can just make up numbers in the
future and say ah yeah yeah in 10 years
we're totally putting in another 10
billion yeah no doubt about it nobody
can plan 10 years in advance or usually
even five
then my next question is if they're
designing Manufacturing in the United
States and they're doing it in the
modern era as in today did they design
the manufacturing to accommodate human
workers or robots or do they cleverly
design it so that it's humans now but it
could very easily be
robots because I don't think they would
depend on American workers to do
everything so we'll see I have big
questions about any of these big company
announcements about oning meanwhile uh
uh RFK Jr has posed a $460
million biner covid vacine deal I guess
they were working on uh a covid vaccine
pill and that was going to cost a lot to
test it Etc now it's not stopped it's
just paused for a review
and uh that's good that that sounds like
exactly the sort of thing that we would
want to be carefully reviewed so nothing
wrong with
that but here's what I here's what I've
observed and I want you to tell if You
observe the same thing when it comes to
the covid shots the ones that already
exist there are two completely different
worlds in one world there are all these
experts who say that the covid shots are
definitely obviously and massively
injuring people you know heart problems
and turbo cancers and every other thing
in the world now that's one world and
and in that world everybody knows it
it's clean and obvious science there's
no question about it and all the
evidence shows it and there's no doubt
that the co shot was the biggest Scandal
SLC time in the last 100
years at the same
time in the other world which has no
connection to that
world the government and big farmer are
still offering the same
shots and would claim that they really
really helped and there's no special
risk and they're going to make more and
they're going to extend the platform so
you can get all kinds of mRNA stuff
now how in the world are both of those
worlds operating completely
independently at the same
time so so there's one of the trolls
saying that I say I say question
everything but I didn't say question the
co shot can the rest of you tell that
 idiot what my opinion was from
the start to the moment on the co shot
sh please tell the idiot what my
opinion was cuz he's getting his he's
getting his information from forchan
Comics I think in the comments those
who've been watching me tell me did I
have any skepticism about the
shot from the start it was nothing but
skepticism so so off you idiots I'm
really so tired of you you're living in
the wrong movie there's no movie in
which I did what you think I did none of
it happened and I've got a thousand
Witnesses who are testifying it right
now in the comments every one of you who
watched me knows that I was skeptical
from the start and never
stopped
right so just completely off I'm so
done with you idiots so done with you
 idiots
anyway so the only way we'll know what's
true is uh when we get those Epstein
files because I'm sure that has covid
stuff in there too that's where I'd put
it um Trump Administration according to
the post millennial is going to deny all
visas for male trans athletes seeking to
compete as women in the 2028
Olympics now I guess I wasn't aware that
the Olympics were even a place that
there would be um trans athletes I I
guess I wasn't paying attention I don't
pay too much attention to the
Olympics but uh I guess they're just
going to not let anybody come into the
country if they are in that category of
a born male but competing as
female what do you think of
that well I would say that uh I'm
surprised that the Olympics themselves
allowed
it but I I don't have a problem with it
it it just feels like the adult thing to
do common sense right I'm surprised I
don't know if there'll be lawsuits that
succeed you know you expect there'll be
some lawsuits or whatever but uh yeah
Common
Sense uh in related news I don't know if
you saw this but there's a story in the
news ABC news said with this headline
quote a woman in Colorado has been
arrested death the police CAU her CAU
her with explosives at a Tesla
dealership a woman in Colorado when was
the last time you heard about a woman
planning a bombing
attack woman planning a bombing
attack maybe never maybe never in your
entire life not even
once I can't think of one but the funny
part is they showed a photograph of the
woman
who didn't have a single female
characteristic didn't have long hair
like a woman didn't have makeup didn't
have jewelry wasn't dressed like a woman
it was just a
dude but it must have been a dude who
insisted on you know being called a
woman so ABC news said yeah no problem
there there's a picture of our woman
okay uh speaking of transgender also CBS
News is reporting that the transgender
transgender service members um could be
removed from the military now not
everyone because they're going to do a
case by casee look and if they're
contributing to the war fighting
lethality which is the main goal there
might be some cases where they have I
don't know some special skills or
something and uh they would keep them on
a Case by case Bas basis but
basically they're going to try to remove
all trans from the the milit
now here's where I have to remind you of
some context the military is allowed to
discriminate it's the most basic fact
about the military if you're a 400 pound
guy can you join the military and try to
be a pilot no they will discriminate you
for your weight if you're uh 3 3' 5 in
tall and you try to join the military
can you you do it no no they'll say
people need to be a certain size for you
know to fit in um if you're a uh let's
say you're
blind can you join the military no well
I don't think so certainly not for
standard military stuff so discrim and
and look at me suppose I wanted to
become a Marine do you think the Marines
would take me in my you know current age
no no they would discriminate by age and
they already discriminate by gender I
think in in some domains but not
all the only thing the military has to
prove is that when they're
discriminating there's a quite
reasonable reason for it usually backed
by data so they don't discriminate by
race and I don't think there's data that
shows they should as long as everybody's
you know passing the same standards Etc
so where they don't discriminate it's
because the data doesn't back it or or
they can find a way to be selective
enough that you know there's no reason
to do it um so when you look at the
trans thing just remember the military
has every right to discriminate they
only have to get the job done that's it
and if they if they can come up with
some data and maybe they did maybe they
haven't this says that if you're a
transgender you're you less ready for
combat or something then then they can
do it it would be good if they had some
data if it's just purely political it's
not going to fly as
well all right there's a story about
chief justice
Roberts who shut down this Democrat
federal judge who was trying
to um had it doesn't matter what the
judge was doing he was trying to do
something that was just anti-trump and
trying to force us Aid
funding you know in one day and you know
basically just something stupid so as
you know the current situation is that a
federal judge anywhere in the country
can stop any national
thing so that means that the Democrats
can judge shop because there's always
somebody corrupt enough and Democrat
enough and TDS enough that no matter
what you want to do as long as it's
anti-trump they can find a judge who
will do it now that's the worst system
in the world because it would mean that
the you know the Republicans will just
be an endless you know legal battles you
couldn't get anything done because you
can always find a judge there is always
a judge to shut it down well so this
federal
judge shut down something that was sort
of outside of that judge's normal domain
I guess but uh what happened next
according to Rod Martin who's writing
about this um did a good job on
this apparently Justice
Roberts um didn't wait for the appeals
court that was be between that judge and
the Supreme Court he just uh because the
appeals court was nonresponsive I guess
within the timeline and so just Justice
Roberts without consulting anybody or
holding a case just just put the boot on
him and just said nope and he just
overruled the federal judge now we think
and this is I think this is Rod Martin's
take uh that Justice Roberts just does
not abide this judge shopping for the
worst judge to get the worst things that
affect the whole country I think the
Supreme Court at least at least Roberts
who seems to have the authority to do
that which surprises me uh I think he's
just going to shut down this judge
shopping stuff and maybe this was it it
was such a stark kind of surprising
you know nuclear blast uh on the court
system that it looked like he was
sending a message as in if you do this
again I'm going to stomp on you
again now it's a little bit of
speculation because we don't know what
he's thinking but but it did look like a
signal it looked like a signal as in you
can't have a court system where one
Rogue judge and you can always find one
can stop anything
and then it just becomes completely
political so good for you uh if that's
what happened and there's a little bit
of speculation in that but if that's
what Roberts was thinking and that's why
Roberts acted good for you that that's
terrific nicely
done meanwhile Jerry dunlevy is uh
reporting that five former defense
secretaries got together and wrote a
letter uh they're worried about the
recent firings in the military they
added the military especially um and
that uh Trump might be politicizing the
military and here are the people who are
worried about him politicizing the
military you've got uh Leon
Panetta so these are former defense
secretaries Leon paneta is one of the
signers of the Biden laptop letter who
is now warning about the government
politicizing that job he signed the
laptop
letter man you've got to have you've got
to have serious balls to be a signer of
the the laptop letter and to say hey
this Administration is politicizing this
job good Lord the other ones were uh
Lloyd Austin
uhhuh
uh uh Jim Mattis William Perry and CH
Hegel we're all deeply alarmed at
Trump's politicizing now here's my
question since when is it not
politicized I'm pretty sure that when
you get a new president and the new
president has a different political
opinion about how the world should run
should we be supporting Ukraine or
trying to end the war for example that's
political right and then the new
president comes in who won a mandate for
that political outcome and then tells
the military to do the thing that the
public asks for which is definitely
political it doesn't make it wrong
because sometimes you know politics is
either go left or go right and one of
those directions is the correct one so
being politicized is the only way it
could be how could it not be politicized
the whole point of having the civilian
leadership of the
military is that you've got an elected
politician who's who's calling the shots
that's politicized by definition it
can't you can't UNP politicize that we
we designed it so it would be
politicized that a politician would be
in charge that's
politicized
anyway I guess the the idea of firing
people who were not on the team uh is
too politicized to which I say um isn't
it also common sense that if a president
got elected with a certain set of you
know military Ambitions in this case not
to be in a war that if there's any
members of the military at the top who
don't want to do that that you would
fire them is that is that politicized
that's kind of stretching it more like
normal
behavior
anyway according to a uh poll a Gala
poll Breitbart News is reporting on this
Hannah nudson
uh the American Trust in the mass media
is at the lowest point in 50
years over 50 years now are you
surprised that the mass media is at the
lowest point um now a lot of that is
Trump and around 2016 the mass media
took a big dive but here's the problem
when you ask that
question if you ask a
republican they they sometimes will say
the Fox News is part of the mass media
that the mass media is everything that
disagrees with you know the right and so
I'm not sure how people are answering
the question if they were answering the
question that they trusted Fox News but
they didn't trust the other forms of
news uh they would be maybe mixed in
with people who who treated them all the
same so I don't know I don't trust the
results but it seems to me that the uh
the various trust is down to like in the
30s so in the 30ish per one about one
and three people trust the
media do you see the
trend we're just maybe a few years away
from trust in the media reaching
25% what do I say about
25%
25% is the number of people who will be
wrong on any question no matter what the
question is it's different 25% but it
doesn't matter what the question is 25%
will be completely wrong and clueless
every time and it looks like trust in
the media is going to go down to
25%
anyway according to reclaim the net DD
rankovic um the the House of
Representatives they Advanced a Bill to
block foreign officials who censor
Americans so the idea is if you're a
foreign
person uh politicians specifically and
you've been involved in trying to censor
our social media in other countries
which would effectively you know um
would effectively censor it in our
country because the social media
operates everywhere so if they could
only
operate by you know bending to the will
of some foreign country well they
censored
Americans and so I guess this is H
something darl Isa did last September is
it Isa darl Isa or Isa Isa right I think
it's
Isa um and it got together with some
Republican colleagues and basically if
you are involved in this you can never
travel to the United States and if
you're in the United States they can
Deport you I like it I like it now it
doesn't have a lot of teeth because you
know people can survive not traveling to
the United States it's not the end of
the world for most people but if you
were a high-profile
politician and you had eyes on some high
office it would be a problem if you had
been banned from uh even visiting
America yeah if you've been banned from
even visiting you know one of the
biggest what should be your ally
that would be quite a quite a thing to
overcome in your next election wouldn't
it um and my opponent isn't even allowed
to travel to the United
States it'd be hard to win that election
anyway I'm in favor of this but it
hasn't passed yet it's just got through
the house meanwhile it looks like
Japan's birth rate is hitting another
new low and uh it's looking like Japan
at the current rate will disappear over
over 30% of Japan is over
65 and marriage is just out of looks
like out of the question for a lot of
young people because of the uh the
financial burden and
uh Etc so Japan just doesn't really have
a solution for replacing the people who
are aging out of the productive part of
the society and they're doing stuff you
know they've had dating apps and cash
perks and 4-day work weeks and relaxed
immigration laws and that they're
they're bringing in foreign workers and
all that but it doesn't look like it's
going to make much
difference so at the same time that
robots are being introduced this year uh
the population in other countries is
going through the floor and I wonder if
there's some way to uh
productively take advantage of the fact
that 30% of the public is over 65 in
Japan and people are not having kids is
there any way that the seniors could be
involved in child care to take the
burden off of people who want to both
work but they'd have to hire child care
and it'd be too expensive so there could
be maybe some social engineering thing
where um the olders who just want to be
useful would just love having some kids
around around during the day just to
keep them company you know as long as
the the old people are still F entirely
functional uh and maybe they do that
already but probably only for family
members you know I doubt there too many
strangers watching kids but if you had
security cameras and you had a number of
witnesses there who were also adults you
could probably feel safe enough so we'll
see did you know according to the Wall
Street Journal that uh the American
drones that are flying over Mexico I've
been doing it since the early
2000s so apparently for years we've been
working with the Mexican uh government
so so much so that the drones are
generally stationed permanently on
Mexican air
bases um so that because they're closer
to the action so The Mexican government
has been allowing these
uh mq9 Reaper flights since the early
2000s and it continues and it was
apparently that that was uh allegedly a
vital part of how they caught El Chapo
in 2013 and 2016 when he because he
escaped a few times um and then in 2023
they helped find El Chapo's
son so here's my
question if you added
AI to the
Reapers and apparently they can see all
the way down to a li Li plate which
means they could get you know an image
of faces if they can get images of
faces and they can just find you know
one case of one of the top cartel people
can't the AI build a sort of an
automatic network of all the people that
they need to round
up I feel like there's a there's a whole
other level of capability that the
drones haven't yet reached they're right
on the right on the edge of reaching
because once it can identify people and
it knows the entire network of who's
doing what seems like it'd be pretty
easy to not easy but it would be
possible to take down the cartels
completely so that might
happen you you've heard a while ago that
North Korea was trying to help out
Russia with the Manpower problem for the
military and that a bunch of North
Korean soldiers were fighting on the
same team as the Russians in in
Ukraine now today we find out this is in
the Wall Street
Journal um that some of the captured
North Korean
soldiers they didn't know what war they
were going to be in and who they were
fighting they had been told that they
were going to go fight South
Koreans because the South Korean
military had joined with Ukraine
nothing like that ever
happened uh but that's part of what the
North Koreans were um basically
propagandized into that they were going
to go fight the South Koreans now I
assume that's because the North Koreans
are taught you know from birth that
South Korea is the enemy and if you're
in the military South Korea's who you're
going to be fighting so they're just
going to a different part of the world
to fight those South Koreans and then
they got injured and captured and
somebody said we don't have any South
Koreans what the hell are you talking
about and then the North Koreans are
like ah I'm starting to think that North
Korea is not always
honest so there's
that um here's a shocking Gallop poll
according to Carl keneil in the New York
Post that uh 60% of Democrats are now
anti-israel according to a poll 60% of
Democrats are
anti-israel at the same time I asked
chat GPT this about 70% of American
Jewish voters are Democrat so let me say
that again for the first time ever a
majority of Democrats are
anti-israel now that's about the country
and the country's
policies but at the same time 70% of
American Jewish voters are
Democrat now these are not the same
thing so it's it's not about um if
you're Jewish you're automatically
pro-israel or anti-israel or anything so
they're they're slightly different but
if you were a Jewish voter and you know
that 60% of the people on your own team
were
anti-israel even if you didn't have any
special feelings about Israel yourself
and you just said I'm American you know
I I wish them well but it's not my
business I'm American that would still
bother you wouldn't it if 60% of the
people on your team were suspiciously
against this country that's mostly
Jewish
people so I'm going to make a prediction
you know how you were surprised when
Hispanics move toward Trump and you know
how you are surprised maybe not that
male voters move toward Trump in a big
way especially young ones and remember
how you're surprised that black voters
moved far more toward Trump than you
ever
expected I'm going to predict that uh
Jewish American voters are going to
defect the Republican party and it will
be because their own party turned out
seems like a cesspool of
anti-Semitism now anti-Semitism is
everywhere so it's not like you're going
to go to the Republican party and not
get any oh you'll get plenty but
apparently the the pro-israel
part of the Republican party is really
high so I think it's over 80% of
Republicans are
pro-israel so I don't see how it can
persist that 70% of American Jewish
voters are Democrat at the same time 60%
of of Democrats are are just overtly
anti-israel which is not the same as
being
anti-semitic I I'll give you that but
it's kind of a close cousin you know the
ven diagram is going to overlap a little
bit so I I that doesn't seem
sustainable I I think the Republicans
are just going to just going to
grow speaking of Israel um Bill O'Reilly
had a take on the Trump plan to turn
Gaza into a
Mediterranean uh hotel and you know kind
of an excellent place on the
coast and he said that uh his vision of
it is economic prosperity and he says
you're never going to have peace in the
Middle East now this is Bill
O'Reilly in his opinion what Trump's
opinion is because he just just talked
to him recently I guess so he thinks
that Trump thinks that you have to have
prosperity in the Middle East to solve
the
problems um I don't think I've have ever
disagreed with Trump more than that if
that's actually his opinion so i' I'd
have to hear it from him before I
completely believe that's a full and
accurate opinion but I feel like that
would make sense if crime was the
problem you know if you had like just a
crime problem I think Prosperity
generally does do a good job of reducing
crime but if you've been training your
youth from birth that they have to go
destroy Israel and kill all the Jews or
whatever they're learning how in the
world is making them Rich going to make
you
safer all you have is richer terrorists
all you would have is terrorists who who
don't have to worry about eating and
they can work full-time on their other
mission of destroying Israel
so I would expect that Trump would have
a more nuanced feeling than whatever it
is that um you know has been related to
us so I need to hear it from
him I'd like to hear Trump say that
Prosperity is is how you reduce the you
know the future of terrorism because
it's not obvious to me to me it looks
like it would worsen it it's like here's
some terrorism how about we give you a
lot of
money every time terrorists get more
money they do more terrorism is there
ever been an
exception
so well the buz saws and leaf blowers
next door are in full swing right now so
I can barely hear myself I'm hoping my
microphone isn't picking it up because
it'd be very annoying to you
um yeah poverty contributes but is not
the
cause true it's the biggest contributor
though all right ladies and gentlemen
I'm going to say some words privately to
the local subscribers the rest of you
I'll see you tomorrow same time same
place I hope you enjoyed the
show and see you
tomorrow
e
e
e e