everybody it's time yeah
and for coffee with Scott Adams studio
coming online any moment now
Alexa turned on studio
oh there we go bump bump bump bump bump
bump
hold on if your desk doesn't have a
rolling chair you're missing a lot is
there are very few things more fun than
rolling around in your office standing
up and walking that's for suckers
get yourself a nice rolling chair uh
true story well I'll tell you after the
simultaneous it cuz I know you're here
for that you're probably ready you don't
want your coffee the cold it's probably
up you ready and all you needed was a
cup of our girl glass detector chelators
tie the canteen Joker flask FS a little
baby kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee enjoyed me down for
the unparalleled pleasure the dopamine
you know the day the thing that makes
everything better including the damn
pandemic it's called the simultaneous
sip it happens now go I feel my vitamin
D levels increasing to acceptable range
yeah yeah I think that just happened now
probably is a lot of vitamin D in coffee
but I feel there's nothing that coffee
can't fix really so I reminded myself of
a story from my childhood so when I was
a kid my grandmother would sometimes
babies have been actually fairly often
yeah my my grandmother had sort of a
little apartment room in a farmhouse at
a farm and it used to be were where she
had been married to the farmer but her
son took over so her son was running the
farm and she had sort of a little you
know a grandma apartment within the
farmhouse so I would go as a little kid
and and I would have to be with my
grandmother
all day long now let me describe what it
was like to be with my grandmother all
day long
so you just have to get this picture so
I grabbed what they're like to quilt she
would make quilts and because a quilt is
a pretty big object you you lay it down
on some kind of a table you know device
so you can walk around all the edges and
put it in the pieces and it's a long
project so your your quilt table if you
will will be set up and therefore need
of days or weeks however long you
working on your quilt the primary room
that was her area was filled almost
entirely by the quilt in the middle so
there was a narrow path around the edges
which was the only place I could be
except for outside and you know if the
weather wasn't good wasn't really an
option
so by entire world as a kid was this
narrow path around a quilt but it gets
better
my grandmother weighed about 300 pounds
and she had a rolling office chair so
that she could roll around the quilt
without getting up and work on her quilt
and then she pushed herself around and
you know work on the next part and she
would turn on her soap operas which are
in this little room so at age I don't
know whatever it was eight or something
seven or eight my entire day was being
chased by my grandmother who was walking
around the quilt now walking pushing the
chair around and I'd have to move all
the time and there wasn't a place to go
except further around the quilt while
she while she listened to her daytime
soap operas now if you're a kid
listening to daytime soap operas you
just want to kill yourself listening to
them for like seven hours in a row while
walking around the perimeter of a quilt
being chased by a 300-pound woman on an
office chair well that's how my
childhood looked and I'm not even
telling you the bad parts
magician Roy Horn of Siegfried and Roy
died from kovat 19 complications at age
75 now I've been telling you that my my
personal standard for what I'm going to
get worried is if the first famous
person under 70 dies of the corona virus
virus because I'm looking at my odds and
I'm saying okay I'm a famous person I'm
under 70 so my category has so far a
zero deaths famous people under 70 in
the United States then I saw this
headline and I'm like oh shoot I don't
know how old he was he was 75 which is
way too young still in this world and
I'm sure he had still some complications
I think from the tiger attack years ago
but sadly he passed and I felt that this
would felt like a like I got grazed you
know something you can hear the bullet
go by you could feel the wind passed
you're here to go and I'm thinking
famous person only five years over 70
it's getting closer so I'm not going to
be worried until my category has its
first death because what are the odds
that would be me all right there is yet
another drug cocktail combination that
is getting some promising reviews over a
harm car they've tested a I guess it's
existing HIV drug combination so it's
got ritonavir and the lopata vir and
beta interferon now as you know the beta
interferon drug is that's what Democrat
men take the beta interferon because
what that does is it makes you more of a
beta now I'm just kidding I don't know
why they named it beta interferon if
they don't want me to make fun of it but
here's the thing I it called me
skeptical
but you know all the drug companies are
saying the same thing which has given
the compressed timeline we don't really
have time to develop a whole new drug
that's perfect for this virus it would
just take too long so they're using all
this off-the-shelf stuff just to see now
one of the odds that you would have any
kind of a new was a new disease that
pops up in the world what are the odds
then a new disease a new virus and do
anything would be treatable with old
drugs I mean it's not impossible but one
of the odds that the pharmaceutical
company has just happened to have on the
shelf REM des aveer which isn't used for
anything else but they got a patent they
know how to make it wouldn't it be
convenient if they could find some way
to convince people this works four
thousand dollars a shot or whatever it
is so what I see that these existing HIV
drugs were tested and they got good
results I don't think they have any cut
a whole scientific study but they
anecdotally with their small group they
were getting better about twice as fast
or maybe 1/3 faster and I don't think
they have any information on death yet
because they weren't really testing
people who are near death anyway
so I am really really skeptical really
really skeptical of any existing drug
working for this I'm really skeptical so
you know my I'll give you my my
estimates of odds now for those of you
who are not if you're new to this if I
say the odds of something are 80% chance
that it will happen and then it doesn't
have happened I wasn't wrong right you
have to understand that or you can't
play saying the odds can be right even
if the less likely thing happens so so
it's not I'm not telling you what's
going to happen just give you odds I'd
say hydroxychloroquine I'm still putting
a 40% chance that that makes a big
difference
there's a higher chance that it makes a
difference
probably a 40% chance that some kind of
a game-changer I base that in the fact
that we would already know that if it
were that big a deal we would know it by
now you know easily we would know by now
there's a hundred ways we would know it
by now if it worked that well but
there's certainly indications it might
work a little bit and that's that's
still worth something
so 40 percent chance that
hydroxychloroquine is a game-changer
higher chance that has some
effectiveness I'm Jess aveer I'm going
to put at 10% I can say there's a 10%
chance that REM does of here is going to
be the game changer again it might also
have some effect in some situations but
baby 10% chance
then there's HIV cocktail combination
you know it's still way too early to
know if it really makes difference
there's it's not really a controlled
study or anything I would say one of the
odds that this cocktail that was made
for a completely different reason would
also work well enough to be a
game-changer I'm going to say just I
just can't believe that we
coincidentally happily invented the
right drug before the virus occurred I
mean that would be a big coincidence so
I'd say 20% 20% chance that this
particular combination is the magic
bullet and then there's you know another
hundred things out there that are being
tested right all sorts of monoclonal
things and whatnot and I would say that
the odds of let's say at least one of
those things that I haven't mentioned
yet so the the whole category of things
that I haven't mentioned so I have been
shin hundred hydroxychloroquine these
HIV drugs REM does appear so those are
one category but the whole other
category that's not those for a
game-changer
let's say 50% I'd say there's a solid
50% chance that there's something in the
pipeline that could really just just
yank this thing back to where it needs
to be 50/50 I wouldn't count on it
those are my best guesses these are
based on nothing by having been alive a
long time looking at the dog that isn't
barking you know like we're not hearing
that it's doing better like the
hydroxychloroquine but we could all be
surprised so one of the things that Mark
Cuban was saying in an interview talking
about the economy coming back online is
that the economy in 2020 is nothing like
any any broken economy of the past and I
would like to add to that thought
the thing that's really really weird and
unpredictable about this coming economic
recovery is nothing's broken like
physically it's not like a world war
where your buildings don't exist and you
got to rebuild them everything sort of
they're also all the people to do the
work are already here and they're
already trained so you've got the jobs
the building's the assets the people
it's all perfectly intact the parth is
broken is the psychology of it and
possibly consumer spending us as Mark
Cuban was pointing out what we don't
know is will the people who go back and
that once they can spend will they
because a lot of people don't have money
but as I pointed out the other thing
that's weird about this one
is there for something like 15% of
people are unemployed but of those 15%
how many of them were making a lot of
money to begin with right how many of
the people who lost their jobs let's say
servers and restaurants you know you can
go right down the line retail retail
people they were not the big income
people for the most part they're the
ones barely getting by and probably a
lot of them had to live with someone
else to pay the rent so they either had
someone else who could be earning
the family they might be living at home
you know so so if you took that 15
percent how much is the total buying
power as consumers that was in that 15
percent now it was some of those people
are going to be high income people
because you'd have to throw me in there
- you know I basically have lost my job
I'm just waiting for the waiting for the
notice basically in fact my syndication
company is already already told me the
cats on the roof
you know that joke I got a letter that
says well the cats on the roof
newspapers are going out of business
they want to renegotiate don't know if
we'll get paid so I'm approaching
unemployed in you know not in the way of
having a salary job but essentially my
job just went away or it's on the way
it's on the path of Norway it's harder
know if I might throw it in that average
- so my buying power will good at about
75% but mostly the 15% of unemployed
were the ones who are not making that
much money to begin with so in terms of
numbers of people it's a it's a disaster
because it's a lot of people who are
struggling because they don't have money
but if you just talk about math the
total buying power of that 15% might be
4% of the consumer purchasing I'm just
just guessing because it's a big group
15% of the public but they didn't buy
much because they didn't have much to
begin with so the people who still had a
job spend way less while they're on
lockdown
they actually have extra money and
pent-up demand everybody who wanted to
buy a car for the last three months well
maybe some of them ten I think car
dealers are actually open but probably
just a lot of pent up demand so if I had
to guess now the real problem is that
the businesses that are opening up under
capacity there's no way you can open up
a rest
or a movie theater at 25 percent
capacity there's almost no point to it
it would be smarter to go out of
business at that point because you're
just yeah every day that you're open at
25 percent capacity you just lose the
money so and I suppose it'd just be
easier to declare bankruptcy a big
restaurant chain around here sweet
tomatoes I think just declared
bankruptcy a big Nordstrom the the
biggest store in my area my town is
Nordstrom yeah it's part of the that one
mall in my town and that just it's the
anchor tenants and they just decided
that they're closing that store I don't
know about Nordstrom in general but that
that store looks like it'll be closed
forever so these are pretty big changes
but here's what I'm gonna add to Mark
Cuban's comments we've never been in a
position where everything was not broken
physically the people were all trained
and here's the part I'm going to add
we've got the best communication we've
ever had and I think that it's that
ability to instantly communicate both on
you know in digital ways but also social
media ways which are also digital but we
can connect and find each other and find
problems and solve problems in a way
that was never possible before so you
know take take the most trivial example
oh you saw that there were some
restaurants in tamp I think that closed
the streets in front of the restaurant
so they can move the tables onto the
street and have lots of space and you so
that you could still have your
restaurant now in theory you can get a
lot closer to a hundred percent capacity
by spreading your tables into the street
that's an idea that would pop up in one
place then there's a news story or some
social media and then suddenly every
restaurant here's the idea
now think about the difference of having
no communication or poor communication
early on and let's say the 1918 pandemic
and then some restaurant has a good idea
how would the other restaurant
ever hear about that good idea wait for
it to be written up in a physical
newspaper and hope that you you saw that
newspaper that somebody says Seattle did
it - right now I don't know to what
extent that that idea was just so
obvious that everybody would have
thought of it maybe it's possible but I
have to think that there were probably
80% of the restaurants who wouldn't have
thought of it they would just would have
said I guess we can't open up but the
fact that some of them had that idea
allows that idea to just spread across
the country immediately likewise every
time anybody has a good idea anywhere it
immediately spreads because we're so
well connected so my my take on this is
that a economic recovery under these
unique conditions should be spectacular
the conditions being nothing's broken
everybody's trained half the country
probably has more money than before the
the crisis they're still gonna spend and
the people who lost their jobs were in
the by and large and lower economic to
strata to begin with they weren't a big
part of the consumer spending and
communication is great if you add
communication to this mix things can
recover quite quite quickly so I'm very
optimistic about 2021 here's that here's
the weirdest thing here's a dark thought
you know I keep watching the the
evolving flim collusion brush occlusion
story and now that we've seen the actual
documents and we know that Adam Schiff
was lying to the country for what years
how long was Adam Schiff lying and and a
lot of our leaders are lying but let's
just talk about Adam Chef because he
seems to be the the primary purveyor of
the hoax so my understanding is that he
broke no laws because members of
Congress have immunity so
because he had immunity he was able to
lie to the country in in such a way and
it's such a consistent in public way
that he effectively attempted a coup not
even effectively he attempted a coup I
don't even have to add effectively he
tried to remove the government of the
United States by lying consistently and
grotesquely in the most in ways which
are now obvious we couldn't really tell
before he didn't really know you didn't
really know but now you know here's the
weird thing
when you think to yourself alright so
somebody tried to overthrow the legally
elected government of the United States
well what would be the penalty for that
you know what in your mind what feels
like the right to penalty to match it
wasn't a crime but it was a bad thing
let's call it a bad thing that was not
technically illegal what what do you
imagine would be the appropriate
punishment for that well if you like me
execution now you could argue I don't
believe in the the death penalty I
prefer life in prison but I don't know I
think it coup attempt a coup attempt at
actual treason against the United States
given how much this cost all of us I
mean there is a good argument that it
was really expensive even including not
being as prepared for the coronavirus
maybe I'm not sure I believe that it was
made of - any difference given that we
had bad information about it during that
period but I it's just blowing my head
up that somebody did something that a a
reasonable citizen who's not who's not
crazy who's just looking at the
situation I'm a reasonable citizen and
if I'm being objective this person we
now know we don't have to guess about it
anymore we now know we're certainly a
to overthrow the president with it was
treason and it feels like the right
punishment is execution is that is that
too much am I going too far I mean
because traditionally that's the
traditional penalty for treason now I
don't think we kill people in the in the
United States for treason I think
actually we don't have the I think the
death penalty is maybe on the table but
not always use that sort of thing but
it's just blowing my mind that I'm
legitimately not even in a political
sense just my my natural human citizen
instinct of how bad it was what he did
feels like if it had been a crime which
it isn't the right penalty would be
execution is that too much because I
actually don't think it is like I don't
even think it's a little bit too much
now if you said no execution life
imprisonment you know I'd say okay
that's more of a philosophical
difference but in terms of the extent of
the crime and the extent of the
punishment it's in that range but
instead do you know his punishment will
be almost certain re-election
almost certain re-election that's why
he'll get for that you'll actually he's
gonna get it rewarded now when we're
talking about hoaxes and of course you
know I'm usually talking about hoaxes
that are presented by you know the
Democrats against Trump those are the
the famous ones you know rush occlusion
the fine people hoaxes the ingesting
Clorox hoax the the gold fish feeding
hoax I mean you know read that in line
it's just honks after hoax but it's not
just one direction people it's not just
one direction I'm watching the coverage
last night and the opinion shows on Fox
talking about a chef and there
I think Tucker was doing this showing
clips of you know shifts saying yes
there's plenty of evidence that the
Trump campaign colluded with Russia
so they'd show him saying that and then
they'd show you the evidence that
there's nobody who testified there was
any evidence of that no direct evidence
of that whatsoever so the implication is
that the experts on oath are saying we
didn't see any evidence yet Schiff is
taking is going out in public and saying
plenty of evidence
so therefore shifts a liar except he's
being taken out of context I hate that I
have to defend the guy I think should
have the death penalty I'm gonna defend
Adam Schiff is for your benefit so you
can sort of have a better appreciation
of how you might be being manipulated by
the news here's how you're being
manipulated when Adam Schiff says
there's plenty of evidence of collusion
by the campaign his specific examples
are the Don jr. meeting which did happen
but the way interpreted of course is
crazy but at least it happened and the
fact that the president said it in
public that time
hey Russia if you can get us those
emails you know why don't you do it
so when Schiff says there's plenty of
evidence he's looking he's looking at
the things that we do know about and
he's simply interpreting them as
evidence he's not talking about the same
kind of stuff that the the people who
were testifying we're talking about they
were talking about real evidence like
you've seen Russia do something there's
an email as a taped conversation like
real evidence but they the people who
said there's no evidence would also have
acknowledged Don Jr went to a meeting
and that the President did once say in
public at that debate a Russia you know
if you have those emails Hillary's
emails so when you see those things
juxtaposed as they say there's no
evidence and then chefs shift says
there's plenty if you leave out that
part where the plenty is talking
out is the stuff that we do know exist
he's just interpreting it differently I
don't feel that's exactly honest
honestly no I still think that what he
did is so dishonest that you know he
doesn't just he doesn't really deserve a
fair shake at this point but and and and
of course what he was doing by defining
those trivial things as being plenty of
evidence is completely bogus completely
bogus but it's it's the complete story
you have to say that's what he was
talking about before you say it's bogus
otherwise you're just confusing the
listeners I think so em Schiff is still
saying there's plenty of evidence and
still using those trivial examples the
other thing that was interesting that
Tucker was talking about is that and I
don't think I'd heard this told was on
the show and by the way if you didn't
watch talkers show last night it was
really really good one of the best
I think Tucker's show last night was one
of the best he's ever done you know
overall I didn't like that the Adam
Schiff treatment but if you looked at
the whole show it was really good
because it's the first time I've seen it
laid out as bare as that you know just
just showing us what happens what the
the things we found out in the
transcripts that were important I think
it was laid out really well and the
thing that I hadn't seen reported
anywhere until Tucker talked about it
was that you know how we the government
has been telling us that we're sure
Russia hacked hacked
I don't know Podesta or the DNC or
whatever remember we were all sure that
they did and I think you remember that
from the beginning maybe you don't
remember but from the beginning I've
been saying are we sure do you really
believe that we can know who hacked
something because I've got a real
question about whether we can know that
I don't know what we can know right we
know what we're told but we know that
we're being told
frequently we're told things that aren't
true I mean it's just happening literal
everyday we're being told things that
aren't true by you know the government
intelligence agencies the news pretty
much everybody's telling us untrue
things so when I first heard that we
could tell who hacked us I said to
myself if we can tell who hacked us
then I don't know what hacking even is
because if these top-secret intelligence
agencies were the best the best
technical hackers in the world are
leaving their fingerprints on their
hacks I don't understand the world
because really the whole point of the
hacks is not getting caught and you
would know if you could get caught right
wouldn't you know if you were leaving a
fingerprint so from the beginning I said
to myself we could strongly suspect who
did it but I don't know that we could
ever know and sure enough the transcript
shows that when asked directly if we
know we don't know it was just a lie the
whole time so you're watching the story
I know about I guess there are 11 Secret
Service people who have the corona virus
and there are several members of the
fence and Trump staff people are pretty
close to him who have tested positive
neither Pence nor Trump have tested
positive but here's the obvious thing I
often tell you that you can predict the
future when you see this situation which
is there's a situation with a big
potential upside that there's a lot to
gain and there's no risk of getting
caught well so let's say it's something
that isn't legal but you know you're not
going to get caught and the gain is just
gigantic does it happen
yeah every time it'll happen every time
and then the third criteria is that
there's multiple people involved in this
situation meaning that it's not just one
person who might potentially say hey I'm
a good person I'm the only person who
has this opportunity for this huge
upside game but I'm not that kind of
person
because
illegal so if you only had one person
you might get one that was honest could
turn down a billion dollars because it
just isn't right but if you've got a lot
of people in your situation somebody's
gonna take the billion dollars alright
so I looked at this situation of the
people who have the corona virus
infections and I say to myself if you
were let's say a sophisticated country
that had capabilities and you wanted to
bother another country and possibly
assassinate their leader who is over 70
how would you do it now I'm not giving
anybody ideas because it's just so
obvious you have to assume that every
intelligence agency thought this on day
one which is wait a minute
if I were to infect their outer circle
which is probably easy because you could
find people who work at the White House
who are not themselves guarded you could
easily infect theirs you know their
their place where they're gonna be you
know the I don't want to give you too
many ideas now it's something it's not
something that an individual could
easily do because how would you get you
know a little vial of corona virus for
yourself if you wanted to do bad things
with it
it'd be kind of hard unless you were
personally in fact but if you're a
government and you're an intelligence
agency of course you can get yourself a
little vial of corona virus and here's
the thing imagine I'll just give you one
example Iran they have elderly leaders
who are the big problem and then you've
got a number of countries in the area I
don't need to name names who would have
the capability and the motive did get a
little bit of coronavirus to the
advisors because that and then the
advisors will do the rest
inadvertently so when you saw as soon as
I saw that Iran was having extra big
problems kind of early on I said to
myself huh a very unpopular regime
surrounded by highly capable enemies who
could easily do this without getting
caught
and then statistically well you got a
pretty good chance that it's gonna mess
up the other side huge upside potential
practically no chance of getting caught
lots of people involved do you think
anybody intentionally tried to infect
the Iranian leadership probably right do
you think Iran tried to intentionally
affect in fact the advisers of the
Israeli government probably probably why
wouldn't they or at least try do you
think anybody any malign actors would
try to do the same thing with the
leadership of the United States if they
would interfere with our elections if
they would be sending us a fentanyl of
course they would so you don't have to
ask would they because of course they
would we have we have such a history
where it's just obvious of course they
would but only if there was a big big
gain potential gain and almost no chance
of getting caught and that's what we got
because if somebody shows up and they
have the corona virus how the hell would
you know where it came from
you wouldn't it's the most I don't know
it's just I'm a risk management
perspective I can't imagine that this
isn't what being used I know by a dozen
different countries trying to take out a
rival country I mean I would bet there
are 12 countries right now they're
trying to mess with some other
government this way because why wouldn't
they just why wouldn't they really
somebody says never heard of tracing
well the tracing isn't going to get it
done I mean it would be too easy to put
it into that trail all right
the newest hoax is the pen scurrying
empty boxes of PPE you probably saw the
videos I think Jimmy Kimmel started it
where they they acted like he was
carrying empty boxes to put
he was helping but in fact he was
carrying full boxes to pretend he was
helping it's sort of a hoax of a hoax I
mean obviously if the Vice President is
moving boxes
it's obviously for the cameras right
we're all adults right nobody thinks
that he was just helping out of course
it was film cameras but I guess he joked
about empty boxes or something and they
got that on camera and put it together
then tried to act like he was moving
empty boxes but does it matter does it
matter if the but if the boxes were
empty it was just a video thing that's
all it was it doesn't matter if it was
empty I mean if they were followed they
were full of these light paper goods it
makes no difference at all it's the
story that didn't need to be told at all
no importance whatsoever all right I
told you I've been digging into this
vitamin D correlation with coronavirus
and whether it helps you recover from Co
vid or not
and there's just tons of information but
a lot of it is amateurs making their own
graphs and not doing it right so I
tested again my model of taking
somebody's claim in this case it was a
graph that showed it purported to show
that the the more vitamin D you had the
better you did with the covent but I
asked people to take a look at it in my
Twitter feed and you know all the
doctors and scientists pour it in and
said bogus bogus bogus bogus so that was
good that so I got debunked fairly
quickly it's a good model I think I
would be using that a lot where I'll
just put it out there and say comments
and sure enough it got debunked but that
doesn't mean that vitamin D has no role
it just means that you should be really
really cautious of everything you see
about it everything literally every
graph you see every set of statistics
about vitamin D so far has big problems
I think you know so none of it is
conclusive that I've that I've seen but
are still promising so we'll keep
looking into that so there's a I guess
he's a Democrat who on Twitter he's some
kind of data scientist guy and or yeah
he's a scientist I guess and he tweets
us he goes I feel my brain robbing every
time I talk to a Republican like I was
so bad to help them understand I'm a
damn good teacher and I honestly believe
everyone is redeemable but good lord
it's like their brains got swapped with
the donkey's now he is a youngish guy I
judged by his profile picture younger
she looks like the 30s maybe can't tell
but I love watching somebody right
before the red pill because somebody
suggested that he talked to me what
would happen if he talked to me well
he's gonna he'll be choking back to the
biggest red pill of his life and I love
look I love being the observer of this
person's journey now he's he's he's at
the lowest level of awareness right now
the lowest level of awareness is that
your site is giving you the truth and
the other side is Lyme that is the
lowest level of awareness and he's a
scientist and in public he's proclaiming
himself to be at the lowest level of
awareness because his view is that
Republicans have broken brains and his
side is getting it right now can you
imagine how much fun I would have with
this guy - you know apparently he's
never been introduced to the next level
of reality which is none of its true
just none of its true you it's just
everybody's interpreting what they want
but I could get him there that is all
there is that's happening today and he
is the same somebody says he been
thinking about the Democrats being
having the broken braids yes why I don't
know why Hannity's thinking so I
wouldn't say that I know what he's
thinking but it is true that there are
Republicans in the same situation I have
not watched the Elon Musk interview I
think you're talking about Joe Rogan
it's hard for me to watch the law or
listen to long-form interviews somebody
says Don Lemon brought up the fine
people hoax again last night you know
you do know that people like Don Lemon
probably have never even heard the
counter-argument and I think people like
Don Lemon to actually think it happened
and they actually believe it happened
because that's widespread all right I'm
just looking at you're talking about bar
being the worst attorney general yeah
we've had some Attorney General's that
did not bring glory to the office
planned emic has been banned well I'm
still waiting for the the
counter-argument unplanned emic he tried
to blame the shooting of the of the
black kid on Trump who did bus I don't
think so
I ever challenged lemon why would I
challenge him it's not like he's gonna
have any kind of a conversation with me
just say Kim still relaxing yeah and
nobody's seen Kim jong-un lately yet
there will be more about that story
thoughts on a mood
Aubry well here's here's some thoughts
it's it's sort of a made-for-television
crime now I'm going to call it a crime
without the benefit of the legal system
having yet to fully wade in because it
looks more like a really bad judgment in
my case so I think what happened was
everybody involved the two people who
were chasing Aubree down and then our
brain for reasons that I don't quite
understand decided to wrestle with a guy
and trying to wrestle his gun away from
them and I can't think that was his best
play so I think you had three people who
were all under the wrong impression of
what was going on I think Aubree
probably thought his life was in danger
in some senses it was of course but
probably didn't know exactly what was
going on and maybe thought it was a
different situation than it was and
everybody was just mistaken and so when
I look at this thing I hear people
putting it in a political frame because
that's what we do and you know maybe
they're racist and maybe this and it's a
symbol of what's happening in the
country and it's another example of
racism well that I don't know they're to
send me of that it just looks like three
people who were subject to confirmation
bias and actually I don't even know if
the if the two two guys with the guns I
don't even know if they were having
confirmation bias
or they were just trying to find out and
they did it in the worst possible way in
other words what are they just trying to
find out if this was the person I think
they have some video cameras video
images of somebody trying to break into
places in the area and of course we
haven't seen that half way I'm not
suggesting that the deceased was doing
anything bad I have no information that
would suggest that but since they P the
the people who chased him down we're
doing it because he matched some
description of somebody who had broken
into homes but I don't know if the
description was based on the video video
image was her I assume there was some
kind of video that captured him so at
some point we're gonna see a video I'm
guessing I don't know if there is video
but I think we might see a security
video of somebody breaking into homes in
the area and then we can judge for
ourself
does it look sufficiently like the the
victim who got shot and killed you know
is it close enough where you'd say okay
I can see how they'd make that mistake
you know they were just going to get a
better look they were sure maybe they're
profiling like young black male so but
you know so you could certainly argue
that the racism was part of the part of
the confirmation bias fair to say I'm
not sure if it's racism if it's just
based on a physical look though I mean
wouldn't they have done the same thing
if the description had been he looked
like a white hillbilly in overalls
overalls wouldn't they have chased
anybody who looked like a white
hillbilly and overalls if if what they
were trying to do is find a burglar so
certainly the the victims race was part
of the bad decision-making but I think
that they would also have been
susceptible to bad decision-making if it
had been any other color as well
including their own because if that was
just what they'd heard well he's a you
know blond guy 45 wearing overalls so
they saw a blond guy
45 wearing overalls would they not have
chased it you know would they have let
him go because he was white I don't
think so so I think yeah I think he got
to be a little more clever about saying
what it wasn't the bias them because
being biased by the physicality of
someone who's been described is
different than being a racist that's are
pretty different things yeah it was just
the description wasn't good enough
that's that's not racism but these
things of course turn into something
else let me let me let me give you a
hypothesis I'm just gonna put that out
there if you are a black citizen of the
United States
let me not even pretend I can know how
you feel or how you think because we
none of us know how anybody feels or
thinks so anybody who's not you you
don't really know how they're thinking
let's let's be a little humble about
that but I'll put this in the form of a
question let's say you're and if there
any african-american viewers on this I
would love to get your opinion right now
so you can confirm or debunk what I'm
saying if you're a black let's say
you're a black man in the United States
we'll just make it a man to keep the
example simple you're a black man living
in the United States do you think that
law enforcement treat you unfairly what
do you think typical black man living in
the United States is it your opinion
that the legal system treats you
unfairly probably yes wouldn't you say
again everybody's different you know you
don't want to make a sweeping
generalization but I would think that's
a fair generalization now let's say
you're a black man you feel that the law
enforcement has been unfair to you and
you're watching the news and the biggest
story is that the FBI and the Department
of Justice apparently just tried to
frame a general in the general of why
general and take down the President of
the United States with false accusations
there's something happening here that if
you don't notice it could be really
really big Trump just became a black man
let that sink in for a minute
Trump just became black think about it
youyou said we said that Bill Clinton
was the first black president Trump's
number three because Trump just shares
one of the biggest I know experiences of
being a black man in America which is
that law enforcement targeted you and
tried to take you out with a bogus crime
if you're a black guy and you're
watching Trump attempted to be taken out
with a bogus charge what do you feel
about that seriously how do you feel
about that because if that doesn't make
you a little bit more empathetic about
Trump's situation now let's go further
what has Trump done in terms of black
people in prison he is quite noticeably
and publicly worked hard to free black
people who or let's say over over
penalized that I don't know if any of
them more literally innocent of the
crime they were committed but they are
over penalized you know like you Alice
Johnson etc and then the entire prison
reform movement which is entirely not
entirely but it's mostly it's going to
get people and prison early huge number
of them over-represented are the black
community so just by a weird confluence
of things I'm not joking I think Trump
just became the third black president
without even trying because nobody is
champion their side and also gotten the
same treatment that I imagine they feel
they get from law enforcement and that's
a pretty big bonding experience now I
don't know if Trump will ever be clever
enough to to tie the ideas together
because you know he supports law
enforcement and he's not gonna be anti
cop that's not gonna happen but he
certainly could say in public you know
if you're a if you're a black man living
in the United States I'll tell you one
thing I understand that imagine imagine
President Trump saying this in public
let me let me tell you one thing if
you're a black man living in the United
States and you're worried about law
enforcement treating you unfairly I get
it I get it that you know I there's
nothing I understand better than that
law enforcement targeting you for a
crime you didn't commit
treating you unfairly I get it how much
would you love to say that you know it's
one of these it sort of sneaks up on you
because when you're talking about the
rush of collusion thing you're not
thinking about you know race relations
it's just a sort of a little story but
the way the way stories affect us you
know they they what we do is we say is
the person in the story unlike to me or
not like me it's just automatic the
reason we like stories is you put
yourself in the story and the story of
Russia collusion I feel if you were a
black man you know could be a woman too
but you know men are more likely to be
in the the penal system but if you're a
black man in America and you just
watched the revelation that the
President of the United States was
framed for a crime how do you not feel a
little empathy for that while that same
person is freeing black people from over
being over penalized in prisons there's
just no way that doesn't affect you will
it be enough who knows all right
that's a mind-blower isn't it I can see
in the comments that some of you are are
really really thinking about that one
the hero's journey somebody says yeah so
movies feature a story arc where the
hero changes so that that's what makes a
good story is the hero starts down as
one kind of person and they've you know
they've learned their heart is opened or
they've become better at something
whatever all right so he says Trump is
literally a person of color because he's
orange that's funny all right it's an
interesting theory theory but as stretch
somebody says could be well let me give
you an update on one of my predictions
which looks like based on preliminary
information could be totally wrong but
we know that preliminary information is
often totally wrong itself so this isn't
funny at all so let me let me get out of
my good mood so that I don't say this in
the wrong way it turns out that these
statistics for at least anecdotally the
statistics for suicide are pretty pretty
alarming now all the smart people said
economic destruction and losing your job
and being socially isolated should lead
to higher suicide rates and tragically
and early indications are that that
might be happening at least you know
more reportedly but not I don't think
anybody's gonna study out of that I had
predicted the opposite which that I was
going to predict that suicide would go
down and I used the Sheryl the server
theory for that which is that everything
reduces when people think there's a new
situation happening
like everything everything that would
have happened stops happening whether it
was good or bad because your urologist
adjusting to the new situation and so
that was my theory but the longer the
lockdown goes the longer it goes the
less the theory can hold right so the
Cheryl the server theory is only is only
meant to be for a short time so her I'll
give you the exact theory again so she
would say that the restaurant business
would go down when something changed so
if the weather became seasonally good
business would go down because people
would want to go outside if it rained
and started to be rainy that week the
business would go down because people
didn't want to be in the rain so it
didn't matter if it was good weather or
bad weather business always went down
just because it was a change and people
change the behavior when there's some
larger change but that the Sherrill
effect wears off after a few days which
is that you know one day of nice weather
your business will go to nothing but
after two weeks of good weather business
goes back to where it was people are
just look out we had a little outdoor
time let's go back to the restaurant so
we've been in lockdown so long that
there it does make sense that when
you're looking at second third month of
a lockdown and unemployment yeah yeah at
that point you'd have to assume that the
lockdown becomes normal as soon as being
locked down starts to fear normal to
feel normal and it's unambiguously worse
than what even the worse the previous
situation was and maybe people wanted to
end their lives anyway so I can see how
it would go from so here I will refine
my prediction and say this I'll bet for
the first few weeks
suicide went down but I'll bet by the
final weeks oh actually by the final
weeks it might go down again if people
are saying well it's only one more week
but somewhere right around now should be
the worst of it so it probably will be
higher than average
for a while so that's pretty tragic so
it looks like my prediction will be
wrong but maybe we can learn something
from from the the individual weeks
because I do think I still feel
confident that the first week or two of
the shutdown will be lower suicide rates
and after that I wouldn't be surprised
if they went up again all right um
I'm homeless now because of the China
virus well I'm sorry you know I've not
seen much news about people going hungry
have you we we saw some news for a while
it seemed like there was about a week or
two where every now and then you see the
long food lines and various cities but I
thought that the news would just keep
showing more and more of them and the
lines would get longer and there'd be
more cities involved but it feels like
the coverage of the Food lines just sort
of stopped didn't it now is that because
we have enough food and we still have
the lines but they're getting their food
so it's not a story anymore is that why
does anybody know what happened to the
Food lines still they're getting worse
getting better it feels like that's some
who says Food lines still in New York
City but I guess I guess how much of a
new how much of a news it is depends on
whether they have enough because you can
have a pretty long line if they're you
can have a long line and it's not as
much of a problem if there's enough food
and then the line is moving quickly
that's a different level of tragedy than
the people at the end of the line aren't
going to get any food so it's looking to
me like we're meeting the the hunger
problem right Lester Holt news had it on
last night okay so maybe yeah it could
be that just because it's not new
anymore about I would think that the
news would be all over that still here
in Ohio
somebody says Mark Cuban claims 96%
non-compliance for Texas business
distancing have you noticed let me ask
this question and tell me in the
comments have you all noticed that
there's way less way less compliance
this week is it just my imagination I
think the the lack of compliance is
starting to come online I guess I think
most of the beaches were open in
California but I had predicted that if
the beaches were still closed in
California or at least in sections like
Oh see if the beaches were closed on
Mother's Day that would be the end of
the beach close Thanks because if you
take your mom to the beach on Mother's
Day and like the beach is just full of
mothers on Mother's Day especially if
there are kids who are them what are the
police gonna do because if you if you're
looking at the power you'll say to
police policemen come to the beach
if there's one mom well the police have
an advantage if you have 15 moms on a
beach and they're to police the police
are going home the police are just going
to give up if you have 15 moms on
Mother's Day they're not going to get
arrested
they're certainly not gonna get arrested
they're not gonna get handcuffed
if those moms just say thanks for the
help officer but we got this I
appreciate the advice
officer we'll take care of this that's
it
mothers are mothers on Mother's Day are
as powerful as a bride on a wedding day
if you've ever been through a wedding
and you've observed the power of the
bride on the wedding day everybody will
give the bride whatever they want on the
wedding day it's just like a superpower
it's like um III that tree is in the way
could somebody get out a pocketknife and
try to get rid of that oak tree and then
suddenly everybody would be like take it
out there pocketknives brides and
sobriety buddies you know tried to take
down the oak tree with their pocket
knives you know chewing on it
like beavers so yeah I just thought it
would be hilarious if the beaches were
closed on Mother's Day because you know
the mothers would've made a run for it
right I don't know if your state is
different but I could tell you
California moms they were going to the
beach a lot of California moms were
going to the beach if they had been
closed or if they'd been open and it
would have been hilarious because you
know how it would have ended it would
have been funny all right
there's snow in Massachusetts somebody
said somebody asks what's Telegraph
Avenue and Berkeley like in the pandemic
probably exactly the same I don't know
all right that's all I got for now I
will talk to you tonight you know when