all right let's try this again now with
the third microphone because my
microphones keep breaking for some
reason uh but I hope you can hear me
this is going to be a single
topic um single topic uh Periscope and
it's going to be on the topic of looking
at healthc care and maybe a little bit
about the wall in terms of systems
versus goals now if you have read my
book had to fail at almost everything
and still wind big you know that I talk
about the limitation of having goals one
of the problems is you don't know
exactly what you want all the time
sometimes there might be multiple things
that make you happy and it might limit
your your uh let's say your imagination
for different solutions that could be
even better than what your goal was so
let me show you what this looks like in
terms of healthc care let's go to the
Whiteboard all right all right so here's
a system for getting more Health Care
the system is that you build walls and
you improve competition which the uh the
administration is doing now why do you
need
walls to have capitalism and of course
if you have capitalism that makes you
money and that creates you know wealth
that can buy you Healthcare as well as
other things so the question is why do
you need
walls for capitalism to work well here's
a little economics
lesson capitalism can only work if you
can protect
wealth period if you can't protect
wealth you can't have capitalism so
there's a reason that banks have walls
and that vaults exist and that you have
to show you know your your uh ID when
you're using your credit card Etc uh the
entire capitalist system depends on
being able to protect any wealth that
gets created until it can be used by the
people who created it if you create
wealth and then other people can have it
if they want it then you can't really
have H capitalism for very long so I
would argue that the border security is
part of the system of protecting your
assets because there is no other way to
have capitalism it's not the only thing
you're protecting you also have banks
with walls
you have buildings and offices that have
security but in all cases you can't have
capitalism unless you also protect the
assets and right now if people can walk
across the border in huge
Caravans and potentially take advantage
of other people's assets directly or
indirectly then you're chipping away at
capitalism so capitalism we know works
and we saw today that uh secretary uh
Azar if I'm pronouncing it right Health
and Human Services has announced some
new uh changes and regulations that
would allow you to get uh your
pharmaceutical meds cheaper and it's
just a a tweak with the law and with
transparency and with Kickbacks but
there's also a broader set of uh plans
that they have that I haven't looked at
in great detail but they're actually
doing a lot of work in terms of uh
making sure that the market is more
competitive so if you'd like to dig into
that there's a there's a press release
from uh Health and Human Services today
that tells you all the things are doing
to maximize
competition right so you could say this
isn't as good as you would like it and
you'd be on safe ground but all I'm
going to say is that it's a system in
which you can understand all the moving
parts and they're all well understood
there's nothing controversial about
this the alternative to this system and
again I'm
overgeneralizing is goals where you have
Medicare for all but you don't really
know how to get there because even as
you've seen Howard Schultz and um Mike
Bloomberg both Democrats and they both
said yeah but we don't know how to get
there so there's no system to get to the
goal they they're also goals of being
kind and caring that's great I love that
goal
I like I even like uh health care for
everybody I love that as a goal and I
like fairness if we could all agree what
it was which is impossible but in in
concept I'd like a fair world where
everybody is kind and everybody has
health care but I don't know how to get
there except this way so if anybody can
come up with a system that can that can
deliver these three things you know a
system that would give me kindness to
the people who deserve it uh Medicare
for all or some version of universal
healthcare and fairness if I could get
that I'm all over it all right I would
support that in the heartbeat but I need
to know what the system is how can you
get there because raising taxes
obviously won't do it so the thing that
I wanted to add to
this is the notion that if you're
looking at the wall in isolation it's
easy to get caught up in gosh is this
just us being mean and not letting
people over who have Desperate problems
and are just trying to make a better
life Etc and you can have great empathy
for for uh the people who are coming
across illegally and and I
do but that doesn't make it a
system it it's still just sort of
Getting By and uh and not really
building a system now one of the things
that uh I'm amused by the news is that
apparently there was some gigantic fenel
bust and it was it happened when they
checked the truck that was coming
through one of the legal ports of entry
and so some folks who are anti-wall said
well here you go it's the biggest bus
yet and they weren't trying to go
through some border area with no wall
they went right through the the main the
main uh place and then they got caught
to which I say there's probably a good
reason that they went that way and that
good reason is they had a big truck and
you can't really take a truck over a
rocky mountain or through a stream or
over a
wall they went where they went because
we doing a pretty good job of
systematically closing off the other
places now it's sort of a infinite
whack-a-mole problem but just be because
you found some people going through the
easiest place doesn't mean you shouldn't
close off the other places that they
could go if they don't like that place
so you want to make it as hard as
possible in as many ways as possible so
you can catch as many people as possible
and
uh and that's your best solution all
right um so you can still be against
walls and all that but it helps to keep
a framework that one of these plans for
at least for healthcare involves a
system that we know works and it
involves walls walls around Banks to
protect assets walls around homes to
protect assets and walls around
countries to protect assets if you're
not protecting your assets you can't
have capitalism so you're seeing some of
the Democrats try to have it both ways
they're they're they're trying to have
it that they like capitalism but they
don't like protecting
assets can't have it both ways um and
that's all I wanted to add for now and
I'll talk to you later