well I see rumbles in the house and
locals in the house let's hear from
YouTube any YouTubers in the house
yet I'd like to see at least one
YouTuber before I start make sure you
guys are
good there we go YouTube's in the house
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
coffee with Scott Adams the finest
experience you've ever had in your life
I'll bet you and if you'd like to take
it up to levels that nobody can even see
you without some kind of Elon Musk
rocket ship well all you need for that
is a coverer muger glass a tanker Chell
sste a canteen Jugger flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dopamine of
the day thing that makes everything
better is called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens now
go you want to see the weirdest
thing I'm going to show you a picture
from my college
days this is a true story there was an
underclassman who decided that um he
looked enough like me and he decided
that I was his role model because I was
a year or two
older and he he started dressing like
me and people noticed and started
calling him the
Clone so so and rather than rejecting
that and saying I'm not trying to copy
him he he embraced it he said yeah I'm
totally trying to copy him and uh it it
would get more and more extreme the
entire time and it just got funnier and
funnier he was a friend of mine he live
he lived you know just a few doors down
in the
dormatory but anyway for Halloween that
year uh let's see where is it we went as
clones see if you can tell which one I
am I'd like to think he was the poor
man's version of me but I'm not entirely
sure he's probably worth a billion
dollars now he was pretty smart probably
did a startup or something
anyway I saw a concept today in one of
uh Owen's posts um about the What's
called the third
place have you ever heard that term a
third place so your house is your first
place your place of work is your second
place and the third place would be like
I guess if you were in England it would
be the tavern if you were somewhere else
it would be some else now my third place
used to be be my
gym you know it's a place you could go
to feel less lonely and maybe run into
people but um here's why I wanted to
talk about it I really think we need to
design new cities around accidentally
meeting your
neighbors leaving it to chance just
doesn't work we need some way that in
the normal course of business you run
into people that you don't mind running
into you know by you know all
voluntarily nobody's going to be forced
to talk to their neighbors but I've been
looking into a number of
businesses that I could start in my
local area that would have a physical
location and I didn't realize that I was
always thinking about them as the third
place for example I was thinking it was
starting a dog park that would have some
uh Shady place where you could plug in
your laptop and sit at a table and if
you make it so it's sort of like picnic
tables you're going to have people who
don't know each other sharing the same
picnic table and if they have a place to
plug in their laptop and talk about your
dog hey which one is your dog it's kind
of a perfect place to meet people I I've
actually met good friends in the dog
park um I had a few other few other
ideas for that but I think I think I
might even call it the third
place I like the name so much uh i' call
it a third place dog
park yeah and just build it around the
human attraction but also you can take
your dog there wouldn't that be a good
idea anyway couldn't make money from it
as my neighbor my neighbor reminded me
yesterday when I was talking about
it
so where I live uh our local real estate
um let's say real estate um let's say
king and queen of the neighborhood
they're they're very uh and I say that
not as an insult they're just very good
at organizing things in the neighborhood
so I know I've met all of my
neighbors just through the fact that
they're they're fairly organized we're
all in a WhatsApp thing it's actually a
great
situation anyway uh can you believe that
overdoses are down and obviously we're
going to talk about Trump and Bronx and
all that later but overdoses actually
went down a little bit from 2023 down 4%
from 20 22 I don't know if this is real
it could be that they went down because
the pandemic's over the pandemic might
have been a high point for drugs could
be that uh all of our data is bad all
the time so it's not even real very
possible maybe they just start reported
it differently how about the fact that
more people are substituting weed for
stronger
drugs maybe I don't know maybe it works
the other way but I don't have data on
it
um maybe the government is giving out
fewer sub U
prescriptions so fewer people are
getting H um getting hooked maybe I
don't know but certainly there was
action in that direction but I'm going
to I'm going to offer the most uh
provocative idea for why maybe um OD is
went down a little bit for that one year
I think the most likely explanation is
it's we're we're off the
pandemic don't you 4% sounds sort of
like just coming off the pandemic High I
don't know if it's real but I would
offer this
possibility uh all the junkies are
dead you can't kill somebody twice there
might be a logical end to how much the
um how much the overdose problem can get
in other words there might be a natural
cap to it and we might have had
now let let me make a bad
analogy if you try to kill a a head
terrorist like a Bin Laden it's not
really going to stop things because
there'll be a second in
command if you kill the second in
command probably won't stop things
because it'll be a third in command but
in theory the quality of the terrorist
goes down every time you kill one you
know from the top down you bin l
perhaps he was really good at it you
elahi maybe he was really good at it but
when you get to maybe the fifth or sixth
terrorist down in the organization chart
I think it probably starts falling apart
like that fifth best terrorist isn't
quite good
enough but it could be that with the
that's a terrible analogy maybe the
worst I've ever done but um I think the
overdoses are limited to people who
would be
would have a propensity to it once you
run out of people who have a
propensity you don't make new
ones right there the people who are
never going to become an addict are not
going to wake up this morning and
something
changed they were born people were never
going to be addicts because there's
there is such
a um a genetic component to
this and if you take let's take
alcoholism alcohol is around 10% of the
public if alcohol killed
you at a high rate like fentol it does
kill you but at a higher rate like
fentanyl wouldn't you start running out
of
drunks I think you'd actually start
running out you know if the population
is become stable so it could be that
here's my favorite story of the day uh
explorers say they found what they
believe is the remains of World War to
Ace pilot uh who was down in a jungle
Ravine now he was fairly famous for his
exploits as a pilot but here's the best
part his name is Richard bong b o n or I
think his his friends probably called
him
dick and if I were going to be a World
War II flying ace and my name was Dick
bong I would feel like I was the coolest
person in the world well you know until
I got shot down and died in a ravine in
a jungle but until
then cool name so I will be celebrating
tonight in the man cave with the rest of
the local
subscribers and uh we will uh do
something I don't know what but
something that would be
appropriate to honor dick
bong maybe some tubin kind of a thing I
don't know you maybe you could come up
with an idea
well do you remember when uh Marjorie
Taylor green got into a little shouting
match in congress with uh uh eyelashes
Mickey uh her real name is
representative
Crockett I think it's Jasmine
Crockett and uh she was talking today
and there was some open
hearing and she was touting her uh
credentials she said I currently hold an
honorary
doctorate I also hold jur doctorate uh a
bachelor's degree uh she technically
holds the rank of lieutenant colonel in
the Civil Air Patrol and I actually
practiced law for almost two decades in
addition to serving on various boards in
addition to being a prior State
lawmaker so uh this was in the
context of telling somebody that she
doesn't understand why you have to
choose between uh qualified and diverse
because she's saying very clearly that
she has lots of
qualifications and she's diverse she's
black and she's female and so why can't
they just do more of that you know what
why why are you pretending that you have
to lower the quality of
people to get enough
diversity now she said that in public
which suggests that she doesn't
understand human motivation or how
anything works and and somehow doesn't
understand that systemic racism has made
it impossible to not choose between
diversity and quality because the
pipeline is too small has nothing to do
with anybody's genes has nothing to do
with
culture the school system does not
create uh a pipeline of people that
corporations need in terms of the the
talents so here's the problem
and again it's what Democrats don't
understand if there had never been
Dei if there had never been Dei and I
saw representative Crockett and I found
out that she had done all of these
things and also had gotten elected to
congress do you know what I would say
about her if there had never been
Dei I would have
said wow she might be more more capable
than everybody in Congress because if
she had to overcome things like being
black and being a woman in a in a world
where that was you know not a free pass
I would have said huh you know all
things being equal probably better than
average because you know potentially
maybe overcame more barriers to get
there but in the context of Dei I assume
that she does not belong in her job she
owns an honorary doctorate which is
complete do you know who own
who also has an honorary
doctorate Jerry Seinfeld you get an
honorary doctorate for giving a speech
as a college does she think we're stupid
enough to think that an honorary
doctorate is something she can mention
in as a part of her
qualifications how stupid would
you have to be to say you have an
honorary doctorate and that's part of
your
credentials uh now she also has some
kind of legal degree do we assume that
she got got that the real way by being
qualified no I don't assume that I
assume the opposite I assume the
opposite because we're in the context of
Dei and on top of that seems to not
understand the most basic element of the
topic that she was having an open
hearing on how dides she not understand
the most basic thing that the pipeline
is insufficient to get us all what we
all want I think everybody would be
happy if the pipeline was just full of
diverse candidates that were great and
then the companies would say that's
great and then you'd got to work with
all these gray people and you would not
see their color because you'd say uh my
coworker is just great I mean my
co-worker is nailing it if your
co-worker is doing a good job that's the
part you see realistically you know you
might be you might be Prejudice I I like
to say this a
lot discrimination only lasts until you
open your
mouth and then you get judged by what
the you say and that's it that in
the real world you can't discriminate
against somebody who's talking to you
because you're going to decide what you
think about them based on what comes out
of their mouth period period it doesn't
matter what happened the moment until
they open their mouth the moment they
open their mouth you're judging them on
what comes out yeah that's it and and I
don't think I don't think not everybody
understands
that I think the the people who are
worried about what other people are
thinking about them are sort of missing
the biggest part of
that that if you act like a good person
it's pretty much automatic that people
are going to like you and want to work
with you there aren't that many good
people if you're black let me give you a
an Insider tip about white
people there are not so many white
people that are
awesome that uh I have an unlimited
amount if you walk into my life and
you're just like a good person you're in
the top 10% without
trying it's not that hard it's not that
hard to get into my top 10% in favor of
people the bar is just not that high it
really
isn't all
right um so I would say that thing that
representative Crockett misses is that
she is she and anybody who is pro Dei
creates a situation where the assumption
is flipped from wow you must be extra
qualified if you made it through some
extra challenges to get here to you're
probably not qualified because we've
built a system to promote unqualified
people the system guarantees it because
of systemic racism limiting the pipeline
of applicants that you would like to
hire
all right Elon Musk being
uh it must be nice to be the richest
person in the
world BEC because there's just that
little extra bit of Freedom you
get so here's something that really
happened I could not have loved it more
so Elon Musk was on some kind of uh
online thing where he was taking uh
press calls vivatech 2024 in Paris and
uh somebody from Business Insider got up
a reporter to ask a question and here's
the here's the question she starts to
ask she says quote Tesla has had a bumpy
few months looking at of flagging sales
at home stock market decline layoffs
when you look back and musk interrupts
her he interrupts her in mids sentence
he says yeah we can stop the question
right now because I don't think Business
Insider is a real
publication okay the reporter replied
and sat
down then mus said so let's move on to
the next
question can can we take a moment to
slow clap that
out can can you just slow clap at
home I I don't know how much to express
how much I love
that what why in the world would he give
respect to something that's clearly not
a real publication all right Business
Insider is just now I think it
was sort of a little bit real at one
point but not
[Laughter]
now so more of that please more of
that I would like to suggest as my theme
today it does feel like things are
changing let me give you some hints do
you think I could have gone after
representative Crockett as hard as I
just
did even two years ago no somebody would
have grabbed it an a context and tweeted
it all over the place and tried to get
me
cancelled but now I can just tell you
what is useful and true I wouldn't say
it if it weren't useful I don't know if
everybody gets that you know even when I
got cancelled for saying get the F away
does everybody know that was trying to
be helpful for
everybody the of course the news looked
like it made it look like I'm targeting
one group nope is specifically was to
help that one group that it says I'm
targeting because if you don't know
what's true you cannot make
plans I'm telling you what's true what's
true is if you're going to do Dei I'm
going to try to get away from it if
you're creating a situation where you
say I've got your money and you better
give it back I'm going to run
away so you can't have it both ways you
can't have it both ways and now I can
say that out loud cuz I paid for it I
bought the ticket I paid full price for
the Free Speech ticket now I get to use
it
so all right um Thomas Massie being
awesome as usual is introduced a bill to
eliminate taxpayer funding for online
censorship yes
please and I'm thinking wait a
minute why why is it always the same guy
who comes up with all the good ideas are
you noticing the
pattern who who the hell did we hire for
congress if there's like one guy who
comes up with all the useful ideas it's
always the same
one like I'm glad we elected
accidentally one smart person now Rand
Paul is pretty great too but I like
Thomas
Massie so yes the Twitter as Massie says
the Twitter files showed the government
colludes with private companies and
universities to violate the First
Amendment yes proven and Congress must
use the power of the purse to make that
illegal yes
please that that's a yes yes yes yes yes
and better yet here's the best
part let's get people on record to be
against
it let's see who's against having the
government reduce your free
speech let's find out who's bold enough
to say yeah I would like to use the
government power to restrict your free
speech because we wouldn't want you to
get any bad information about the
pandemic right because that's the good
argument yeah we wouldn't want you to
get any dangerous information about like
Russia
collusion or or who or the real nature
of the Hunter
laptop yeah we certainly wouldn't want
any
misinformation all right Jonathan turle
is all over this story about the
so-called Hunter Biden sugar bro now I
mentioned this but it's such a head
Shaker and and totle is making a point
that the fact that the regular media
media you know the corporate media is
not treating this as like the big story
ever just sort of ignoring it tells you
a lot so this is dog not barking
situation so the situation I'm talking
about is there's this fellow named it's
a friend of Hunter Biden's who has given
him millions of dollars Kevin Morris and
he just says he's a friend he wants to
help no ulterior motive he's just likes
to give his friend millions of
dollars and apparently he gave his
friend all of his money because he
doesn't have any left that's what you do
for your friends yeah when you your
friend needs money you don't give some
money yeah you give them all your
money what what so Congress of course
wanted to talk to the sugar bro to find
out what the deal is and the CIA said
they had some relationship with the
sugar bro and said no you can't talk to
him
what wait
what we can't talk to the person giving
millions of dollars to the president's
son cuz see eia says you you you can't
know what that guy
knows maybe it's exactly what it looks
like I've been saying that a lot lately
maybe this story is exactly what it
looks like yeah like
uh like everything bad yeah it and if
you tie this together with the uh the
Mike Ben's view of the world that
Ukraine is basically a play to get the
uh energy resources from Russia has
nothing to do with Ukraine or Liberty or
democracy in fact we're not interested
even a little bit in Ukraine being
Democratic apparently that would just
work against our
interest so
uh there'll be more on that a little bit
in a
moment um it's a whole week of
complicated stories do you notice that
the news is really complicated now for
example there's a story about the Ecco
Health Alliance boss Peter
daik and apparently he's in big trouble
for some documents that have been found
that suggest there was some kind of
cordinated effort to hide the
involvement of the uhan lab if I have
that
right uh and they use apparently they
used the personally email to avoid
getting caught they there there's some
people involved who were deleting emails
ahead of time before they got foed and
the nature of the conversations that we
have seen suggests that they know they
were guilty and that they were trying to
hide hide it at least that's how it's
being interpreted I'll just say that's
how it's being
interpreted can't know their inner
thoughts so it looks like everything you
thought was true about the pandemic was
true it came out of the Wuhan lab it was
gain a function we were behind it
right America was behind
it everything and they covered it up so
every bad assumption you had about that
apparently was all
true
apparently now that's a complicated
story so I don't know if I have all that
Nuance there but that's a basic
idea uh there's a democratic consultant
who's been indicted for creating a deep
fake of Joe Biden's voice that did a
bunch of Robo calls and told people not
to vote
Stephen
Kramer so he's being charged with voter
suppression and faces up to $6 million
fines so that's the future the future is
uh people faking voices on rooc calls
but got
caught speaking of of AI voices you know
the story about Scarlet Johansson saying
that uh chat GPT illegally stole her
voice and had
they they hired somebody to sound like
her because she had declined the offer
to do it herself well it turns out that
this story is way more complicated than
you
thought because it's not so simple as we
stole your voice because the The Voice
they used is a real person who was not
doing an
impression and the real person says this
is new nobody's ever nobody in my real
life has ever told me I sound like
Scarlet Johansson
now do you believe that do you believe
that everybody who listens to it says oh
sounds like Scarlet Johansson but then
in a real life and nobody's saying that
it was altered voice it's a real voice
nobody told her she sounds like nobody
never
once I've been told I look like John
Denver and
uh about 50 other people I hear it all
the time and no nobody's ever said that
I don't know I don't
know so a open ai's uh story is that it
never intended to copy scarlet and
wanted her for it but they found
somebody who was not her that was just a
voice they liked and there you go that's
their version but uh this is going to
have huge implications for uh
Hollywood because what happens if you
can create people who sort of are in the
in the vibe of Scarlet Johansson is that
going to be okay what if you found what
if you created an AI that didn't look
exactly like her but was a highly
attractive blonde of the same age and
then you gave it a voice that was based
on not her but somebody who sounds a lot
like her according to other
people is that going to be
legal there's going to be massive
lawsuits about all this stuff so we'll
see I would just like to note because
the important part is my connection to
all stories that uh Scarlet Johansson's
husband once mocked me on
SNL she's she's married to Colin Jou
Jo so he mocked me about a year ago on
SNL so good luck with that guys there is
a study of uh brains they found there's
a part of the brain that might be
evolved with causing somebody to be a
narcissist let me tell you something
that I
realized
um uh maybe 40 years
ago I remember the first time I heard
that uh they found that the brains of
addicts and alcoholics in particular
were
different and they were saying hey we
think that alcoholism might have a
genetic
propensity to which I said what
I thought that was free will I thought
you either decided to drink or you
didn't are you telling me that your
brain might be different and that some
people cannot just decide not to drink
and that was the case then later people
said we found in the brain a part of the
brain that makes you more likely to be
gay and I said what I thought that was
just a choice you tell me that your
brain could be the you know decider of
in your genes could be the decider of
whether you're a born guay and then I
said to myself what's going to happen to
free will once we find and map all the
parts of the brain once you know that
there's a physical part of the brain
that causes all of our behaviors and you
can identify it and you go oh there it
is we just scanned you you got that big
narcissist thing in your brain oh that's
why you're acting that way or oh found
out you've got that tendency to be an
alcoholic there it is it's right in your
brain what are you going to think of
free
will when we identify all the parts of
the brain that cause all of our
actions well I I realized that that day
that the idea of Free Will would get
smaller and smaller as we got smarter
and smarter about what the brain does as
a
machine and here's and so here's the
newest one now now if narcissism can be
identified
and everything from intelligence to you
can even apparently even your propensity
to be conservative or liberal can be
identified in your
brain so if your brain has an influence
on these
things are you still clinging to the
idea that you have free
will because that idea is going to get
harder and harder to hold on
to harder and harder
all right um the debate over whether the
government was trying to kill to kill
Trump uh and have him assassinated by
including in their maralago raid uh
authorization they are authorized to use
deadly force if
necessary
and
um so there's some people who were
saying well it was just standard
procedure they just say that all the
time and there are other people uh Mike
cernovich Dan banino for example and uh
who say no you idiots that is not a
standard
procedure now how could it be standard
procedure but also not a standard
procedure well it turns out it can be
and Bonino gets to the heart of it by
asking this
question if you think it's standard
paperwork um would the DEA be allowed to
serve a search warrant on the White
House with armed agents in the cocaine
case why
not do you think that armed people with
authorization to shoot to kill would
have gone into the White House to look
into the cocaine situation and and by
the way in both cases there was full
cooperation on the physical part so at
moral Lago there was never any
indication anybody was going to resist
anything and Secret Service were always
in the communication they were always
talking to them never once said if you
come in here we're going to prevent you
in fact they negotiated so that there
would be no problems at all so the
question is if you knew there were going
to be no problems because you'd already
negotiated it why do you have to put
that in
there so I'm going to take a a middle a
middle view of
this I don't think somebody sat down and
said all right I got to plan to kill the
president here's what we're going to do
we're going to create this situation and
then we'll put this authorization in
there and then as soon as something goes
wrong will just start blazing away and
gun down the president I don't believe
that even for the slightest second
because nobody's nobody's that dumb but
did they create a situation where the
possibility would go from zero to
nonzero yes it does look like they did
that it looks like very much created a
situation where there was a nonzero
chance of killing him that did happen I
so I'm with Bonino on
that
um but I but I wouldn't take it so much
as they planed to kill him because if
they had planned to kill him it would
have gone down differently it would have
been more like more of a surprise you
know less of a negotiated
situation so
um and by the way I I like I say this
often but one of the things I always
value in Dan banino is his talent
stack he he's done one of the greatest
jobs of
assembling uh talents everything and
this is another one so he's got this
background in you know uh law
enforcement type stuff but on top of
that he knows politics and on top of
that he knows all the players and on top
of that he's great at the media
stuff so he's got the full
package and that's why he's doing so
well all right um so Trump went to the
Bronx and gave his big speech it was a
giant hit there were no real problems of
any scale it was all positivity um we're
all Americans doesn't matter what color
your skin is people were wild for him if
anybody thought he would get a bad
reception in the Bronx you were wrong
the crowd was the most diverse for a
trump crowd there were plenty of white
people but uh there were plenty of other
people too so plenty of Asians plenty of
blacks plenty of
Hispanics hey AOC seem to be flipping
out because remember I told you the
Andre Agy strategy where you don't go
after your opponent's weakest shot you
go after their strongest shot because if
you get lucky and you could you can make
them lose their confidence in their
strongest shot they're dead so you
basically can decapitate somebody in the
first set just by making sure you lose
they lose their confidence in their best
play so the best play that the uh
Democrats have is that the deepest
bluest
States absolutely cannot stand any Trump
anything so he went into the deepest
bluest place and blew their doors off he
Andre IAC see them you could see the
panic in aoc's um you know complaints
about him going there why would you even
complain about it like why would that
even be a conversation that somebody
running for president would visit a
highly populated area in America and
make his case but they had to complain
about it because he was going right into
the belly of the Beast they could tell
he was going for their fore hand he
wasn't going for their weak backand he
went right into the middle of the dragon
and it
up they now and I agree with some people
who say he's not going to win this
state he
might by the way I'm not I'm not on the
the page that he's not going to win the
state you do the part we can't predict
is how far Biden will fall between now
on Election Day you see the rate of
decline right have you seen a video of
Biden talking one year ago completely
different one year completely
different um we we'll talk about this so
Biden gave a a press conference very
rare apparently he had all the people he
was going to call out call on on a card
he gave them only one question a piece
because that's the one he was prepared
for and then he read his response as it
appears from a card in other words it
wasn't a press conference at all it was
a Q&A with written questions and written
answers he just stood in public and did
it do you think he would have had to do
that a year ago a year ago he might have
been able to Bluff his way through
although they were they were hiding him
a year ago but I think he could have
gotten through it today he is clearly
not capable of handling a question that
he's not that's not written in front of
him with the
answer that's completely different in
one
year what's he going to be by
November by November I don't even think
there'll be a choice it it could be a
really one person and one person who's
just not even going to be alive in a few
months so could Trump win New York I'm
going to say yes
I'm going to say yes but not because of
steady state it's because there's there
could be a big there's going to be a big
drop in Biden before November I think
his health will just fall off ledge I
think it already has and they're just
hiding it from us but it's going to be
hard to hide it for a few more months I
suspect that the Democratic National
Convention where Biden has to give a
speech could be really really touch and
go for the Democrats because I don't
think they trust them to be able to even
read the teleprompter at this
point imagine him going up there if it
happens uh and giving in his acceptance
speech and he does the mumbly
thing oh my God it's bad enough if he
does it just you know on a stump speech
but if he does it standing in front of
the whole country at the DNC and I think
he
will it's not a good
look uh apparently I don't know is this
true I need a fact check on this did did
Trump actually say at the Bronx rally
and I quote I don't eat bacon anymore
it's too
expensive he didn't really say those
words did he because I've been laughing
about it all
morning it sounds like something he
would
say in his normal hyperbole
we do assume that he can still afford
bacon but but if he said that it's
hilarious because I think the the
difference between Trump today and prior
Trump is that now we understand him like
we get him no you didn't mean literally
you can't afford bacon of course but is
it funny it's totally
funny yeah it's totally funny so that's
all we care
about so meanwhile Trump goes and does
by everybody's account everything
right now may I remind you
again that Trump's performance as a
candidate this time
around is unlike anything I've ever seen
I mean it's just all good all the way I
mean he's just doing one home run after
another I mean he's hitting Frozen Ropes
into the Outfield every every at bat is
crazy and this Bronx thing really
highlights that because he's not just
playing as safe if I told you he's made
no mistakes but he's also playing as
safe you'd say that's not the Trump we
want we're not looking for the play as
safe
guy so here he goes into the belly of
the Beast and the Bronx kills
it that's who we want we want the one
who can do the thing you think can't be
done we want the one who says why would
I be afraid of
that why would I be afraid of that
that's the one we
want meanwhile the governor of New York
hok um said that uh she referred to
Trump supporters as clowns during the
rally clowns have we noticed a
correlation that the Democrats think
that Republican an are pieces of
 it's a pretty clear pattern
yeah just remember that you have one
leader who is saying very clearly and
consistently we're all Americans we can
pull together and one who says we're
better off divided because that's kind
of what he's
saying Biden
anyway um here's something uh Biden said
in a post he says Donald Trump and his
Mega Republican allies don't care about
securing the Border or fixing Americans
broken immigration system if they did
they would have supported the toughest
border enforcement in history so it was
a bill that just got turned down by
mostly Republicans instead they put
partisan politics ahead of our national
security so here's my question first of
all you can see that he's dividing the
country by referring to magga Republican
allies now he's specifically talking met
the elected politicians but how do you
hear it I don't hear it that way I hear
that he is just saying if you're a magga
republican he wants to piss on your head
that's what I hear Do you hear it
differently I think he's in
insulting the citizens at the same time
he's insulting the people they voted for
the so-called Mega
allies so that's his usual piece of
divisive uh terrible president president
um framing that they are bad people and
there are good people and he's the good
people I guess do you do you think that
the Democrats are catching on this
obviously was a fake border bill that
had poison pills in it do you think that
the Democrats haven't figured
out that it's all theater and
 do they really think that the
Republicans looked at a perfectly good
border Bill and said we're going to turn
this down for the good of getting
elected I'm not saying they wouldn't but
it's not what
happened they didn't really have a
chance to look at a good border
bill I think it's strange that the
president's name is Biden at the same
time um we're all wondering the same
question on Election
Day will he still be
alive byen
what are the odds that his name would be
byen when all we're waiting for is if
he's still going to be alive by then
that's a weird
coincidence all right uh Biden also
posted or somebody did for him Trump is
not running to lead America he's running
for Revenge but you can't build a future
on Revenge I'm running to lead America
into the future what future is that the
one where you live for another four
months months and then we bury you well
what exact future are you talking about
old man who can't even do a press
conference you're not part of our future
you're just not in any way our future
but okay but here's my bigger complaint
he says uh Trump is not leading running
to lead America he's running for
Revenge Revenge is what I want revenge
is called the justice
system do you think the justice system
was set up for fairness no do you think
the justice system was set up to
rehabilitate people no it's Revenge
that's what it does and the and the the
risk of Revenge is the only thing that
keeps Society together why do you not do
bad things if you're a good person why
do you not do bad things cuz we're going
to get revenge on you we're going to put
you in jail if you don't want to call
that Revenge fine
you can call it a flower you can put a
different word on it but the justice
system is very much about revenge and
that's what makes it work and you know
what revenge is the animated the
animating part of it the part of the
reason that uh Trump has so much support
is that you put 2,000 people in
jail for a political reasons you're
trying to Jail the president for
political reasons and Peter Navaro is
still in jail so revenge is
going to be at the top of the menu
revenge is at the top of the menu and it
 belongs there because that's
what Justice looks like justice looks
like honest Revenge who else needs to
talk about let's not have Revenge did
anybody else have to talk about that do
you remember Jimmy Carter saying oh
don't do revenge on me do you know why
we didn't have to do revenge on Jimmy
Carter because there was no reason
do you know why we didn't need revenge
on Bill
Clinton there was no
reason there was no reason do you know
why nobody's ever talked about
revenge before
ever there was no
reason if he's talking about don't do
Revenge it's because he created the
whole
situation nobody's going to be talking
about revenge unless something really
really big and terrible it
happened and something big and
terrible is happening right now Peter
Navaro is still in
prison no you let Peter Navaro ENT
prison and the other 2,000
people you dropped this stupid lawfare
charges and we'll stop talking about
revenge but right now I want to see
hundreds of Democrats in jail I want to
see hundreds of Democrats in jail
minimum and we do have the goods I mean
completely within the legal system I
recommend no actions outside the legal
system yeah no no vigilante anything
don't do that but yes the justice system
has plenty of evidence of crimes at the
highest level so yes Revenge Revenge
Revenge
Revenge and every time you say don't do
it you remind us why we need to because
nobody else needs to even talk
that
way if you're talking somebody out of
getting
revenge revenge is called for cuz it
isn't even in the
conversation it's just not part of the
conversation until you up really
badly and you have Peter Navaro is still
in
prison Peter Navaro is still in
prison remember the
Elmo and yes you can build a future on
Revenge it's called The Justice System
speaking of Justice apparent the amuse
account on X tells us that there's
something called the 65
project uh and it's apparently mostly to
cancel anybody anybody was a lawyer
who's trying to help Trump and it's run
by David Brock and it's funded by George
Soros and it's uh as Muse says it's an
allout war on the sixth amendment to the
Constitution
Revenge
Revenge all right uh American American
first legal that's the
uh Republican oriented uh group that's
trying to create a counterbalance for
the in the legal system and is trying to
use legal means to get Justice in a
variety of ways that Democrats have
tried to take it away from you
but there's this new story that frankly
I do not
understand there's something about a new
document that's been undercovered some
Obama order from his days that's been
kind of secret that says that there
should be something about keeping copies
of all the classified stuff on a server
and the argument doesn't make sense to
me but maybe it does to you so I've
asked for a clarification but here's
what it sounds like
it sounds like America First legal is
saying that Trump's um legal
problems with the moral Lago
documents are not a problem because
there are also copies of them that the
government never lost they've always had
the copies now I don't understand that
do you why would that make any
difference if they have copies I assume
they had copies didn't you always assume
they had copies
would would the government in 2024 I
have a digital copy of everything
important that came across the the
government's desks I mean I just assume
so so I don't I don't understand the
importance of this but American first
legal is playing it as very
important so I've asked them to explain
it give me the dummies version of I
don't get it like why is this important
how's it how's it have anything to do
with anything so if they come up with
that I'll talk about it again but at the
moment all I can say is that people who
know more than I do about the law think
there's an important thing that happened
and I have no idea what it
is uh block the FBI from arresting
dangerous
Iranians
yeah that that's a boring story but I I
see what you're saying so there's some
story about John KY blocking the arrest
of some known Iranian
uh bad guys uh because he was trying to
get a deal done with
Iran is that the biggest crime in the
world here's the thing that might be
just real
politic meaning that if you're this
close if you're this close to getting a
deal that's a really big deal maybe you
don't arrest those people on Tuesday you
maybe you get the
deal arrest him a few weeks later so I
don't know how real that story is uh it
it's not that far from something I would
think is normal business but I guess I'd
wait for Dan banino to set me straight
on that so I guess I don't have enough a
hook into that story to care about
it um there's a report that the US and
the European Union are moving toward an
agreement for a massive loan for Ukraine
but their clever technique is they're
going to use Russian assets Frozen in
the west as
collateral here's the
thing I've been saying that our form of
government is not a
democracy of course it was designed to
be a republic you know federal republic
with Democratic principles but it's
really not that either it probably
hasn't been since the 50s we are
essentially a criminal
organization and
colonizers we're basically the board
trying to you know take everybody's
assets and apparently we've always been
that way that's what America is now if
that sounds like a
criticism here's the twist I don't think
there's a better form a
government because if you don't
coordinate your government with your big
capitalist
entities somebody else will and they'll
be your
daddy so unfortunately if you're not the
baddest criminal in the criminal world
you're going to get dead so being the
baddest of the criminals might be the
best form a
government maybe because you know I
think democracy has its issues too if
you let dumb people make big
decisions so I don't know but when I see
a story like this it just reminds you
that we're a criminal organization
trying to steal Putin's stuff you know
the the Mike Ben's take is that Ukraine
is really just an energy play and that
Hunter Biden is part of that with
barisma that's that's why Hunter was
part of barisma all part of the you know
the big Energy play to steal the energy
from Russia and since we couldn't get
all of their energy we're going to
settle for keeping their assets that we
could
freeze I mean I get that there's a war
going on but we're we're persecuting
we're Prosecuting the war like we're
just criminals we're just looking to
steal
 it it's hard to not see it as just
a criminal act against another criminal
and again if it sounds like if it sounds
like a
criticism believe it or not it's
not we seem to be a very effective
criminal
organization because we've overthrown
lots of governments we've got access to
lots of resources and other places and
uh maybe it's not working out so well in
Ukraine but you know it seems to be
proving the the
point but to me um so Putin has said
that he's willing to negotiate a
ceasefire along current lines of uh who
owns what now I say there's no chance of
negotiating until Trump gets there
because the Biden play it was never
about stopping a war
they're not really concerned with ending
War they're only concerned in stealing
Russia's energy game and if they haven't
done that and they think they still have
a chance they're not going to negotiate
so this basically they're going to save
the negotiations for Trump who as far as
I know does not have a massive interest
in a big energy deal or stealing things
in Ukraine so he could just say yeah
let's just end this
what when Trump says he could end it in
the
day I would bet against
it but I wouldn't bet against ending it
in a
month because I think he can get it done
in a
month and that ladies and
gentlemen brings us to the conclusion of
my prepared
remarks it all comes down to race and
religion somebody says does it
uh Trump didn't let zalinsky rip up the
M Peace Accords Biden did and that was
the start of the war you
think that's what you
think so
um all
right I had another topic but I think
too controver
IAL um I think we overestimated Russia's
willingness to
negotiate creating a
well here's what I think we should do I
would love to see Trump do a grand
deal where we just work out our
differences with the three
superpowers and just agree to rule the
world in peace and they can have their
part we'll have our part you know I
realize that taiwan's a problem
but at this point we are moving our chip
facilities out of
there and I think Taiwan knows that in
the long run there's really no way that
they could become they can't be
independent in the long run it's too
dangerous could you imagine China having
a major Ally in Cuba and you know being
right at our doorstep and I don't
know it it just seems to me that we're
fighting history if we're trying to keep
keep Taiwan out of Chinese
control here's what I think we should do
instead the had a good plan I think what
we should do instead is create a
hundred-year
plan do do the Hong Kong plan say you
know what why fight history in a 100
years sometime within that 100 years
Taiwan will be China but if you wait 100
years you don't have to worry about
microchips because something will be
very different by then
uh and it won't be you know depending on
Taiwan so I think if we said how about
we just agree now that there's it's
100-year plan and in the 100 years
Taiwan will figure out what its role
will be so there'll be future
negotiations of does it operate a little
bit independently compared to the
mainland nobody knows what the mainland
would even look like in 100 years you
you could have a you know a de democracy
in China in the 100 years Anything Could
Happen
so I think you do a 100-year plan and
just take the violence off the table
because if you're president
she and you know you got it back you
just won't be alive when it happens
that's a big
win and if we can take that off the
table then we can deal with China at a
much much better
level Hong Kong Island was eded to the
UK in perpetuity I don't believe that I
thought it was a 99e
elease Hong Kong had a 50-year plan that
the CCP removed yeah well it's a risk
but here's the thing Hong Kong didn't
really have a chance of staying
independent
forever Taiwan doesn't have a chance of
staying independent forever if it were
our hemisphere we would insist that we
had that much control and I don't know I
just wouldn't fight
history um many think it was a deal so
I'm seeing people say that the the The
Narrative of Hong Kong is all fake and
that they did not have a deal to give it
back I'm I'm doubting your framing of
that
uh I think it was 99 year lease and when
it ended the UK gave it
back so but I but I will note that there
are people who are saying that's not
true yeah a managed democracy with an
authoritarian streak the the one thing I
don't see is China looking like they're
they want to control other countries
except economically of
course but taiwan's
special so
I think something will happen there one
sooner or later it's going to happen so
I I think it's a deal that Trump could
make I think he could say look how about
Russia you making your money China you
making your money we'll make our money
and let's
play I think you could pull that off I I
I suspect that the biggest reason we
can't get along with Russia and China is
that we can't stop doing covert things
to each other continuously cuz we're
sure that the other is doing it too so I
know I'll tell you that the theory that
China is doing everything it can to stop
reproduction in America is looking
better and
better I don't think that that they're
that clever but
maybe all right that's all I got for you
and on YouTube and Rumble and X I'm
going to take a few minutes with just
the subscribers on
locals and uh I'll see the rest of you
tomorrow locals stay with me the rest of
you bye for now thanks for
joining
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for