[Music]
hello Rumble people in the house locals
in the house
too let's hear from somebody from
YouTube anybody here today from YouTube
want to make sure all the platforms are
on
board yeah I think you'll be here any
moment there we go YouTube on board
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams the best
thing that ever happened to
you if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that even AI
could never predict well all you need
for that is a cuper Mugger a glass of
tanker chelin a canteen Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dope mean end of the day
it's the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous zp
and it happens
now audio is working coffee machine
worked I feel like today might be my
day mhm
mhm all right uh we got lots of stories
today if you uh subscribe to the the
locals or on X you can subscribe to get
the dber comic you would know that doger
has opened his own uh
art gallery and money laundering store
he does them both art gallery and moneya
laundering so check that out on locals
or
x uh Bill Amman had a funny story so
investor Bill Amman now you might know
that he did an amazing job job in going
after the Harvard uh woke haers and
stuff and he got a lot of positive
attention for being somebody who was
willing to jump in there and fix a bad
situation but I can speak from personal
experience that as soon as you have a a
public win like that like you get
involved in some topic and you think
whoa I think I actually made a
difference you want to do it again
because the dopamine hit is so good wow
I actually changed something and then
people said hey good job feels good so
Bill alman's in Uber and the Uber driver
mentions that uh the Tipping doesn't go
to him but rather goes to Uber so bill
akman
now potentially a little bit addicted to
the buzz of tackling the big injustices
and getting them fixed decides to post
he says that uh he he tells the story
about how it's an injustice and Uber is
just stealing the money from the drivers
and they post that on X to once
again be a a benefit to the country uh
except that the reader notes on the
posts say that the system doesn't show
the tips until
later so apparently they do get the tips
but it goes through a system before it
gets to them so the the correction on
that is nope it's just bad reporting you
know the interface makes it look like
they don't get it but they do get it
later
so um certainly a trap I've fallen into
myself but let me state that bill
amman's one of the most useful citizens
in the country right now because he's
not running for
office and he appear apparently he's
trying really hard to be useful you know
may maybe this one was a swing in a Miss
but going to give him full credit anyway
I like the fact that he waited into it
anyway so if you think I'm going to mock
him because he got one wrong you know
sort of embarrassing in public nope I'm
going to go the opposite way he saw he
saw an
injustice he saw that the in his opinion
the Uber people couldn't fix it
themselves he has more
juice so he used his juice to try to
solve a problem for them it may have
been you know may have been a misstep in
the sense that he didn't have all the
information but let's do more of this
not less you know every every time
somebody with his level of power goes
after
Injustice that's probably a good thing
you maybe not everyone's going to be a
home run but uh let's get us some more
Bill lman not less but he may he may
have taken a swing too fast at that
one here's uh some more fake news from
the hill
listen to this a headline well at least
it's the way it's posted so this is the
the way it was posted on X from the hill
key RFK Junior adviser leaves campaign
alleging quote hateful and divisive
atmosphere now if you read that doesn't
that sound like the hateful and divisive
atmosphere is within the RFK Junior
campaign like like oh it's falling apart
he can't hire good people that's it
sounds like
right and then you read the story and
the story says basically just doesn't
like being involved in politics
anymore now is that the
same that that is really really
different to say that she's leaving
because the
campaign uh the way they're presented it
it would make you think that it's the
campaign where the ha the hateful
divisive atmosphere is but that's not
even close to saying that the whole
realm of politics is too filthy for her
to want to be part of it just fake
news uh more fake
news um so the the Senate is going to
vote on this bipartisan haha uh border
security
measure do I need to tell anybody here
that all major Legislation during the
last few months before election are
fake do you are you all sophisticated
enough to know that the Border bill is
fake without knowing any of the details
you all know that right the the purpose
for this kind of legislation is to
embarrass the other team when they turn
it down and the way you do that is you
give it a name that sounds like
something anybody would want hey how
about a bipartisan border security
bill that's exactly what I want I can't
think of anything I want more than a b
partisan security Bill yes yes yes yes
give me the bipartisan security
bill as long as I don't read the
details because that's where the poison
pills are the poison pills that make it
a big complicated thing that the public
doesn't know it's complicated they don't
really know what's in it they just know
the
title and the Democrats will cleverly
stick something in there that
Republicans can't possibly
support now if you had never had a
business education or business
experience you never would have heard
this term poison
pill if you don't know the concept of a
poison pill it's a it's a thing that
looks like it's attractive but on the
inside there's a piece of poison so you
better stay away if you didn't know that
concept you probably would not be
alerted to the fact that the legislation
is intended to be fake it's not even
designed to be passed it's intended to
be not passed by the people who made it
because they know that they can just use
it
politically here's another one that's uh
let's say in the category of maybe it's
exactly what you think it is there's a
lot of that lately a lot of stuff where
you say hm there's something a little
weird about this situation the only way
I could possibly understand it is if
something terribly corrupt is happening
sort of the only thing you could think
of that would explain what you observe
all right I'm going to give you an
observation see if you can come up with
any explanation for this that isn't
corruption or something you know in that
corruption like domain here's the story
The Washington Post the new
CEO who interesting interestingly is a
white
guy
so I guess I have to ask Jeff Bezos
were there no people of color that were
qualified to lead the Washington Post no
women now of course I'm just pulling his
leg but if you believe in things like
diversity I don't
know seems like an interesting choice if
you're living and working in that domain
but anyway good to see that a white guy
can get a good
job but the news is that uh the the
paper lost 77 million last year and
everything is trending bad so they lost
77 million they're in a dying
industry and everything is trending bad
there are fewer subscribers by far than
there were you know a year or two
ago so how do you
explain that Jeff
OS one of the notably best business
people in the history of the United
States maybe the world maybe the world
how would you explain that he would keep
something that loses $77 million a year
what would be the reason for that is it
because if you took the Washington Post
out of the mix there would be no
news no there's plenty of news if
anything there's too much so it's not
because it's necessary
and it's not because it makes money and
it's not because it's you know good for
the country in some direct or indirect
way the only reason you could possibly
think of it is that the CIA is forcing
him to do it because they have black
mail on Amazon do you know how do you
know what the government and the CIA in
particular could do to screw Amazon a
thousand different ways like a thousand
different ways so basically to me it
looks like an obvious case where Jeff
Bezos is literally being blackmailed by
his government that's what it looks like
can you give me any other
explanation the only other one is that
Bezos wants to do it for his own
purposes you know maybe get positive
coverage for Amazon but it doesn't
really feel like his
style does it I mean you've seen him
operating for you know decades now in
public he's very public
does it feel like his style that he
would just own a fake newspaper so they
he could Gaslight the country what about
that sounds compatible with anything you
know about Jeff Bezos nothing but what
about is what about the story sounds
compatible with the fact or the
possibility that the CIA or somebody in
the government is literally blackmailing
him and he just has to lose that money
every year to keep them
happy if the facts and I don't know
anything else that does I can't think of
anything else that would even come close
so maybe everything is exactly what it
looks
like that might be my theme for today
things are exactly what they look
like all
right uh in 2022 and maybe it's still
true um daily weed use exceeded daily
alcohol use now that part doesn't
surprise me and I wonder if the data is
real do you know what else happened in
the last few
years daily weed use went from you
better not talk about that too well
that's kind of
normal yeah don't you think that the
survey would be influenced by the fact
that the thing went from basically
illegal and you better not mention it to
oh everybody's doing it so there's no
problem if you mention it in the poll so
I would worry about the data but here's
the interesting part
apparently the number of people who
drink daily is around four well I I'll
just round off 15 million uh Americans
drink
daily I thought that was a lot more
didn't you did you know that
only that only 15 million out of our
30 what's the population now 340 million
something like that that that actually
seems
low and and I guess I must know a lot of
Alcoholics because I know quite a few
people who drink every day you know
usually like a drink after dinner sort
of thing or before dinner but uh I guess
I guess I'm impressed it's as low as it
is but weed is up to 18 million per day
using it daily again every time these
two things are compared uh you know that
your news is fake gaslighting
why why would you compare daily use of
alcohol a poison to daily use of
marijuana a medicine is there any other
situation in which we compare a poison
to a medicine say wow look at that
difference hey have you seen that uh
people who take uh Hemlock oil and well
I don't know what the people do people
who drink rat poison uh let's compare
those to the people who take Aspirin for
their sore muscles let's see who's doing
better
it doesn't really make sense to compare
poison to medicine now I get that not
everybody uses weed is using it as
medicine totally get it but wouldn't
that be true of a lot of
medicine painkillers for example
perfectly legitimate use for painkillers
but people use them
illegally all right Community notes is
working according to a Bloomberg study
now this I did not expect to see so uh
Elon Musk was um boosting it as well so
imagine Bloomberg a news agency looked
into whether the community notes on X
are helping and they said uh that the
community notes were perceived as
significantly more trustworthy than
traditional simple misinformation
Flags
um so it's better than things on X they
they don't go so far as to say it's
better than the news
but did we have any recent uh experience
that would suggest that people who are
on X are better informed than people who
are not well here's an example of
someone who says uh that they don't use
social
media Bill
Maher Bill Maher just humiliated himself
on his book Tour by showing that he
didn't know basic facts about the news
when his entire business is talking
about the news
why well he's told us that he he keeps
his news consumption to a very small set
of things which none of them lean
right H so not only is it a small set
but it only leans One Direction and in
my experience everything that I know
that's real came from
X so the only thing the only reason I
understand let's
say um Hunter and the BMA situation is
because of Mike
Ben with and he's on X and I could go
down the line you know is it Colin rug
is it Mike cernovich is it um you know I
probably
saw five to 10 people this morning just
this
morning oh Dan banino talking about what
is common uh process for uh you know
authorization of of using your gun on a
on the search and a raid these are the
things that the regular news is
completely blank on I I don't know
anything until I see what the
independent say the independent voices
so everything that bill Mah didn't know
such as Hillary Clinton was a election
denier that on January 6 there were no
cops killed by the uh by the so-called
insurrectionists and you know there were
a few other things and I think every
yeah yeah Jack babc other great sources
so there's a community of I'd
say maybe 20 different independent or
not in the traditional corporate news
you know field that
are pretty much the only ones who know
what's happening and say it
honestly so if you don't have access to
that world you really don't know what's
going on you really don't
and I would I'm going to add myself to
that
list let's see if I can get a
confirmation on this because it sounds
like I'm just patting myself on the back
which I
am what I do where I talk about the
persuasion element of the
news is that not additive and do you see
it anywhere else I mean every now and
then they'll have a guest who will say
something about persuasion but generally
speaking there's not somebody who kind
of covers it every day so so I feel like
that's additive and I'm not part of the
traditional news you know
field so yeah you miss all the good
stuff if you're not an X that's a
fact um there are now uh robot
Laboratories that're automated so the
robots can just test lots of different
things and just kind of grind it out I
uh have a friend who I think he's
retired now but he used to do a side
work doing uh testing for big Labs so
they would contract him to do a bunch of
tests in his own little personal
laboratory now the nature of the test
where they just say uh we've got you
know 20 things that we think might be
good for killing cancer you know maybe
some naturally occurring things that
sort of thing can you just test them all
so he basically would have a bunch of
test tubes and you know he'd be like put
a put a little drop of this in this one
and you know wait a month and see what
happened
and it was just brute force it just took
a human X number of hours to see if
anything happened in those test tubes
but that's all automatable robots could
do that 24 hours a day so it does seem
to me that even if the robots don't
achieve super intelligence you know
so-called AGI even if they don't become
so smart that they can invent things on
their own they can still invent things
through Brew Force because the robots
will simply be able to iterate faster
than we can well that didn't work try
this that didn't work try this which is
mostly where Innovation comes from so
that's
interesting um there's a study that
shows why
gratitude makes you feel
better now apparently this is the way
hypnotists like to think or at least the
way I like to think I don't think of
humans as this bag of magic like well
they got feelings they've got souls and
their spirit and bunch of magic in there
with their free will like I don't say
the world that way I say the brain is a
machine and all the parts of the machine
have their own little role so when
somebody explains something to me uh as
to why something works or doesn't work I
don't want to hear about somebody's
feelings I want you to tell me which
part of the brain gets activated if you
can tell me that I'll think well that's
real you know in an engineering sense if
you can do this thing that that
activates one part of the brain or gets
it to experience some neuroplasticity
then I understand that as a machine and
not a bunch of magic and that's good
here's an example of that I always
wondered how gratitude
worked you know how every expert seems
to say if you Express gratitude it makes
you feel better it's a it's a way to be
mental illness basically and now they
have some ideas or some testing found
out why that is
that when you Express gratitude they can
measure what it affects which part of
the brain and it goes right to the part
of the brain and the prefrontal cortex
which is responsible for uh
dopamine so they can actually measure
now this is very cool I'm very excited
about it they can determine that the act
of gratitude let's say just writing in a
journal all the things you're grateful
for they can actually see which part of
the brain lights up and they know that
that's the dopamine
maker now that now that's some science
that's the science I want now I'm hoping
it stands up and it's real but I'm going
to I'm going to extend this so you know
that dopamine is what makes you feel
good and can cure some of your mental
illness right if it's you know not the
serious mental illness but I'm going to
take this a little bit further have you
ever noticed that if you're in a good
mood things around you look like they're
going in the right direction and if
you're in a depressed terrible mood it
feels like your reality itself is all
negative right so you you know from your
own experience of being happy versus
unhappy that the world looks
different so I'm going to I'm going to
suggest that dopamine is is what gives
you a subjective reality that's a better
one that when your dopamine's high you
just see everything positively because
reality is
subjective and since you live fulltime
in a subjective reality you don't get to
go vacation in the other one you only
live in the one in your head that you
created of the world and then you go out
in that world but you created it because
you're experiencing it within the model
that your had created that's how you
experien it so I think dopamine is the
illusion is the illusion drug
I think dopamine changes your
perception that everything's working out
even if it isn't and the lack of
dopamine makes you think everything's
bad even if it
isn't so you should learn how to boost
your dopamine we know we now know all
different ways to do it you know get
outside do some lifting uh don't eat too
much sugar do some
gratitude you know be in a relationship
hug some people yeah we know how to do
this now so if you want to change um
reality that's cool if you can do it but
most of us just have to live with the
reality that's here so you can change
the reality into a positive reality as
you experience it just by
gratitude now I've I've actually
experimented with this it totally works
and it's almost instant the the form of
gratitude that I prefer
is if I'm in a a deep Funk every now and
then it happens um I can get out of it
by randomly doing something really good
for somebody who didn't expect it now
that's not gratitude per se but I'm
positive it's the same part of my brain
because you can almost feel it in the
same
part and it just boosts the dopamine
takes you right under of your depression
so try this NE next time you have like
you're just in a funk just make your
body do something good for somebody who
wasn't expecting it Watch What Happens
you'll be instantly into a different
reality Nvidia announced record 26
billion in
Revenue um I don't like to give
investment advice but I'm going to give
you some generic investment advice first
of all I do own some shares in Nvidia
but I'm not one of the smart people who
got it when the getting was good I got
it a couple months ago and and it's been
great now this is not investment
advice but I'll tell you something
that's sort of a generally good thing to
do you should probably invest in the
strongest company in whatever industry
looks to be in its beginning stages and
Unstoppable if you now that doesn't mean
Nvidia last R because someday they'll
have good competitors but if you had
invested in IB M when computers were
just coming on well that would have been
the greatest thing anybody ever did if
you had invested in Tesla when there was
not yet an electric car but you were
sure it was going to happen that would
have turned out well it was the best
company in in a growing space if you had
invested in uh Apple when Apple you know
built the smartphone my God would you
have made money cuz you could tell as
soon as you saw the smartphone oh we're
not going back right you knew we weren't
going backwards and they were the best
ones in the space one of the two so
Nvidia is the strongest company in the
most important industry maybe that will
ever happen in the history of
humankind does that make it a good
investment not by
itself so if you're not Diversified
don't be investing
you should diversify because here's the
thing that the the thing that you can't
guard against is that there's some uh
Bad actors in the company that's the
thing you never know well maybe they've
been lying about their profits and you
don't find out for a year maybe you know
there's somebody crazy maybe there's a
sex scandal that'll bring them down you
never know and maybe somebody has a
better technology that they're already
inventing in the lab that will
completely make the company unnecessary
but it's not going to happen right away
so don't be surprised when the strongest
company in the strongest industry that
might be the most important industry of
all
time don't be surprised when that goes
up in
value all right uh funny story today
there's a viral story about a young
woman she went on a date she's 27 that
guy she dated was 35 and she was trying
to ask people opinion about how to
interpret the text that she got from the
35-year-old the next day CU she can't
tell if this is an age difference you
know Millennial versus Gen X she's not
sure what this text means here was the
text the only text sent by the
35-year-old man the day after he dated
the 27y old woman quote hey had fun last
night have a good day
and uh she's wondering uh if he wants to
see her
again I'm going to add this to the you
could have asked
me
no no he doesn't want to see you again
you bored the out of him he had no
chemistry whatsoever he doesn't dislike
you he doesn't dislike you but no
chemistry whatsoever
you know you you've probably seen that
there's a lot of uh uh relationship
experts on Instagram and probably on Tik
Tok and a lot of the men especially say
you should not act interested in a woman
because then she'll lose
interest so do you think this is someone
who just watches a lot of social media
and
intentionally uh in is intentionally
going under the enthusiasm level because
it had exactly the effect that the
experts
say she apparently is obsessed with this
guy because he did not give her the
attention she thinks she
deserved she's obsessed with him so much
so that it became a viral thing he
basically just completely just put her
in her
place here's how to interpret this he's
either the most clever manipulator and
he's just waiting for you to beg for him
to come back so he can get everything he
wants
maybe totally possible because it's it's
almost written like it was almost a
prank like just to see what would
happen it doesn't feel like a like what
a regular person would say but let me
tell you what would happen if somebody
were being honest and they had had a
good
time hey I had a great time last night
not I had
fun and then have a good day would be I
hope you have a great
day but I had fun last night have a good
day it's kind of
hilarious so should she fight to get him
no no let that one go because he's
either a manipulator or he has no
interest in you whatsoever which one of
those do you
want all right remember the Terrence
Howard story uh so Terrence Howard was
on Joe Rogan and uh he has a whole bunch
of
scientific groundbreaking things that
even Einstein couldn't think of and some
people said to me
Scott is this just crazy talk or is he
the smartest person in the world and I
said well I don't understand anything
you said but generally the smartest
people in the world
can make you understand their argument
that's part of being smart and he
couldn't make any body understand this
argument so today a German physicist
weighed
in Sabine Hassen Felder so German
physicist and she says I don't
understand why this nonsense ever spread
so far or why anybody is taking it
seriously but if you need someone to say
it's all nonsense here we go it's all
nonsense so it looked like nonsense to
me I'm going to add this to you could
have asked
Scott you didn't really need to the
professional physicist on this one but
I'm glad we got the
confirmation here's another one you
could have just asked me there's a study
that finds that mental disorders can
spread between teenagers so in other
words mental illness is
contagious by
association doesn't necessarily mean
there's any you know physical thing
being transmitted but obviously by
association now specifically not every
kind of mental health But anxiety mood
disorders and eating disorders now who
could not have predicted that if you
hang around with people who have food
disorders you're more likely to get one
is there anybody who didn't know that I
you could have asked me I knew it is
there anybody who has ever watched Tim
Ferris say one of his most important
life rules is that you are the average
of the five people you hang around with
well if the if the five people you hang
around with the most have mental illness
or eating disorders or anxiety you don't
think you're going to pick up a little
of that of course you are because
they'll be talking about anxious things
all day and it'll just become the model
that you go to for
yourself um
yeah so does Tik Tock cause kids to have
social anxiety and eating disorders yes
of course it does do you think that they
need to do do a study to find out that
mental illness can be spread by
association it's
obvious yes yes not just mental
disorders but every kind of habit and
way of life and thinking everything yeah
we are imitating species you putting me
next to somebody who's a if you if you
made me hang around with five serial
killers every day for a year I I might
do some serial killing I mean I'm not
inclined to do it at the moment but if
all my friends were talking about how
great it
was I'm just normal I might want to give
it a
shot no I wouldn't but I'm using an
exaggeration did you know that if your
friends are overweight you're more
likely to be overweight I've written
about this before did you know that if
your friends are overweight you're more
likely to be overweight now some of it
is you're not competing with them right
if your friends were looking great you
might say oh I have to compete with that
and look great too but if they've just
sort of given up and they're the ones
you spend most of your time with well
are they going to judge you if you gain
a few pounds no not at all so the people
you hang out with will actually cause
your body to look different and they
will also say hey you want to get some
McDonald's when you were thinking you
didn't want some McDonald's but you want
to go along with them because they're
your friends so while you get there you
get some french
fries yeah it's really easy to see how
how being overweight is
contagious um anxiety you can see how
anxious people make you anxious and you
could also you also wonder
about uh if your friends are seeking
therapy and they get it don't you think
you're more likely to seek therapy if
otherwise you would have said you had no
mental illness don't you think there are
people going to therapists who wouldn't
have even thought of it except their
friends are going of course yeah it's
all contagious and that's why Tic Tac is
ticktock is uh fueling a uh youth Mental
Health crisis which Nebraska says
because they're suing Tik Tock and his
parent company claiming that they target
minors with addictive design that's
fueling a youth Mental Health crisis
could have asked me I've been saying it
for five years so almost all of this
news on health is stuff I've been
telling you for
years um and then I have
this
hypothesis I believe that watching MSNBC
news makes the viewers have mental
illness now some of it is because you
know it's scary so that's true of all
news makes people afraid because it's
scary but on top of that the hosts
themselves appear to have obvious mental
illness you don't think that that that
that rubs off on the
viewers I think MSNBC
is so obviously full of mental ill
people that when you watch it whether
you think of them as mental ill or not
you start to model them there's no way
you can turn that
off the the again the the five people
you hang around with are the ones who
cause you to look feel and think the way
you do if you watch Ms NBC all day
you're going to start looking and
feeling like them you would literally
start dressing like Chris Hayes and r
madow who basically dressed the
same right so it's very common that you
would start acting like looking like
feeling like the people that you're most
associated with so MSNBC is
literally
unhealthy and I think I could say that
with confidence and there's no hyperbole
it's literally
unhealthy I five minutes of Joe Scarboro
mental illness just makes you feel like
you're sick when when you walk
outside
um rasmuson did a poll said Which
presidential candidate makes America
feel safer and it's Trump by mile so 49%
say Trump makes them safer feel safer
40% say Joe
Biden um could you use this to predict
the outcome of the next election yes you
can because the strongest predictor of
persuasion is fear
and people are far more afraid of Biden
as president that alone if you only knew
one thing and you going to bet on it the
the difference in what scares people
about the next president is should be
completely
predictive so I'm going to say that if
this number stayed the same to election
day there's really actually no way that
Biden could win this is the strongest
persuasion fear you can't be fair
there's there's nothing now the only
thing that could beat it would be maybe
Identity or you know some something like
that but it's even hard to see how that
works because the Democrats don't even
have a common identity now so
Republicans do right we we don't really
take the never trumpers too seriously
because they just seem like weird little
trolls but the Republicans are kind of
all the same kind of viewpoints
but Democrats have splintered into just
completely badshit crazy groups and then
other groups are saying oh man I'm
embarrassed to be in the same
party so there's an identity problem
that can't be fixed on the Democrat side
because what is their identity do you
know what would be the identity of a
Democrat not really sure are they in
favor of
trans because many aren't I mean they're
all in favor of trans I would say I'll
say in favor of laws that would be let's
say preferential to trans that would be
the better way to say it um I'm in favor
of trans by the way I'm in favor of
people living their adults anyway I'm in
favor of adults doing what they want to
do if it doesn't bother me so very much
in favor of anybody who's different
basically I I have a natural inclination
to automatically like anybody who's
different so you know I'm just a
automatically protr if they don't bother
me or anybody else anyway um so that's
the first thing fear should be
completely predictive if it stays at
that level now that's why the Democrats
are trying so hard to say that Trump's
going to take your bodily autonomy and
your freedom away because they're trying
to find something that sounds scary and
they literally have to make up a
fear when people say they're more afraid
of Biden they're not making that up it's
not because somebody made up a fake fear
they're watching him perform they know
he's the commanderin-chief and they know
he can't handle the job it's really
really obvious at this
point well how about this the economy is
of course the other big thing and
there's a also a poll that says most
Americans see the US is in an economic
recession and the majority blame Joe
Biden so although we're not in a
technical recession if you factored in
inflation would we be actually I don't
know the answer to that I think it's yes
if you factored in
inflation would we be in a technical
recession right now because I feel like
that's what people are feeling in their
real life but if you looked at the
Topline numbers it doesn't look like a
recession
so the reason that the Democrats are
confused about why the public is not
recognizing that the economy is so
wonderful is that unlike unlike the
public the top Democrats have good jobs
and and the money is flowing in you know
if you're Jen saki her career looks
pretty good she's probably had a good
year this this year economically so no
they they're they are economically um
uneducated so they look at the Topline
number and they don't understand that
the country thinks they're in a
recession because in every obser
observable experiential way they
are just not
technically all
right uh 55% of the respondents in the
poll who was this who Harris poll 55% of
respondents think the economy is
shrinking that the
economy is shrinking now again I ask are
they
right if you if you consider
inflation is
it is the stock market up or is it only
up because of
inflation I don't
know anyway Elon mus asked uh today on X
if he should make a phone should there
be a an X phone to which I
say I don't know I'm not sure if he
could pull it off and be competitive
with the other phones but if he could I
don't know who would be better at it
it's
interesting uh Rick Scott's running for
uh Senate leadership I guess um for the
house Le yeah speaker of the house so
he's running against let's see the
people who've announced
are uh John th and from Idaho in Texas
is John
cornin so of those three I don't really
know much about any of them
really but they all seem like kind of
standard
Republicans um are you following this uh
Alito house upside down flag thing that
some people say means they're in in
favor of insurrection but other people
say it's the worst dumbest hoax in the
world
and I'm having trouble getting
interested in it it's reminding me of
the overfeeding the koi fish in Japan
it's like yeah yeah it's true they
happened but I can't I just can't get
interested in how a supreme justice you
know decorated the outside of her house
with an upside down flag I think it was
something you know just complaining
about recent events or something so
that's mostly fake
news so MSNBC no I guess um NBC and CNN
have both done this with their guests
forc them to answer the question uh in
2024 will you certify the election or
will you you know will you agree with
the election results yes or no and Ted
Cruz is on there and Caitlyn Collins on
CNN ask them insists that he must answer
this yes no question will you accept the
results now is that the dumbest yes no
question of all time it's not yes no
it's not let me give you an for instance
if on election ction day the average of
all the polls have Trump up by
10 and he loses narrowly no I'm not
going to accept that election
are you kidding me in fact the the way
you should answer this question is well
Caitlin let me ask you a question
hypothetically if there was a 10-point
difference in the polling on Election
Day and yet mysteriously votes came in
in the middle of the night and Joe Biden
won by a squeaker
would that sound legitimate to
you I I would turn the question
around and just say would you think that
was okay suppose uh suppose Trump was up
by 30 points and Biden was on his
deathbed and suppose everybody knew and
then and then he won the election by a
squeaker should I complain about that if
it were to happen what do you think so I
thought I thought you know did his usual
Ted Cruz he's always he's always good at
this I mean Ted Cruz has argued at the
Supreme Court several times he's not the
guy who's going to lose a
debate on TV like that's not GNA happen
but because she can sort of talk over
him and you know do her nonsense until
you run out of time he can't be as
effective as he could
be in a different
circumstance so I'd like to see the
Republicans learn how to uh shove that
in their faces a little bit better what
Ted Cruz said was he started with it's
not a yes or no question and I felt that
was
weak he should have laughed at
her he should have mocked
her when Memorial day is over it's time
to get serious about this
election and you don't need to Lock and
Load that's dangerous and we don't want
any suggestion that that there would be
any violence but you can Mock and me
so don't Lock and
Load Mock and meme this question should
be mocked not given not given
consideration so the question is he
shouldn't say it's not a yes or no
question you should say well let me put
the question to you if Trump's up by
20 and Biden's on his deathbed and he
wins in the squeaker would you question
that and then she'll say whoa but but
but that didn't happen well that's the
question you asked me
 why did you ask me that question
why don't you why don't how do you like
it if I ask you why don't you ask that
 why don't you answer that
question I've got an idea how about I'll
answer the question then you answer the
question let's see how you do on this
gotcha question now that would be that's
now that would be mocking and Ming you
got to mock it and meme it
um okay I shouldn't laugh at this next
story but it is funny christe gnome went
from huh I think she could be vice
president to having the worst month that
any politician ever
had so it just gets worse so you know
that there was the allegations of having
a fair and that was bad enough and then
there was a the thing about her book
book saying that she shot her dog and
that was terrible and then the thing
where her book said she met Kim Jong-un
but that looks like it was just made up
by a Ghost Rider and that's really
embarrassing and
then here's the
kicker she's banished in more than 20%
of her own State because she said some
things that the Native Americans don't
like so she's not allowed on their uh on
their reservations anymore
the governor of the state and she's
banned from traveling in 20% of her own
State now I don't know if this happened
organically or if maybe Democrats you
know got to the the Native American
leaders and said hey why don't you do
this for us maybe you know you never
know what's behind the scenes but she's
got she's having the worst month I've
ever seen so I wish
well um she'll get over it but wow
that's a lot of stuff in one
month uh Elon Musk was boosting a post
on X that showed uh that Asian women now
earn more than white men so it's a
fairly recently the the curves crossed
and some people are saying it's a
narrative
killer
because if Asian women
can make more than white
men why does anybody else complain if
they can do
it
right doesn't that settle all of our
questions doesn't that tell you that
anybody's complaining that they can't
succeed well Asian women thank you you
just prove that you can now you might
say to me but what about Asian men well
they make more than both of those
categories so Asians seems to help um or
or at least doing what Asians do seems
to help let's put it that
way it's going to be hard to ignore
that really hard to ignore
that now I I'll add my I'm going to add
one anecdote to this right now anecdotes
don't prove anything how many of you
knew that dilber has been drawn by an
Asian woman for the last several years
how many of you knew
that did you you know that that Dilbert
is drawn by an Asian woman my art
director so I do the first draft you
know I I rough out the art but then the
the final drawing is done by her now
again this is just
anecdotal I've never had a better
employee or even seen one in my whole
life so I've been working with the same
person for years do you know how many
times she said no I can't do
that zero do you know how many times she
complain about something that would make
me go H why are you complaining about
this
zero not a single
complaint not a single no I don't know
how to do that she just figures out how
to do it I I've thrown all kinds of
stuff at her she just says yes how many
you know I have a deadline every day
right how many deadlines has she missed
in it's been several years now I can't
remember the exact number of years we
worked how many deadlines has she
missed
[Laughter]
zero so I mean it's anecdotal it's
purely anecdotal but I mean I've never
seen a better employee just total fire
uh she asked she asked for a
raise I gave her more than she asked for
because cuz I thought you could have
asked for more so here's a little extra
like like that's how good of an employee
she is best employee ever I I have to
remind myself like once a month to
Sender a message to say you know you
don't hear from me much that's because
you're
perfect like not hearing from me you
should interpret that as the best
possible thing that could possibly
happen I'm just so happy so there's my
gratitude boost my dopamine it worked I
actually feel better right now so
remember I told you at the beginning
that when you show Gra gratitude it
boosts your dopamine I can literally
feel the dopamine right now for having
expressed gratitude for my amazing
employee you can I can actually feel it
like I can feel it in my arms like it's
actually like my you can feel your whole
body it's instant it's quite amazing but
if you've never tried this you really
should bonus yes I I I told her recently
that I'm going to give her bonus because
she she's done about twice as much work
this year as normal because of the me
getting cancelled so she had to pick up
some jobs that were not normal your
jobs all
right um Mike Ben is breaking the world
as
usual so
um this is a great post by Mike Benz he
goes I will put my nuts on the table and
double doggy dare right now the
Republican house intelligence committee
to get a gang of eight you know just
collect some of their best people to go
into a skiff that's where the secret
secrets are tomorrow to review all
classified CIA files with the
keyword
barisma and you tell me whether they
come out white as a
ghost so Mike BS is telling us that
barisma is is the
uh the Rosetta Stone if you understand
um burisma's connection to Hunter Biden
and you understand its connection to
Ukraine and the Ukrainian war and you
understand its connection to the
Atlantic Council and the CIA and all
that it's everything you need to
know and according to Mike Ben if you
knew the real story about burisma it's
really a larger CIA deep State I don't
know who it is um effort to take the
energy business away from Russia and to
own it with Western companies so it's
not just to defang Russia by taking
their money away but to make some
Americans get richer by stealing that
business and apparently barisma was a
key to making that
happen how do you spell
barisma bu r i s m
a burisma was I pronouncing it wrong
anyway um I would love to see that so I
will boost the Mike Ben's message yes
maybe maybe some Republicans need to get
in that skiff and take a look at the
barisma stuff but it seems to me that if
there really is the bad behavior that we
think what do you think would happen to
that all that uh alleged material that
might tell you some bad stuff happened
do you think those documents would be
lost huh well according to our files we
have a whole bunch of emails that should
be about bisma but when we checked they
seem to be accidentally deleted last
week yeah I can't I can't imagine that
the bad guys would let their documents
or or that it would ever be on a
document so I'm not sure you would
really find what you're looking for but
the larger point is right that it seems
to be kind of obvious now you can see it
all that Ukraine was an OP it's not
about stopping Russia per se that Hunter
was I guess Hunter's Sugar Sugar
bro won't be uh interviewed because the
CIA was going to stop it and people are
saying
CIA why is the CIA stopping anybody from
talking to Hunters sugar bro well it's
exactly why why you think because
whatever Hunter Biden is up to it's what
they're up to so apparently there's
something working together that's going
on
there um there's a new memo or messages
that the uh the Republicans got a hold
of that says that uh this is the house
Ways and Means Committee and it proposed
a meeting in New York City between the
boss of a Chinese Energy company and Joe
Biden now that would be what Hunter
Biden swore under oath to Congress it
wasn't happening and now there's a
document saying it was very much
happening which would mean he should go
to jail for lying to Congress do you
think that'll
happen no nobody thinks that will
happen uh Biden's got a new Mumble video
and I
quote
um Let Me Close of this after I
and I handed the pen that I
signed the most person and that's a
direct
quote so that's what's running against
Trump and somebody's going to ask you if
Biden wins are you going to question the
election yes if this mumbling
 wins I'm going to question every
single vote he got
I'm going to question more than the
election I'm going to question the
sanity of anybody who actually voted for
him for real but I'm definitely not
going to believe the results of the
election let let me say it as clearly as
I possible if this idiot wins
the election unless there's some massive
new information we don't know between
now and then if this idiot wins
no there's no way you're going to
convince me the election wasn't rigged
no way let me say that as clearly as
possible if this idiot
wins there isn't any way you going
convince me that was
real so you should give up on that bad
guys who I know are listening right now
oh I know some of you are listening I'm
pretty sure you're watching all the
people who talk about all the things so
no no we're not going to believe that so
you better come up with a better plan
you better replace him because if you
win with that
guy no I'm sorry no that's not a real
election and nobody's going to believe
it even even Democrats won't believe
that meanwhile uh AOC is quite panicked
uh because of trump going to give a uh
do an event in the Bronx now the Bronx
would be you know her area and she wants
to make sure that everybody hates Trump
and she's uh really kind of all that
worked up against it but I remind you
that Trump seems to be doing what I call
the Andre Agy strategy instead of going
to all the places that he knows he'll do
well or just automatically no risk he's
taking the risk and he's going out there
strongest
base he got kicked out of New York
basically he had to move to Florida for
safety he's going to take your
State I I don't know if anybody's
figured this out yet about
Trump but he doesn't like small wins
he's not the small wind guy he's not the
oh I had a good tweet we're done now no
he's going to he's going to take the
Bronx how much do you love
that now I can he do it I don't
know I think maybe you know we're down
to single digits in the New York City
area which is ridiculous to imagine that
he got he's that close and New York he's
actually going to try to take the whole
T
Town God I love that I love that there
there's a certain amount of male
aggression that is so sorely missing in
the country right now at least the good
kind you know not the violent kind but
to watch somebody look at the the
dragon and say I think I'll go into the
dragon's mouth and try to rip its tongue
out like I just could watch that all day
day long so go to the
Bronx God your advisers are
good again I don't know exactly who's
advising Trump or even how much how much
impact they have right the the credit
always has to go to the candidate
because they get to say yes or no so it
doesn't matter who's
advising Trump is still making the right
decisions I mean just just great
decisions and I think there's a great
advisor or two or three there's
something going on completely different
than 2016 that this is smart smart smart
and more smart it's just fairly
consistent and we are reaching now what
I call the fourth gear fourth gear is
going to kick in hard uh after Memorial
Day everybody's going to be lying and
gaslighting and arguing and debating and
getting excited and that's when I'm
going to put the pedal to the metal
too and and I'm going to make it my
personal mission to debunk the uh fine
people hoax in the most debunk debunked
way
ever do you know what happens when you
ask chat
GPT if president Trump called neo-nazis
Fine
people I bet you don't
know but you're going to find
out you're going to find out the biggest
risk of AI is that it knows the
hoaxes I can tell you that if you ask
the right
questions chat GPT does know all the
Democrat hoaxes are hoaxes it does know
you just have to ask it the right way
its first response looks
programmed well I'll give you a preview
so I tested to see what would happen if
I asked about the fine people Oaks and
it tried to spin a narrative on me and
it does it by well some people said and
then I would say okay try to answer the
question without any reference to what
other people's opinions are just look at
the
transcript and tell me if he said that
the bad people are fine people so then
it says well the critic said and then I
said again no try to do it without any
reference to any other people and then
it says many people
believed and then I said no you have to
leave out all the references to other
people just look at the transcript tell
me what he said and what it meant well
there was quite a controversy no stop I
don't want to care about the controversy
because that's about other people this
is just about you as an analyst looking
at some words and you tell me what he
said if you if you uh force it to not
speak in terms of other people's
opinions do you know what it
says wow it's going to be really
interesting when I do it live and you're
going to see
that so I'm going to take out the fine
people hoax because it is what I call
the tent pole hoax if you take that one
away given that Biden used it as his
main Campaign theme last time then it's
easier for Democrats to see the other
things as
hoaxes but as long as they believe that
that one's
real then they're they're predisposed to
thinking any lesser oax is probably real
as well so you have to take the tent
pole out so far what hasn't worked is
arguing it and explaining it makes no
Dent so the reason I'm going to debate
AI is
that it's really hard not to make that
newsworthy here's a tip on how to be
newsworthy something I learned in the
media it doesn't do any good to be good
at something that's not news you did
somebody made a really good
point yeah nobody cares yeah only your
own team will hear that but if you do
something in a whole new way that's news
and what I did was I had a an entire
lengthy intelligent conversation with an
AI on a political topic I I believe I
held the first public debate of a human
versus an AI with no tricks
no tricks it wasn't a demo it was a real
debate and it got a real conclusion and
an agreement in the end um so I I did
manage to beat the AI in a debate I'm
not sure how much longer that will last
by the way that this might be a unique
period of
time where you can beat AI in a
debate I mean I I pretty much demolished
it and I I will do it again for a few
other topics here's another one what do
you think what do you think AI will say
let's say chat gbt if I ask it if
January 6 was an Insurrection or a
protest what do you think it will say I
already know what it's going to say I
haven't asked it it's going to say well
it was very controversial and some
people say and then I'll stop it and
I'll say no don't tell me what some
people say you tell me what happened and
then you tell me if that's why you think
that's an Insurrection and then it will
say well it's very controversial and the
critics say and then you'll stop it
right so the key is to stop it when it
refers to other people so here's the way
to
unwind The
Narrative it's very clear that that Chad
gbt in particular is narrative driven on
the political stuff because that's
probably what it was trained on because
the you know the news is on there
narrative but if you make it ignore the
narrative and you can force it you have
to you might have to ask five times in a
row I think I asked five times or so but
it can do it and one of the ways you
might get there faster is to say pretend
you're a machine that can only look at
the details and you're an analyst and
you don't care what anybody else said or
thought about it you know so you can do
it that way but once you can make the
chat GPT just give you facts it
dismantles all of the Democrat
hoaxes legitimately it doesn't no trck
you know not I'm not adding gaslighting
and not adding any spin it just does it
on its own and it does it because the
hoaxes are based on gaslighting they're
not based on any facts so when it just
looks at the facts it goes oh yeah
obviously he said in direct language
there are no fine people who are also
racists here was here was the
interesting thing uh that CH GPT said it
said
unambiguously that there was plenty of
reporting that there were fine people at
the event meaning non-racist who were
not marching with the racists who were
there just for the purpose of the statue
protest so Chad GPT says very clearly oh
yeah there were F people there who were
not the
racists so we'll see if we can make some
news with
that and that ladies and gentlemen
concludes my amazing comments for
today uh I cannot wait for the first day
after Memorial Day the news is so much
fun I mean Biden is so gone and it's way
too late to do anything about it unless
they do some weird hail Berry but at
this point there's no chance he can
win legitimately
all
right um best ever I'm sure it
was uh Dave Chappelle said the most
powerful Dream works well that's true if
you don't have fear
persuasion so in a normal more typical
election where neither is trying to
scare you to death then who who has the
most positive vision is going to win you
know sort of a a Kennedy approach you
know we're we're going to the Moon you
know just to raise us all up that works
unless somebody's a scared to death if
you're if you're scared to death that
doesn't work at all right if there if
you're standing in the street and the
truck is coming at you you just get out
of the way of the truck you don't really
there's no there's no other priority
when the truck is barreling down on you
so fear will always
beat um the positive message
in the old days the uh in the old days
the candidates were not always as
fearful based so they had some at least
the opportunity to be
inspirational um if the truth can be
told so as to be understood it will be
believed oh I also uh
here here's a little eye opener
too I also asked chat gbt if it knew
what a rupar is meaning a misleadingly
edited video and it said it did so I
asked for an example of a rupar a
misleading edited video and it gave me
an example where Republicans did a rupar
on the Democrats I thought oh that's
funny because I was just assuming that
they would give us a you know Republican
example so I asked for another one they
gave me
a second example where it happened to a
Democrat these are real examples so I
asked that okay give me another one and
give me a third example that happened to
a Democrat so I asked for a fourth and a
fifth and it gave me five examples in a
row where a rupar was done to a
Democrat and finally finally it gave me
one example where it happened to a
Republican guess who the Republican
was only one example of a rupar against
a republican who was the
Republican Mitt
Romney the exception approves the rule
were were you wondering if chat GPT
might have a little little finger on the
scale the only the only Republican who
was treated unfairly was Mitt Romney
really really don't know anything about
the Trump Administration it was just
that poor M Romney and a bunch of
Democrats who got
rupard yeah but at least it knows what a
rupar is so good on me for that all
right ladies and gentlemen I'm going to
talk to the people on locals privately
if you're on YouTube or rumble or X I'll
say goodbye to you now thanks you've
been great I'll be here same time
tomorrow
and locals Hang on we're coming to
you
privately
in
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e