[Music]
well welcome to coffee with Scott Adams
the highlight of human civilization and
the best thing that ever happened to
you I always forget to turn down my
sound listen to myself if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels that
even Google's Gemini can't even imagine
all you need is a cuper mar glass a
tanker chal's d a canteen jug or flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine the other the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous sip happens now
go ah good
delightful I think we're ready now if
you're not already
subscribing to see the Dilbert cartoon
that has continued on it's now called
dilber reborn and it's spicier what you
would be
missing and by the way you can only
subscribe on X see my profile and on the
locals platform will you get the comic
plus another comic called robots re news
and a bunch more but what you're missing
if you're not subscribing to that is a
uh Dei is being extended to the robots
in Dilbert's company so Dilbert is
running about
about two years ahead of the
reality probably we two years from
having an AI coworker an actual embodied
walking talking
coworker and uh it's only a matter of
time before Dei catches up and
discrimination against robots becomes a
thing and in the uh comic that you don't
get to see today unless you're a
subscriber uh the robot is complaining
about uh
people calling him derogatory names like
Skylink hey
Skylink anyway so that's what you're
missing Nvidia has announced a new GPU
new chip do you call it a chip it's more
than a chip but it's got 28 billion
transistors now I don't even know how to
process that my brain can't even hold
that how do you make anything with 208
how how could you possibly manufacture
anything that had 208 billion physical
anythings how's that even
possible you I get that it's small but
208 billion
transistors uh there's some fun stuff
about to happen and it's pretty small
too so I guess you can fit in one
rack you know the things that
practically were an entire data seter
not too long
ago well here's an interesting thing
happening uh bride . a um took some of
my online shows this show and uh tried
to use AI to predict what the next show
would
be so it takes it takes my patterns and
characteristics and turned it into a
video of me actually doing the show
today before I do the show today and so
it was taking some logical guesses about
what I'd be talking about it was pretty
good yeah I mean didn't get exactly the
prediction uh but it was sort of amazing
that it it could do an imitation to be
doing the show and apparently there's a
entity
party. that is taking uh all of my
materials and building some kind of an
engine where you can reproduce me this
raises many questions about
IP because I have publicly said that if
AI wants to copy me that you know I'm
giving a a public approval to that but
how deep does that go would that include
does that automatically give permission
to use all of my
books I don't know we're we're in weird
territory where maybe writing books
won't make any sense anymore because
they just get stolen by
AI uh So speaking of
that um you know the book The Fourth
turning a lot of you have heard of it I
said to myself you know I'd like to know
what's in that book but I certainly
don't want to read it so I asked chat
GPT to summarize it and then I got to
ask questions you know I asked more
detailed questions well what about this
or what's to say about this and what's
the prediction and what's the basis for
it and in five minutes you could query
pretty much all the important stuff in
the book now I haven't read the book but
a lot of people have been asking me what
do you think about that fourth turning
book it's predicting the future and it
doesn't look good
So I listened to at least the summary of
it by Chad GPT and I've come to the
following
conclusion it looks like total
to me how many of you think that's
real this the most I've ever
heard in my life none none of that looks
even a little bit
convincing but that's just me now some
of you are going to say if somebody said
this morning but Scott look at these
very specific predictions that it got
right and I look at the very specific
predictions and every one of them you
could have done without that
book what was it hard to predict there
might be a pandemic
someday not so hard was was it hard to
predict that um our Congress would keep
spending until there's an
emergency no no I didn't really need to
read a book to know that but those are
some of the predictions so beware of
generic predictions because they're
pretty easy to
do
there's a new study that says using
computers can give you erectile
dysfunction um and you will be far less
likely to produce sperm and be a
functioning
human so what could cause that huh if
the more time you spend looking at your
screen the less your penis
works could it be porn is better than
people now I've been here's something
I've been warning about and I didn't
have to read that fourth turning book um
it is
inevitable that because humans don't
change that fast we don't evolve very
quickly but technology improves very
quickly it was inevitable that porn
would catch up to and
surpass human to human sex now you're
saying to yourself Scott that's crazy I
clearly prefer human sex I know you do
but most people don't even have access
to it and if they have access to it it's
not very often it's not as often as they
want it
so uh yeah this makes perfect sense that
people are just seeing something that
looks like the ideal the ideal thing
that turns them on and then as soon as
they turn off their computer they turn
around and the partner that they could
earn you know the partner that's the
best they can
do may not be really competitive with
that thing that was on the screen so
when people say uh these men are not
producing their erections in sperm like
they used to be maybe it's
because humans got worse when technology
got
better I think that's the whole
explanation people got worse technology
got
better all right uh at Cambridge
University in Great Britain uh 12% of
the undergrads identify as homosexual
not too different than it sounds roughly
um the average uh but 20 uh almost 30%
identifies as
bisexual so 30% of Cambridge is
bisexual do you think that happened on
its
own do do do you think people just
thought it through and things are
changing and you know attitudes are
changing and they just said to
themselves you know what I think I want
to be a little little bisexual
well maybe it's some of it is that it's
uh you know less ostracized that
probably makes a difference you know
incentives always
matter um but don't you think that this
is literally
programmed see I want to see the I want
to see the study that shows me the Tik
Tock users versus the non-tick Tock
users and you'd have to see what if
people identified as gay or bicep sexual
or any part of the lgbtq see if they
identified before they started using Tik
Tok I think you're going to see a direct
link I think you'll see a very direct
correlation between using Tik Tock and
changing your gender or your sex
preference so anyway it's people are
going to act like it's a big old
surprise when the entire world catches
up what one of the things about being a
hypnotist is you really can see the
future it just takes a while for people
to realize what's going on but if you
know if you're alert to how how strong
persuasion is it's pretty obvious that
Tik Tok is changing people's sexual
preference but if you're Normie you say
well that can't be a thing I can't
change my whole you know sexual
preference by watching something on a
screen yes she can it's not even hard I
can rewire almost every one of you if I
had enough
time I know you don't believe it you're
all you're all thinking well not me I
mean I'm so you're you're so whatever
you are that you can never change
nope nope any good hypnotist could
change your sexual preference and you
would think it was your own idea it
would just take some time it just
couldn't it couldn't be done in one one
setting like you couldn't do it in an
hour but you could do it over time yeah
pretty reliably and that's what Tik Tok
does I
think um there's a story about Google's
AI this is in the Free Press um so
there's a x bunch of X Google employees
are basically saying that it's no
surprise the Gemini AI that came out of
Google was so woke that it was useless
basically it was just a huge racist
because it was so
woke and the people who work there say
you know they're not surprised because
everything about working there had to be
Dei so apparently even if you made a
slight patch to the software a small
software upgrade to something just make
it a little better you had to write an
impact statement about how it helped to
Dei
seriously if you made a software patch
you had to State how it was good for Dei
or bad I guess so that was real thing so
the thing that you have to understand is
that this is not
fixable there isn't any way to fix the
technology because the technology was
never
broken the technology did exactly what
they wanted it to
do it's just that when you see it it's
so
outlandish that you can't believe it but
no it was designed to do exactly what it
did so I would um I don't I assume other
people have made the same prediction but
here's a
prediction Google may never be in the AI
business in the way other companies
might be able to because it won't be
able to fix it it's not fixable unless
they got rid of all the
employees and so may maybe that's going
to happen
someday nope not going to fix
that but
um the the there's another uh product
that might be uh might be deleted too
let's see who's I got to find uh so Eric
Weinstein was saying so there's a a
Google product called engr
viewer I've never heard of that before
but um I think it used to be called
something else maybe but what you could
do is you could put in a search term and
you could find out when it took off so
you know how there's some Search terms
that had zero interest until one
day now that sudden interest in the in
the search term can be really revealing
about how the uh the media is
hypnotizing and brainwashing the public
so if something was never mentioned for
decades and then suddenly it's all in
the news and it's the only thing you're
talking about it could be
organic but that would be unusual far
more likely it's an it's an OP that uh
some somebody is trying to make it a
thing and you think it's happening
naturally but it's not it's the
mainstream media working with sometimes
our own intelligence people to make
something Trend so here's an interesting
um prediction by Eric Weinstein he says
prediction Google engram viewer will be
shut down one day for public access it
is simply too
subversive and at first I looked at it
and I thought well you're not going to
shut it down just cuz the you know the
answers are a little inconvenient but
the more I thought about it I'm going to
back his
prediction I think he's right I I think
that it reveals when an OP starts and it
makes it very obvious that it isn't you
know some kind of a you know
brainwashing operation you you can just
see it in the graph boom everybody's
talking about this
now so I think he's right which is a
hell of a prediction
a good prediction all right there's a
you probably know there's a mind reading
ability of AI that uh it can actually if
you put some sensors on your head the
right kind of sensors it can look at
brain wave patterns and it can tell what
you're thinking and draw a picture of
it so that's a real thing so you know
you can think of a giraffe and the AI
through its sensors will will draw
giraff because it can tell you're
thinking about it now apparently there's
some big breakthrough in that I saw this
on a Rowan CH young uh Thread about AI
who's a good follow for all the AI
stuff and researches a stability AI in
Princeton they've got this new thing
called Mind ey to and it's some big leap
in restructuring reconstructing images
from brain
activity now how much do you want your
government not to have
that that that's the ultimate thing you
don't want anybody to have I can't think
of any technology that would be worse
for humankind than being able to read
your mind that's your last
freedom your last freedom is to be able
to think your own thoughts privately and
have nobody know it that's right on the
verge of going away now do you think
your your government can't force you to
the sensors of course they can do you
think they'll use it to solve
crime
yep soon as it gets good enough they're
going to say uh think about where you
were Tuesday and it's going to draw a
picture of the
crime and you'll you'll be like you'll
be trying to beat it like a light
detector test you be like oh squeeze my
sphincter or whatever the trick is to
beat the light detector test you'll be
like oh think of sex don't think of my
crime but yeah if if they can read your
mind they're going to be reading your
mind there there's no chance that this
gets used only for innocent fun oh the
government will be reading your mind
that's
coming well the best story of the day is
the uh the theory that uh president
macron of France his wife has uh was
born a man and uh is still a
man and uh I guess Candace Owens is
having fun with this and as she says it
would be easy to disprove that he
married a man who represents as a woman
now all you'd have to do is show a
picture of her when she's
young any time in the first 30 years of
her
life and apparently nobody can find a
picture of macron's wife below the age
of
30 now don't you think it would be
pretty easy to prove that you were born
a woman and you've always been a woman
if you were born a woman and you've
always been a
woman as Candace says just one
photograph that's all it takes do do you
know anybody who doesn't have any
photographs of themselves before the age
of
30 now she's not claiming she doesn't
have any photographs but it seems like
the
easiest the easiest rumor to debunk and
then just to make it fun there's videos
on the internet that you shouldn't trust
at all that makes it look like she has a
male bulge in some of her pants suits
and
dresses now I don't trust the Bulge and
the
pants thing at all uh do do you remember
a Curb Your Enthusiasm episode with
Larry
David where he was wearing a a kind of
pair of pants that when he sat down it
would sort of pillow up like he was
excited and then people would think
think he was excited he's like no no
it's just the pants the pants just fold
this way anyway so I think that's
probably what's going on but the fact
that they can't produce a picture and
then further the the theory
goes that uh there there are pictures of
macron's wife's brother as a as a young
person that matches what she looks like
fairly perfectly but that alone does
anything cuz they would be
siblings but apparently her brother
[Laughter]
disappeared so the alleged
brother I know somehow he disappeared
he's just not with
us and no
explanation
so if you told me well I did hear the
story the other day when I heard the
story the other day I immediately
dismissed it as you know just internet
fun and couldn't possibly be true but
the but the further you dig into
it the more fun it gets I I'm going to
stop short of saying I believe
it but the but the fact that it's so
easily
disproved but yet not disproved is very
entertaining all right so whatever
happens with this story I am entertained
and by the way why do I care I mean I
don't really care
what their relationship is it's not my
business but it is funny it's very funny
all
right
um so there's a there's a movie called
The American Society of magical
Negros um that opened up and uh in its
first first weekend it only made one
million dollars in the entire
us or as or as the uh and wokeness
account was said it was a box office
bloodbath the it's just a totally
anti-white movie so it basically is
that's what it is it's just an
anti-white movie and uh the public
decided nope they didn't want to see it
now were any of you tempted to see the
anti-white
movie so I saw something online before I
saw this story I saw something online
that the reviews were
excellent did anybody see that that so
the critical reviews were just like
really good I think probably before it
was released maybe they were saying that
so I thought to myself you know this
might be because I think it was supposed
to be funny or something I thought I
might actually watch this movie and then
I heard it was just an anti-white movie
and I said oh well I'm not going to
watch that movie it makes me wonder if
this is you know you're always looking
for the the the changing points like is
this the inflection point well probably
not but it's good to know that an
anti-white movie didn't make money so
that's
good de um did you notice I I posted
yesterday I asked people when they think
the Republic ended in the United States
now I when I was born I was under the
oppression and most of my childhood and
even adulthood that we were a uh some
kind of a
Democratic federal
republic and that we voted for people
and then they were in charge and they
ran the country well I've I've since
become convinced by 100% of all evidence
that the Republic ended sometime in the
past but I was curious when because
clearly whoever is pulling the strings
is not are elected officials that's
pretty obvious and so I had my own
theory was probably about the time that
Kennedy was
assassinated that that was sort of the
obvious point where the intelligence
people were running the show if they
could just kill the elected leader and
get away with it which apparently is
what happened apparently I wasn't there
but it does look very much like the CIA
killed Kennedy and that they got away
with
it so coincidentally Ron Paul was
interviewed by tuck
and the same day I was asking about the
Republic you know when do you think it
ended
um Ron Paul said the date I say it was
concrete that there was a coup and we
lost our government was November 22nd
the assassination of
JFK so Ron Paul is saying that was the
day that we lost the government now
others say it was earlier or something
about the uh the Federal Reserve and
bankers and stuff and I don't understand
any of that I'm not discounting it I
just don't understand the topic so I'll
I'll dig into that a little bit but you
know there's some theory about the
Titanic went down and a bunch of Bankers
were on it and that allowed the FED to
be created and that was a a way to rip
people off and I don't quite understand
how that works but I'll look into it
because I know you're going to ask me
about it so I will I'll look into it
anyway here's something the Ron Paul
said about that about the assassination
of
JFK he said I find it astonishing and
Despicable that the director of the CIA
at the time Alan Dulles was appointed to
the Warren Commission which was tasked
with investigating it so then Tucker
says so the guy who was responsible for
the murder was investigating the
murder
yes yes and by the way doues wasn't just
a member
of the Warren Commission he was probably
the only one that
mattered probably the only one that
mattered there were other members but
you know if one of them is the head of
the CIA the head of the CIA probably
picked the other
members do you know how uh uh John
Brennan does it do you know how he can
get 50 people to say the laptop thing is
Russian information Uh Russian
disinformation he gets to personally
pick who he talks to
that's how it's done if you're the one
who picks the people you can get any
answer you want you just pick the people
who owe you something or already agree
with you not too hard so yes in my
lifetime this really happened that the
CIA apparently killed the president in
conjunction with somebody else probably
and and then assigned themselves to look
into who killed him very much like OJ
looking for the real killer
so before OJ said he'd find the real
color in the real world that actually
happened that the CIA was helping to
find the real
killer now I don't have proof that the
CIA killed him but I'd say all evidence
suggests is that
fair would you go with that that I don't
have proove but all evidence suggests it
seems pretty obvious at this
point do you know the story the zuder
zuder film you know the film we've all
seen now there's a there's a subsidiary
story that says it was you know it was
altered so but beyond that did you know
that it took years before anybody saw
that
video are you aware of that that that
many years went by Between the
assassination and then the time we first
saw the
video now don't you think that the
person who took the video
was aware that he had the
video do do you think he wasn't aware
that it was the most Val yeah it was
1977 that the video comes out that was
what 12 years after the assassination
something like that
and and uh
anyway I guess I don't have to finish
that
point so yeah the the fact that the
video didn't come out for 12
years is
almost dead certain it's
fake does anybody disagree with that if
you had the most valuable video in the
entire
world and you sat on it for 12
years that guarantees it was fake
because there's no there's no human
behavior you've ever seen that would
match what allegedly that person did sat
on the most important story of the whole
100 years basically and yeah I just
thought I don't know if anybody be
interested in this come on it's
obviously
fake it's it's quite obviously fake I
never thought that before do you know
what convinced me that it took 12 years
I'm not sure I ever heard that before
but as soon as I heard that I was like
oh obviously fake they just had to wait
until Star Wars came out and they had
the right technology to to fake it so
that's what it was
anyway case you
wondered
um let's talk about so that's when the
Republic was lost at least some people
say much earlier but at the very
minimum by the time Kennedy was
assassinated it was obvious that we
don't have a regular
Republic but what did we lose free
speech I think it was
around we started losing it around
2016
and you know the Twitter files revealed
that the government had been leaning on
the social media to censor things so now
that's all known right there's no
speculation involved the government was
censoring people like wild for years now
2020 might have been the Zenith but it
didn't start
then um but yeah the Twitter files told
us that Free Speech went away a while
ago and uh I don't know it'll ever come
back but it's gone so we don't really
have a country that's like a republic
you know we're a little bit closer to
the Iran China Russia model than I was
ever aware
of um and certainly free speech is only
if you say things that nobody cares
about so free speech that you can say
anything that nobody cares about is
opposite of free speech everybody gets
that right so is there anybody here who
thinks we have free speech in this
country
does anybody believe we have free
speech right because I know somebody's
going to say something like but Scott
look at the things you're saying right
now no the only reason I can say them is
that I've already been siloed into such
a little bubble that I'm only talking to
the people who already think it's true I
don't talk to anybody who doesn't agree
with
me you know I posted something yesterday
I forget what it was and it brought in a
whole uh trainload of trolls you know
the ones that all act the same they just
act like trolls and uh I swear they had
never seen any of my material before
they didn't know who I was um nothing
about any of my posts and they were
really mad because they think that um if
Elon Musk comments on one of my comments
which is what brought them in um that
they they have to see stuff and they
hated it it's like ah if we watch Elon
Musk we're going to have to see this
guy's comments sometimes can't stand it
no we don't have anything like free
speech all right um so Elon has been on
this point about uh the public doesn't
understand what this immigration is
really all about so far the illegal
migration has created so many new people
in the country that it would represent
13 congressional districts in other
words we would add 13 people to our
government just because of the illegal
migration and the idea is that the the
Democrats will lavish them with free
stuff and make sure that they come in
knowing that the Democrats are help them
get this better
life and then of course the political
leaders uh on the left want the extra
power that the extra congressional
districts gives them and that would
allow them to essentially control the
country forever if they just get enough
migrants in the places where there was
too much political power with with
Republicans so that so they're doing a
play to it's basically a a Hail Mary
play so I feel like the Immigrant thing
is such an aggressive swing the fense
you know All or Nothing play and it
really is All or nothing because it if
it doesn't work and and they don't get
the people in fast enough to take
control of the government in the way
that they want to then it will implode
it'll go the other way so there's this
real close timing thing where you've got
two teams that are swinging for the
fence here's what I mean if the
Democrats do succeed in in gaming the
system by getting more districts and
that's enough for them to take power of
the Congress and the
presidency then they will just change
the rules until nobody can ever compete
with them because we've seen the pattern
that they like to change the rules to
stay in power so there'd be more Jerry
mandering and things and by the way
Republicans do similar you know sketchy
things but if the Democrats were in
power they would be they would be the
ones
doing now at the same time
interestingly you've got Donald Trump
running for
president now what would happen if the
Republicans
sweep which is very
possible it's very possible that the
Republicans will
sweep and it would be because of
immigration so immigration is this
really aggressive play for the Democrats
to take over everything except that in
the short run it's such a an overreach
and it's so alarming to the public it
might cause the Republicans to win
everything so we've got this weird All
or Nothing that's been set up by both
teams and the Democrat Party will either
own everything forever after this
election or after they get enough you
know immigrants to control everything
whereas the Republicans will own
everything if they get in before that
happens
so it's literally just like a timing
thing of who's going to own the
government
completely so that's fun to
watch um do you think that
elon's uh his filter on this is correct
that the real play is to get Democratic
power
forever do you think that's the major
incentive well here's what's complicated
these things never have one reason and
as soon as you tell yourself well
there's this one reason everything gets
confusing with a lot of people involved
there are different people have
different reasons so I would say the
following reasons certainly apply the
people at the top probably are trying to
figure out a way to stay there so yes
the people at the top are probably doing
exactly what Elon Musk is saying they're
trying to beef up their Congressional
population so they can control
everything however why how does that
explain how Ordinary People are
supporting it like why would Ordinary
People support so much migration do you
think the ordinary Democrat is saying ah
I'm I'm part of the plan I'm I'm helping
the migrants come in
because I agree with my leadership we
can get all power do you think that's
what's happening well maybe
some maybe some I would suggest that
there's a bigger effect U which is the
impulse toward self harm I think that
the Democrats are
driven at least at the voter
level uh maybe a third to a half of
their entire political party is obsessed
with self harm now the self harm grows
out of the white guilt I suppose the the
guilt that they got too much and it's
because of the legacy of slavery and the
systemic racism and they got to do
something to you know fix
it so I think that's why um
yeah so I I think self harm is actually
driving most of immigration at the voter
level and at the senior level it's a
plan to have more
control will you buy that that the
individual voters are not nearly as
complicated they're just trying to ease
their guilt and they're doing it by self
harm which is the way people do it they
harm themselves to get of their
guilt yeah so if you look at and by the
way this idea of self harm being the
primary motivating factor of at least a
third of the Democrat party is starting
to catch on I don't know if you've seen
it anywhere else has anybody seen
anybody else mention the self harm theme
have you seen it
yet you might you might see a little
more of it because it's so obvious once
you hear it you're like oh yeah it's
obvious everything they do has that same
quality that it's bad for the people
doing it I've never seen that before it
it's a very specific white guilt thing I
don't know if it's a Christian thing or
what it is I don't know where it comes
from
actually anyway there's new climate
alarm now as you know the climate topic
has two completely different worlds in
one world every new piece of information
proves that the temperature is not going
up and and that the climate alarm is
fake the ice is not melting and the
oceans are not
rising and the people who make those
claims will point to data and you'll
look at it you'll say
h they make a good point and then you'll
see something like today's report that
the uh the Earth has endured its hot as
years since blah blah blah and it's all
heating up and everything's hot and
we're all going to die so that's coming
from the UN now how do they support that
well they point to studies and things
that are completely opposite from what
the people who say nothing's happening
are looking
at two different worlds which one's
right well let me tell you this the
people who were telling you that the
climate is going to kill you are the
same scientists who didn't know if masks
would work and they don't know if your
child is male or
female they don't know anything about
nutrition and think most of what they
say about physics is completely made up
I'm not so sure string theory is quite
what they think it is just
saying so um scientists have gone from
the most credible um members of society
to in my opinion the least
credible they didn't just go from oh
you're not nearly as awesome as before I
think science is just a way to launder
lies science the way way it's currently
organized and reported in in the Press
is just a laundering operation for lies
you you just find the science that
agrees with you and see if you can push
it into the Public's Consciousness now
that doesn't mean that real science
doesn't happen it's just we're not
watching it you know the real science is
probably you know somebody in a
laboratory inventing a thing that makes
communication faster or chip faster and
we never hear about that all we hear is
oh if you want outside you're going to
be melted from all the climate and maybe
it's true how would I know all I know is
that the people telling me this have no
credibility
whatsoever scientists they have no
credibility on climate
change and the funniest the funniest
response to that I like to
use is the same people who think the
news is real you know I laugh when I
think talking to somebody who still
thinks the news is real
it's just
impossible there's just no Common Ground
they they'll just tell you that they saw
something in the news and so you're
wrong and then you say but you know the
news is all made up and then they'll
tell you another thing they heard in the
news to prove why it's not all made up
and I think okay you're not hearing me
it's all made up the important stuff
right if they say a hurricane is coming
it's probably true but if they say so
and so did something because of
something that's never true
that's never
true all right so I don't know what's
true I don't know which data is true but
I'll tell you if scientists are my
source to know that uh I should be
alarmed about the climate and they also
claim that they can measure the
temperature of the Earth really really
precisely over decades and if not
hundreds of years that's so obviously
not
true like anybody who's lived in the
real
world you you know you can't measure the
temperature of the earth and get a
consistent
reading there are way too many things to
go wrong that you wouldn't know or you
wouldn't admit because you don't want
anybody to know you did it wrong so no
There's no practical way to measure the
temperature of the freaking Earth and
and you'd have to be very
inexperienced or very young to imagine
that's even a doable thing now people
often say but Scott doesn't that make
you a science denier no I'm not talking
about any science I'm talking about
there's somebody whose job it is to sell
a thermometer there's somebody's job it
is to put it somewhere and there's
somebody's job to read it and somebody's
job to like add it up and find out the
averages and stuff that's not
science that's just a job and the guy
who created the Dilbert comic strip I
know what people do when they have
jobs they cover up their mistakes they
they fudge things they they falsify
documents they don't mention that it's
near an
airport you know a million things so
it's it's a purely human endeavor to go
read these measurements and decide
whether the machine is accurate and then
you decide oh this one seems an a whack
because it's too close to some concrete
so maybe I'll change it but I don't have
the budget to change it so I'll just
write down the
number that's the real world oh this
this looks wrong to me because it's
giving me an anomalous
reading but it's not my job to replace
thermometers I'm just the reader uh
let's my job is just go out there and
write down that number and I think to
myself all right if I report
this it's going to be a whole bunch of
paperwork and I'm not really paid for
all that extra I'm paid to just write
down this
number that doesn't look
right but I can make my day a lot easier
if I just write it down and go to the
next one now I'm of course I'm making up
an imaginary situation I don't know if
anybody's writing down anything but the
point is there's a whole human process
that has nothing to do with science when
you're just measuring the temperature in
a thousand different
places Peter Navaro is in
prison and uh I was watching CNN do a
show about it and I asked you this would
Peter Naro be in prison if we had a
legitimate uh
news entity if the news industry were
not completely fake would Peter Navaro
be in prison that's a not a real
question I'm going to give you the
answer no there's not a chance you it
requires the illegitimate press to give
cover to the illegitimate Department of
Justice so you've got something that
very clearly and
unambiguously inappropri for the
Department of Justice if you don't
believe me you should believe Ellen dtz
who will tell you that you know a lot a
lot of the stuff against Trump is just
crazy
town the lawfare by the way dtz is the
one who invented the word
lawfare did you know that Ellen dtz he
invented that word
lawfare and uh he certainly sees it
happening to Trump but whatever is
happening to Naro is just an extension
of the law fair against Trump and I
believe that there is no way that Navaro
would be in jail if both the left and
the right leaning media called
what do you
think if both the left and the right
said this is
illegitimate he would not be in jail
because I don't think that the system
can survive doing things that both the
left and the right say well this is
obviously wrong it requires at least the
L left because they control most of the
media to bless it which they did and
they blessed it imagine being part of
the
media that allowed him to go to jail
knowing that that wouldn't have happened
except for your
actions it would only take one entity
let's say CNN or MSNBC it would only
take one of them to say okay this is too
far this is too far we we can't be
putting Peter Navaro in jail for you
know what he did it would only take one
so every person who's uh on CNN and
MSNBC you lying
 you're putting a man in
jail for no good reason and how do you
feel about that when you go
home seriously how do you feel
about that when you go home do you say
to yourself oh it's not me it's not me
cuz I'm just one person no it's you it's
you if if you're on the air on a news
entity and you let Peter Navaro go to
jail right in front of you when you know
it's and you're not say
anything about it you're putting
him in
jail that's on you so go sleep with
that um New York
Times Steve MCU was posting about
this the New York Times in what you can
only imagine
is once again the ridiculous merging
with the uh with reality uh they did a
the New York Times did a story extolling
the virtues of the deep State when we
hear deep State instead of recoiling we
should
rally because it's the Deep State that's
protecting you from uh
Trump that that's actually in the
news the New York times is telling you
that the Deep
state is really important and valuable
because it can you know protect you from
people like
Trump how in the
world I mean how how do you not be
embarrassed working for that
company anyway on another topic uh um
this is changing quickly but if you're
not caught up at First Texas was going
to start arresting people and deporting
them and then the said no you can't do
that you know the states can't Deport
people and then I guess on an appeal it
was
reversed and then before I started the
show the reversal was
reversed am I up to speed yet so at the
moment I believe and that could change
in five minutes apparently Texas cannot
Deport people back to Mexico is that
true can give me an update on that
or there's another hearing today oh
maybe there's just a hearing today
anyway so it's up in the air a little
bit but here's my plan um as you know um
Central South
America they're sending uh a lot of
criminals up here and some say they're
emptying their jails which would be a
smart play on their on their half behalf
and my plan is to wait until uh all of
the criminals from Central and South
America and Mexico have been shipped
into the United States and then wait for
it I'm going to move to Central
America it's going to be like a paradise
down there all the criminals are going
to be in the United States I'm just
going to go down there and like hey
how's the crime right here and the
locals will say crime we haven't any had
any crime since 19 20 or
2024 we haven't seen a s s not a single
criminal act in two years and I'll be
like yeah
coming at
you all right that's my plan
um so did you know that uh Newsmax was
reporting this that Supreme Court
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg she had a
ruling when she was alive back in
2019 and apparently she was one of the
people who laid down how the eighth
amendment of our constitution prohibited
an excessive fine so there was a case
that got to the Supreme Court and
somebody some just some individual was
find way more than what the crime would
suggest would make sense and so you've
got this situation where the uh is it
the eth amendment yeah the Eighth
Amendment uh guarantees the right
against unusual punishments you know
cruel and unusual but also against
excessive
fines were you aware that the
Constitution of the United States has in
direct language
that you can't give somebody excessive
fines and and poor Trump poor Trump is
trying to pay over
400 uh you know million dollars for a
victimless crime that is as everybody
explained who's in the industry business
as
usual business as
usual and he's got to pay
$454 million now by anybody's
estimation that is an excessive fine do
you think you could find any normal
human being who would think that's
anything but a ridiculous fine no and
and the fact that he's being forced to
maybe sell
assets um in in a short time period when
his assets are mostly physical so he'd
have to lose I mean he might lose
another 200 million by selling things
out of fire sale price because he has
to now who in the world thinks that
that's any kind of Justice nobody now I
assume the Supreme Court will reverse it
or and apparently they can even take
action when the states are involved in
um violating the eth amendment so you
don't have to worry about the thing that
it's a a state action the Supreme Court
can jump in if you're violating the eth
amendment and clearly they are
obviously there there's no doubt about
that right it's just right in front of
you it could not be more obvious that
they're abusing the the
Constitution and
uh can we agree that none of those fines
would have happened if Trump were not
running for president is it fair to say
he would not have been prosecuted except
running for
president now the fact that Leticia
James said she was going to go after him
but didn't know what she was going after
him for
and then they searched until they found
something how is that not
illegal there's no law against that
there's no law against saying I'm going
after somebody and then going and
looking for a crime and then finding a
victimless crime and taking his whole
business away from
him maybe putting him in jail how in the
world is that not
illegal so I'm going to make a
prediction that uh karma is g to
be quite a for Leticia James
here's what I think's going to
happen I think that there'll be enough
enemies of hers that they will put
enormous resources into looking into any
Crim she may have
committed and that they will do to her
what she did to Trump and God I hope so
because you need mutually assured
destruction uh when you watch somebody
destroying somebody because they're
white that's really what it is if if
Trump were not if Trump were black none
of this would be happening he's being
destroyed primarily for being white and
Republican I
guess and I think that the perfect
response would be in a perfectly legal
way not anything
illegal that people should start turning
over every Rock and talking to everybody
she's ever worked with until they find a
crime do do you think you couldn't find
a crime with pretty much anybody if you
look hard enough of course you can you'd
find like a processed crime or some
exaggeration you could call a lie yeah
you could find something so my
prediction is that a year from now
there's a good chance that Trump will be
president and Leticia James will be in
prison unless she's appealing it but I
think they're G the odds of her never
have well let me put it this
way we've all seen how she acts in
public right we we've seen her dance
with
Glee about the mounting problems for
Trump we saw him T we saw her Target him
for purely political and personal
reasons and then follow up on it and
Destroy somebody that you know many of
you would like to be president we
trying now given what she's done in
public that you can observe with your
own eyes is there any question in your
mind that she's a
criminal in other ways
I've never seen anybody who acts like
she acts the parts we can see who didn't
also have a criminal background I've
never seen that that honest people don't
act anything like the way she's acting
so you're if you tell me oh no there was
just this one time when she decided to
ignore the Constitution and the laws of
our country and you know spit on
everything that's good no no there's a
really high she's got a whole bunch of
crimes in her past and you just have to
look for them and I would imagine that a
tremendous amount of money has already
been
allocated to pay people to look for it
and if the Republicans are not doing
that i''d be pretty
disappointed but they probably are all
right
um and uh yeah and as DT
warns if Trump is kept from running or
maybe he loses because of
lawfare um that will not be deemed a
credible
outcome certainly I would not say that
was a fair election if if the lawfare
takes them
out all right Democrats uh as I've often
said what passes as a disagreement is
often Democrats not knowing how anything
works
have you noticed that it looks like it's
a disagreement like some philosophical
thing but it's not it's just Democrats
literally don't have the background and
experience in many cases to understand
how anything Works Republicans tend to
be uh business people who succeeded in
business and maybe became a senator
later you know they ran some kind of a
serious Enterprise and then maybe ran
for office but there are a lot of
Democrats who never had any kind of
business experience let me give you some
real world
examples I saw a uh user an X Michael
Harriet who is explaining um why Dei
well here's what he says he says uh well
here's the thing while most people think
Dei policies have something to do with
increasing minorities most Dei policies
focus on recruiting and retention and he
says instead of lowering your standards
you can increase diversity by inviting
more diverse students to
apply now that's somebody who does it
looks like somebody has no experience in
the real world that's like stupid isn't
it how does he not understand that the
problem is there's not enough
Supply it's true that any one company
can improve their diversity if they do
better than the other companies at
attracting you know a higher percentage
of Supply but it's not true that they
can all do it there's too low of Supply
the only way you can fix the number of
adults you know being a enough to have a
diverse workplace the only way to fix
that is to fix it at childhood you're
going to have to fix the pipeline you're
going to have to get them really early
like first grade kindergarten and train
them so that eventually there's enough
people to do every job
diversely but how how could you possibly
be an adult
and not understand that the problem is a
supply problem and not a how you do it
problem there's no way to do it to
create the supply once you're an adult
you got to start with 30 years earlier
or forget
it so we should um and so I looked at uh
Michael's um profile and he's a writer
and some kind of a race profiteer kind
of guy he does some kind of race grip Ry
stuff uh everything about race is grifty
so I don't know his details but are you
surprised that somebody who's a writer
and obsessed with race related things
can't do even counting and knowing how
supply and demand Works no it's very
ordinary very
ordinary okay here's another
one uh apparently the law in New York
and some other places maybe California
too uh allows a gang member
to uh buy a firearm an illegal migrant
can buy a firearm
legally these are the Democrat laws so
they can come in uh they'll actually be
helped to bring in uh and then they can
find an empty rental property or even
your own house and just move into it
when you're on vacation and it would be
illegal for you to move them
out you have to let them stay and if
they they stay for a certain amount of
time it becomes their
property so so basically MS13 knows they
can just find an empty house and move in
and it's theirs they get to keep
it that's real I'm not making that up
MS13 can come here illegally but it's
we've made it legal to be here illegally
they can go to the store and buy a a
firearm or they can possess one and they
can move into your house while you're on
vacation and keep
it that's our current
laws is there anybody here who didn't
know that because this is
new it's not every state but I'm sure
California and New York the squatter has
the rights not the
owner now do you think that people who
understand how anything Works were be
these rules no of course not nobody who
had any business experience or
experience with the real world would
allow that to happen because it's pretty
obvious what's going to happen obviously
MS13 is going to take over every house
they can get why wouldn't they it's free
houses California and New York are
giving away free houses to MS13 members
and I'm not even making that up that's
like a a real thing
now they don't say it that way it's just
that they've created laws that guarantee
it now this is my second example where
there's something wrong with not just
the philosophy of
Democrats they seem inable or unable to
Think Through really basic stuff how
incentives work how any system is
designed really basic you want another
example I'll give you a two from Ted Lou
he's uh one of the California Congress
people and there's a video of him it's
not a new one but not too long ago a
couple years ago he was on
MSNBC and he was telling the viewers
that the best way to combat fake news is
for people to watch
MSNBC because they report real news all
the
time he actually said real news all the
time I didn't I didn't even add the all
the time
part those were his exact words
he looked at the
camera and said without any any tinge of
sarcasm that the way to combat fake news
is for people to watch MSNBC because
they report real news all the
time now you might say to yourself Scott
that might be the dumbest thing I've
ever heard an elected official
say do you think he's
unaware do you think he's unaware that
MSNBC is all
fake because he might be
that would be even be more frightening
it it would be one thing to imagine you
know he's just lying and he wants a job
there someday so he's just buttering him
up I mean that's not terrible you know
it's bad to lie but it's not the worst
thing but the worst thing would be if he
actually thought it was true what if he
thinks it's
true have you ever considered that what
if the Democrats believe what they're
saying because I always assume they
don't believe it because it's so weird
and stupid stupid how can you possibly
believe it it's just something you say
to win but he might actually believe
that you want another
one here's another Ted
Lou he said uh that on a post he said
Trump claims he is a billionaire but he
can't pay 464 million judgment that
means he is lying how do I know
math wow wow
do you know who had to school him in
public that Donald Trump is not to blame
uh for not having the cash Mark
Cuban who couldn't even stand watching
his own teammate you know somebody who
would be anti-trump he he couldn't stand
watching the stupidity coming from his
own side so he had to do an extended
thread to explain how in an atmosphere
of low interest rates somebody like
Trump would put all of their cash into
assets
because the assets could grow but cash
isn't worth much in zero interest rate
times so Mark cubin had to explain the
difference between cash and assets to
somebody we elected to make
laws so Ted Ted Lou thinks MSNBC tells
the truth all the
time and he doesn't understand how money
works like really basic
stuff so yeah uh I contend that the
Democratic party can be explained by not
understanding how business Works in
general so they they get everything
wrong in terms of incentives every time
and also being um obsessed with self
harm so between self harm and not
understanding business you get the
Democrats at least a third of them I'd
say well there's some new uh evidence
that happiness is changing for some
countries American Germany fell out of
the top 20 happiest
countries huh I wonder when that
happened kind of a sudden drop in the
last several
years do you think that wokeness might
be part of it of course it is of course
it is yeah wokeness makes you
unhappy why because it's the act of
focusing on yourself and how the
external world is victimizing you do you
know what makes a person unhappy Focus
ing on yourself and believing that the
external world is after you and the
reason you can't succeed is because
something somebody else is doing it's
all that
discrimination yeah so wokeness by its
design will make you
unhappy that's not all it will do it
will also destroy your whole country but
in the short term it'll make you unhappy
because it shifts your mindset to oh I'd
be doing better if it were for all these
white supremacists and
stuff so of course that's the problem
meanwhile Helsinki Finland is looking
good um Israel well their numbers were
before the October 7th thing so I'm not
sure that'll tell you
anything uh meanwhile in a separate um
survey by Walla Hub they looked at the
10 happiest cities in
America so this is a survey so you know
it's scientific it must be completely
true
so here are the cities that they found
the happiest in America I'll just read
them quickly Scot Arizona Columbia
Maryland Pearl City Hawaii San Francisco
California halulu Hawaii Irvine
California Madison Wisconsin San Jose
California Overland Park Kansas and
Fremont California so we've got out of
the top 10 San Francisco Irvine San Jose
and Fremont four of the top 10 are
California
ities do you know
why well first of all I doubt the
question about San Francisco I'm not
sure that that's accurate but um it's
the
weather it's the weather the the weather
just really really makes a difference if
you have a choice go where the weather's
good so these are just four places in
California where the weather's real good
Los Angeles isn't on the
list I'm surprised San Francisco's on
there
anyway um do you remember Christine
blazzy Ford blazzy Ford she's the one
who said that uh justice Kavanaugh
sexually assaulted her or something and
Molly Hemingway uh posts 20 things that
would strongly suggest she lied about
the whole thing now I don't have to go
through the whole list but just know
that there are 20 really strong
indications that they never met and she
made up the whole
thing but
somehow that story has emerged
again there's a lawyer who is just sued
in Great Britain for saying that only
women can have
periods so they got some pretty bad hate
speech rules over there that would be
considered hate speech to say that only
women can have
periods um I call them vagina having
people
people so that's how I get away they're
just vagina having
people all right
um rasmuson is reporting some uh poll
results on voters that suggest the
Republicans are going to gain seats in
the upcoming election so here's the
details from raspon all right so if the
elections for congress were held today
47% would vote for Republican candidates
while 41 would vote for Democrat so
that's is a Sixpoint spread it's been
higher it's been as high as uh nine
recently in January but um two years ago
in March 22 Republicans had an 11-point
lead um around now but in the final
polling before election day Republicans
had a five-point lead and that
five-point lead compare that to today's
Sixpoint lead um got them a net gain of
nine
seats so and they captured house so net
gain now the the immigrants coming in
who are going to boost the number of uh
congressional seats that won't kick in
until after the next census I guess so
it's a a long-term
play but uh do you think this will hold
do you think that this indication does
tell you that Republicans will do well
well there's going to be so much that
happens between now and then yeah that
that lead will evaporate between now and
then
all right if you're not watching the
ongoing story about the Dominion
machines and there is allegations from a
sheriff in Michigan that he's seen
documentation to suggest that serbians
accessed the machines the voting
machines while votes were being
counted that's quite an allegation so
the
allegation which I'm not saying is true
I'm just reporting the allegation is
that the Sheriff says there were at
least two serbians Nationals who were
accessing the machines in real time
while they were
watching while the votes were being
counted now the access they had
presumably would give them the ability
to change things doesn't mean they did
uh Dominion's comment on this is that it
is flatly
false flatly false didn't happen now
here's what we're waiting for flatly
false is is sort of lacky in
details here's what a real denial would
sound like that is flatly false followed
by the reason and the reason would sound
like I'll just make this one up but it
would sound like something like this uh
you're looking at records that are from
the wrong
day I'm not saying that's true I'm just
saying that's the sort of thing you'd
expect or they'd say uh yes the serbians
work for us they were contractors they
did have access but we walled off their
thing and we can check the records to
see if they did anything so it was it
was fine don't worry about it now I
didn't hear that and maybe that will
come later but what you expect for a
real denial is some some acknowledgment
that the evidence
exists but your version of it is that
it's not saying what you think it's
saying when there's a flat denial that
doesn't acknowledge that the people
making the alleg or looking at a piece
of paper with writing on it that it
exists to not mention what the real
story is about whatever it is they're
looking
at is sort of a dog that's not barking
really loudly so keep an eye on this one
I remind you that uh 95 to 100% of every
Claim about the 2020 election is highly
likely to be
wrong even if the election was rigged
but any specific claim and this would be
a specific
claim uh is unlikely to be true however
this one is getting a little bit more
attention than most of them and there
does seem to be a
document and there are some questions
doesn't mean that anything happened that
was illegal or that it was
rigged it just means that if you ever
thought our system was
auditable do you feel stupid now is
there anybody here who ever believed we
could audit our election system and find
out if it was
proper who whoever believe
that here
again I think Democrats believe it if
they have not worked and lived in the
real world now I have worked and lived
in the real world and a lot of the times
it was my job to fund and put together
you know technology packages complicated
things often make uh I would often be
collecting data from different sources
to do an analysis if you've done that
kind of
business you know what any complicated
environment looks
like so the election system is a
complicated
environment I don't need to have direct
evidence or direct experience with that
domain to make the following claim
there's no way you can audit that
thing it's just like my my state about
you can't measure the temperature of the
earth you know correctly and over time
and show the change you can't do those
things in the real
world in the real world you can't you
can't increase diversity without
discriminating because there just aren't
enough candidates not in the real world
and 100% of people with real world
experience know that you know some might
lie because you know their team is lying
but we all know
it everybody who has lived in the real
world knows that you can't keep those
measuring devices accurate over time the
maintenance problems the concrete
problems the the fact that they measure
the high and the lows instead of you
know just the average there all kinds of
problems plus the number of places that
aren't measured the fact that heat can
go hide in different places in the
planet for a while and then you know
move around and you don't have
measurements everywhere so you can't
capture
that and then they tell us that the
election is a
no nobody who's ever spent a minute in
the real world could look at anything
that complicated with so many different
players involved and you just ask
yourself Scott can you track your own
vote to make sure it got to his
destination was and was counted no
that's all you need to know that's the
end of the story if I can't if I can't
track my own vote no it's not
auditable who would ever think that who
would think that you could check every
part of a automated system and that
nobody could get in there and you know
put a little bug in there or a worm or
something and and that the company
producing it has every right to keep
their software
proprietary so do you do you think
there's somebody who's just an
independent Observer who has access to
uh dominions
software like to actually look at the
SCE
code I don't know I would think that
they would keep that to themselves in
the real world in the real world they're
not going to let anybody see it which
means you don't know what it's
doing right in the real world if you
design a
system and it's not giving you what you
want year after year after year same
problems if you don't change it or talk
loudly about your desire to change it
then it's not the problem is that you
designed it to do what it's doing right
design shows you intention over time you
know on day one something might do not
do what you hoped it would do but over
time if we keep having these results
that the public isn't completely
trusting and they're not getting the
results quickly and there's a lot of you
know credibility questions if you don't
fix
that it's because you want it not to be
fixed so
again if you have any real world
experience and you and look at the
difference of opinions from the people
with real world experience versus those
who don't and it's a waste of time to
have an argument with somebody who
doesn't have real world business
experience if I get a in a conversation
with somebody has no real world business
experience they're going to say of
course we can improve diversity
everywhere at the same time no you can't
that's
stupid no nobody with experience thinks
that uh and uh that you can audit the
elections nobody with any technical
experience believes that show me anybody
who who's ever written a functional
piece of code and you tell me that
they'll honestly think you can audit the
entire election system nobody not a
single person with
experience people with experience who
think you can measure the planet Earth
none these are really clean examp
examples of things that are lies we know
those are not doable things all right
ladies and
gentlemen this brings me to the
conclusion of the best live stream
you're going to see today do you want
some optimism to close down who wants
some
optimism all right here's some
everything's trending in the right
direction except debt but I think we'll
figure that out too everything's
trending in the right direction so
they're terrible
problems which um in real time are being
reframed and the big difference between
this year and prior years is the growth
of the Independent
Media
so Independent Media you know the Glenn
greenwalls the Matt taies the Michael
shellenberger and people like me we get
to say what the mainstream corporate
media can say and it really is making a
difference
now you're you're already seeing the
power of the internet dads and I I'll
say internet moms as well have you seen
it have you seen any situation where the
the let's say the uh responsible people
who know how things work have put a a
damper on things yeah that whole uh um
blood bath thing the bloodbath thing was
turned into a
joke by the independent
by people like me We turned it into a
joke and it it completely disabled the
Democrats because every time they said
it we would laugh at them and make fun
of it and create and get content and the
more they said it the more we laughed
and the funnier it was and they finally
just sort of slunk away because I don't
think they're talking about it today are
they and it got crazier when they
brought in their smartest people all
right we really screwed up in this makes
some kind of weird lawyerly argument
where the bloodbath thing starts to make
sense again so then they started to say
well okay granted he wasn't talking
about it like that it was just about the
car business but that's what he does so
it really must be seen in the context of
our other
hoaxes so we hoaxed you about the fine
people we hoaxed you about whipping
immigrants if you believe that well
obviously and so once it got to the
point where they were using their other
hoaxes to prop up the new hoax and all
the independent people could see it and
we talked about it and we thought it was
funny it kind of made it go away so
there's going to be more of that things
are very different this time and I think
we're going to be watching for any
 in the election um in my opinion
there's no chance that they won't
attempt to rig the election
that's my view I I see no chance none at
all that the Democrats will just play
fair um I think they'll try to rig it in
legal means you if they can change some
rules in ways that help but definitely
in illegal means too because uh that's
the world we're
in I can't believe for a minute they
would allow uh Trump to become president
if they could stop it because they've
all been convinced he's like the second
coming of Hitler so of course they're
going to try to stop
him of course but I think that between
the Independent Media which makes a big
difference uh X and Elon which makes a
big difference in our free speech I do
think that the corrective forces are
lining
up uh I think that it's starting to look
to me like Trump
will get through all of his
lawfare now I'm not sure I would have
said that two months ago
but the way things are shaping up that
even if he can't pay his fine to Leticia
James I shouldn't admit this but I'm
going
to there's part of me the hopes he can't
pay the
fine is anybody having that same
feeling because I feel this needs to be
pushed to the breaking
point I want to see Trump say I can't
pay it we're going to review it and you
can't make me pay pay it before it's
appealed you're going to have to put me
in jail now I think what they try to do
is close his businesses in other words I
think that Leticia and her goons would
show up with you know police tape like
tape up the his building and say we own
it now imagine
that do you think they have the gusts to
do that do you think that New Yorkers
would allow them to take over the
building right in front of them well a
lot of them would
but a lot of them
wouldn't a lot of them wouldn't so
there's part of me that says let's push
this but I don't want to risk Trump
actually being in jail you know because
they could very easily Peter Navaro him
too
but I don't feel like nibbling around
the edges on this is
working it's just going to cost them a
billion dollars I think he needs to go
right at it and just say you know what
every person in the whole
country can see what's happening he
should stand in front of his building on
the on the deadline and say here I
am here I am but do it in front of
everybody now I can't recommend that
Trump do that because he'd probably end
up in jail and that's not cool but
there's but there's part of me that
fantasizes he just pushes it Until It
Breaks you know you know you know if you
have that loose tooth you've ever lost a
tooth when you're a kid
and you can't stop pushing it with your
tongue because it's
loose and you just you at some point
even though it hurts you just want to
rip that thing
out that's how I'm feeling let's just
pull that mole around and see what
happens anyway um I'm going to talk to
the people on locals after I say goodbye
to the rest of you on this platform they
get the special after show because
they're so special and uh thanks for
joining on X and locals and YouTube and
uh Rumble too see you tomorrow same time
same
place