bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
everybody sing along pom pom pom pom
okay if you forgot the words it doesn't
really matter because the words are pu m
pu m pu m pump pump pump pump oh I know
why you're here you're here because it's
another great day a great day one of the
best days if you were to compare today
to all the other days
top shelf one of the best and that's
because you're gonna start your day with
a dopamine hit that's gonna just I I
don't know it's just gonna last all day
it's gonna feel great it begins with the
simultaneous imp and you know what you
need that's right a cup or a glass or
mug Stein attacker - chalice could be
some kind of a thermos could be a flask
and for our men and women in the Armed
Forces a canteen could be a vessel of
any kind but join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure of these
simultaneous uh well I see in the
comments that somebody has has been
misspelling pom pom pom pom pom is not
with the B as in boy no no it's with the
P as in Paul
pom pom pom pom pom there's so much news
let's get to it
you all saw the excitement yesterday
when bill pulled a announced his hashtag
Twitter of philanthropy he was giving
away over a hundred thousand dollars to
people who just said they needed it for
real good reasons and he's already
started giving away gifts of you know a
thousand several hundred etc a number of
other people mark Schneider I think I
just saw a few other people who said
yeah I'll give I'll give $100 I'll give
$300 so people are starting to jump in
but the most exciting one is that
apparently Kanye West is in but Kanye
instead of
vetting each individual persons request
which is a lot of work seems to have
delegated that to Bill Paul T's group
who will be doing the vetting so Kanye
West infer $250,000 which he'll get some
help distributing how about that huh so
and what the the world is so small so so
bill Paul T has this idea he starts
tweeting around with his phone I think
the the entire technological requirement
of everything he's done was the phone
that was already in his pocket that's it
that was the entire technological
requirement you know that plus the
Internet to do what he wanted to do and
next thing you know he's he's got the
President of the United States
retweeting him the Internet is lighting
up people are giving it away and more
importantly people are feeling good
they're just feeling good about the
whole thing and I think the I think the
psychology of it is the important thing
and you should also look at where does
this go you know where what is it what
door does it open what what does it make
us think about differently and I want to
give you a glimpse of what I think might
be the future but something I've talked
about before and it gets and it's part
of this direct giving model that bill
Polti is a pioneering here on Twitter
but I think this could even go someday
to the next level wouldn't you like to
see an app in which a poor person or
just somebody who's struggling at the
moment needs a specific amount of small
amount of money just just to get out of
the hole if you if they you just get out
of the hole they can do the rest maybe
they just need to finish a class take
your trading class maybe they just need
to pay off a bill or have somebody to
watch their kids something like that but
imagine if you will that any poor person
could use an app and put in essentially
a funding request
now GoFundMe isn't quite the model
because that's for bigger projects but
something about something for somebody
who has a job in another state they've
landed a job but they can't get there
they can't afford it would you pay you
know I don't know thousand dollars maybe
most of you would not because money's
tight but let's say if you're rich would
you pay a thousand dollars if all you
have to do is push some buttons on your
app and you can see the profile of the
picture the full requests maybe even tax
returns whatever it takes that there's
some person who just needs help and
maybe you could push a button and you
could talk to that person so you could
find out if they're real how about that
you just push the button to talk to them
say okay are you real I just want to
talk to you for a minute
because if you are real I'm gonna give
you the money that you want it no
strings attached it's not a loan it's
just a gift I'm mad imagine what that
would do to the world imagine every
person who needs something can can put
it in a little an app and the world can
see it and then you can decide whether
to help that person maybe you get some
updates on how things go
wouldn't that feel good maybe you get it
up you get a regular updates to the app
that gift that you gave to Bob you know
he's back at his feet he got his teeth
made he's you know he's he's having
trouble now it would be amazing all
right
you saw the Trump came out against
cryptocurrencies yesterday did you see
that so Trump made a pretty strong stand
that the US dollar is the only real
money he was I think he was specifically
going after Facebook's
idea for their crypto the Libre but he
was talking in general about Bitcoin etc
now what did that do to Bitcoin let us
look cuz it changes so often I have to
look at every moment to find out Bitcoin
is up so the President of the United
States says crypto is crap and it
increases in value
possibly because he drew attention to it
right but there are a lot of people in
the crypto world
I may have this wrong so fact-check
nearness but I think I saw that Mike
Serna came down pretty hard on the
president for that opinion essentially
indicating that it was backwards and
under-informed now my take on all crypto
whether it's the Bitcoin or my own
startups crypto which is a token not a
coin called the web I don't know if
anybody knows I don't know there's it
that there's anybody smart enough in the
entire world to know what's gonna happen
with crypto I'll say one thing that I'm
completely confident about there will be
crypto currencies in the future and
people will use them and some of them
will be very successful whether that
continues to always be Victorian or it's
you theory or something else but I'm
sure it'll be something we just don't
know what this reminds me very much of
and by the way I've said this before if
a new country formed today so if
somebody could just start a country from
scratch from you know empty land and
they could make up all the road rules
one of the rules you would make up is
you would get rid of cash money because
cash money is behind almost all crime if
you think about it if we did not have
physical cash which is the only thing
that's hard to track most crime would
just go away because we would know where
everybody is and what they're doing and
they couldn't buy illegal guns they
couldn't they just couldn't do a lot of
stuff so in the future crypto has so
many advantages and that it it's here to
stay
I think the president the president is
I'm going to say he's right and wrong
he's right to alert people that there's
a big risk that's very fair ok if you
don't get that you know you could get
yourself in trouble so I think that's
good service to say there's a big risk
it's just not for everybody but at the
same time something in that world we
don't know exactly what will be around
for a long time probably Bitcoin I will
refer you back to what I call the Sidman
effect feminine being Eric feminine the
boy genius Bitcoin millionaire who is
prescient in his predictions and one of
the fins predictions by the way he was
one of the first people who saw a
president Trump coming before that was
obvious but he's also made a call on
Bitcoin not too long ago that Bitcoin
was going to go on a run in almost
exactly the time he made the call boom
Bitcoin has been on a and a pretty
system sustained rung talking about
something else the tech summit happened
yesterday at the same time the tech
summit happened Twitter coincidentally
had a major outage worldwide it was out
for an hour so I don't know about you
but I felt disconnected in a way that
was very unsettling you know it's I'm
completely aware of the fact that I'm
addicted to social media specifically
Twitter or not I'm not addicted to any
of the other social platforms but I'm
very addicted to Twitter and going in an
hour without Twitter and knowing that
even if I wanted to check it I couldn't
and not knowing when the outage would be
over or what caused it so it was also
unsettling to know why it was out was
was very disconcerting I actually had a
little mental anguish about that I was
sitting in my backyard in my hammock on
a perfect summer day the Sun was out the
temperature was ideal I had just the
right amount of shade I'm in the hammock
I'm under a lovely tree my trusty dog
Snickers is next to me it was a perfect
scene and as I'm in the in the hammock
I'm thinking to myself I don't feel
right I don't have access
to Twitter what's wrong with me I've got
to get out of this hammock his Twitter
up yet his Twitter up yet so you know if
you ever doubt the effect that the big
tech companies have on you I'll tell you
any doubt was removed in that moment
anyway so that was just a coincidence it
turns out that it was down during the
tech summit it felt like it was a weird
coincidence but it was just the
coincidence and so let's talk about the
text on it I didn't know how this tech
summit was gonna go this it really could
have gone off the rails pretty easily
there were there were just lots of ways
things could have gone wrong and there
weren't many ways if you were to look at
all the ways that could go wrong and
compare it to all the ways that could go
right the ways that could go right that
was a little that was a tight little
hallway right it was a lot of landmines
there right but my analysis is that it
went right I think the president was
really deft deft d EFT in the way he
handled it we'll talk about that moment
and I would also say that the organizers
were very successful in in managing the
let's say the the public impression of
it here's how have you seen any group
photos of the event because I haven't I
I think that there were no group photos
which was very good idea it was very
strong because the whole point of this
gathering is that they invited the
people who were the the edgy people who
were the first to experience any kind of
bias because the edge year you are the
more provocative you are the sooner
you're going to notice any social media
bias so of course if you're having let's
put it this way if you're gonna have a
conference about theft on the high seas
you would invite pirates because pirates
are the only ones who know know what's
happening right pirates are the ones
were
doing things on the high seas so if you
could talk about piracy you invite
pirates if you're going to talk about
people who get possibly less a shadow
band or throttles on the Internet well
the only people can talk about that are
people have had that experience and the
people who are going to have that first
are the people who are the most
interesting the most provocative the
most socially let's say socially non
mainline so of course that's who the
group was that was the whole point
now who can talk to a group of pirates
and I'll just say pirates in this
generic way of people who are not doing
what society wants them to do who can
talk to a group of miscellaneous pirates
better than the President of the United
States this specific president president
Trump nobody nobody nobody feels more
confident and more at ease in a room
full of anything that is one of the
things about this president have you
ever noticed him being uncomfortable in
a room
the only time he looks uncomfortable is
when he's visiting the Queen in England
he looked real uncomfortable with all
the you know all the requirements of
good you know good etiquette but you put
him you throw him in any any mixed crowd
of you know who knows what and he's
perfectly comfortable and he was
perfectly comfortable there and gave
what I thought was a tremendous speech
so here's another thing that the
President did right I don't have the
exact language maybe somebody can put it
in the comments but I saw a paraphrase
so here's here's the most the delicate
thing he had to handle he had to handle
the delicacy there's some of the people
he invited are not people he would
necessarily endorse personally that's a
very tight line right because he invited
them because they're supporters because
they have a legitimate complaint we
don't know you know what's accurate
what's not but it's a legitimate concern
let's say but he did
want to say therefore I believe
everything you believe or I you know
your conspiracy theory is my conspiracy
theory he didn't want to he didn't want
to attach himself too strongly to all
the various opinions there because they
were all over the place it wouldn't make
sense so he gives his speech and he says
I'm paraphrasing again some person does
that's he looks at the crowd and says
you know you're you're all amazing
incredible people and that in the same
sentence without stopping he goes not
all of you I thought that was the most
that was like the best brain surgeon
you've ever done slicing just the
smallest part of the brain off so he
gets all of the tumor without affecting
the brain the level of skill it took to
thread that needle will never be
appreciated because it was such a small
moment you know in in the larger
tapestry of life that I don't think he
will ever be recognized for how clever
that was I'm saying again he looked at
the crowd in person you could tell that
he had affection for them all right so
the first thing he did right was he was
it was clear that he had genuine
affection for this crowd even talked
about the things they produce he said
man that the crap you produce and he
just laughs because he was saying a lot
of it is just crap but his funny crap is
creative crap
it's well-intentioned crap he liked
their crap he was even essentially
calling a crap not all of it but you
know some of it he said it was crap at
the same time he was kind of happy about
it who could pull that off really who
could pull that off and and then he
looked at the crowd and he literally
insulted them in such a funny way not
all of them he said that you know this
is you're great you're amazing well not
all of you and as soon as he said that
everybody felt like a moment of honesty
right because I think he does think a
lot of the people in that group do gray
things and in fact got him elected you
know they were a big part of it so he I
think his gratitude seemed since
here I thought his affection seemed
sincere and then somehow he actually
gave himself some distance by saying
well you know you're great well not all
of you it was really brilliant it was
one of his best public performances I
think but my favorite part about this
was IO and the reason that it was smart
not to have all the group pictures is
because when you have that kind of a
group anybody who's standing next to
somebody else becomes a news story like
wow look who's standing next to somebody
else and somehow they avoided all that
apparently there were some rules in
place about who could be photographed
the photos we've seen is of the backs of
heads and then it's actually the best
photo they possibly could have
engineered it's the backs of heads of
all the supporters so you can't really
tell who is who
perfect and then the genuine will say is
that the right word no let's say the
mainstream press we're all forced to
stand in the back they don't have chairs
and there and of course they're getting
abused the whole time so that photo is
just perfect which is perfect so that
was like a plus plus for how to handle
that situation but here's my here's my
favorite part you know I'm gonna talk
about Sebastian Gorka right so there was
a writer for Playboy a credentialed
reporter who was there and I guess he
yelled out something maybe he wasn't
happy about the reporters have to him to
be in the back or something I don't know
what it was it doesn't matter but he got
into it in the Rose Garden at this event
with Sebastian Gorka who you've all
probably seen the clip by now who
started yelling at him that he was a
punk and you know coming toward him like
he's calling him out you know let's
let's make this physical so it was the
strangest scene to see you know a
shouting match calling for essentially
directly and directly calling for a
physical confrontation at this you know
peaceful little Rose Garden event
Gorka Hulk somebody say now there's some
there's some let's say ambiguity or
confusion about what actually happened
there it's a little unclear what the
Playboy reported kerim is that his last
name it's a little unclear what he said
and it's a little unclear what he meant
because he said something like take it
outside which I think Gorka interpreted
as let's go outside and fight because
his his response to it was as if they
had been said but then the guy who said
it said no I didn't mean to go outside
and fight what I meant was take the
conversation outside or something like
that now I have no opinion on who said
what what anybody meant what anybody
should have done I I don't know doesn't
matter here's the part I love what's the
only visual and the only video that's
worth a damn they came out of the event
well there's the President's speech
that's always good for the president
because the focus was on him and he was
he was really magnificent in the way he
worked that particular crowd that was
that was just real strong performance
but the only other thing that was a
visual element and the news needs visual
right it's not news if it's just a
concept and you're talking about it's
boring news nobody wants to click it
nobody wants to see it you need a
picture and the only picture that
anybody got into that was Gorka yelling
at the mainstream reporter who probably
had it comin now you could argue that
you know maybe you know maybe Gorka
overreacted or anything but none of it
matters
none of it matters to my point in terms
of how we received this event
you saw Gorka yelling at a mainstream
reporter you probably thought he had it
comin you know if you're a trump
supporter you probably just assume that
I don't know if he had it coming or not
all I know is that Sebastian Gorka got a
lot of attention it's probably going to
is probably going to help his ratings on
his on his show
and it was a Salem radio he's on there
and it also sort of demonstrated a key
theme of Trump supporters which is don't
back down don't apologize that's the
sort of becoming the unofficial theme
don't back down don't apologize you know
it'll never be a campaign theme and and
shouldn't but among supporters you guys
that a lot and and he demonstrated that
so he demonstrated it in a big visual
way that you'll remember and I I just
thought it was sort of perfect obviously
it wasn't planned but the only video
that came out of that whole event was
something that would totally entertain
Trump supporters and other people would
say uh you know it's just a guy yelling
they wouldn't care one way or another so
that was perfect
accidental but perfect all right so we
got a decision on the census issue about
whether the census would include the
question about citizenship the president
decided and the Attorney General bar
decided that because of logistics and
timing and they had to get the census
out and there was no way to work the
process through the courts again to get
to get the question on there they knew
they could and I think they're right
about that that if they've gone through
the process they could get that question
on there but there wasn't enough time
and they didn't want to wait so they
decided to take their temporary loss in
the courts and rather than try to
reverse it which I think they would have
succeeded and eventually they would have
taken too long so they decided to the
president issues an executive order to
tell the rest of the government to
provide their databases to the Commerce
Department because the collective
databases of all the different
government entities will actually tell
you who is the citizen now where did you
hear that idea before anybody anybody
so I'm just waiting to see ya okay so
watching your comments now right so I'm
pretty sure the first time you heard
that as even the suggestion was from me
the other day and I was noting that we
probably don't need to ask people if
they're citizens as long as they're
willing to tell us their their name and
where they live and that sort of thing
if you have that stuff you can compare
it to your Social Security database and
if they don't have a Social Security
number well probably not a citizen and
remember that the census doesn't have to
be a hundred percent accurate you're
just doing the best you can everybody
knows it's an estimate in a number of
different ways and sure enough that was
exactly what the administration decided
to do now here's the funny part
the funny part about this is that the
the opposition to putting that question
on the census was entirely about that it
would discourage people from filling it
out there everybody everybody banked on
that reason the opposition you know who
may not be a legitimate in the sense
that they automatically disagree with
Trump no matter what the question is but
what they had settled on is that putting
that question in the census would make
people not fill it out if they were
afraid of being deported I'm not sure
that's the case but it was enough of her
worry that it was I think it was a
legitimate worry but having the
government just do it with its own data
completely eliminates that problem it
doesn't just eliminate it a little it
completely eliminates it because people
will just be saying stuff that they say
all the time what's your name blah blah
and there are some people estimating
that doing you through the database will
get you a much more accurate count so
the president managed to find a solution
that has no objections and is more
accurate and completely feasible as far
as we can tell now we might find out
later that yeah it's harder than we
think
maybe some parts of the government will
resist who knows maybe the databases are
not that compatible but here's that I
want to give you a thought that forms
the the basis of my upcoming book that
won't be out until November called loser
think this is just an uncorrected proof
this is not the actual book and one of
the central themes of the book is that
if you have experience in a number of
domains let's say economics and
marketing politics whatever the domains
are if you have acted if you have some
experience in more domains you can see
the world more clearly than people who
are have only seen the world through one
domain so for example I often say that
reporters miss business concepts if
you're a reporter you probably came
through a a path of learning to write
and literature maybe had an English
degree you haven't had a lot of
experience being a manager or an
entrepreneur in most cases and to me
that creates a blind spot because when
they're covering business people they
don't quite always understand why they
make the decisions they do and when
they're covering President Trump
President Trump is the perfect example
of someone who has experience across all
kinds of domains you know he's done he
knows how to put on the show he's done
business he's done politics you know
money finance you name it he's been
involved in so many things that he's got
he's got some visibility on all those
domains now here's here's why this is
important on the census question we were
all focused on the question of whether
or not you could put a question on the
forum and it became like a magic trick
because a magician's trick is that while
he's distracting you with this hand the
actual magic is happening with the other
hand while you're not watching it's like
oh I'm doing something this hand don't
look don't look it's redirection
somewhat accidentally the census
question became a magic trick because we
were all focused on that question about
citizenship question yes or no and it
it it accidentally limited your thinking
about alternatives because the
alternative of just using the databases
you already have it was always there
it was always completely there there was
nothing to discover it the moment you
heard it let me ask you if this is true
when I explained this idea the other day
the moment you heard it did you did you
say to yourself oh god that's right
yeah why wouldn't that work did you have
a feeling like that because you should
have because it's completely practical
and as soon as you hear it you say why
weren't we talking about that before
here's the blind spot to get back to
this concept of people having limited
visibility because of the the skill sets
they have I would I would say that my
experience in corporate America in which
my my normal everyday job was often the
discussion at the phone company about
whether this database could be
compatible with this one what's the
differences between these databases why
does our customer database not line up
completely with the billing database can
we combine two databases to find
something new
can we mine the databases to get
something else if you had a corporate
job sort of a headquarters job you
probably had that sort of discussion a
lot of times let me see in the comments
how many of you have had a day job you
know just your career one where you
you've routinely had the had the
conversation about what's in the
database how do you get this out of a
database how do you compare these
databases you know look at all the yeses
going by so here's my here's my bottom
line because I have that experience I
matically primed to ask the question hey
do we already have a database with that
information
it's just automatic I would argue that
if you would replace all the people in
government who were asked who are
focused on putting a question on the
census if you just replaced them all
with a randomly selected
people who just work in cubicles just
ordinary cubicle people who have
ordinary cubicle jobs you just take them
and say okay you're in charge of the
government for a day you have no
experience except your own experience
which is working in a cubicle for a
corporation now take care of the census
thing it would have taken five minutes
am I wrong in five minutes somebody in
the of somebody from the cubicle world
would have said have we looked at our
databases you know I'm right right it
would have been obvious anybody in the
cubicle who had experience with looking
at databases and trying to manage them
etc which is most people because it
always comes up it's the most common
thing that comes up they would have said
hey maybe we already have a database
let's let's see what we already have how
far can we get with that before we do
something that's hard to do so I would
say this was always hiding in plain
sight it was hiding in plain sight and
that's what this book is about this is
how you get in the bubble you get in the
bubble and you stay there because you
don't have vision through other lenses
and whoever came up with the idea to use
the databases in the government I'm
going to assume that it was an obvious
enough idea that you know that there's
somebody in the administration who had
the same idea I would think that that's
somebody who probably had a little bit
more business experience and when they
told other people the other people said
oh why wasn't that obvious until you
told me and then they and then they and
they implemented so that was that was
just a delightful little conclusion to
that question all right
I got a retweeted the other day by Ann
Coulter now Ann Coulter does not follow
me on Twitter so it was unusual that I
got a retweet but of course the topic
was about illegal immigration so that
was sort of inner inter wheelhouse
and I don't know why I mentioned that I
just I'll tell you I mentioned it when
you're on Twitter and you have a big
account you have all these weird little
objectives that don't really have any
purpose that you sort of keep in your
mind and I always wondered huh I say so
many things about Trump you think that
Ann Coulter would probably retweet mute
now and that but so - no - no important
reason whatsoever
I was excited just because I'm a big fan
so let me let me close that point by
saying whether or not you ever agree
with what in Coulter says and I often do
not agree with her she is a wonderful
writer I would say one of the best
writers this country has ever produced
just an amazing communicator so a
respect on that level even when I don't
agree on the details but I did a little
Twitter poll the other day this is what
she retweeted and of course a Twitter
poll is non-scientific
a Twitter poll doesn't tell you you
can't rely on it for anything right so
we're not claiming there's any science
to this but I thought it was interesting
and I asked the question in your opinion
what is the biggest long-term keywords
long-term long-term threat to low-income
people in the United States and I gave
four choices of course there are lots of
potential choices but I wanted to see
how people would select among these four
and I said climate change national debt
economic slowdown or illegal immigration
now of course most of my Twitter
followers are Trump supporters and you
should not be surprised that they said
that the biggest threat to low-income
people was illegal immigration and they
said that at a 70% level the other ones
climate change 5% national debt 10%
economic slowdown 15% now of course they
all overlap right you know each of these
influences the other and somebody said
hey you left out
etc somebody says what's my choice good
question you know oddly enough I'm not
sure I have one you know all of these
things could end us and they could all
end us pretty quickly you know I am NOT
going to give you my opinion because it
would sort of be a weird boring mix of I
wouldn't want to choose one it's all
about risk management spread across
multiple risks you don't want to hear
that so I'll just say this here's what I
was trying to get out of this survey
what I was not trying to get out of the
survey and also the reason you don't
need to hear my answer to it is that I
didn't really care what the right answer
is so there's no right answer because
we're not really good at predicting this
sort of thing no right answer but I did
want to know what the intentions were of
the people who are Trump supporters
because I wondered if the intentions
behind wanting a border wall were purely
crime racism whatever whatever's the
worst thing you could think of or is
there actually some altruism that's
baked in there now I don't think this
unscientific Twitter poll can captain
that right so I'm not going to say that
we've concluded anything but I'm
fascinated by the question of what do
the people on the Left think that the
people on the right are thinking when
they say we need strong border security
what do they think they're thinking what
do they think they're intentions well
they're intentions the people on the
Left believe the intentions on the right
are entirely racist I believe there are
some people on the right whose
intentions are sorta racist
so certainly those people exist the
David Dukes etc you know might just want
and fewer fewer non-white people so
that's real but by far my impression is
that it's some tiny minority and that
other people are just
sort of team players and they buy into
the the the larger stated purpose that
is good for the economy and good for the
economy means very much good for the
lower end of the economy of the people
and who need the help would be the jobs
and so I would love to see if there was
if there were any way to create an
actual scientifically statistically
valid poll I would love to see if you
could tease out the intentions on the
people on the right because imagine
you're you're a person on the Left let's
say let's say you're you're an African
American citizen of the United States
which I guess is the same thing as being
African American and and you're looking
at this border a question and the people
on the Left who are your people for the
most part are saying hey these
Republicans that are all racist and
that's why they're doing it now what
would you conclude if you you're a black
citizen in this country what would you
conclude I think you might look at it
and say yeah you know I'm a little
suspicious of why they want this and if
they're going to be prejudiced against
immigrants well they're probably
prejudiced against me too you know a
bigots a bigot so I can imagine it would
be easy to have that opinion but what
would happen if black Americans saw a
valid poll that said that by far a huge
majority of conservatives are primarily
interested in employment and good
economic outcomes for the people at the
lower end which is you know there's a
greater concentration of African
Americans and lower end of the economic
spectrum and the intentions behind that
are really pretty good they're really
pretty good intentions and I don't think
that that question gets asked or
answered you know we we have the
discussion and you know people make
their claims and other people make their
claims but doesn't if you are if you're
a black voter in the United States
doesn't it all come down to
the intentions you think it comes down
to the economics the numbers the crime
you think it comes down to the data you
think it comes down to the facts but not
really you know we're not that kind of
species our species doesn't use facts to
make decisions we make decisions because
people things feel right and then we
rationalize them with our facts that's
who we are if you're a black voter don't
you really want to know what
conservatives are thinking are they
thinking let's get a strong barter so we
can keep out all the brown people are
they thinking that some undoubtably some
some people on the right or to think he
exactly that but one of most people
thinking cuz that's why you care about
right you don't care about the outliers
you don't care about the Pirates you
don't care about the you know the
provocative people what oh what a most
people think conservatives intentions
are and there's there any way to get to
that is there any way that if you're a
black American you could find some way
that you would believe that would tell
you what the intentions are for for most
of it you know again they're going to be
a portion of people who just have the
intentions that no you know you can't
support but I think it's important I
think it's important questions and let
me give you a framing suggested framing
for the people on the right let's say
you're the President and you want to you
want to sell your border security plan
whether it's a wall or just longer
border security whatever it is and you
want black Americans to feel comfortable
with the decision and to feel that that
their interests are being served
how would you frame that let me suggest
this I would say that resources are
limited so this statement everyone in
the world agrees with resources are
limited the United States doesn't have
unlimited resources we have to decide
where to put if we put it with illegal
immigrants that would
a very kind thing to do it's the sort of
people we are being kind to immigrants
is who we are and that's one of our
choices we can be kind to people were
not citizens who want to come into this
country with our limited resources
that's one of our choices but I say to
you the black citizens of the United
States
I choose you I choose you
resources are limited we could give it
to people we're not citizens we could
have more left more resources for people
who are in this country I choose you
that's a very powerful thing to say
because it's not just some concept
that's personal it's not a concept it's
personal if you say well I'm looking at
the numbers and the best thing for the
economy in the long run and our GDP and
our unemployment people here are
statistics numbers they don't hear
anything about intention just sounds
politics but if you say money isn't
unlimited it's limited I can give it to
these people and they're great people we
love immigrants
we're a country of immigrants love them
but no we don't have unlimited money I
juice you my limited money is going to
go into your direction if you don't mind
somebody saying in the comments that
Acosta just resigned I don't have a
confirmation on that maybe in your
comments somebody can confirm it I would
say that bordered on guaranteed right
did it did anybody think he wouldn't be
out of a job yeah I think the heat was
too strong I don't see there's any way
that a cost that could have stayed in
the job so if he hasn't you know let's
talk about something else let's talk
about apps team since the Acosta thing
came up the more we hear about Epstein
the less we know I mean we know more and
more about the allegations against him
but we don't know where he got his money
and we don't exactly know why he got
such a sweet deal in the first place we
hear information we hear facts we hear
explanations we hear rationalizations
but I don't know why do you it feels
like in the rumors of course are that he
either he had some kind of blackmail
over somebody important or that he was
an intelligence resource or you know
somehow he had some value or he was that
what was the third thing
an intelligence resource he was
blackmailing people or he had helped law
enforcement with Bear Stearns or
something so going after some other
group and he got a deal for that now we
don't know and I think that's a big deal
it's a pretty big deal that we don't
know why you got a good deal and it's an
even bigger deal that we can't figure
out where his money came from now if you
were Epstein and you watched the entire
country concerned about where does money
come from and then of course all the
legal stuff from the blackmail wouldn't
you at the very least tell people where
your money came from even if you were
lying right
at the very least you try to make a case
that the money was legally made so you
might say well I don't like to talk
about it but let's say I you know do
this kind of work and I stay under the
radar for good reasons but this is what
I do for a living it doesn't he doesn't
do that he's got some kind of you know
weird I'm a hedge fund guy but we don't
know much about that so everything about
this is a little concerning and I'm
trying to I'm trying to pull back my
full opinion on this because I'm so
aware that we don't know the real story
here we certainly know that something
bad happened in terms of the allegations
but we don't know the context because
that other stuff might be equally bad as
well
let's talk about the debate between
Pelosi and AOC now other people have
covered it and it's it's fun because
watching AOC accused Pelosi of racism
this might be the point as they say in
television where the Democrats jumped
the shark you know that's that's an old
TV saying meaning that your show used to
be good but then you got crazy because
you ran in and have ideas so jumping the
shark means you ran out of ideas so you
start building crazy things into your
plots for your TV show the Democrats
appear to have jumped the shark because
when they start accusing each other of
being racists that that really reveals
them to be frauds as long as the
Democrats were united in calling
Republicans racist the worst you could
say is that they were wrong about it or
that you know most people weren't and
they were exaggerating it you know but
but it was in the realm of normal
politics or at least normal the way
we've come to expect it one side is
accusing the other of being bad people
blah blah blah but as soon as the
Democrats start blaming themselves for
being racist and even the Republicans
are looking at it and saying um did you
just call Nancy Pelosi a racist because
I'm pretty sure she's a lot of things
you know we may not agree with all of
her you know her policy preferences but
even the people on the right are saying
come on Nancy Pelosi a racist same way
you will about Nancy Pelosi and and
Republicans have said a lot but even
Republicans can't get on that bus you
know even they're saying ah you know
we'd love to join you a OSI in
criticizing your own leadership but even
we can't go there I mean that's so
batshit crazy that even even we can't
jump on just for fun I mean even for
entertainment we can't agree with that
so I feel as if
that might have been we might look back
at it and see that as an important point
in other words the the cries of you're
racist you're racist you're racist which
is the entire fuel of the Democratic
Party when they're not saying misogynist
it's the entire of fuel of their party
it looks like it just you know flamed
out yeah maybe it just goes on forever
like a zombie idea and I would say
that's there's a good chance to that but
maybe just maybe we saw a turning point
there and it was somewhat accidental
here's one of my favorite bits of
persuasion yesterday and it came from
Twitter so as I mentioned before Twitter
had this major outage the entire world
was talking about and it was you know
headline news if turned on you know fox
or CNN they were talking about Twitter's
I would adjust your there are millions
of us all over the world hundreds of
millions looking at her phones trying to
refresh what's wrong what's wrong it was
a big big story and if your Twitter and
the tech summit is happening and it's
the biggest story in the world that you
went out and then you get your system up
what's the first thing you say well if
you're a normal company normal meeting
boring you say well we had the sort of
outage and our servers were doing this
and we're so sorry and we love our
customers and we're doing what we can to
you know be more reliable in the future
bla bla bla bla bla bore me to death
that would be what a normal company
would do Twitter writes two words miss
us and even funnier and even better the
em in missus wasn't even capitalized
like it was you know they they made this
statement the smallest the statement
could be two words not even capitalized
miss us
it was brilliant so compliments to
whoever it was at Twitter who's in their
messaging Department I guess they
probably have some communication staff
but whoever it was who came up with that
idea to minimize the statement - really
is so personal that you can't not love
that you can't not love that it's it was
just perfect because what it does is buy
it by going so small say miss us
it it turned that whole thing into a
personal event yeah it started now as a
corporate event and where the customers
or the users I guess and and that's the
one level of how to think about it but
when this the response comes up missus
it was so personal like I felt like a
connection to it so this is again this
is the sort of thing that nobody's gonna
write a book about you know nobody but
me will even mention it again but it was
genius I don't know it was you know just
one person probably who said why don't
we just say miss us and then probably
somebody said let's let's not even
capitalize the M like I would love to
have been in that meeting when it was
discussed because somebody is really
really smart at this stuff so I'd love
to know who that was
alright Tom Styer as you know as
announced he's going to run for
president were likely to run I don't
know but does anybody have less charisma
than Tom Styer have you ever seen any
human being who had less likability than
that guy and I I welcome him to the
fight because I don't know it's just
gonna be something fun to watch you
certainly can't become president but
it'll be very fun
I was watching Erin Burnett on CNN she
did a monologue talking about the tech
summit and some other stuff and the
reason I pointed out was it was
basically a monologue that was anti
Trump and Trump did this jump did that
blah blah
and I I watched her face the the pained
expression in her face she could almost
not keep her eyes open it was like she
was so she seemed so upset that her eyes
weren't even normal they were like you
know squeezed like with some kind of
distress now not a doctor and so I'm not
going to you know diagnose anything
certainly anybody's inner thoughts but I
will tell you that as a consumer of the
news the impression that she sent me and
again I don't know what her inner
thoughts are this is not a medical
diagnosis but the thing I received was
mental health that that she has an
actual I don't mean some kind of
permanent mental health problem but on
this topic it didn't even look a little
bit normal because she couldn't keep her
face in the normal zone there was some
kind of personal anger or stress that
was informing what she said that
completely stepped on whatever she said
like I don't even remember what she said
but I remember she looked like she was
having an actual psychological trauma
now again I'm not there's no medical
diagnosis here I'm not a doctor I'm just
saying I was received so I had the only
thing I can talk about is how it felt to
me as a listener and it was striking I
mean it was actually hard to watch
because it seemed like and whatever was
she was saying was so weak and
ridiculous
that the words didn't even matter they
didn't even sound rational so I doesn't
even matter what she said all right um I
heard a good nickname I'm hearing these
nicknames for AOC and her there were
three freshmen radicals who get lumped
together and was that Lindsey Graham who
refer to them as
you Fab Four and I thought Fab Four yeah
yeah maybe this clever nickname but you
know it's not really a great one and
then I heard on Tucker Carlson's show he
referred to a OSI and heard three other
freshmen radicals there as the four
morons of the Apocalypse the form or
odds of the apocalypse I gotta say
that's pretty pretty good pretty pretty
good so humor-wise it won't change
anything but in terms of humor-wise it's
pretty pretty good let's talk about I
tweeted just before I got on here
there's a new study about climate change
and it comes from Finnish and Japanese
researchers and before I get into this
let me give you some context don't trust
any individual study you see about
anything just period the fact that
there's a shocking new study with a
provocative conclusion and it's they're
real scientists worked on it and at
least on its surface it looks pretty
like it's credible the first thing you
should say about that is there's no more
than a 5% chances true now the
scientific studies in general about half
of them end up being things they should
not have been in peer-reviewed journals
but were so we know that from studies of
peer-reviewed science we know that about
half the time peer review doesn't catch
something that's a major problem now
when somebody goes against the most the
most agreed-upon facts and science you
have to lower even further the
likelihood that the Challenger is
correct so I'd put the odds of this new
study about to claim the science it's
actually debunking climate science I
would put the odds of it being true that
maybe 5% you know maybe 5% so that's the
context you should hear this I'm not
saying this study is true I'm saying
it's a new study that says that man-made
climate change is literally nothing or
so close to nothing that it's
relevant and this these two researchers
are making the claim that cosmic rays
influence cloud cover so much that
they're the primary drivers of what
we're seeing and that the cosmic rays
have shifted in some way that we can
measure and they're highly correlated
with cloud cover for reasons I guess
they feel like they can understand and
that when you when you include that in
your science which scientists don't it's
one of the variables that is not in
general science and it's not in the
climate science models but these new
researchers the Finnish and Japanese
scientists say that if you do include
them they are the major influencers of
cloud cover and cloud covers the major
influencer of temperature they say now
here's what's interesting about that
it's interesting first of all because it
goes against the mainstream science well
I see somebody clapping here don't get
too happy about it
like I said five percent chance this is
true or five percent chance it could be
reproduced and and become something
serious but there is some chance it's
not a zero but what I like about this is
it seems to be the kind of claim that's
easy to check what do you say if if the
claim is that cosmic rays are
influencing clouds and I think all the
scientists would agree that if something
was influencing cloud cover and they
hadn't included in in their models I
think all scientists would agree that if
clouds are part of the story
that's important so that part there's no
controversy the question is do the
cosmic rays actually influence clouds
now that feels to me like something we
could figure out maybe not with the
first study but as people start looking
at this and say well let me look at it
from another way and see if I get the
same result let me see if I can
reproduce this let me see if this is a
correlation or a cause do we know do we
know why it would be a cause can we
break this down in the lab could we do a
lab experiment you know just within lab
where somehow you reproduce cosmic rays
I don't even know if that's a
possibility and just see if the at least
the the chemistry and the physics work
in the lab it seems to me that this is a
very testable hypothesis so that's what
makes it interesting five percent chance
I would say if you don't know anything
else I give it a five percent chance
that it ends up being meaningful but
could be at least at least we can test
it did you see the video that President
Trump tweeted out of the Coast Guard
entered interdicting a semi-submersible
submarine full of cocaine you have to
see this video to make you feel amazing
about being an American you can't watch
the video without having a good feeling
about who you are and your if you're
American who you are and your place in
the world you know I tell people that
they should not take pride in the work
of other people so for example the fact
that white people invented a lot of
stuff in the past I don't take any pride
in that because I wasn't involved so I
say don't take pride in strangers if
you're if you're if your favorite
basketball team does a good job well you
can't take pride and other athletes
that's other people you know don't take
pride in other people's work but you
watch this video and I'll just describe
it there's a semi-submersible sub it's a
pretty big ship semi submersible means
that there's only a little bit of it
above the water and most of it is below
the water I assume to avoid radar or
detection or whatever and there's a big
Coast Guard ship that's coming up on it
and it's essentially giving chase and
they're and they're coming up real close
to it and the video is showing this and
you say to yourself when you're watching
this how in the world is this big Coast
Guard ship going to get this little semi
submersible that has no windows no human
beings
looks like it's probably bulletproof how
are they going to stop it without just
sinking it and I didn't think they were
going to shoot it shoot it and kill the
people in it and as I'm thinking that
you see that the the big Coast Guard
ship you know the view from the camera
is up from the Coast Guard ship and you
see them coming upon this semi
submersible sub and the water is going
crazy like this and the sea is going
everywhere and and the ship is coming
right up on it and I'm thinking to
myself oh my god they're actually gonna
just come up on the ship and maybe like
disable it by what crashing into it and
then all of a sudden you see a uniformed
military Coast Guardsmen jump from the
military ship onto the top of a semi
submersible meaning that his feet are in
the ocean the waves are coming up
everywhere all over the top of the ship
he's they're travelling at a high speed
there's a there's a Coast Guard ship
right on the tail of that god knows what
if he jumps on here with full military
gear it grabs onto this thing pulls
himself up to the to the I guess the the
little thing that sticks up where that
where the people in the sub climbed down
and you know it's sealed of course and
you see him going bang bang bang
essentially just warning the people that
he's up there and then you see him pull
this up and you know that the people in
that hole are armed to the teeth and
expecting somebody opening this thing
who could put them in jail who in the
world is that brave it was the most
amazing thing you'll ever say it was
like the bravest thing I mean I wouldn't
have done it yes you see some of the
comments people saying that their eyes
bugged out anyway the fact that this was
an American military person I assume a
member of the blood of the Coast Guard
but watching that level of just bravery
heroism
resourcefulness don't take no for an
answer
determination it was inspiring and you
know I just said you can't take credit
for the work of other people somebody
says it was a seal I wonder if that's
true
it certainly looked like somebody who
was pretty highly trained and didn't
have any fear about anything but I don't
know where was in the military it was
just a military person was very
competent and I actually felt amazing
I felt amazing because our country
collectively we created this military
group of people we came up with
processes collectively in which we could
vet people trained them find the best
people get the best people for the job
so he is this person was among the best
of us
so we don't get credit for his actual
act of heroism but we do get credit for
creating and supporting the system that
could surface this kind of hero and let
him do his work we get we get credit for
that I mean we're the back office you
know we're the support team but we did
support we do pay our taxes we do
support the military we support them
with our honor we give them you know the
holidays we we treat them like heroes
that they are and that creates them the
fact that we treat them like heroes is
what allows them to be heroes let's be
honest people wouldn't do this if they
knew that doing this would give them no
appreciation in in America I I'm sure
some people would do it just cuz it's a
good thing to do but we make it more
possible and a lot easier for Heroes to
do what they do because of the way we
treat the entire system and we can take
some credit for that we don't get credit
for his bravery but we do get credit for
creating a system that can surface a
hero like that and put it in the right
place
we gave credit for that
alright tropical storm is coming it's
named Barry is that a coincidence that
that you know Barack Obama was of course
Barry in high school is it a coincidence
that during the Trump administration a
major storm that's gonna wreak a lot of
stuff was named Barry it could be right
because they start with the the
alphabetical letters that are closer to
a and they they work on it but I wonder
do you think there's any kind of a trump
supporter in that group who said huh let
her be let her be Barry it's just a
generic name I think it's just time for
Barry now it would only be funnier if it
were Barack right and let me ask you
this all of our hurricanes are named
after people and I believe that they try
to use new names all the time
and you you end up running out of names
know you is there anything that would
prevent a future hurricane from being
named Barack Barack is a name it's a
name we are all familiar with starts
with the letter B so we should be one of
the first ones that come out of the
chute every year because they start with
a and and work their way out is there
any reason we can't have a hurricane
Barack I don't expect it to happen but
it would be hilarious if it did it would
be hilarious all right I think that's
about all we got for today it's it's
another wonderful day you know the
economy is great there's mostly peace in
the world at least you know the parts
that America cares about and
oh well I gotta tell you I'm gonna tease
something that's not coming I haven't
nailed this down but there is a credible
claim that cancer may be a thing of the
past
and
interview I've got a request down I
think I think it's gonna come together
there's somebody who has a practical
idea for virtually eliminating cancer do
you believe it
Oh we'll see if I believe it after the
interview but I have a preview of it and
based on the preview of it I actually
think there's something there and it
won't require me to know too much about
science stance or the question when you
when you hear it you'll understand what
I'm talking about I don't want to give
it away but there there is a completely
reasonable story to at least two people
who are not scientists like me it
doesn't require too much science it
doesn't seem to require testing
something in humans it doesn't seem to
require a new drug that might have a
side effect and I can't give you too
much because I don't want to I don't
want to ruin it but there seems to be
let's say let me put it this way there
seems to be a system that we have never
used that if we did would kind of be
really effective I don't know if that's
the case but we're going to talk to
somebody I hope next week on that but
that just gives you an idea of of where
things are as somebody says when next
week I'll set it up don't have a date
yet somebody says it won't happen the
industry is too big well just wait and
say
all I can tell you is that the initial
description was good enough for me to
want them to be on the show it's it's
not diet-related right so has nothing to
do a diet but will will we'll talk about
that anyway there's a lot of good stuff
going on and I hope you enjoy your day I
hope you enjoy your weekend and have a
great one