but a pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom bump I'm gonna say your
name if you come on early no riot Kristy
jeremy myers silver back black holes
matter peter Whalen alright I'm done
saying your names but you get that for
coming on early and you know what else
you get for coming on to my periscope
early I think you do I think you do it
involves a mug a beverage preferably a
beverage in the mug and get ready for
the simultaneous sip here it comes
happy Father's Day to all of you
father's out there I was gonna make a
joke that has the initials MF but I'm
not going to that would be inappropriate
all right I hope all of you saw today's
funniest tweet from our tweeter in chief
President Trump this is one of my
favorites I think it's the best one of
the summer so far so this is President
Trump this morning I guess he goes
Washington Post employer Washington Post
employees want to go on strike because
Bezos isn't paying them enough I think a
really long strike would be a great idea
employees would get more money and we
would get rid of fake news for an
extended period of time is Washington
Post a registered lobbyist I think a
really long strike would be a great idea
employees would get more money and we
would get rid of fake news all right our
next president
after this president is going to be so
boring so boring in fact our next
president after President Trump will be
so boring that I already feel sorry for
nikki Haley alright I'll just let that
hang there for a while now my other
favorite tweet is General Michael Hayden
now you might know General Michael aid
and you see him on TV a lot he is let's
say he describes himself as a former
director of CIA and NSA also an author
husband and father happy Father's Day to
General Michael Hayden but he makes this
tweet let's see if we can make this big
in which he shows a picture of I believe
it's awesome it's it's a death camp at
any in any event he shows also it's in
his Twitter feed stop his stupid iPhone
oh my god and my iPhone just went to
some mode where it only goes sideways no
matter which way I I put it so he shows
ashwin egos other governments have
separated mothers and children referring
of course to the children being
separated from their parents at the
border so it's a picture of Auschwitz I
think or a death camp whichever one it
is and other governments have separated
mothers and children so I retweeted that
and said I would have picked schools as
my example now of course I'm mocking the
overwrought analogy because people came
into my Twitter feed and said how can
you compare a school to a death camp
like you're not really getting the
getting the point here or how can you
compare kids and detention camps to
school and I say well you're getting
warm
you're getting close to the point here
analogies is there anything analogies
can do except make things worse
I don't know how many times I have to
point it out to you that whenever
anybody uses an analogy in a persuasive
context it just totally blows up it
doesn't do anything good but I will say
that because Hayden was NSA and CIA he
did do something very smart
what did general Hayden do that's very
smart in his tweet showing the picture
of Auschwitz and with the bad analogy
comparing it to the to the kids being
taken from their parents at the border
yeah the visual so by adding the visual
the the analogy is just sort of a
carrier the analogy isn't the important
part the important part was the visual
and you put that visual in your head and
then it just you have this automatic
association so what the good General is
doing is top-rate CIA quality persuasion
disguised as a bad analogy because the
analogy is ridiculous but the picture oh
my god the picture is gold so as evil as
this is and it is quite evil it's also
very effective so being consistent I try
to call out the tools you can make your
own decisions on the ethics of it in
this case the ethics are horrible in my
opinion but that's separate from the
tools alright let's talk about the
ongoing question of the children who are
being ripped from their parents at the
border let me start this conversation
the only way anybody should start it
nobody likes taking children from
parents I don't like it you don't like
it nobody likes it all things being
equal and all things are not equal but
if they were nobody would want children
and parents separated not me now
President Trump now Republicans not ice
not the parents not the kids
nobody ever
everybody's on the same page nobody
wants parents taken away from kids right
so that's that's our starting point now
having partially inoculated myself by
saying that here's the part where I get
in trouble are you ready
you like you when I get in trouble admit
it you like the danger because it's not
you here are some questions that I would
like to see as part of the discussion
number one the number one thing that we
assume when we watch the situation of
children separated for parents at the
border is that the situation the
children are going into these detainment
centers are worse than whatever they
came from are you with me
the the starting assumption is that
being entertainment center in which
you're you're fed and clothed you're
kept warm you're kept safe you're
educated I guess they go to school for
six hours a day or something and they're
with people their age who have the they
have a lot in common with so the base
assumption is that that situation which
isn't by no means ideal I don't want to
I don't want to pretend that that's a
good situation but the base assumption
is that it's worse than whatever they
just came from does that seem true to
you I don't know if it's true but I'm
asking it seems like that would be
wouldn't that be the most key point and
all of this so let me give a let me give
you an example of what I'm talking about
I currently live in a very nice large
house in a lifestyle which anybody would
envy unless they already had it but the
best lifestyle I ever had in terms of an
upgrade from where I was was college in
which I shared a little cinderblock room
you know just packed with stuff with a
roommate and there's always people in it
because we have people over all the time
so my normal
my normal life was five guys in a little
teeny room usually smoking weed in a
cinderblock room separated from parents
because guess what parents don't get to
go to college with their kids I was
always separated from them now of course
I was 18 at the time a little difference
but that's not the point so I'm not
making an analogy to the the kids
situation what I'm saying is that
because my ordinary life where I grew up
and my small town was far worse than
college even though college objectively
was putting me in a tiny little room and
you know separated from the world and
you could say things that made it sound
bad but my experience was just purely an
upgrade and it was a very big one I went
from a really crappy childhood to hey
college in this tiny little room and I'm
working hard and working three jobs at
the same time as I'm going to school
analogies are great for making a point
they're not good for persuasion I know
what I know what you're saying here so
the point is that what matters is what
you're used to
at what you're going to sow your
happiness so here's where the analogy is
going I'm not relying on the analogy I'm
using the analogy to make the following
point the point I'm going to make and
say right now is the persuasive part or
not not the analogy the analogy just got
me to this point the point is your
happiness is always context context
based it depends what you came from if
you came from something terrible and you
go to something substantially less
terrible have you feel good usually you
feel pretty good now my question is what
was it about life in Mexico that these
people were so desperate to escape that
they took legal risks physical risks
risks of violence they do risk of being
victimized on the path give leaving all
of their other friends and family
behind how horrible were things that
they would take this risk to get across
the border I'm thinking pretty bad how
bad was the trip itself I'm thinking
pretty bad
now put them in these detention centers
do any of us want to be in a detention
center hell no because most of us would
be coming from a great situation or a
better situation to something far less
good but if you're coming from a
situation so horrible you're risking
your life to get away from it you're
leaving your family you're leaving
everything behind except you know your
kids you're probably coming from
something horrible to something that's I
hate to say it but I'm gonna a little
bit better so are the kids suffering by
going from a terrible situation to one
this a little bit better now if they
believed they would never be reunited
with their parents that would be awful
but I'm pretty sure the kids are told
very clearly and I imagine very
frequently yes you'll get back together
there's just a process takes about six
weeks second thing I want to say is
don't those kids have a way to contact
their parents during this process are
they not in contact with them because if
they're not it doesn't see if they're
not in contact it seems fixable all you
have to do is provide some iPads let's
say half a dozen iPads for each facility
and tell the parents hey here's the
here's the phone number for these iPads
and we'll figure out a schedule or
something and you can call it and you
can see your kid every day you could
have an hour-long phone call with your
kid every day if you want to yeah it
won't be much to say but it seems to me
that the the separation problem is
mostly a psychological one because no
one is arguing that the children are in
physical well no one except general
Hayden of the CIA is arguing that there
any kind of physical danger they're
actually well taken care of
they're just in a very limited
detainment Center
you know suboptimal situation but
probably is better than what they came
from immediately so it's probably feels
like an upgrade there are no cages
that's the fake news and it's probably
true that psychologically being
separated from the parents not knowing
where things are going that sort of
thing is the problem you could probably
go a long way to fixing that by making
sure the kids and the parents can talk
every day you know and I would say every
day would be the standard you know every
other day just doesn't feel like
frequent enough for a parent and a young
child it would be enough for a teenager
but not for a young child so that's my
first point the next point is what I
call the the half pinion a regular
opinion is when you say I prefer this
situation over this situation
right so that's an opinion a full
opinion is I've looked at all the
alternatives we could go this way we
could go this way I prefer this one over
this one that's an opinion you could be
right you could be wrong I can agree
with you or disagree with you but
certainly what I just described is an
opinion a half pinion is when you say
half of that I don't like this
and-and-and-and all right if there's no
if there's no comparison it's not an
opinion so many of you are finding
yourself in a conversation in which you
have an opinion I like this more than I
like this and I like it more than this
on this on this perhaps compared to
someone who says wait wait for it
wait for it separating children from
their parents is bad
that's my half pinion and I'm sticking
to it I agree with you Dale
it's very bad to separate children and
parents we should not do that
what what are you comparing that to I'm
comparing it to not separating children
from parents ja okay I'm gonna need a
little more than that Dale do you should
you just open the fence and just push
the whole family back on the other side
is that what you're saying no stupid
enough Fang that are you saying you
should put them in some kind of a family
jail where the the adults and the
children are mingling while they're
being detained no stupid
that would be so was stupid because you
don't put parents and children in
detainment centers are you saying we
should just let them go and if they want
to come back when it's time for the
hearing we just trust that they will
knowing that there's a large percentage
of them that won't no that would be dumb
too okay Dale you're dismissed
now if there's a good alternative to
whatever is happening around the border
I haven't heard it because keep in mind
the reason that they're doing what
they're doing now is because the one
alternative they had had some flaws and
the flaw was people don't come in for
their their hearing light but I believe
that's the flaw but in any case the
people who say don't separate children
from parents are just agreeing with you
they're not disagreeing with you a
hundred percent of the world is on the
same page but we're not on the same page
with general Hayden
who believes this is step one to the
Holocaust here's my next point how would
you like to be a survivor of the
Holocaust and see somebody comparing
what you went through to these kids
six weeks in in detainment centers that
are better than what they came from and
will be released a hundred percent will
be released yeah I don't think you love
it I don't think you love it - having
your situation diminish like that the
next thing is how big of a problem is it
to separate children from parents
temporarily the temporary part is the
important part
anybody who's separated children and
parents permanently they're gonna have
to have a pretty good reason because
everybody's going to be against that but
do any of you have teenagers let's say
anything 13 and over 12 and over
probably gets you there and they've got
a smartphone and they put in their
earbuds and the next time you'll talk to
that kid is when they're graduating
college yeah the reality is that we are
separated your parents are separated
from their children by smartFocus and if
you can get your kid to take their
earbuds out when they're in the same
room with an adult good frickin luck
with that do they like it duh does an
American teenager love it being being
together with their children let me give
you this a thought process or a thought
experiment if you said to a typical teen
I'll give you two choices you can come
stay at a luxury resort with your
parents that's choice one a luxury
resort with your parents or you could
stay in a small facility in which four
or five of you will
be in the same room you'll have food
you'll be able to talk hang out you'll
get some school done because you need to
anyway which do you choose I don't know
some people would choose the luxury
resort with their parents but I'm not
sure most would obviously the younger
the kid is you know that changes but a
lot of kids in the detention senator are
you know teenage or yeah they're at
least teenage and those kids are not
dying to spend more time with their
parents you know I'm sure they love
their parents I'm sure they wouldn't
want to be you know kept away from them
and somebody says you're sickening
[Laughter]
you're sickening so let me by the way
whoever just said you're sickening
here's something I guarantee you I
guarantee you that you agree with me on
every point I just made I guarantee it
I'll bet there is it one thing I just
said that you don't agree with what you
don't like is that I put it in a
different context and the context I put
it in is not wrong it's not one you
disagree with so keep in mind that while
you're sickened by in my opinion you
don't disagree with it and by the way
this is it this is something I've been
wanting to say for a while I hadn't and
didn't have a situation where I wanted I
could fit it in but has anybody noticed
that my Twitter feed the number of
people who get angry at me they rarely
to the point of almost never maybe I'd
say they'll say 95% of the time this is
true they don't disagree with me so the
people who are fighting with me on
Twitter almost always have to change
what I said to a different thing to
argue it if you've seen any Twitter
exchange I have it goes like this you
say the ax bottom will spawn snow the
abominable snowman is real you idiot and
I say no I didn't say the abominable
snowman is real I said some people
believe it's real
and then they say well well maybe but
you say the abana mole snowman doesn't
have hair how would you know that can I
go I didn't say anything like that and
etcetera repeated so but the other thing
you'll see is that people will swear at
me curse at me and have a low opinion of
me while not disagreeing with anything
nothing just not even one point there's
no disagreement about how I process the
situation and no disagreement about the
facts and people will still tell me I'm
a miserable person for talking about it
you'll see that all the time it's fairly
common all right you just saw it down
the other thing I'm watching is the the
blame game where the Republicans are
saying hey Democrats can fix this any
time they want just change the law help
us change the law and the Democrats are
saying my god we don't have any control
over the you know the ice procedures
that's the administration you can change
it any time you changed it this way you
can change it back and and here's the
thing I'm watching this and I'm thinking
doesn't it require both sides to be
where we are how am I wrong about that
don't both the Democrats and the
Republicans have to prefer this
situation well let me just say it is
clearly as I possibly can if both sides
did not prefer this situation it
wouldn't be happening here I'm not I'm
not giving a pass the Republicans
because I know a lot of you are saying
hey you're just supporting everything
the president says nope nope nobody
likes kids being separated from parents
I don't like it you don't like it who's
to blame Republicans absolutely
absolutely they're to blame and and
and freaking Democrats both because
either one of them could you know could
solve this and neither of them wants to
so if you want to know who I blame both
both sides a hundred percent nobody gets
to nobody gets to parse this like oh
you're 75% to blame but I am only 25% to
blame you you you're both 100%
to blame a hundred percent to blame
right if the government doesn't work and
you're you're split 50-50 all it takes
is a few people to change votes you can
do any thing you want all right
you both don't want to solve this
problem you both want it to be an issue
you're both you're both up all
right so don't look for me to absolve
the Trump administration this is a huge
 it is all right let's face it
they could fix it I mean they could do a
better job of presenting it they could
fix it but you know who else could fix
this Democrats they could fix it
they'd fix something about it afternoon
they could fix it anytime they want both
sides absolutely worthless in this case
so if you want me to support the Trump
administration on this not going to do
it you're not going to do it but I'm
certainly not going to say their worth
is worse than the other side you have
complete governmental up
top to bottom there's nothing right
about this situation and by the way I
also don't think it's the Holocaust you
you can say that the situation is bad
you can blame everybody involved and
still not saying it's as bad as the
Holocaust because it isn't right so so
both sides can take their their their
half opinions and and I would say that's
probably true of both sides I think I
think the Republicans are doing a
terrible job of laying out what the
options were right they just say hey we
have to do this what what is Trump
saying we have to do this because it was
some Democrat law or something
now I think you know obviously that
doesn't pass the fact-checking
but there was there's there is clearly a
precedent there's a there's a I'd say a
hundred percent agreement that you don't
incarcerate or detain adults and
children it's in the same facility for
for safety reasons and other reasons
practicality so yeah but the trouble
with the arguments I hear somebody say
that you know all criminals get
separated
the trouble with with the argument that
I've heard people also say you know it's
sort of like British boarding school you
know separating children and kids is
sort of a normal thing you know people
do it willingly all the time you know
it's it's fairly common kids go to camp
for two weeks and it's just you know now
of course you're saying to yourself oh
my god that's not the analogy because
those are those are voluntary those are
voluntary well it's not that voluntary
for the kid is it if if somebody says
you're going to camp your parent does or
if your parent says you're going to
boarding school is that voluntary for
the kid not so much now it's it is
voluntary for the adult and in most of
these cases but let's say you've got to
your parents have two jobs and you've
got to work all day and you don't get to
see your kids is that voluntary yeah a
little bit I mean you can always be
poorer I suppose but the IRA normal
situation is children and adults being
separated for all kinds of reasons
usually voluntary this one is
involuntary but they're also involuntary
reasons that children and kids are
separated they're not all the Holocaust
and to treat it as such is just ignoring
the the situation Trump wants sexual new
federal law right
you're separated from reality yeah so
that kind of comment when people say
you're separated from reality again
whoever's criticizing me that way you
don't disagree with anything I've said
if you did you could mention it did I
get a fact wrong did I say something
that is a different opinion than you
have you could just mention it you know
there's nothing stopping you from making
a comment and I would I would read it
I'd read it out loud yeah yeah there are
a lot of people I've often gone further
and said well no I'm gonna I'm not gonna
mess up the topics here all right let's
see what else I had my little notes here
deep deep do you yeah so both sides can
help in this situation
neither side is the Democrats are using
it as an issue that the Republicans are
using it as a niche an issue if you care
about those children being separated
number one come up with an alternative
and number two blame both sides this is
a hundred percent breakdown both sides
nobody gets a pass all right you have
your facts wrong these refugees are not
illegals oh my god okay I know that the
refugees are not the same status as
somebody who robbed a house or committed
a regular crime I know that we have
different words and different different
levels of how we treat things it is
however not legal to come into the
country just because you want to now you
could say to me well you know these
people are trying to get asylum and this
is a different situation fine you can
put different words on it but it doesn't
change the situation I will agree with
everything you want me to say about what
word you want to use would you like to
call it a situation okay let's call it a
situation it doesn't change a damn thing
it is what it is you we can't let people
just come in anytime they want and go
anywhere they want so your point I agree
with it doesn't change anything
some I saw somebody suggest therefore
every illegal person coming and we would
subtract for every illegal person comes
in we would subtract you know the from
the quota of legal people coming in to
which I say how is that fair
the the people who want to come into the
country legally and are following the
process are you freaking kidding me
you want to those are the people you
want to suffer did the people who
followed the rules who want to become
Americans come on those are the people
we want I want more of them the people
who follow rules and want to be on the
team I that doesn't make any sense to me
yeah you know you don't let people cut
in line now I would prefer something
more merit-based but even with a system
we have you don't penalize the people
who do follow the rules for the benefit
of the people who don't let's talk about
the IG report somebody says is there
anything left to talk about so as far as
I can tell the IG report just told us
what we already know right is there
anything that came in in that it felt
like it was complicated and and somewhat
irrelevant because everybody just found
reinforcement for the thing they already
believed military families are separated
yeah there's another another example now
and all in all of our examples of course
there is a an element except for a
prison there's an element of choice
where the people at the border you could
say they don't have a choice
but you could also say and they had a
choice about crossing the border so it's
pretty close to a choice there's three
versions of the IG report well I agree
with people who want to see the unedited
original version of the OIG report it
might be interesting but I wouldn't I
wouldn't put your hopes and dreams on
that being different enough that it
changes anything
did I forget about Hoover apparently I
did I don't know who Hoover is forcing
them so remember my prediction that I
made not long ago I said that President
Trump's success with you know the
economy in North Korea at least so far
have would cause people to go crazy in a
way we haven't seen before and this this
situation turned out to be sort of the
the trigger for that you know people
need to go crazy for a reason or it's a
fake reason it's a fake because but they
needed a cause and it turns out that
this children being are ripped from
their mothers breasts at the border
turned out to be just perfectly timed
you know it was exactly the right thing
at the right time so the anti-trump
arisen needed this they needed this like
they need food and water they were out
in the they were sort of out in the
desert starving and thirsty because they
didn't have anything to protect their
egos and because their egos were all
wrapped around the notion that they knew
Trump was a disaster and it was going to
happen any moment that disasters coming
yeah the disasters coming so it seems to
me that on some level it doesn't it feel
like the anti-trump errs are happy about
this situation in a weird way they're
just happy it's like it's like the weird
is kind of happy it's like well I don't
like bad things happening to children
but I loved that I was right about it
I sure was right about it I love that
part remember really and Gonzalez and
Clinton yeah that was pretty similar
wasn't it they're using it like a cudgel
well I'll have to say it's working
really well wouldn't you if you were
going to evaluate the the quality of the
persuasion and again I'll try to be as
objective as possible the quality of the
persuasion I would say that this is
really good this is this is along the
level of when Clinton started saying
dark during the campaign that everything
Trump did was dark and dark and dark but
this border children thing because in in
our you know in our culture we we sort
of fetishize the importance of children
in our world which which by the way is
completely upside-down from what it was
a few hundred years ago a few hundred
years ago having a child was just
creating an asset to do some work for
you it was almost an economic thing you
know people didn't care about children
the way they they do now so we've we've
sort of put children above adults in our
in our calculations and that's reverse
of what it was a few hundred years ago
probably reverse of what it has been
throughout human history and that also
distorts our political conversation
because the the notion that the children
are the most
important thing in the world makes this
story which otherwise would look like a
non-story it makes it literally the most
important story in the country let me
mention something that a critic of mind
mentioned and they'll dovetail this into
a larger point so on Twitter every now
and then somebody will pop up and say
Adams has made terrible predictions now
often they'll conflate something I said
I wish happened with something I said
would happen and they'll treat them as
the same and I want to mention one that
I can't tell if I'm wrong about or I
just expressed a preference but maybe
some of you can can help me out with the
fact-checking
so somebody on Twitter pointed out that
I had talked about red team blue team's
and having the debate about climate
change in the EPA and that that
conversation did come up but now it's
been you know 500 plus days and the idea
of a red team blue team has just I think
disappeared right so for the first
question I have for you is those of you
who have been following my stuff of the
entire period can you help me remember
did I predict it would happen or did I
describe that it would be a good idea
which would be completely different does
anybody remember because I don't
remember predicting it would happen yeah
so so everybody here who who seems to
remember it says that I was just saying
it was a good idea that's my memory of
it but my critic was saying you
predicted it would happen now there's a
I'm going to give the critic this much
credit which is there's a fine line
between saying it's a good idea and you
know if I say it's a good idea and it's
the sort of thing Trump would or should
do or you could expect to happen that's
pretty close to a prediction but I don't
think I actually predicted it that said
let's revisit that where the hell is
that
right where is the red team blue team
now when my critic pointed that out I
thought to myself well I definitely
didn't expect that the topic would just
disappear now is it my imagination or
has climate change as a topic gone from
a 10 and a 10 to a 4 is that what you
see do me a little you know yeah 4 out
of 10 and what changed what made climate
change go from the most important topic
in the world 10 and a 10 to a 4 now I'm
not saying that the problem is less I'm
saying that how the public is is
processing that topic when from most
important - and does anybody have a
theory about why that happened
I'm seeing a few good ideas somebody
said climate change is boring that
actually might be part of the answer
because the topic is boring and long
term and it's not affecting me today it
doesn't touch my taxes you know it
doesn't doesn't affect the speed limit
so it just doesn't feel as cool and
important and interesting as everything
that's in the top of the news other
people are saying it got colder or the
temperature dropped I'm not going to
agree with that and here's why I know
that those of you who are saying the
temperature dropped are looked at
stories to say that you saw graphs you
saw statistics you saw some measurement
but I I can almost guarantee you that
the people on the other side of this
issue have different data that's been
the problem all along right the fact
that you think temperatures went down
probably is unrelated to the fact that
half the country or more thinks
temperatures went up again and has and
probably both have data that looks
pretty
credible telling completely two
different stories now I'm just guessing
that's the case because that would be
the normal case yeah the Paris Accords
blowing up didn't change the world
here's some other things that you
haven't seen you haven't seen other
countries commit
like seriously commits like oh my god
America backed out we're gonna have to
try ten times harder to compensate like
you what if it was an actual disaster if
it were an actual disaster wouldn't
people treat it like an actual disaster
no of course you're also seeing the the
two movies on one screen with things
like the amount of ice I get more
conservative tweets because I talk about
Trump then I get tweets on the left the
left so what I see is all kinds of
stories where people are saying the ice
is actually increased not decreased
alright that that's what you see how
many of you who have seen stories in the
last month or so saying that the amount
of ice has increased not decreased how
many of you've seen that story and
Twitter or somewhere I just want to see
how many both I have somebody saying you
blocked people on the Left yes yes yes
are you so you've seen that don't
confuse the fact that you've seen all
those stories about there being more ice
and not less ice don't confuse that with
how much ice there is those are
unrelated because at the very least if
you believe that your news is correct
you have to believe that the people
getting the opposite news must be
incorrect so somewhere in the world
either on the side you already agree
with or on the other side there's a lot
of fake news how do you know it's your
side or versus the other side the only
thing you know for sure is that smart
people are being duped by
fake grafts fake measurements fake
scientists and you know BS somebody said
pretty easy to fact-check nope if you
think it's easy to fact-check climate
science i've taught you nothing
that's the only it's impossible to fact
check it you're not a scientist you
didn't stand there next to the measuring
devices
you haven't compared those measuring
devices to every other measuring device
you haven't it's impossible to
fact-check it
you can't fact check climate change you
just can't fact check it all right so
it's possible that at the very least
there's enough counter evidence coming
out about climate change that the
proponents just don't feel like making
this case as much anymore they just
would rather talk about something else
now maybe this will change in the fall
when hurricane season it's the fall
right yeah when hurricane season starts
cranking up again that might give more
reasons to talk about climate change but
it seems like the red team blue team
thing stopped being important because it
doesn't look like climate change matters
to people anymore like it used to
I mean it matters for in a 10 instead of
10 minute 10 and then also I've tweeted
around a few stories recently in which
there's some technology that looks
promising to be able to adjust the
amount of co2 in the air there are
technologies that suck it out of the air
and turn it into concrete a special kind
of hardened concrete there are
technologies that suck it out of the air
and turn it into energy and I've the
estimates for how much it would cost to
use the technology that's already
invented to forget about what we'll
invent what we'll have in five years but
what we already have if you cost it down
I think they say one or two trillion
dollars to you know fix the whole planet
to which I say to myself one or two
trillion dollars that's too much until
you realize our national debt is 15
trillion and compared to what climate
change would cost if it's real a couple
of trillion actually is way less problem
than we thought so in other words if
climate change went from destroy the
word a world problem 10 out of 10 and
technology has taken that down to a well
it's gonna cost you two trillion dollars
but you could totally you could totally
suck that co2 out of the air
here are the devices we've already
tested them they cost about one to two
trillion
somebody's saying 21 trillion that would
be the cost of climate change going
unchecked right it's something like that
isn't fifty and trillion the national
debt do I have that wrong I'm just going
by memory yeah not the deficit that's
the debt not the deficit what if you're
wrong is not better than if it saves a
single life mmm not sure your point
there are 21 trillion is the national
debt okay that went from 15 to 20 plus
pretty happened pretty quickly all right
so I'm gonna say so people have
challenged me to say hey you're
cherry-picking all the good things about
the Trump administration and I'm gonna
add to my criticisms so I'm criticized I
criticizing the way the Trump
administration is handling the children
at the border topic now I'm not sure
that there's a better way to do things
but there's certainly a better way to
present it to the public there's a
better way to defend it there's a better
way to say you know we have a plan for
fixing it there's just a better way to
do it so I can say that the Trump
administration did not succeed on this
topic
indefinitely the anti-trump errs are
getting the best of them for sure but
they're both guilty in my opinion but
I'm gonna add to that taking the cue
from my critic that the EPA never did a
red team blue team and I think that that
surely must still be important if only
to get the public on the same side as
much as possible so to me that's a huge
failing I would say having gone this far
without anything that looks like a Red
Team Blue team or any any version of
that you know it doesn't have to be Red
Team Blue Team but something in which
the arguments are publicly presented in
a credible way pro and con from as
objective a source as possible something
that we can all way in on the experts
can say ok you forgot this you know
maybe it doesn't have a time limit so
that whatever they come up with can
evolve over time that sort of thing I
think that's just a mistake to have a to
have a topic this controversial and to
sort of just let it hang out there
without without informing the public in
a way that wouldn't be that hard to me
that's just a mistake now that the the
mistake
beyond that might be that climate change
is a gigantic problem we should be doing
more about right now I don't know if
that's the case because I haven't seen
the Red Team Blue Team and therefore
that's a trump administration error in
my opinion or a shortcoming all right
metaphors in jail for doing things blah
blah blah
let's talk also about my larger
observation that when you look at the
the complaints from the anti-trump errs
they're all missing the and let me give
you an example that
a typical anti-trump er will say the
president has lied 3,600 times since he
was came into office and and that killed
people and they hurt the economy and
they always leave out the end or he's a
con man he's a con man and somebody died
because of the comment and North Korea
didn't get solved because of that or
they'll say he's a you know he's going
to destroy the world in the future in
ways that we can't quite identify and
there's no direct line but in ambiguous
ways we feel bad something bad will
happen because of the president you need
a little bit more meat on your
criticisms here's what a criticism would
look like the economy is bad
unemployment is bad North Korea is going
to kill us
Isis is growing if any of those things
were true that would be that would be
bad those would be actual criticisms
here's here's a criticism that's not a
real one the president is stupid and
impulsive and and that hurt us how or
here's another one
the president is angering our allies and
and
because of that they're going to nuke us
because of that Great Britain will stop
talking to us so right so when you when
you see this the complaints here are the
things to look for look for the half
pinion like we we must you know we have
to well they have half pinions about
everything everything from climate
science to border to everything else
they want us to stop doing what we're
doing without being able to describe
what we should do instead so look for
the half pinion then look for the
complaints that don't have the second
part of the complaint like he's a conman
and where's the second part and because
of that he lied 3,500 times and because
of that so the other I think there's a
hidden assumption in all of the missing
and parts the assumption is that because
this president is has such a low regard
for the facts that pretty soon everybody
will have a low regard for the facts and
society will fall apart here's why I'm
not worried about that
is there anybody who's taking their
whose taking their lead from this
president I don't know anybody who's
acting like the president well in the
one the one exception is people are like
a Lindsey Graham seem to be using more
course language but that's true of the
other side as well
I think everybody's using a more coarse
language but here's what I say about the
coarse language and they're all using
coarse language that hurts the world
because why all right you're still
missing the second half it's true
Lindsey Graham's swore on TV maybe you
wouldn't have done that in there
preach on Pyrrha but
did anybody die because he used the bad
word on TV I don't think so so look for
half pinions look for complaints that
don't have any and there's no second
part and look for people to be in a
completely different movie where they're
they're seeing things that just aren't
happening in your movie somebody said
what would we do without you well you'd
you'd be in bad shape well we get Bochy
today probably not you
I used my bocce balls to weigh something
down in the backyard so not right away
Elon Musk's tweets oh yeah what what
does Elon Musk been tweeting lately I
think Elon Musk has been attacked by the
anti-trump errs and it looks like he's
about he's about this close to being pro
Trump why was Trudeau wearing fake
eyebrows that's that's all been debunked
as fake news by the way Trudeau does not
have fake eyebrows that was just a trick
of lighting and he does have weird
eyebrows but the way the lighting
changed it just made him look fake
overuse of bad words makes them
ineffective well I don't think anybody's
overusing we're not even close to that
uh just looking at your comments a good
persuasion book on audible if you want
books on persuasion google the phrase
persuasion reading list most of them are
available as audiobooks persuasion
reading lists they attacked you - yes I
get attacked on a pretty regular basis
somebody said how come I don't get any
effect with weed if you're smoking weed
and then you're not getting any effect
you should talk to your dealer because
your dealer sold you oregano several
times in a row apparently thank you if
you haven't heard my conversation with
Michael malice a lot of people are
saying they enjoyed it so I think if you
google my name and Michael malice
podcast that should pop up pretty easily
bill maher falling apart you know I hate
to say it but it does look like Bill
Maher has lost it in sort of the the
rubber deniro away and I can't tell it
in his case if it's because he was he
was so committed to a to a position
that's now been so falsified because
it's pretty obvious that some good
things are happening in the country and
it's hard to be that certain and that
wrong for so long and have it so
unambiguously put in your face that
you're wrong that the only way you can
weasel out of it is through half pinions
and and complaints that don't have it
and part to them he is a huge climate
change er well you know here's my thing
on climate change if it's true it might
be a giant problem so let's have that
red
Team Blue team to me that's just that is
a legitimate complaint against the Trump
administration it may not be a
legitimate complaint that climate change
is the problem that the alarmists say it
is that may or may not be true I
actually don't know I'm not a scientist
but I'll tell you what is true the
failure of our government to have some
kind of a forum where the where the
people can get some sense of the the
real size of the problem or not that's
missing and it's not so hard to do that
you can explain it as well there's a
good reason that's missing there just
isn't all right
I think I'm done for now I will talk to
you all later