bump bump bump bone how's my shirt oh my
god my shirts on the inside out
hey everybody I'm wearing my shirt
inside out and if that doesn't tell you
how tired I am
nothing will there's nothing like
realizing that your shirt is inside out
after you've started the periscope
but sorry I'm late
four people had lots of speculation
about what a trump presidency would look
like now I also had speculations as most
of you did
so let's hey Colleen Colleen said say my
name so I did don't try that don't try
that trick again it only works once so
let's check our predictions and we'll
see if the critics were more accurate or
I was and you're probably on the same
page as me so let's compare ourselves to
the critics so these are the predictions
before President Trump took office he
would deport 14 million undocumented
aliens I said he wouldn't his critics
said he would because he said he would
during the campaign but of course he did
not and there's really no chance that
that's going to happen and his critics
said he would move us toward nuclear war
it appears the opposite has happened we
appear further from nuclear war than at
any time North Korea doesn't seem close
to nuclear war Russia seems to want to
deal with us and Iran has more pressure
on it than it did before
in developing nuclear weapons so it
seems to me that we are further from
nuclear war than we've ever been so my
prediction is right critics
there were people who it's hard to
believe but people actually thought the
president Trump would round up all the
brown people and put them in
concentration camps I have seen no
indication that the president is
rounding up brown people to put them in
concentration camps I'm gonna say I was
right on that one critics were wrong
critics said the president Trump would
be committing much repression against
LGBTQ community haven't seen it in fact
president Trump is I believe the most
LGBTQ friendly president we've had and I
say that because he came in favoring gay
marriage he's the first president
correct me if I'm wrong and I might be
wrong but fact check me is President
Trump the first president who came into
office favoring LGBTQ marriage rights I
believe he is and nothing has happened
nothing that's happened so far now
somebody says he's he's appointed anti
LGBTQ judges I haven't seen any rulings
that would suggest that's a problem and
keep in mind that the judges he he
selects our constitutionalists so their
own they're only good out of favor
what's in the Constitution all right so
we haven't seen any actual repression
but as somebody said they're concerned
about the judges that he's nominated but
that would be true of any any
conservative people said that there
would be Russia collusion I think we're
close to the point where we can say that
we can confirm that didn't happen right
he's releasing the the FISA emails and
sort of looking like things are going to
be wrapping up pretty soon so his
critics probably probably wrong about
thrush occlusion doesn't seem to be any
evidence even Bob Woodward couldn't find
any somebody said are you kidding people
no I'm sorry that's what troubled
Raymond sounds like then there were
people who said he was only in it for
the money and that it was really just
the presidency was just a trick to get
richer but I think probably that didn't
happen I haven't seen any indication
that that Trump's net worth is going up
or that he got some deal he wasn't
supposed to get or anything like that
yeah the indications are he may have
lost money all right it was at least one
economic or nobel economic person
Krogman who said it would be an economic
disaster when President Trump came into
office opposite economy is doing better
than ever and then of course you know
Isis got taken care of and North Korea
is probably in a better place it's ever
been
speaking of North Korea so the the
sticking point with North Korea sorry
has been that North Korea is asking for
some kind of a big concession in order
to give up his nuclear weapons now
there's not much we have to concede
because we're the ones who want
something we're not the ones who have
something to give up in a sense that's
oversimplifying but there's talk now
between North and South Korea or at
least there's speculation that they're
talking about working toward declaring
an end to the Korean War
and it seems to me that if North and
South Korea and the US and the UN you
know I guess you need a lot of people
involved probably the UN to declare the
end to the war that that might be the
gesture that allows Kim to get rid of
his nukes
because it's a different story if you
just get rid of your nukes because there
was pressure that makes Kim look weak
but if you get rid of your nukes because
you won that doesn't look the same and
Kim could claim victory in bringing an
end to the Korean War and it would
actually be fairly legitimate in my
opinion it would I think a reasonable
person could say that if the if the end
of this process was a formal declaration
of the end of the war I think a
reasonable observer could say that Kim
made that happen through his nuclear
program and then he could disband it
because he could say we made our point
we got the thing we wanted once we're
unified we don't really need you know if
we're working toward reunification we
don't really need nuclear weapons
because that would be like using them on
yourself right you wouldn't nuke your
own country if we were working toward
reunification even if it's a hundred
year plan for reunification so it seems
to me y'all would worship Hitler
let's get rid of the Nazi
North Korea always had the option to
declare peace correct North Korea always
have the option to just say oh we're
peaceful but it would look like they had
just surrendered because if you declare
peace against the superior force well
you don't have much negotiating room and
it just sort of looks like a surrender
but if you if you come to peace with a
peer a nuclear peer in some sense appear
not really but in some sense they would
both be nuclear powers that looks
different you could sell that
differently and I think you could so you
saw all of the predictions that the
worst case predictions that the MT
chompers made and it's been a few years
now some of that stuff would have
happened now did I do I block the wrong
person some of that stuff would have
happened all unblocker later
my periscope is not showing them my
Twitter feed that might actually be my
fault I'm on a new device and there's a
setting that I need
I'll unblock Nancy and Nancy I just
can't do it right now or okay like let's
see if I can't what would happen if I do
this you know that doesn't work
all right I'm in some mode I can't get
in there
well getting it will get Nancy back
Nancy
maybe she should not have said yeah all
wood would worship Nazis that will get
you blocked on here Nancy's in a cage
so let's drink to Nancy shall we poor
Nancy has been temporarily banned
accidentally will you will you raise a
mug and we will all drink to Nancy who I
will unblock as soon as I get off the
periscope
- Nancy simultaneous up
Oh Nancy Nancy's in a timeout but
apparently it wasn't Nancy's fault it
was my fault
am I going to the Trump rally I'm not no
so let's talk about Kavanagh
so back in 2015 I remind you on a
regular basis
I said provocatively the facts don't
matter
and that they've never mattered but
we're gonna find that out in a way that
we've never understood before I think my
prediction has come true which is that
the facts are not influencing reality
the way everybody thought they should
everybody about me I told you from the
beginning the facts don't matter now of
course the facts do matter to the
outcomes right so that's true but in
terms of how we think about our world
the decisions we make whoo-wee whoo-wee
back politically how we interpret things
facts don't matter
take care Cavanaugh here's a situation
where we will never know what happened
is that correct we will never know if
something happened like what the accuser
says or something did not it is
unknowable cannot be confirmed so do the
facts matter well they can't matter
because we can't know them and yet we
imagine we do I would say if you did a
survey of a hundred people you'd find at
least half of them say they're pretty
sure what happened but they can't be you
know some of those people would say I'm
sure it happened she wouldn't say it
otherwise and other people would say I'm
sure it didn't happen look how
coincidentally you know this happens at
this timing
and she can't possibly remember that so
the facts don't matter so what do you do
in a situation you're in a reality where
you have to make a decision about the
Supreme Court nomination you have to
make some decision but a very important
fact can't be known what do you do
here's what you do you honor the system
because you can't know the facts okay
why don't you say more about that if you
can't know the facts
or people won't agree on the facts you
have to replace the facts which can't be
known with a system which is credible
because if we can't agree the facts
maybe we can agree that their way we
arrived that the decision was a good
system what would be a good system in
the case of Kavanaugh and the
accusations against them there's only
one good there's only one system that
makes sense the system is if you can't
prove it you have to ignore it that's
the system because that's the system you
would all want to apply to you right
would you not want that system to apply
to you if you were in his position and
there was a an unproven accusation which
can never be proven what system would
you say well that that would be fair
doesn't matter who it is that system
would be fair and so if you're asking
yourself you know let's say you're in
Congress and you're saying to yourself
what should we do with this Cavanagh
thing because it might be true and it
might not be true here's what you should
do you should ignore whether or not it's
true
it's just not part of your decision
that's the hard part
but if you're being rational and you're
trying to maintain a civilization that
works in these situations you have to
default to the system you have to take a
system stand that is the system you
would want applied to other people in
other situations that are somewhat
similar and the system is no evidence no
penalty
well evidence this is the wrong word
anything that can't be proven you have
to treat it like it didn't happen
and so the Cavanagh vote if some if if
some of the Senators who are you know
allegedly potential no votes if the if
they vote against and because of the
accusation I believe they've failed you
even if they're right because that part
we can't know but they have failed you
if they choose guessing about the facts
or making a decision based on the facts
if they make a decision based on their
opinion of the facts or the likelihood
that the facts could be true or false
they have failed you because they should
make the decision based on the process
the system and the system unambiguously
requires us to not penalize him for
something that can't be known if it
can't be known you can't be penalized
for it period that's the system you want
to live under it's the only credible
system and even if it doesn't give you
the right answer every time you still
have to use it period that's my take all
right
if somebody's saying I'm with Nancy
preponderance of evidence requires 51%
yeah we're not in a preponderance of
evidence situation because there's one
piece of evidence and nobody will agree
whether it's persuasive or not pattern
of behavior yeah you know I would say
that all of that stuff around the
decision you know people are trying to
argue well what about the women who said
he didn't do anything what about his
friend who was there who said this is
that what about her memory wasn't
complete she didn't mention Kavanagh
until later
what about why did she wait until this
point there's all these water bouts and
I would say you should treat all of it
the same it shouldn't matter to the
decision because it doesn't lead you to
any kind of a certainty or even
preponderance of you know likely
certainty or anything like that so you
got to use the system and the system
says unproven has to be ignored all
right
explain sort of itches credible
accusation thing yeah so the phrase that
the anti-trump errs anti Cavanaugh
people are using is credible accuse
accusations and that's a clever way to
add credibility to an accusation simply
by I saw a funny comment somebody said I
am Nancy - sort of like I am Spartacus I
am Nancy all right you get the funniest
comment of the day award I have not seen
the new project Veritas tape let me make
let me make a prediction about the
project Veritas tape that I haven't seen
it's gonna be ambiguous it's a dud
somebody said alright without seeing it
where that was seeing anything not
hearing anything about it I'm gonna say
it's gonna be ambiguous
all right so Mike's gonna Mitch said
we're talking about credible accusations
yeah calling something a credible
accusation as the word credible -
accusation so it's a very clever way to
persuade without with them facts so
strategy wise it's really good but it's
also evil
it's totally evil but it's good
persuasion if you don't if you don't
mind evil with your persuasion
[Music]
all right your comments are extra funny
I don't know I don't know how this Nancy
situation well you know although we saw
here in the periscope that Nancy Nancy
did not probably cause any crimes on
periscope but Nancy was incredibly
accused Nancy you were credibly accused
see what that does it just turns Nancy
into guilty by having that credibly part
in front of accused I am Nancy all right
I don't know that there's much more news
because until we hear about this oh
let's talk about the FISA documents
Declassified so apparently you know the
president has Declassified the FISA
documents documentation Zoar or these
the documents are rounded I guess and we
don't know if that will be awesome or a
big nothing but it's so disappointing
it's gonna take so long to see it
because it's got to be approved by 12
different people have to look at
everything and they've all got to sign
off and you know it's different people
looking at different parts of it it's
just gonna be this big mess of trickle
so it's not really going to have the you
know the great news moment that we
expect
yeah I think it'll be a big nothing
probably but I like the fact that the
president did it because people wanted
it and we wanted transparency and so he
gave it to us for Nancy the seriousness
of the accusation was more important
than the evidence somebody said there
are many funny Nancy comments on here
today right if you're listening to this
on podcast I'm sorry because half of the
fun is reading the comments and you
won't hear them on the podcast alright I
don't have anything else to say I'm
gonna go do something else and in the
meantime I'll go unblock Nancy and
everybody say we love you Nancy we're so
sorry and I'll talk to you