bum-bum-bum-bum-bum
oh hi hey everybody come on in yes it's
time for another round of coffee was
Scott Adams the best part of your day
you could probably feel your body
chemistry starting to ramp up you feel
your dopamine getting ready to just
launch a big dose into your bloodstream
that's how you feel when you see coffee
with Scott Adams and that's not the best
part no the best part or one of them
involves a beverage and you can
participate without too much trouble at
all
all it takes is a couple marker glasses
if there's time teller stanker thermos
flasks in team Grail goblet vessel of
any kind filled with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the simultaneous sip the thing that
makes everything better the dopamine
head of the day Wow it's gonna be a good
one to go oh yeah simultaneous caffeine
for some of us others
simultaneous sipping all good let's talk
about some stuff as you know from my
prior periscopes I took the Joe Biden
push-up challenge and did 25 push-ups
and posted my video it took all of one
day for Tom Sauer to publish to post a
video of himself at Trump Tower I think
in DC dropping and get and doing 50
perfect military push-ups to which I
said damn it
Tom's hour and so I did another video in
which I used Tom's technique which
apparently is allowed in the military
where you can pause at the top of your
pushup
as long as you don't lose form too much
and so I paused and I tried it again
I've got 237 and had to admit defeat
so good job Tom sour and oh we're not
done I hope you could do more than 50
cause I'm just getting started so more
on that later
so in Trump derangement syndrome news SE
Cupp who works for CNN and pretends to
be a conservative but doesn't do a very
good job of pretending and she tweeted
remember when Bloomberg demanded a third
term as mayor and got it
Trump will do the same beware the same
autocratic impulses beware now here's
what would not be crazy so if this tweet
had said Trump could do the same Trump
might do the same there's a nonzero
chance that Trump would try it those
things would be things I would deeply
disagree with but they wouldn't be crazy
but you know it is crazy Trump will do
the same once you go all the way - he
will I try to become a dictator and not
leave office that's no longer part of
the same world here's some other Trump
insults that I hear a lot and I'd like
to test them with you if you'd like to
test these other criticisms about Trump
all you need is your beverage let's test
them the way we're going to do it is are
read each claim about Trump a criticism
and then I want you to taste your
beverage and see if it's any different
number one Trump is insincere tastes the
same I don't know did anything change
into your world do you check your wallet
do you have less money do you have less
money now because
President Trump is insincere anything
tastes different anything at all but we
better do for you or Trump is
incompetent nope it's all the same
what's going on here these are gigantic
problems that are threatening the world
and I can't see anything different how
about he hurts America's standing in the
world
nope nothing nothing
check again check your wallets check
your 401k are they down because Trump
has hurt our standing in the world
that's got to hurt right why am I not in
pain here's another one
Trump cares only about himself ok and
here's another one the world is laughing
at him meaning Trump okay and yeah what
they didn't laugh at Gerald Ford
really
how about Trump is impulsive he's
impulsive not only is the impulsive but
he takes a really long time to decide
whether to release aid to Ukraine
so he's impulsive and he takes a long
time to make decisions
apparently they're both true check your
beverage still the same he wants to be a
dictator okay what are the odds of that
happening still zero still zero he's
corrupt and what way that actually
affected you blah blah blah Trump
University didn't affect me even the
people who went there I ended up making
money into the deal how about he's a con
man
and affected me how he's a liar how did
that affect me what what statistic is
suffering because of all of these
horrible horrible horrible things that
orange man is doing and it gets worse
believe it or not
Trump was caught lying I think it was
yesterday or a day before Trump was
caught out flat-out lying about the
number of times you have to flush a
toilet these days damn lie the correct
number is once or sometimes twice Trump
lied he lied his liar he said that
sometimes you have to flush your toilet
toilet 12 to 15 times now I have to
admit I was at the gym when I heard I
heard the the first time I heard the
video clip and I'm working out on one of
they used their machines and that video
collect comes on watching Trump talked
about in light bulbs and toilets and he
gets to the part where he says these
modern toilets you have to you have to
flush them 12 to 15 times I just I just
frickin lost it I just started crying I
was laughing so hard and I'm in the gym
and I'm trying to you know of course
I've got my earphones in my earbuds so
nobody knows why I'm laughing I'm trying
to they're trying to I'm trying to not
fall off the stair machine and not look
like I'm having some kind of manic
mental breakdown so I'm losing the
machine and I'm like tears are coming
down my cheek oh oh he really said you
have to check you have to flush your
toilet 12 to 15 times and the reason I
was laughing is if I've said it once
I've 70 million times that Trump uses
hyperbole of course but he's also
directionally correct now when he's not
directionally cracked it's just because
you know maybe the the facts don't agree
with them or something but you typically
may be always
is is exaggerating in a in a direction
that's positive in some way now the the
issue here is that there are some places
the country where they don't have a
water shortage and the president saying
if you don't have a water shortage why
don't you have a better toilet that you
know does the job better so that's that
part is not crazy so but what he says
you've got a flush your toilet twelve to
fifteen times okay that was just funny
there's because I as soon as I saw it I
realized that it was gonna be a headline
Trump says toilets need to be flushed
twelve or fifteen times and then they
would fact check it I don't know it
struck me as funny we have more
information about Epstein's guards so
apparently there are some I guess
lawsuits or something against them so
that allows us to see more information
about what the guards were doing now
remember my theory my theory is that he
did kill himself it was suicide and that
we should not think there was anything
unusual by the complete and utter and
thorough
and competence of the staff because what
I said is and remember I'm the author of
Dilbert so every now and then I talk
about a subject I actually know
something about and I do know something
about big incompetent organizations and
one of the things I know is that if you
find a little bit of incompetence the
odds of finding of a lot of incompetence
are pretty good incompetence travels in
bunches and when I when I read the part
about at least one of the guards who was
sleeping during the epstein suicide
allegedly that the guard was working the
second eight-hour shift if you work 16
hours in a row and your job is just to
sort of be there your security guard let
me guarantee that you are planning not
just accidental but if you're working
too
our chefs and one of them is overnight
you're planning to sleep it's not an
accident that you fell in sleep you take
those two shifts and one of them is
overnight and there's just nothing
happening typically you're you know
you're planning to sleep I say that as
someone who once worked as a security
guard when I was in college I worked as
a security guard at a resort so I was
the only one who was supposed to be
awake did I ever take a nap during my
eight hour overnight shift when nobody
else was awake yeah I might have been
some napping in there you know might
have been a little napping so everything
about that situation looks like you know
a typical incompetent organization first
of all who takes the job of sleeping in
jail or even being a you know a guard
it's sort of a job that you don't take
if you're well I'm not going to say it I
don't want to insult prison guards but
let me just say that if I had to guess
that for every really highly qualified
and sincere and hard-working prison
guard of which I'm sure there are many
there's at least one who is not that so
and apparently there was some kind of a
security camera that was working that
could tell with certainty that nobody
else got into the epstein area so if
nobody else got in that area and we have
perfectly good reasons why guards were
falling asleep looks like suicide to me
don't tell me about broken bones and
necks because I think Epstein would be
clever enough to do a really good job of
killing himself all right let's talk
about North Korea so North Korea says
it's taking denuclearization off the
table and president Trump is a dotard
again and they've tested something but
we don't know what but it's really
awesome and and Kim jong-un
Road and Whitehorse up a mountain in the
snow now I think what's happening with
North Korea is that everybody is waiting
for everybody else to go first and
somehow we got in a situation where both
sides imagined that the other side was
offering more than they were ever
offering so kim jungeun seems to be
under the impression that we will start
giving him stuff before he gives up his
nukes which is sort of exactly what
we're not going to do this time I mean
that's you know Trump doesn't have any
chance of giving of giving anything
substantive while they saw the nukes so
I guess they're just figuring out that
he's not going to do that just because
he's friendly so yeah so I asked myself
what could break the log jam what would
it take for North Korea to put
denuclearization back on the table and
let me offer a few suggestions now I
don't imagine that these suggestions
have not already been thought of well
I'll just put them out there so you can
kind of get a sense of persuasion to
what might work all right so so kim
jungeun needs our side to go first
so is there anything that we could do
that would be considered going first
that would be meaningful and yet
wouldn't cost us anything in other words
it wouldn't make us less safe in any way
but it would seem like a big deal and
indeed there is something one of the
things that we could give them that
wouldn't cost us anything
you know and again when I talk about
these issues I'm open to fact-checking
and adding context you know Scott Scott
you don't know the details but just tell
me the details you don't have to tell me
I'm an idiot you could just tell me if
there's something that I'm missing in
this analysis so one of the things we
could give Kim jong-un that wouldn't
cost us anything and would look like we
went first is declaring peace how hard
would it be to simply declare peace
secondly now of course we don't want to
give him anything unless he's doing some
stuff we want and apparently we haven't
seen that but could we say to him look
here's the deal
you can keep your nuclear industry but
just say that you're transitioning it to
domestic nuclear power and you know we
don't know how long that's going to take
but you know you can work with the
international community and turned it
into a money-making domestic nuclear
energy kind of a generation for safe
nuclear energy a situation and that
would still be nuclearization so how do
you denuclearize North Korea without
denuclearizing North Korea because you
know Kim jong-un doesn't want to give up
the fact that he's developed this
industry that's you know first world
competitive and the way to do that is to
say we're not asking you to denuclearize
we're asking you to make money so you
could maybe do with words something that
couldn't be done with an actual
agreement in other words we could say
we're not asking you to denuclearize
we're simply asking you to convert those
those resources into domestic nuclear
stuff why would he do that well he might
do it if we declared at the end of
hostility you know an official end of
the war he might do it if we
transitioned some of our troops that are
in South Korea into some other function
right now what does what does North
Korea and the rest of the world think we
have troops in South Korea for what why
does he think they're there well he I
assume he thinks are there because we
might want to attack North Korea I'm
sure that Kim jong-un thinks that so it
was there anything we could do that
would keep our forces there were some
percentage of the forces there
by relabeling them just maybe would we
real able our forces to something else
maybe it's a defensive force against
China all right now where I'm going with
this
is that both leaders Trump and kim
jungeun need to be able to say that
they're winning even if they're
negotiating even if they're both giving
something up that they don't want to
give so maybe you could create a world
in which what Kim is getting is for
example let's say a security agreement
by let's say China Russia and the United
States they could have a security
agreement they could have the end of the
war and they could remain a nuclear
country they just have to transfer it
over to peaceful means over time with
some inspections you're gonna have to
have inspections there's no way around
that
so could all of that be put together as
sort of a first offer we'll do all of
these things which are largely symbolic
well you do all of these things which
are in the short run largely symbolic
now if both sides do largely symbolic
things in the short run can you ever get
to things that actually mean something
well yes
North Korea could if they gain trust
that they're not about to be attacked
could over time have no reason to have
nuclear weapons so maybe they look to
their security agreement with the big
countries if they could come to trust
those agreements then I think maybe
there's something they have to work with
and in terms of the US could we ever
remove troops from South Korea if we
became comfortable that North Korea was
well on its way to being no threat at
all I think yes so in the short run the
only thing you can do is make promises
that seem more let's say theoretical and
more about persuasion and more about how
it looks but those things if successful
could also lead very long-term
to something good so maybe there's a way
to go there we'll see I've got people
coming at me on Twitter saying Scott -
you stupid cartoonist why did you think
North Korea would ever denuclearize to
which I say or what are we done and I
didn't know about it because all I see
is North Korea walking away just North
Korea walking away from the negotiating
table
just the way we walked away while the
the same way they'll walk away again
walking away from the negotiating table
doesn't mean you're done it means you're
in the middle so don't tell me I got it
wrong until we know how it ends which
might be years from now all right so
here's something interesting
have you noticed that if you saw the
Saturday live they were mocking the
Europeans who were mocking President
Trump so they did a skit where McCrone
and Trudeau and Boris Johnson are at the
cool kids cafeteria table and Trump is
ostracize ostracized because the cool
kids are making fun of him but what's
interesting is it was weirdly
pro-american and it was a weirdly Pro
Trump even while it was mocking Trump
and it feels like there's some kind of
shift going on at least that Saturday
there live because I watched that skit
and I wouldn't I came away thinking oh
yeah they made fun of President Trump as
they always do but they also made fun of
his critics and it looked to be his
critics in this case the European
leaders it looked to me like he would
Saturday Night Live was giving it to
them just as hard as they were giving it
to Trump which is sort of gentle comic
ribbing I don't know if that means
anything
yeah maybe it means that there's it
could be that they're just doing it for
ratings but it does seem like a shift
here's something else
president Trump tweeted that we've done
all the work
to be able to designate Mexico 8 or not
Mexico but the cartels
terrorist organizations which would give
us more power and dealing with them
especially financially and the President
of Mexico for reasons unknown talked
president Trump out of doing that so we
were all ready to get tough on the
cartels designating them terrorist
organizations and the President of
Mexico said not so fast
let's you know work together to see what
we could do what do you make of that
yeah the real story is that we don't
know what to make of it because there's
obviously information that we're not
privy to but we can speculate one
speculation is that the President of
Mexico is just part of the cartel or
owned by the cartel or doesn't want to
make the cartel mad or or you know the
cartel will kill his family or something
so but if that were the case wouldn't
President Trump just go ahead and
designate the cartels a terrorist
organization there's nothing to lose you
know if you know under the assumption
that the president was already corrupted
by the cartels you might as well
designate them terrorist organizations
there's a lot I don't see there to be a
downside to that so it makes me suspect
that maybe the President of Mexico has
some kind of a plan that we're not privy
to could be negotiating with them could
be who knows maybe maybe just better
cooperation so that the United States
can help Mexico with resources so Mexico
can go ahead and and take care of the
cartels themselves that way they keep
their sovereignty sovereignty so we
don't know what's going on there I
tweeted that it looks like it's hugs
that is because it looked like the least
the least effective thing we could do is
nothing so look like we weren't even
trying
that's sort of a wait-and-see I'm seeing
a movement online mostly from
conservative Twitter people to try to
get people been mostly to stop looking
at porn have you seen that so quite a
few smart influential people mostly on
the right are I don't know where the
movement came from but a lot of people
are simultaneously saying the same thing
that porn is harmful and it ruins your
brain and your relationships and your
energy and stuff and I would just like
to add this to the conversation ah porn
is probably like alcohol and marijuana
in this one sense that everybody's
response to it is different and
everybody's in a different situation
there are clearly people who if they
drink alcohol they have the gene they
become an alcoholic ruins their life no
doubt about that
there are clearly people who get into
marijuana become not a lazy or whatever
ruins their life and there I believe
it's also true that people can watch
porn until their brains are rewired and
it ruins their life so I think that all
three of those things have definitely
the potential to ruin people's lives but
all three of them are legal and it's
also true that some people just get all
positives so some people can drink to
their whole life they never become an
alcoholic they just keep it on the
weekends it's a social thing it adds to
their enjoyment of life it helps them
you know party with their friends so
while alcohol is poisoned in my opinion
I can't ignore the fact that for some
people they get more positives than
negatives just just doesn't work for all
people likewise marijuana is for some
people especially if they have medical
use for more positive the negative you
all know I'm a big fan of marijuana and
but I wouldn't be a big fan of it if I
were not
a rich cartoonist with a flexible
schedule and I've already made my money
there's not much downside at my age with
my career you know III can pay somebody
else to drive I mean I don't really have
a downside the way other people have a
downside
so marijuana too can destroy some
people's lives I'm sure and but other
people just get mostly positives from it
porn is probably the same way you will
notice that the people who are advising
the public to keep away from porn first
of all they're all well-meaning and
they're all smart pretty much everybody
was saying this I would say is very
smart very well-informed well-meaning
that's all good but I would add this
following caveat the people who are
saying that you shouldn't use porn are
almost totally the people who have
options if you have an alternative well
that's a pretty good reason not to look
at it if you don't have an alternative
and that's got to describe a pretty
sizable chunk of the population there
are a lot of people who just are aren't
capable and never will be of enjoying a
normal social even physical life for
them I would imagine that porn is
filling in some gap that they would not
really realistically be able to fill in
another way so the only thing I will add
to the conversation is I will agree that
alcohol marijuana and porn can destroy
lives I will agree definitely agree that
porn can rewire brains and make you
let's say it can SAP your energy you
know it can divert you from more
important things it can make you less
social can make you kind of a zombie you
can ruin your sex life and get do all
those things definitely can do all those
things but there are individual
differences and that's all I have to say
about that all right
John McAfee announced his candidacy for
president now Oh is somebody saying in
the comments they're also talking about
keeping young kids away from it in terms
of keeping young kids away from it I'm a
hundred percent on board no exceptions I
don't I don't think we should even
consider in the possibility just as we
would not with alcohol you know nobody's
going to say well some sixteen year olds
they can drink alcohol now nope
until until you get your brain at least
a little bit more mature if there were a
practical way to do it and I don't think
there is if you could ban children from
seeing it that would be great I'd be all
for that all right
the Democrats are preparing their
impeachment report and of course we have
some you know advanced information and
everybody's trying to frame it and spin
it Joel is doing a public
service by actually looking into it you
know most of the news that you hear on
this topic will be people who didn't
read it people like me who probably
won't read the whole thing but there are
a few things that stick out even early
will be lots more to talk about this but
apparently the report says and I'm
quoting the question is not whether you
have to listen to this quote this is
mind boggling this is one of the main
points in the impeachment report quote
the question is not whether the
president's conduct could have resulted
from permissible motives it is whether
the president's real reasons the ones in
his mind at the time were legitimate do
I do I even have to comment on that the
impeachment report is literally a loser
think document in which they're trying
to make the claim that they can deduce
president Trump's inner thoughts now
really we're going to impeach the
president based on the opinion of
strangers about his inner motivations
really is that the country we live in
let me make a prediction that's not
going to happen now the of course the
Democrats might vote to impeach but when
I'm using the casual language to talk
about removing him from office which
would require the Senate so their
removal from office there's no chance
there's no chat well there's no chance
that we're doing for this reason I don't
know if there are other reasons that
we'll hear but if there was anything
that gave up the game more than this I
don't know what it is which is that the
Democrats went into the meetings to
write the articles of impeachment before
they had agreed what they would be think
about that that the people who went to
write the articles of impeachment got in
a room together and were not even in
agreement about what was impeachable
even the people who were writing it they
had to reach a consensus in the room of
what things to even talk about now if
that doesn't tell you that the whole
thing is you know just look for a crime
as opposed to you know if it showed me
the person I'll show you the crime as we
often hear Alan do she would say that
should be the end of the story if they
went into the meeting not knowing what
even though we're gonna write down was
the impeachable offenses that should be
the end of it but of course we don't
live in that world so let's see how
often you hear the phrase mind-reading
so this will be a test of how much
influence I'm having on things I think
most of you who have been watching me
want for a while know that I believe I'm
the first person who introduced the idea
that one one part of loser think is
imagining you know what other people's
motives are because you don't so see how
many times you hear the phrase
mind-reading in the analysis analyses of
the impeachment report I think it's
going to come up
then also as Joel Pollock pointed out
apparently the document the impeachment
document refers to Andrew Jackson and
his impeachment as an example of
precedent except as Joel points out and
I'm no historian so I'm just repeating
what Joel said apparently the Andrew
Jackson impeach who was widely
considered a sham so the Democrats
apparently being either ignorant of
history or hoping that the public is
ignorant of history which would be a
good bet so we can't assume that they
were just ignorant because the better
assumption is that they do exactly what
they're doing by referencing Andrew
Jackson and they know that the public
won't know the difference
oh it's Johnson not Jackson Andrew
Johnson Johnson Jackson come on
so anyway so yes thanks for correcting
that Andrew Johnson I'm all confused now
so I'm not sure that I got that right
everybody in the comments is saying
Andrew Johnson so just edit everything
that I said back to Johnson all right in
any case the Andrew Johnson impeachment
was considered a sham and they're using
that as a precedent it probably will
work because people don't know their
precedents now there another thing that
I think it was Adam Schiff tweeted and I
don't have this in front of me but so
fact check me this I think you said
something like that there were five
hundred may be constitutional scholars
but at least legal experts that say
there are plenty of impeachable offenses
that that President Trump has committed
so are you influenced by the fact that
five hundred people signed a document
and apparently they're experts let's say
there's plenty of impeachable material
in 2019 to the year 2019 how much weight
should you put on
500 experts saying they agree with
Democrats the exact amount of weight you
should put on that is zero in my book
loser think which I hope you are all
buying as gifts for your entire family's
one of the things I described is if you
only know what happened you don't know
anything because you don't know what
didn't happen so in this case if 500
experts are willing to say that there is
plenty of impeach Abul material
what's missing what's missing is how
many experts are willing to sign a
document that says that they don't see
impeach you both conduct is that 500 is
a zero is it 10 million is it a thousand
I don't know is five right so somebody
in the comments is saying 500 out of how
many
right if all you know is that 500 agreed
really here's how you should read that
oh there are 500 lawyers who were also
Democrats that's that that's exactly how
you should read that there are 500
lawyers who are also Democrats that's
all that tells you John McAfee has
announced his candidacy for president
which is interesting because he's not
allowed in this country without getting
arrested so he he acknowledges that'll
be difficult for him to be President
given that he can't set foot in the
country without going to jail but ban is
John McAfee interesting I don't know
what drugs he's on I mean he admits to
enjoying his drugs quite a bit so I
don't know what drugs he's odd but
they're good ones and I I saw his tweet
and for some reason I wanted to see if
he follows me on Twitter and he does so
John McAfee actually follows me on
Twitter I follow him as well so John
McAfee if you're listening to this you
should come on my periscope as that
would be fun so that's my official
invitation just DM me a few DME a few
years
and you accept I would love to interview
you now that you have declared for
president admit it can you think of
anything more fun than me interviewing
John McAfee seriously can you
well maybe me interviewing President
Trump but of all the people you can
interview I might be the most fun so
here's a story that sounds like a small
story but might be a big story and as
here's there's a persuasion lesson in
this apparently Teran terrain how do you
pronounce or the big city in iran is
that tear and or tear and well it's one
of those fill it in in your mind
whatever one is right tear and
apparently they've got a problem where
they have periodically a horrible odor
coming from some parts of the capital
and they can't seem to figure out what
it is they don't know if it's a sewer
problem or you know some other weird
fact but it's not all the time but it's
bad enough that even the ayatollah said
to the president you know you need to
fix this now here's why this is
important whatever happens in tehran in
terms of the public and the protests
against the leadership is probably the
most important thing
all right so if i'm seeing some help in
pronunciation except that you're giving
me everybody's giving me different
different answers so i guess i can't
read your comments and decide because
they're opposites you're some people are
saying tear around tehran and some are
saying tehran and i guess i don't know
maybe it's the difference of whether you
live there or whether you don't live
there alright but back to my bad smell
in tehran tehran here's the thing the
more senses that you get involved in an
opinion the stronger it is
so that's your that's your persuasion
tip from
day the more of your five senses that
you can get involved let's say you're
trying to persuade somebody if you can
get them to see and touch and smell and
hear and it was NL five if you could get
all five of their senses engaged in
something you're trying to persuade this
that's powerful
Taron quite accidentally has the smell
of failure the smell of rot the smell of
a decaying old man who needs to be
deposed now is there anybody in Iran in
Tehran Tehran Tehran is there anybody
there who is thinking that the smell is
connected in any way to the protests
against the government probably not
there's there's probably nobody there
who's thinking in exactly those terms
but here's where it gets interesting
here's where it gets interesting
have you heard of a book called pre
suasion pre suasion written by robert
shell Dini
who also wrote the incredible book
influence which is about ways that
people are influenced pre suasion has
follow a book which is a newer one talks
about how people can be primed for an
opinion with a priming material that
doesn't seem to be related to the thing
you're trying to persuade now the best
example in the book is that people who
are exposed to images of the American
flag are more likely to vote Republican
soon after now the American flag of
course is a symbol of the entire country
the American flag is not a Republican
symbol it is one that the Republicans
tend to use more often but I don't think
that's why it's priests wases I think
that when you you see the flag you sort
of hone in your but your brain goes to
you know the Constitution and more
traditional historical happy thoughts
about the flag and apparently those have
some kind of weird overlap
mind with republicanism or republican
values so if it's true there's something
unrelated to Republicans at least not
directly related a flag can cause you
later to vote Republican are there other
things that can Prime you in the same
way and if there are are they
intentional for example if you are
Israel or the United States and you had
read the book pre suasion and you wanted
to topple a rotten old regime what would
you do to priests wait the people who
are on the ground yeah yeah one of the
ways you could do it and I'm just
speculating because these things all
have to be tested so there's no way to
know if this would be a good good idea
or a bad idea the less had been tested
but it's easy to test all you do is you
bring people in you expose them to a
smell and then you ask their opinion and
you see if their opinion is changed
because they were exposed to a bad smell
now if I said to you Tehran smells like
failure and death and old man at the
same time somewhat unrelated people are
trying to get rid of their failed
government that's run by an old man and
that sensation of the smell one of the
you know the big five of your senses is
is sort of floating around into your
brain does that make you more likely to
want to overthrow your government here's
my persuasion answer probably yes and
probably a lot now I've talked before
about persuasion being you know a game
of millimeters you know you could be a
candidate and try to persuade voters all
year for a year and you'd be lucky if
you can move a sliver of the
independence right so persuasion is not
always a strong force it's got very weak
forces such as a candidate trying to
move the electorate
and that it has strong forces like a
really good advertising campaign for
example adding this pre sway civ smell
to Tehran if it came from the United
States or if it came from Israel I'm
just speculating I'm not saying it did
but if they came up with that idea to
make Tehran smell like failure it's one
of the smartest things ever because that
would be really powerful I think now I
don't think they'd do it unless they had
tested it in some way but it's easy to
test and I'm pretty sure that if you
tested it you would get the result that
I imagined you would get you would be
priests waited to be more was he more
incentivized to get rid of the
government and the smell because they
would merge in your minds it's the same
thing and you would even have some logic
to that because you'd say well if we
have a good functioning government yeah
I'm sure they would have taken care of
this smell so I just put that out there
I'm not going to say that the smell is
intentional but I might ask why isn't it
because it's probably a really good
strategy so the president used another
technique which I will teach you it's
called the small ask if you were a
salesperson and you're trying to get
somebody to buy a $1,000,000 item one of
the techniques that a salesperson will
do is they'll try to get you to agree or
say yes to something smaller well try to
get you to do anything you know attend a
meeting to do your favorite or - yeah
anything if you get somebody to do
something small for you your prime said
to do something larger it's basic
salesperson technique President Trump
when he got he got some hostages back in
an exchange with a random some hostages
that had been there for a while and he
tweeted taken during the Obama
administration despite 150 billion
dollar gift returned during the Trump
administration meaning the hostages
thank you to a
ran on a very fair negotiation see we
can make a deal together
the president says see we can make a
deal together so the president is
calling out this very small deal as
successful and it's something that yeah
Iran probably got a you know result that
we're happy about and it's a very small
ask now we're not gonna ask you to give
up nukes but let's just do this little
exchange it's very smart to do little
things and then call them out as
successful if you're trying to get a big
thing done so that's good technique from
the president I
I assume that the reason there did the
the exchange is because they were going
to do him anyway I don't think they did
the exchange as part of a you know a
persuasive package but once you've done
it you should do what the president did
which is called a nail as a tiny example
of progress that you could build on this
is good technique all right
did I talk about se copy yet yeah I
think I did all right what else we got
here I believe that's all I had
I think we've solved all play in the old
days yeah so have you noticed that the
anti-trump ours are flailing around to
try to find some new attack on the
president so you see Pelosi she pivoted
back to Russia because Ukraine did to
work out so she's like back to Russia
back to Russia it's all about Putin so
apparently they're using the Kevin Bacon
six degrees of separation to say that
anything that Trump does in the
international realm is good for Putin
it's all about Putin and SE Cupp tweeted
that you know that
that their real reason and what the
president is gonna leave office now
if if you're throwing in the mix the
possibility that the president might not
leave office after a second term aren't
you an of ammunition isn't that a big
old signal that says you know we've got
nothing so let's imagine we can read his
mind and not only read his mind but that
he would do something that is literally
impossible and I suppose anything's
possible
but what are the odds that any president
could get a third tournament in the
United States and that's as close to
zero as you can get so they first of all
read his mind
and see his intentions crazy then they
think you somehow capable of doing that
while at the same time being the most
you know incompetent president in there
in their view of all time what why is
the president so competent on just this
one thing being a dictator really he's
you know he's impulsive and incompetent
and everything else according to his
critics but there's one thing he's
really good at being the dictator in the
future so it's great great all right
you are leaning on mind-reading the way
too much which would be the example of
what I if you're thinking that I'm
relying on mind-reading because I'm
saying that the Democrats are out of
ammo I will acknowledge I don't know
what's in their minds but if you're a
monster and you're running as somebody
who has a gun and they decide to throw
the gun at you instead of shoot you you
can usually not always but you can
usually assume the gun is empty because
they threw the gun so when you see
people saying he's gonna become a
dictator and stay in office that's a lot
like being an of ammo and just throwing
the gun at the monster that's what
looks like but anybody who says I'm not
a mind-reader you are correct
I'm not a mind-reader yeah but I will
tell you that you should read loser
think because the entire impeachment
process is going to be nothing but
losers who think it's going to be half
pinions where people look at the cost
but not the benefits or vice versa
you're going to see the people leaving
out of context you're going to see
mind-reading you're gonna see analogies
you're gonna see everything in my book
loser think this coming week when the
piece for your report comes out so
that'll be fun
yes loser I think is available as an
audiobook as well thank you I'm glad you
like the audiobook so some people are
saying they've enjoyed it
wordy sturdy is ready two three times
already
yeah I'm hearing that a lot a lot of
people are reading and then rereading
the book which is a really good sign oh
let's talk about Saudi Arabia so just
quickly so I saw a tweet by somebody
anti-trump er who said well you know
we're being awfully nice to Saudi Arabia
awfully awfully non-belligerent after
their one of their citizens shot some
military people on a base and killed
them and and the critic said huh if Iran
did that we'd be looking for war but
Saudi Arabia does that and we're just
like whatever now is that the dumbest
comment you've ever heard because there
is a difference between Saudi Arabia and
Iran lots of differences but one of them
is one of them is our ally and the other
is our nemesis why in the world would
you treat an ally and a nemesis the same
way
why would you treat them the same but
who who can tweet in public something so
dumb that they think we should treat our
allies and our and our enemies exactly
the same based on what they do now I'm
not defending Saudi Arabia I'm saying
they got some they got some issues
they've got some questions that need to
be answered but it is nonetheless true
that if a Saudi citizen kills Americans
you don't really think it's because it
came from the top you don't think it was
ordered by you know MPs but if an
Iranian military person killed Americans
you would kind of think it came from the
top so why would you treat those two
situations the same
you should not all right that's all I
got for now and I will talk to you later