just because it's Sunday that doesn't
mean you don't have time to come in here
and enjoy coffee with Scott Adams and if
you're an early bird and you get here by
the time we reach the thousand follower
mark which will be any moment we're
gonna have the simultaneous sip here it
comes
one thousand followers and Oh some of
you got here in time good job for you so
we're gonna check in on the state of
Trump derangement syndrome today but
first I there was a headline that caught
my eye so Kevin Spacey who you all
remember was accused of some b2 behavior
with some young man years ago so Kevin
Spacey has a new movie out and here's
the headline on CNN Kevin Spacey movie
earns only a hundred and twenty six
dollars on day one you heard that right
not a hundred and twenty six thousand
dollars Kevin Spacey's movie earned a
hundred and twenty six dollars on its
first day ouch
so there's there's a weird little trend
that I've just noticed and in just the
last few days and the trend goes like
this that that even the people who are
critics of the president are trying to
call back other critics like oh you're
going too far and this might be a sign
that we've reached peak TDS Peak Trump
derangement syndrome and I'm gonna give
you three examples some of them you
might be familiar with but if you see
them in contact
they're more powerful so one of them is
on Bill Maher show real-time one of the
biggest critics of the president is
Preet Bharara I think I'm pronouncing
correctly so he was he was fired by the
Trump administration and he admits he's
a critic of the president for a number
of things but I want I want to hear you
watch him push back when Bill Maher
accuses the president of being a traitor
so we'll see if we can see this come on
oops I've got a sound problem here well
maybe I don't I think the first part
didn't have sound so Baro was fired he
was asked about presidents Trump's
lawyer blah blah blah we'll get to the
good part moment dammit no sound
anyway the this is what it was supposed
to say was one Bill Maher referred to
the President as a traitor Preet Bharara
actually stopped him and said that it
degrades the criticism when you take it
too far I don't think the phone is on
mute let's see if that was the problem
but yes so I saw you what I said traitor
you looked like you were uncomfortable
with the word you can subject yourself
to criticism if you are sort of
overstating and I'm not saying
necessarily are but if you're
overstating what other people have done
[Music]
say that so he's an attorney you know
one of the top ones in the country you
think top prosecutors and he refers to
calling the president a traitor
overstating and he did that with Bill
Maher's all right so that's your first
example of a Trump critic calling back
another Trump critic saying go up you
went too far let me give you a couple
more these are fresh ones examples so
there's a - I've tweeted so even Rachel
Maddow was calling out John Brennan on
his BS she wouldn't let him weasel word
it I know of course she wanted him to
say treason but she was sort of exposing
him for you know being erratic so the so
the irony is that he lost his security
clearance for allegedly being erratic
and then he goes on Rachel Maddow and
Rachel Maddow can't even numbers
he's saying is like seems to me is being
a little erratic that's my opinion
but here's the best one I think it's
Katy tur show on MSNBC and Michelle
Goldberg is a columnist for The New York
Times in Michelle Goldberg is it is
Curry to suggests that the president
wants to round up and kill people he
just hasn't done it so watch what
happens when the Katy tur hears her
guest on New York Times columnist
Michelle Goldberg say this watch Katy
tur try to call her back so the no he's
not is Michelle Roth in the world in
politics right now and he is very vocal
and I do agree with you that this does
express a level of exasperation among
his aides they can't have any control
over Michelle Goldberg New York Times
columnist who's on television and says
with total confidence that she knows
what the president is thinking and that
he's thinking wants to round people up
and kill him
now that is so far beyond the realm of
you know same behavior I don't think
she's you know medically insane but
certainly temporarily she's operating
like she's got Trump derangement
syndrome there so there were there are
three examples where you're seeing the
anti chompers you wasn't pulling back
the other it's like ah and let me put a
frame on this the people who are anti
Trump errs are starting to embarrass
themselves in other words it's starting
to get embarrassing to be on the sun to
be an anti jumper do you remember this
was a prediction I got wrong but
probably only because of the timing so
that the prediction I made prematurely
was that the anti-trump errs would start
to be embarrassed would start to be
embarrassed by their criticism of the
president I just showed you three
examples that happened this week in
which you saw for yourself
three anti Trump errs being a little bit
embarrassed by their own team I'm not
going to claim that I got that
prediction right because I missed it by
about a year but yeah pretty mature
predict ulation exactly the 48-hour rule
so yes the 48-hour rule is in effect but
I didn't see anything that any of these
folks said there would necessarily be
something they would change in 48 hours
but if they do if they do if anybody if
anybody clarifies in the next 48 hours I
will abide by the 48-hour rule for
clarification and I will say I accept
the clarification do you know why
because I don't want to be Michelle
Goldberg she believes she can read minds
and she is so certain that she
said it in public imagine going in
public and saying with confidence you
can read the mind of somebody else you
are a shill let's block that guy yeah
how do you how do you clarify it would
be a hard one to clarify but hey if
somebody does clarify I'm all-in
there's another attack in Seattle
somebody's saying somebody wearing a
mega hat I haven't seen that yet will
you embarrassed if will you be
embarrassed if you're wrong I'm
generally not embarrassed when I'm wrong
about anything I was gonna do a
periscope about how to not be
embarrassed and have to not feel shame
it's the reaction to it hmm
yeah I'll probably give you a separate
periscope on on how to avoid shame and
embarrassment
I'll give you well maybe I can make it
quick I'll give it to you right now so
this is how to avoid shame and
embarrassment these are just a few tips
number one try to be good at something
it doesn't matter what it is you could
just be have a good character you could
be helpful you know it doesn't have to
be a world-class skill but you know you
could be a good parent you could be a
good student it's not a very high bar
but try to be good at something because
then if you fall on your face doing
something else you won't say to yourself
oh my god I'm a gigantic loser and
everything I do is bad so you need a few
things in your arsenal that you can say
oh okay I'm bad at this
or I messed up on this but I'm clearly
not a bad person
because I can do other things well and I
good character or whatever it is but be
good at something that gives you a
little protection the next thing is it's
a learned ability the ability to
withstand shame and embarrassment is
completely learned not completely
learned but it's very learnable and the
way you do it is you put yourself in
situations where you will absolutely
feel a little bit embarrassed
but it won't hurt you I took the Dale
Carnegie course somebody mentioned
earlier here and one of the exercises
was you would do something embarrassing
in front of the class now even though
it's a you know it's a small group and
you get to know them pretty well but
maybe 25 people the advice you get is
you do here's what we did this was many
years ago I'm sure they don't do the
same exercise but they make you talk
like you're a at least the men they
would make the men talk like a weird
hillbilly a woman they didn't use the
word hillbilly but you would have to go
in front of the class and you'd say
something like this this is a bad
example of it but they'd say I am Scott
my name is lug you know and you would
just go way over the top in acting about
somebody was a different gender yeah so
something that would be weird and
uncomfortable and there's no way you
could do it well so the the exercise by
its nature was something nobody was
going to do in an elegant respectful way
you just couldn't do it
you were gonna look like an idiot and
you were gonna do it in front of the
class and everybody would do it so all
25 people would have to get up and
embarrass themselves and even though
it's a controlled safe environment you
still feel it you still feel embarrassed
because we're just wired that way but
you do it a few times and then the class
simply doesn't care they just don't care
about you they're thinking about
themselves they're thinking about what
they had for breakfast
but people don't really care about you
just embarrassing yourself and once you
go through the cycle enough times you
realize hey I've embarrassed myself 15
times this week and nothing's different
my coffee tastes the same I still have
my job I still you know my loved ones
are exactly the same look at all the
ways I've embarrassed myself nothing
changed nothing nothing physical nothing
changed it was all in my mind and it's
never enough simply to just tell
somebody that like I'm telling you so
the fact that I'm just explaining it
won't help you a bit
you have to actually go and put yourself
in positions where you are guaranteed to
be embarrassed but in safe ways because
you'll still feel embarrassed and then
you just get used to it after a while
can you imagine the number of times I've
been criticized you know in my 30 years
of public life you know every single day
lots and lots of times how many times if
I sent a tweet with a typo or just a
word spelled wrong whether yeah I won't
even call it a typo because that's
letting me not be embarrassed but
sometimes I just felt a wardrobe in
public I'm a professional writer and
it'll spell a word wrong and then
tweeted out and quarter of a million
people will see it should I be
embarrassed by that maybe some people
would but other do I people Emma it's
hard to block the right people here
somebody says never embarrassed equals a
narcissist so here's another tip for
avoiding embarrassment if you're hung up
on who is or is not a narcissist then
you don't understand ego if you think
ego is who a person is then you're also
going to think that if they are not
embarrassed they might be a narcissist
but none of this is about who you are if
you
right if you do it right your ego is
just a tool and you can ramp it up and
you can ramp it down a good time to ramp
up your ego is if you're going in for a
job interview or you're in some kind of
a athletic competition it's good to get
your confidence as high as you can in
those cases but if you're going into
some other situation let's say you're
you know meeting the parents of your
boyfriend girlfriend or fiance or
something you probably don't want to go
in looking like a narcissist so you want
to dial it down you see the president
doing this all the time by the way he
dials it up and Donnell's it down so
that so the tip is if you're asking the
question hey is somebody who is not
embarrassed are they a narcissist if
you're even asking that question then
you're seeing the world in an
unproductive way the real question is if
I if if all of you accused me of being a
narcissist does that embarrass me nope
because first of all I don't you know I
happen to you know have a better insight
about my own but myself and whether it's
true or not I wouldn't care because I I
can use my tool might use my ego as a
tool if I crank it up and you say hey
you're a narcissist I don't care because
what I need to all crank it down and
then somebody will say well you're a
very humble person and either those will
be true I'm neither the humble person
when I ramp it down nor am I the
narcissist when I ramp it up I'm not
those people I'm a person who
understands the ego is a tool and I move
it where it needs to be to get me the
best result so once you start thinking
of it that way and it's not who you are
it's just how you manage you know you
manage your confidence that's that's a
more productive way to look at it
another way to avoid or reduce your
shame / embarrassment is to use the the
imagination and to imagine yourself on
your deathbed so this is the deathbed
imagination technique so you get
embarrassed and you're like you know how
sometimes you're just like you're red
and you're sweaty and you're like super
embarrassed say to yourself okay imagine
yourself you know decades in the future
and you're on your deathbed are you
gonna be thinking about that are you
gonna be thinking about that day that
you were embarrassed you are not in fact
ask yourself how many of your past
embarrassments are you thinking about
right now personally none zero that's
how many past embarrassments I'm
thinking about right now so one of the
great things about the way humans are
designed is that they forget a lot of
stuff
so however embarrassed you are at any
moment you should know with certainty
they get to get over it and you don't
have to do anything special to do it
there's nothing you have to do to get
over it it just goes away so you just
think yourself into the future and say
oh if I do absolutely nothing special
this problem that I'm feeling just goes
away and that will actually make it or
help it you know it helped diminish it
in the near term because you know it's
not a problem
the the way our brains work is that when
we're worrying about something at the
moment like you let's say you're feeling
shame at the moment what you're really
doing is worrying that that feeling is
going to continue and when you tell
yourself it never does it allows you to
minimize it at the moment because you're
not really worried about the moment
because the moment is already past how
long is a moment so if you say I feel
embarrassed at the moment
moment is gone what you were really
worried about was the next moment in the
next moment and the next moment and the
one thing you could say about the next
moments for sure is that you will be
less immersed so the future looks good
when you're embarrassed actually when
you're embarrassed the future looks
great because it's gonna be better than
whatever you're feeling right now
guaranteed pretty much always does so
those are a few tricks the other thing
is you're a couple more tricks you know
I've talked about the simulation theory
way too much the idea that were not
necessarily an original species but we
might be a computer simulation created
by some other species and the argument
there you mostly if you're hurted by now
is that if there is ever a species that
can create a simulation
they'll probably create more than one so
the odds that you're the original and
not the many copies of of sim you of
both worlds is very low so sometimes I
tell myself what if I'm just a
simulation what if I'm just software is
is this feeling that I'm having the
feeling of embarrassment is that me it's
not gonna last
it's now Who I am it's not me it's just
transient and you can actually just
think your way past it by saying I seem
to be whole there's nothing wrong with
me my hands my legs my body I can still
eat I just
there's just no impact from any of these
thoughts I'm having so you could sort of
think yourself up to instead of being
your ego and your ego just got beat up
you're not the thing that got beat up
you're not that thing so stop thinking
for yourself as the thing that just got
beat up you are some kind of entity
whether you're a simulation or or not
you're something bigger than that event
that event was not terribly important in
you
so those are some techniques someone
says I always get embarrassed practice
so if you always get embarrassed run
toward it don't run away from
embarrassment if you feel embarrassed if
if you're feeling embarrassed on a
regular basis run toward it and yeah and
here's a little tip for those of you who
feel embarrassed about stuff every time
you feel embarrassed you become more
protected because you have you go
through the experience of being
embarrassed and then however long it
takes you know a few hours or a few days
you're over it you're just over it what
if he make an important mistake
well I'm big on apologies and fixing
things in fact one of the one of the
main ways that I define character is not
by mistakes I do not define character by
what you what mistake you made I I
define character partly by what you did
about it so if I were to if I were to
judge any of you by your mistakes well
you're all up you're all a terrible
bunch of people because you've all done
horrible things yeah you haven't killed
people necessarily but you've all made
mistakes probably most of you have lied
some of you have omitted information you
know you've done selfish things we've
all done some bad stuff but if you make
a mistake and then you are tone for it
you know you apologize you restate your
mistake so people know you understand
your mistake and then you do whatever
you can do every situation is different
but you do what you can do to
you know fix the situation you pay
somebody back you promise to fix
something you talk to somebody you
apologize whatever it is in the
situation I definitely judge people by
how they handle their mistakes and
that's the way you should judge yourself
so here's another tip you're probably
going to judge yourself by a standard
that you would judge other people by why
wouldn't you right if your standard for
judging character is the mistakes you
made
and the things you did that you you
should legitimately feel embarrassed by
if those are the things you judge who
you are you're probably judging other
people that way too that's not a good
way to go through your life don't judge
people by their mistakes judge them by
what they do about them once they have
been pointed out that there's a mistake
so if I I can think of situations in
which I've done something you know
usually accidentally there was just bad
and I should be embarrassed about it
and I find that my level of
embarrassment goes way down when I go
toward it in other words I go right to
the person that you know I I harmed
accidently directly apologize directly
state what the problem was and directly
say what I'm gonna do about it in the
future
that's the Steve Jobs apology stack if
you will so the apology stack is you you
restate it so people know what it is you
know you're talking about the same thing
and you're not trying to weasel out of
it so you state it and the most in the
starkest you know clearest way and then
people go okay you get what went wrong
here step one step two you apologize for
it
in a way that sounds sincere because you
know don't apologize if you don't mean
it
and then you say what you're gonna do
about it to make it better in the future
can't fix the past can't fix the past
but you can do something about in the
future so that's the I'll call that the
Steve
jobs apology stack had to deal with an
embarrassing problem if you haven't
heard this story I tell it a lot but
when when Apple had the an antenna gate
problem when you held your phone if your
finger was in a certain place it blocked
the antenna and the phone would drop it
signal what an embarrassing problem for
a company that makes a phone you hold in
your hand it's made to be held in your
hand and it's specific flaw was that you
couldn't hold it in your hand it's the
most embarrassing thing you could ever
imagine for it well I'm sure you could
get something more more embarrassing but
imagine how embarrassing that is as the
person whose identity Steve Jobs is
identified with this object hey I made a
handheld object I bet my company on it
and the only time it doesn't work is
when you hold it in your hand how
embarrassing would that be with Steve
job Jobs embarrassed I'm not a
mind-reader but look at the way he
handled it he went on a conference call
and he said some version of this and
paraphrasing he said all smart all
smartphones have problems which was
brilliant he changed the frame so you
could think you could put it in context
and by the way that's good for you too
if you're if you're feeling embarrassed
put it in context you're not the one
person on earth who was embarrassed
today you're not the one person on earth
who was ever embarrassed you're living
in a world where there's just
embarrassment all over the place and
most people don't care about yours they
think about their own but they don't
really care about your embarrassment and
then he said um you know we want to make
it better for our customers and then he
said to what he was going to do about it
so that's so if you handle your
embarrassment in a in a proper way that
also helps you get past it
here's another here's another fact that
just helps you put things in perspective
and some of you have heard this there's
research that shows that the most loyal
customer
is not the one who had a good experience
the most loyal customer and this is
counterintuitive but you'll see how this
fits in the most loyal customer is not
the one who had a good experience the
most loyal one is the one who had a bad
experience complained and then you fixed
it when you fix somebody's bad
experience it bonds them to you so you
should think you should think you know
if you're on the other side of that
equation and you know that you've done
something embarrassing and bad and you
need to apologize for it you're
apologizing makes you a better person
than if nothing had happened in the
first place who would you trust somebody
who messed up sincerely apologized
understood the problem and said what
they were gonna do about it would you
trust that person I would that that's a
person I would trust a lot in fact my
opinion of that person's character would
go way up and I wouldn't judge them by
the original problem I would judge them
by how they handled it so those are a
few techniques Trump never apologizes
yeah in his case he's got a whole thing
going on where he knows that if he
starts apologizing he's never going to
be done
priests don't apologize is that true I
don't that may not be true anything new
with blight authority I still need to do
there are some interesting things
brewing with the blight authority that I
won't tell you about but there's some
very very high-level activity meaning
that smart people are are looking at it
that's all I can tell you for now can't
log into the forum I'll look into that
so you're saying that blight Authority
com won't let you login I'll make sure
that it's working if you tried it the
other day it was subject to a denial of
service attack so if you tried to log
into the platform a few days ago it was
down some hackers had attacked it but it
was it was back up and if it was a few
days ago you had the problem just try it
again
what's my new book going to be new book
is going to be on how to escape your
mental prisons somebody asked about the
URL I believe that both the URLs work
blight Authority and also the blight
Authority I think it it it'll send you
to the other one as the manuscript going
to copywriting yet no I'm only 20% done
writing it yeah so it's brand-new I just
started
am i happier now or before Trump have
you ever heard of the theory about
baseline happiness it's the idea that it
feels like your happiness is being
determined by things happening in your
life but science has debunked that it
turns out that people are born with some
kind of genetic biological disposition -
how happy they can be and they can have
a bad day and still be happy and other
people can have a good day and never be
happy so there you don't have a lot of
movement from your your baseline and if
you do it's usually temporary and then
you're back to your baseline so when you
say am i happier before or after Trump
you know in before Trump if you went way
back maybe I had bigger problems and you
know those made me unhappy but I'd say
the same I'm happy in a different way I
was happy you know I'm happy when things
are going well less happy when they are
how do you determine your baseline oh
you probably know just over the course
of your life where do you spend most of
your time are you mostly happy or are
you mostly unhappy that's probably your
baseline is being happy the same as
being positive no but you know I have a
very controversial theory hypothesis
let's call the hypothesis that everybody
gets angry when I stay at it so so you
know that when when people are angry at
your hypothesis it either means you're
way off or you're nailing it and and
here's the hypothesis you're gonna hate
this by the way and remember I'm calling
it a hypothesis so don't take this out
of context I hypothesis means I am NOT
certain this is true nor am i thinking
it's most likely to be true it's just
something interesting enough
that is worth saying when people are
unhappy or even I think if physical
depression I won't go that far but let's
just say they're unhappy they're having
a bad day how often is it that they're
also low-energy and I think that people
think that they're low-energy
because they're in a bad mood or they're
low-energy because they're mildly
depressed and in this context I'm not
talking about clinically depressed where
that's a little different deal but just
your attitude is somewhat depressed
they're almost always low energy meaning
that my hypothesis is if you took
somebody who is you know just normally
miserably unhappy and you just gave them
a shot of some drug that just kept him
up that they would act Appy and if you
ask them are you happy they'd say well
at the moment I am and so the hypothesis
is that we mistake happiness and energy
because when we are happy we're also
high-energy lots of times like hey you
know let's party I'm happy and when
we're unhappy we're often I don't even
want to get off the couch I don't want
to do and the way we process that is
that our attitude has affected our
energy my hypothesis is that we have it
backwards and that if you could directly
affect somebody's energy they would act
and feel happy more often than not now
like I say I'm not counting clinically
you know people have like clinically
medical depression and mental problems
that's a that's its own category but
within the normal zone of happy or not
I think it's energy if you want to test
this if you have children in your life
and those children are like unhappy and
fighting and grumpy and you know they're
crying and whatever so try feeding them
just giving them some food now when
you know when you eat it gets your
energy up a little bit you know
sometimes you're you're hungry and it
just saps your energy if you feed kids
that are in a bad mood
watch how often they get in a good mood
instantly it's it's almost phenomenal
how well that works likewise if you're
if your kids are fighting and angry and
miserable about everything
ask yourself how much they slept the
night before and you'll find an almost
perfect correlation with children
between those two things did they get
enough sleep and have they eaten
recently and watch that correlation
because those are the energy
correlations now also hydration because
if you're poorly hydrated you'll
actually feel tired even though it's a
fake tired it's actually just
dehydration so if you're if they're
hydrated and they've eaten and they've
gotten good sleep watch how rarely
children are miserable so that's my
hypothesis anyway that's enough for now
I'm gonna try to come back later this
afternoon and do something on blight
Authority so if you can login to blight
Authority calm and you have some ideas
about how to design a community that
would be a great help to the world you
can help the world that's not even the
exaggeration if you've got a good idea
you can go to the blight Authority put
it on there I guarantee you'll see it
and probably lots of other people who
are in we're in the right space to make
something happen and your idea could
change the world that's not even a
little bit of an exaggeration a couple
of good ideas might be what we need to
to you know make a big difference in
your urban urban areas all right so I'm
all positivity today and we'll keep it
that way and I will talk to you all
later later