pom pom pom pom pom pom hey everybody
come on in it's good to see you
is it my imagination or do you look
smarter and sexier than even yesterday I
swear everyone of you is looking
brighter and you're just glowing today
what is it about you did you change your
diet well a good job whatever you doing
well I know why you're here you're here
to have the simultaneous hip
you found the right place this is coffee
with Scott Adams and you are about to
enjoy the unparalleled pleasure yeah all
you need is a copper Margaret glasses
time to tell us tank to thermos flasks
canteen Grail goblet vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I'm
partial to coffee and if you'd like to
have the dopamine the end of the day the
thing that makes everything better
you'll join me right now are you ready
you ready you ready go oh yeah oh yeah
good stuff y'all get to watch the or
y'all when did I become southern hey
y'all are y'all gonna watch the debates
tonight good stuff will the Democrats go
easy on Joe Biden or do they think Joe
Biden will simply take care of himself
well well I've got a joke man goes into
the doctor and he says doctor I have
been in a terrible industrial accident
and my mail unit is hanging from a
thread can you save it the doctor of
Luxy goes now we're gonna have to remove
it and the man says no I need a second
opinion he runs to another doctor says
doctor doctor my manhood is hanging by
just a thread do you think we can save
it and the doctor says no I don't think
we can he goes the next doctor an actor
and he says doctor doctor are you gonna
have to amputate and doctor says no we
will not the man says
thank you and the doctor says you know I
have to amputate that that's gonna fall
off on its own and that is the story of
Joe Biden it may be that the other
Democratic candidates do not have to
attack him at all not at all they may
just have to wait for it to fall off on
its own
so that they can be good people and
still get rid of Joe Biden speaking of
Joe Biden hunter Biden gave his first
interviews and saw the stuff when Darren
about Ukraine and he said that he did
absolutely nothing wrong
by taking that role on the board or isma
but he had ended that it was a swampy
situation I did nothing wrong
but I was involved in a swampy situation
ooh that's very close to doing something
wrong what was it that made it swampy
and yet not wrong was it legally wrong
well apparently not it wasn't illegal I
was listening to a CNN pundit say that
what hunter Biden did was not illegal
and not unethical what even-even hunter
Biden said it was swampy where is the
dividing line between swampy and
unethical is there a line doesn't swampy
kind of mean unethical sorta is there a
difference between swampy and unethical
if if hunter Biden goes on TV and he
himself labels the situation swampy how
does a pundit who's watching it say it's
on earth it's not unethical or that's a
stretch all right yeah speaking of
Project Veritas so we we got to see
James O'Keefe's
latest offering undercover camera from a
CNN I think it was a contract
or something but he had a lot to say and
there were a few other people who were
undercover camera subjects I think what
we found out is that the boss Jeffrey
Zucker
only wants to push impeachment as a
story and nothing else seems to matter
over there he's got that one concern and
he's just gonna go after a pitcher so I
don't think there's any question any
more about CNN's bias but I don't know
that that was necessarily new however
sometimes when you put faces and names
and stories to things you take something
that was a concept people knew and you
activate it so it becomes active in
people's minds as opposed to just a
concept that floats through that they
could they could talk to it if they had
to write an essay report but it doesn't
have much persuasive power on them soon
as you both faces on it you're you're in
good hands all right you're in good
hands meaning is if you're both faces on
something it's more persuasive
so the outrage continues over the
Kingsmen video showing the president
slaying various members of the media
with their well you've all seen the
video by now so the original movie the
Kingsmen got a whole lot of attention
and apparently they have a third
Kingsman movie in the works what a great
time to be working on a third one of
those but now that we found out that the
entire meme that everybody was concerned
about was running on a little television
set in the corner of a room that not
many people went to it was just in a
room by itself a little TV that probably
nobody stood there and watched so
approximately zero people saw the meme
except who ever complained to printer
apparently but then they got literally
tens of millions of views once people
complained so what are we making that
outraged the theater that's our second
oral scene
all right is it
is it my imagination or is Trump being
proven right about a Syria it feels like
on day one it looked kind of
questionable day one looked like oh my
god we're abandoning our allies and that
was sort of all we knew right that was
the whole story
day one abandoning our allies day 2 day
3 we get more information more detail
and turns out it's this might surprise
you you didn't see this coming so I
might be the first person who's ever
told you this but it turns out and and
don't don't spread this around it turns
out that the Middle East is a
complicated place I know I know
it's the first time you've heard that
but it's complicated over there
turns out did you know this there's more
than one variable one variable is
whatever commitment we have morally or
otherwise to the Kurds
that's a variable I didn't know this but
it turns out there are other variables
there's this group called Isis have you
heard of them
there's Syria there's Russia there's a
Saud there's a Rand there's Turkey turns
out there's a lot of variables in play
there and I was just reading it analysis
by an ex CIA operations person and let
me be specific former CIA ops officer
brian dean right right spelled WRI tht
Brian Dean right Brian with hawai and he
sort of walks walks us through what's
happening over there and he puts it in
the framework of let's say a plan or a
strategy although I don't like to use
those words now wandering points out is
that by
even if forces the players to find some
kind of balance as long as we stayed
things could stay permanently and a
balance because we were artificial power
in the region but as soon as we left
suddenly everybody got flexible did you
notice that by everybody having the
curds what was it about the curds that
allowed them to make this deal with
Russia and Syria
a few days after Turkey attacked but
they were unwilling to deal with Syria
and Russia at least productively before
the attack was there any point at which
the Kurd said whoa whoa whoa Turkey can
you give us a few days to see if we
could work something out where you're
happy we're happy everybody gets what
they want
do you remember the Kurds ever doing
that I don't and now I don't know that
they didn't try that but as a consumer
of the news and somebody who's trying to
form an opinion I'm looking at it and
I'm saying to myself there's a step
missing there should have been a step
where the Kurds said hey United Nations
hey Turkey hey everybody can you just
hold your fire for a couple days let's
talk there's probably some way you can
get what you want while we can get
something like what we want I don't see
why we have to be at war did that ever
happen did that ever happen now there
might be a perfectly good reason why
that never happened it could be that the
Kurds know darn well that the Turks were
not going to talk to them in any
productive way but it's still
conspicuously missing it just seems like
you should have done that anyway even if
your odds were very small that it would
make a difference so there's something
that the Kurds need to explain and one
of the things that the Kurds need to
explain is why is it that we're the ones
responsible for their decisions because
they make decisions too and their
decisions affect us and if what they
decided to do was fight when there was
still some possibility to talk that's
sort of their decision
that's not our decision but again we're
ignorant consumers of the news maybe
they tried we just don't know about it
if they did try and we don't know about
it that's a big part of the story is it
you know that would that could modify
what you think about the whole thing
changes how you think of the Kurds but
here's what we've learned in the in the
following days we've so the public has
been educated that there are such a
thing as good Kurds and bad Kurds if I
can simplify bad Kurds being people that
even the United States has labeled
terrorists turkey has labeled them
terrorists and Turkey should not be
expected to put up with terrorists on
their border who could ask Turkey to put
up with terrorists on their border when
the United States went halfway around
the world to kill some terrorists just
so they didn't come to their border
again so I don't know how you could
blame Turkey for wanting to get rid of
people that we even we consider
terrorists on their border there's
there's clearly that was a real military
risk so you got that going on and I
think that people are starting to
understand that Turkey is not attacking
another country for fun yeah they're not
doing it for entertainment they had
they're not doing it for a conquest
there doesn't seem to be any ambition on
Turkey side for conquering territory for
the purpose of you know having a greater
turkey or anything like that so I think
people are getting into the details a
little bit and they're seeing the
following that Brian Dean right lays out
pretty well in his tweet and he talks
about how our absence will cause a
quagmire for Russia and Syria and Iran
and they also have a reason to fight
Isis so we don't need to be there
because the people who are already there
have enough power and resources and
they're all on the same side in terms of
fighting Isis so I think what's going to
happen is that the president will take
lots of heat there will be Kurds getting
killed and civilians getting killed that
we very much wish
had not happened that's sort of where we
are now but it does look like he shook
the box in a way that will get you
closer to something like a stable
permanent situation with America than if
he had not done this now you could ask
well could he have done it in a more
gradual way yeah and they weren't to
work probably I I think that he probably
reached the point I'm talking about the
president remember he's wanted to do
this for however many years it wasn't an
impulsive decision he's been pushing
against this door for three three years
if he thought he could get the door to
budge with some other method after three
and a half years of pushing I think he
would have used the other method I have
to think that the president simply ran
out of options and he just said to
himself well here's the deal no matter
what we do people are gonna die I have a
little bit of control over who it is I
don't have control over whether or not
people die he doesn't have that kind of
power it's that's the kind of region
where people gonna die so you can get
the Americans out of the way and you can
use it as an excuse to do whatever else
you need to do over there rearrange
troops etc but he just needed to shake
the box and he shook the heck out of it
and I feel as though history is going to
be very kind to him for this there may
still be a forever complaint about maybe
there the exact way that he did it but I
don't know that there will be a
historical judgment against the
president for pulling out it does look
like this is gonna end up being the
right decision now what I say pulling
out apparently we're going to leave a
thousand troops there to help mop up any
Isis that starts to you know rear his
head here's the other thing that's
different
drones because we have such a drone
presence you don't really need people on
the ground so much as long as everybody
who's on the ground
also hates Isis so if you see some Isis
call a Russian call the Syrian call
occurred call a Turk call anybody you
know anybody call anybody except Isis
and they'll take care of it right they
all have the same interest so I feel as
though the president is on the path to
not just a win but maybe a win for the
ages like like the kind that historians
talk about forever and they say man he
took a lot of heat for that but we
really had to get out of there
and nobody else could figure out a way
to do it because there was no clean way
to do it so he did it the dirty way he
did it with people dying he made an
adult decision people died he knew it
but we had to get out of there oh no I
think history's gonna be okay with us
let's talk about the China trade deal
what trying to try the trade deal so
I've been telling you that there's no
chance of a China trade deal and the
reason that there's no chance this is
just my own opinion is that they have no
interest in the fair deal and we have no
interest in an unfair deal and that's
the only thing both of us are offering
we're offering something that's fair
they're only offering something that
isn't how do you make a deal with that
there there's no room for a deal
so decoupling I think is a guarantee but
I think it'll be a soft two decoupling
where we just do less business in the
future
as opposed to immediately pulling
everything out of China I don't think
that's gonna happen so and even the
question of whether the Chinese had
agreed to buy a bunch of our
agricultural products that's not so
clear is it I just saw an article that
says China says oh yeah we we already
bought talking about with things they've
already done we've already bought a
whole bunch of your agricultural
products in line with our domestic
demand to which I say what you bought a
bunch of agricultural products in line
with your domestic demand
that sounds like you didn't do anything
this sounds like business as usual
don't they wake up every day and buy
agricultural products in line with their
domestic demand so China has agreed as
of today yesterday they have confirmed
what the president said that there that
the Chinese and the Americans are on the
same page whatever that means
does that mean that they're on the same
page as in they're gonna make a deal cuz
I don't see it happening here's the
thing to watch for if you sum if you
hear that China has locked up their
major fentanyl dealer whose name they
know they know where he lives they know
what he does we know it 60 minutes
interviewed the guy China knows who's
sending us the fence adult that's
killing tens of thousands of people in
this country every year if you hear that
they have arrested that guy or that he's
disappeared or something then you could
imagine that we're close to a trade deal
as long as that guy's alive and and free
and sending us fentanyl there isn't any
chance of a trade deal let me say that
as clearly as possible as long as you
hear that one guy is still free ban and
still something goes fentanyl you are
not even close to a trade deal because
that happens first right they China
needs to shut that down like nothing's
ever been shut down then you can get
serious about the other stuff but that's
not really a subject of negotiation
that's more like a ticket to a
negotiation if you're dealing with
somebody who's killing your people as
you're negotiating the killing is not
part of the negotiating the killing is
what you have to do to get a ticket to
the negotiating all right so tryna has
not bought yet a ticket to the game
you're talking about who's winning the
game or what the final score is your way
out of yourself China has not purchased
a ticket to attend the game speak
of China and the game let's talk about
the dumbest guy in the NBA LeBron James
now they're probably other dumb people
in the NBA but maybe they're less
visible so I'm just gonna come right out
and say it
LeBron James might be the dumbest guy in
the NBA because of his response to the
whole tweet about China and Hong Kong
etc so the general manager some other
team said some pro Hong Kong stuff
everybody went crazy and then LeBron
James comes out with this so Darryl
Moray was the guy who started it all
with his tweet in support of Hong Kong
and here's what LeBron says quote I
don't want to get into a word or
sentence feud with daryl morey yeah you
don't want to get into a word or
sentence feud those are the worst kind
but I believe he wasn't educated on the
situation they had and he spoke he
wasn't educated on the situation to hand
what exact situation they hand are you
talking about it's a little unclear so
many people could have been harmed this
is LeBron still not just financially but
physically what emotionally spiritually
what who was being spiritually harmed by
this who was being physically harmed by
a by a tweet about Hong Kong I don't
know what LeBron was talking about so
just be careful what what we tweet and
what we say and what we do even though
yes we do have freedom of speech but
there could be a lot of negative that
comes with that too then later when he
got some pushback because it if you read
between the lines you would imagine that
he was talking about that he was talking
about the situation with China and Hong
Kong and he clarified that he was only
talking about tweeting or not tweeting
so he wasn't talking about the content
of the tweet he was talking about the
free speech and whether the talking
about the topic was bad or not
- did it sound like that's what he was
doing
so his clarification is he's only
talking about tweeting can get you in
trouble so you should think about what
you tweet that's not what he exactly
said though he says but I believe he
meaning the original tweeter Darryl
Worley wasn't educated on the situation
at hand what exactly is the situation at
hand that that LeBron thinks Darryl
Moorea was not educated on Twitter what
is LeBron saying now with his
clarification that daryl morey doesn't
know how Witter works or he doesn't know
that if he says things in public people
will hear him what exactly is it that
LeBron thinks that daryl morey needed to
go to school for to get educated hey
Darryl I'm gonna send you to school
it's called Twitter school did you know
Darryl that wouldn't you tweet other
people cause it and Darryl will be like
whoa you're blowing my mind I didn't
know that tweeting is something other
people say because you see as LeBron has
educated us daryl morey had not been
educated about the situation at hand
which LeBron has defined later as
tweeting in public so let's educate
Daryl Daryl Morey with some things that
he should know about Twitter Darryl
Twitter's in public did you know that
because LeBron thinks that you are not
educated on how tweeting works
LeBron thinks you don't know that when
you tweet other people see it did you
know that maybe you should go to school
daryl morey if you think that tweeting
is just something that you see because
LeBron is educating you right now he's
telling you other people say it and this
may be surprising - this is something
Darryl boring needs to go get educated
about did you know Darryl and this may
shock you people have different opinions
on stuff did you know that and then if
you tweet number one it's public you
didn't know that and number two there
might be people with different opinions
shocking I know this
a sort of thing you don't learn unless
you go to Twitter of college and you get
educated on how Twitter works did you
know that when people disagree with you
and you say something in public there
could be this thing called pushback it's
a thing called criticism were you aware
of that because according to lebron
daryl morey was not aware that twitter
is public that when you say your opinion
people might disagree with it and that
when they disagree with it they might
push back and that there might be some
implications to your life beyond social
media if a lot of people hate you these
are a lot of things that LeBron is
educating daryl morey on because daryl
morey could not know these things on his
on his own because apparently LeBron
thinks that daryl morey has the IQ of I
don't know crustacean is there anybody
who doesn't know that Twitter is a
public vehicle and that if you say an
opinion that's unpopular it could have
some blowback
I don't know that daryl morey needed and
the education LeBron all right but I
think so
LeBron failed as hard as you can fail in
the public statements that's just about
as hard as you can fail I would say this
is hunter Biden quality right here yeah
so LeBron James is sort of the hunter
Biden of the NBA a guy who maybe just
shouldn't talk so if that helps you
LeBron James is the hunter Biden of the
NBA somebody who can talk but perhaps he
should take his own advice and not do so
much so here's the irony LeBron James
telling somebody else that they don't
understand the implications of making
statements in public and then LeBron
James makes a statement in public that
he did not understand the ramifications
of is this fun or what
LeBron James commits the crime in public
in front of the entire world
these complaining about them so while
he's complaining about it he's
committing it it's sort of like robbing
a bank while complaining about somebody
robbing banks
it would be like swearing while you're
complaining about somebody using curse
words
LeBron if you were really worried about
saying the wrong thing in public and
that it can hurt people maybe you
shouldn't talk in public because you
hurt a lot of people I mean LeBron
you were opinion about President Trump
do you think that having impact on the
NBA yeah it did
LeBron maybe you should take your own
advice all right so enough about that
did you see NBC's defense against the
Ronan Farrow allegations in the new book
so Rowan's got a new book in which he
says effectively the NBC squashed his
story about Harvey Weinstein which he
then took to someplace else that it got
published and so Ronan is alleging that
NBC was probably trying to protect
Weinstein by slow-walking the story and
you know keeping it under wraps and then
actually told Ronan to stop working and
at one point Andy and the thought is
that Weinstein maybe had some dirt on
NBC because NBC had its own Matt Lauer
problem and apparently they've paid off
a number of people they've been
settlements etc but here's what I wanted
to say about that
NBC put up a pretty good defense now I'm
not gonna pick a side here I'm just
gonna tell you that I'm always impressed
when somebody could put up a good
defense even if they're really guilty a
good defense is still worth noting
because I like to talk about what is
persuasive and what is not here was
NBC's defense they said we have a
standard that if you can't I'm roughly
gonna describe the standard I might get
the details wrong but it's something
like if you can't get some
on camera to back up your allegations
you don't have a story for NBC right and
at the time apparently Ronan could not
find somebody to put on camera with a
name and a face to make the allegations
and they had asked them to go get that
person they'd asked them to go get Rose
McGowan or somebody to be on camera
because that's their standard now that's
a pretty good defense isn't it because I
think factually they can back up the
fact that that is their standard and I
think factually they can back up the
fact that he had not met it at the time
that they told him to stop working on it
now if you ever had a boss who told you
to stop working on something that you
thought you should still work on yeah
most of you probably the most ordinary
thing in the world is that your boss
tells you to stop working on something
you still have a passion for it and you
think your boss is wrong it's like the
most common thing in the world now NBC
also defends saying that they did
numerous extensive reporting lots of
other people who had sexual me too
allegations and they list them it's a
pretty long list they go right down the
list we did this story the story the
story the stories this story so clearly
we've never backed away from a story
about a me to sexual allegation because
look at all these examples we do them
all the time
you had one story where nobody would go
on camera and that was our standard
pretty good defenses this now Ronen
pharaoh's allegations are also pretty
darn good so I'm not saying that their
defense Trump's his allegations I'm
saying it's a really good defense you
know if it's almost certainly incomplete
meaning that Ronan would certainly
respond with yeah but what about and
there may be some gaps in their story so
I'm not saying their story is true I
will say
it's a little bit credible it's a little
bit credible credible meaning that you
can't really determine if it's true or
false but it's in the category of things
that don't smell wrong
so NBC's defense doesn't smell as bad as
you think it is which doesn't mean
they're innocent I still I'm fully open
to that Ronan's Ronan's interpretation
of why they did things is accurate I
think it's a you know he does his
homework he does his research he's
credible he doesn't you know so I think
he's credible but so is the defense it's
an interesting story so my guess is that
the truth is maybe somewhere in between
who knows maybe we'll find out someday
so Congress then Mack gates he crashed
the impeachment inquiry hearings so you
know the Republicans are not invited
it's a little closed or Democrat thing
and in which they're interviewing
witnesses to see if there's enough to
take forward an impeachment process and
of course all the Republicans are
complaining about it because it's behind
closed doors but Matt Gaetz
decides to just show up and sit down and
see if they'll kick him out now here's
now of course eventually they you know
he got to say his thing he got on camera
he got a lot of attention for it it's a
national story it's on the headlines but
of course he was asked to leave and he
did now here's my question about that
why is he the first one who thought of
that where does this sound familiar do
you remember when Rand Paul tried to
crash a budget meeting and he had the
cameras follow him around and he had a
big pile of budget documents and he was
going door-to-door it was pretty good
got it got attention made his put him in
the put him in the spotlight do you
remember when a OSI I forget the exact
situation but a OSI went to crash maybe
it was mitch mcconnell's off
and I think maybe Mitch Pacala wasn't
even in the office that day but the
cameras followed a or C and she sort of
went without an appointment to try to
crash I think it was Mitch McConnell's
office and of course nothing happened
from it but she got a lot of attention
you know she got attention personally
she got attention for issue it was good
so here's this here's this free money
sitting on the table with this the Matt
gage situation so we know the play the
play is that you go crash the meeting
because the cameras will follow you you
get to have your say and you bring
attention to the fact that you should
have been in there in the first place
it's a strong play so this cash you know
this idea of doing this I'll call it an
elegantly cash is just sitting on the
table there and one by one every
politician is walking past the table
with free cash let's just say then it's
available for anybody Matt Gaetz walks
by and says I see a table full of free
cash is it anybody does this belong to
anybody seriously this is just free cash
and nobody is claiming this money
it's just cash just sitting on the table
okay
picks it up puts it in his pocket who's
the smartest person in Congress not the
people who walk past the cash it's the
person who picked it up so I say this
about the president all the time as well
that he seems to be able to see free
cash sitting on the table and so he
picks it up not not in terms of money
all the time but in terms of you know
policies and what he's doing he'll take
the free cash every time and so here's
Matt Matt gates taking the free cash
which is a really good sign for his
future if he can't take the free cash
you're not even trying
all right let's give a update on the
hypnosis - so the hypnosis COO is
instead of the old days where you fought
a where you had a coup
was military military where he had
bullets and guns and stabby things and
explosions to take over a government it
appears that the intelligence services
working with the news organizations on
the Left have created a hypnosis coup in
other words they're creating a
persuasion reality in people's minds
such that they will be able to use legal
means let's say impeachment or even the
election to take over the government
now we've always had a situation where
when people ran for office they were
trying to persuade so you could always
say that every election is sort of a
persuasion battle but what's different
is that the persuasion is happening
between elections now now it's bleeding
into the election season but it happened
on day one of the president getting in
office so now the intelligence groups
clearly are using high-end hypnosis
techniques they are literally
brainwashing the public to be okay with
them doing what they need to do within
the legal framework so that nobody goes
to jail and they can actually have a
coup and replace the president with
hypnosis what is the only defense that
the sitting president would have against
the most highly trained group of mental
manipulators the actual people who are
trained brainwashers you know between
the news media and and the intelligence
groups that are anti-trump they are
literally trained persuaders they know
how to hypnotize through repetition
through framing through what kinds of
pictures and images they show and so you
the country is now being we're in the
middle of the strongest well probably
the maybe the biggest hypnosis battle
of all time so we're in a war right now
in which one side is using the best most
powerful mechanisms of brainwashing to
get away with a coup
I used to say essentially a coup but
it's not essentially a coup it's a coup
they're just using different weapons the
weapons are using is persuasion and fake
news and all that now what's the defense
somebody asked me yesterday when I said
that what do you do about it well isn't
it the weirdest situation that they're
using these techniques against the most
powerful persuader we've ever seen
there's nobody else who could have made
a dent against this attack there's no
other president who could have survived
this long with the entire intelligence
and the and the news media majority so
solidly against him nobody else could
have gotten this far you saw that the
president has a unique talent they
accused him and his side of fake news he
owned it turned that into an attack
against the other side who can do that
who can do that really have you ever
seen that done before he's done it
several times he doesn't right in front
of him he does it by being the louder
more clever more interesting voice using
repetition I mean he has a lot of
techniques that are pretty standard
techniques but he's the best he's the
best we've ever seen in persuading
against such an offensive charge now
there's another interesting thing that's
happening the president by strange
coincidence has on his side you might
say a variety of let's say generals or
lower-level lower-level
supporters who are also unusually well
trained in persuasion wouldn't you agree
would you not agree that
the president has the supporters who
were unusually good at persuasion take a
microfiche for example check boo Sabich
for example take me for example this is
just some games take a Candace Owens for
example take a charlie Kirk for example
I could probably go on right but you can
you the president has a sort of a motley
crew of people who were unusually
skilled at this carpet carpet Duncan who
by the way I think is been allowed back
on Twitter didn't he get suspended
yesterday I didn't know the details of
that but I think he's back so you have
the entire persuasion brainwashing
mechanism of these intelligence agencies
the Brennan's the clappers the Democrats
the entire Democratic Party plus the
media all of that persuasion against
Trump and this ragtag group of people
who have sort of learned persuasion
however now of course I and some of the
people that I mentioned have in effect
trained a number of other people because
if you're if you're watching my content
if you're watching Mike Shinoda pitch
for example you're seeing you're seeing
the the mechanism you seem the method
described to you so you can see it from
other people Rush Limbaugh's another
good example
Rush Limbaugh very persuasive Sean
Hannity very persuasive Tucker Carlson
very persuasive Greg Gutfeld very
persuasive these are very persuasive
people so yeah
yeah I could go on but there uses you
know all the names so it's a very
interesting war and we're right in the
middle but yeah mark mark levin very dan
bunch you know yeah i'm seeing other
names people are saying here in the
comments and they're all correct
there there is a weird coincidence that
the Trump team has a smallish group of
unusually talented persuaders and I
think that's the only reason he's
holding on so far because one of the
things that this president does better
than any president's never done and I
think you would agree with this that so
here's a statement that I think you'll
agree with president Trump does a better
job than any president ever has of
staying connected to the the immediate
right now feelings and opinions of his
followers
you know his supporters I think he's
tatted he's he's pretty well tied in now
part of it is cuz he watches TV news so
he's watching the same thing that is
brainwashing the masses and and so he's
tuned into it all the time and I've said
before that he's seeing what other
people are doing and when when something
works it gets a lot of attention on
social media for example he often will
adopt it so you're saying the president
in this interactive continuous dance
with his supporters of of people like me
and other people will try will try an
approach will explain something a
certain way it will frame it a certain
way and when the White House likes it
they notice and it becomes one of the
things it's obvious then it becomes one
of the things that they talk about hey
we've see this social-media influencer
or this Fox News host or anybody else
Breitbart for example we saw somebody
make a good argument or they did
something persuasive let's amplify that
so I think any other president with any
other mechanism for staying connected to
the to the base I don't think they would
have survived this long I think there's
something completely unique about Trump
and the way his base interacts with him
that gives him sort of a superpower that
makes him able to withstand the hypnosis
war so that's what I'm going to call
this I'm gonna call this the hypnosis
Civil War well what's better the
hypnosis coup or the hypnosis Civil War
which of those describes what's
happening better I'll wait for your
answers because they're a little bit
backed up all right so I want to run
this by you again so that you you get
this full sense of the hypnosis ku and
how strong this is and this is a this is
a thought experiment that I tried
yesterday but it's so powerful I'm gonna
say it again
in case anybody missed it it goes like
this imagine somebody who had not been
following any politics and they didn't
they had never even heard of the Ukraine
phone call and it's a man on the street
interview person on the street interview
and you go up to him and put the
microphone in this person's face and you
say I want to get your opinion about
this yeah president Trump made a phone
call with President of the newly elected
president of Ukraine and he asked him
for some help on a matter of great
interest to the public which is we need
to know if foreign countries are going
to have influence or have influenced our
elections or a political process there's
a situation with Biden who's leading in
the polls
his son is taking a lot of money from
Ukraine and Ukraine is one of the
countries that Biden had is his
portfolio it's enough to ask questions
can you look into this for us and by the
way man on the street it's the
president's job you can't expect the
lower-level people to really work on
this project until the bosses have
talked so the bosses were talking and
it's something that we knew that the
president was interested in because he
said it publicly before and by the way
we have a treaty with with Ukraine for
exactly this kind of judicial
cooperation so person on the street who
has never watched the news and never
heard anybody else tell you what to
think what do you think of President
Trump
following up on the Biden situation what
would the person on the
we'd say let's say they didn't already
have an opinion about the president that
they were just going to retreat to their
bias they just weren't paying attention
to any politics what would they say if
you described accurately everything that
the President did with that phone call
left nothing out you just described it
would that person say my god you're
describing a traitor who sold out the
United States for personal gain I don't
think so I don't think so I think you
could only have that opinion if it's
been assigned to you by the hypnotists
in the deep state working with the media
if they had not assigned the opinion
that that was traitorous behavior I
don't think anybody would get there on
their own I don't think the facts come
anywhere close to making that case in
fact every time I hear it I have to my
head like shakes a little bit like what
is anybody seeing in that phone call
there isn't the president following one
of the top priorities of the country
completely legally and with witnesses
and then he released the the transcript
because he was so sure that nothing was
wrong with it I think that the person on
the street who is not hypnotized by the
media simply would not see anything
wrong with it
I don't it's it's a completely a
artificial hypnosis made problem if you
take the hypnosis out of it
there's nothing there all right let me
throw out the the weirdest idea of the
day are you ready do you wait until the
end so you get the weird stuff weird
stuff coming Rick Perry is apparently
going to be leaving the Department of
Energy my interpretation from the
outside is he did a good job there are a
number of things that the Department of
Energy funded and made priorities
especially in the nuclear energy field
that looked very productive so I
I thought there were some good things
happen there now who replaces it okay
ready Bill Gates just think about it
Bill Gates secretary for the Department
of Energy yeah your first impression is
whoa that can't work can't it well
here's one problem
I don't think Bill Gates is a Republican
right as far as I know he's not a
Republican but you know what else
Bill Gates is not an idiot he's also one
of the smartest people who have ever
been born like actually one of the
smartest people who have ever been born
I was watching the special about him and
you forget this little fact but I think
when he was in eighth grade he got the
highest math score and some kind of
standardized test of any high schooler
in the state in eighth grade so in
eighth grade he was already smarter than
all the seniors in his state in math and
that's just math I mean who knows what
how else how what else he knows so if
you put somebody who is completely
dedicated to objective fact into a job
Department of Energy which you shouldn't
have any political element to it
shouldn't why would there ever be a
political element to Department of
Energy if anything if there was ever if
there were ever a department there
should be just factually run its energy
right you should be able to take all of
the politics out of that and still get
to a place where everybody's happy with
it Bill Gates to do that name the second
person who could do that that's right
can't think of one name the second
person who knows as much about the
entire spectrum of you know green energy
carbon scrubbing nuclear energy and
generation four and is credible to
everybody in the United States name the
other one
you can't you can't there's nobody else
there's nobody as qualified as Bill
Gates now Bill Gates has other things to
do he's running the Gates Institute he's
building you know toilets for Africa
which is a big big deal
because they need to separate their
drinking water from their toilet
facilities which I won't get into the
details but let's just say it's a big
problem
and he's you so he's working on a lot of
stuff so I don't think he'd have the
bandwidth to be the you know for four
years of being the head of the
Department of Energy but how about for a
year how about for one year I'll bet one
year of part-time Bill Gates in the
Department of Energy would fix the whole
damn world fix the whole world I think
that that would happen because the main
thing that has to happen is to get get
your thinking right get your priorities
right and probably get rid of some
obstacles there's nobody who can see the
whole field the way he can see the field
cuz one he's so smart and two he's
looked into it you put Bill Gates there
as the head of the Department of Energy
for one year part time because he's got
his other stuff to do I believe he could
sort it out and probably what would
happen is we would end up with a more
robust and practical plan for iterating
our nuclear technology to the point
where we have a dominant American
industry where nuclear and if anybody in
another country wants to build a nuclear
plant who do they go to well you want
them to come to the United States and
say you know the plants that you're
building in the United States are the
safest cheapest best supported designs
can we work with you United States to
help us build one in our smaller country
that's where you need to be because
every time some other country builds
with your technology
you've got a little bit of sway with
them right you've got a little influence
and it's a good kind it's kind both
would be happy with that would think so
Bill Gates one year Department of Energy
sorted out and then find a permanent
permanent person to fill in do I think
that it's likely the Bill Gates would be
eager to take the job no I don't think
it's likely but let me ask you this
you're Bill Gates you seriously want to
fix the world
I mean he's working on it every day
there's no question about it he's not
running for office he's not trying to
make money he's using his money he's
trying to fix the world if you say the
Bill Gates you know I know the last
fricking thing in the world you'd want
is a job a job I know it's the last
thing you want to be the Secretary of
Energy but while it's the last thing
you'd want you see it right you see that
if you take this job for one year you
change the whole world
you see that Bill Gates because he would
write he would see it it would give him
the power the leverage the influence the
platform the voice it would give him
everything he needs to make a gigantic
impact in the future future of
civilization because this what we do
with nuclear energy is probably one of
the biggest factors that will influence
civilization for the next hundred years
I think he'd hate it and I don't know if
he could say no because it would just be
too important by comparison
let me just tell you what he's working
on Bill Gates is working on the hardest
most disgusting unsexy problem in the
world which is sanitation in Africa it's
a gigantic problem people are dying from
you know the diseases they get by their
sanitation in their fresh water mingling
and he's fixing that you watch Bill
Gates
toilets in Africa you tell me that he
wouldn't make a hard choice if he
thought the world would be better off
for it there's a man who knows how to
make a hard choice like nobody you've
ever met can make a hard choice he knows
how to make a hard choice so I just put
that out there
shut up administration if you'd like to
just shake the box and just just make
everything different bill gates one year
one year only head of the Department of
Energy you'd fix everything all right
that's my suggestion don't know how
practical it is what I'd love to see it
happen and for now let's all go have an
amazing day if I can turn this off