hey everybody this is Scott and welcome
to coffee with Scott Evans this is a
very special one with my guest
Navarro vaca and founder of Angeles
legendary investor but more importantly
lately one of the clearest thinkers in
the United States maybe the world I
refer to them all all the time is the
smartest person I know with the most
impressive talents stack but you know
it's a dangerous time and after we do
the simultaneous sip which I'm hoping
the volume me with let's do the
simultaneous sip we don't need a
preamble go oh my god so that means I I
will say given your stellar introduction
I do have to point out that Scott is a
recluse and doesn't know very many
people definitely helps if I ever meet
somebody smarter you're gonna get
demoted from smartest person I know is
so you know this coronavirus is is of
course the big story and the government
is doing a pretty good job of telling us
what to do you know wash your hands
don't sneeze on grandma don't go to
China and they're not doing a good job
of telling us how to think and I think
about it have a feel about it and that's
what you are perfect for tell us what we
should think about this coronavirus how
afraid should we be how should we frame
this for the most productive approach to
it I think essentially the coronavirus
is going to push us to do things that we
should probably already be doing as a
society firstly we do need to practice
higher and higher levels of Hygiene in
this highly interconnected world who
doesn't want to be cleaner all the time
everybody I've ever met wants to be
cleaner everybody admires people who are
cleaner than them everybody likes going
to places that are super clean everybody
when they first go to Japan has this
reaction of oh my God look how clean
they are
and it's never looking down on them it's
always looking up at them so I think as
a society it will make us more hygiene
conscious which will help us just reduce
spreads of the common cold and the basic
flu so I think in that sense it is very
helpful secondly I think it'll move us
more towards the future faster robotics
automation telepresence VR remote work
all those things that are coming anyway
I mean let's face it most of
white-collar jobs are just LARPing right
you're just running around pretending
like you're doing work in meetings and I
think this will expose a lot of that the
actual productivity in most white-collar
jobs it's in a small creative portion
which this will emphasize and it'll
force assist order to make that solve
the collective action problem moving
through those tools and I think it'll
also cause us to do basic preparedness
for viruses and bacteria that we need as
a society because synthetic biology
technology is getting easier and easier
and spreading more and more so it's only
a matter of time before we see
engineered viruses and bio weapons and
so as a society if we're better prepared
for that it's good this good sorry yeah
I saw your tweet in which you refer to
it as essentially a series of wars that
we the the big creatures of Earth the
humans are gonna have with the small
creatures the you know the viruses this
is this has always been true if you look
at humans we've been the apex predators
on planet Earth for a long time ever
since we discovered fire or tools we've
basically taken over and killed
everything else right as soon as humans
invented Spears axes and fire that was
it we won and every other species got
driven into extinction or domestication
to the point now where the lowest
ranking human outranks the highest
ranking animal like the top you know dog
in the world is lower status than the
lowest human you would put that animal
down if it attack that human so we've
conclusively won against all the big
things so our remaining natural
predators and actually they're not quite
predators they consider us their habitat
our bacteria and viruses and that's a
very broad generalization it's like
saying plants and mushrooms or fungi so
obviously they're good bacteria and even
good viruses that we use their symbiotic
but for every symbol in the in the
animal kingdom there's six parasites or
so that's the rough ratio that I've
heard so bacteria and viruses are our
last major remaining enemies with one
exception mosquitoes mosquitoes who are
and mosquitoes are actually caused
damage to us by carrying bacteria and
viruses
with pathogens they're just flying
needles right is the way to think about
them though bacterial viruses compete
with us and there's this hypothesis
called the Red Queen hypothesis it's
named after Alice in Wonderland where
the Red Queen in her guards are running
really fast but they're all kind of
running in place against each other
because the ground keeps moving so the
idea there is that bacteria and viruses
evolve to compete with us and infest us
and we evolved in such a way to get away
from them and so we use sexual selection
which is Scott Adams goes and find
Christina bashyam and this goes through
a long selection cycle and then your
genes mixed with her genes and then your
children which I hope you will have you
know can use whichever genes are best
adapted to this environment to resist
the next generation of viruses and
viruses are mutating they're not
intelligently selecting other viruses to
mate with they're not sexual they're
asexual but they're just replicating
mindlessly and mutating so they're much
less likely to pick the right gene but
they're so short-lived that they're
getting many many many more mutations
and if you look at the amount of genetic
variation that a bacterial virus would
get over 20 years it's roughly similar
to what a human will get over 20 years
but a human will do it by wandering
around their entire life and find the
proper mate to mix their genes with the
bacterial virus will do it just by
massive amounts of replication so there
has always been this race going on this
red queen style race between bacteria
and viruses and us and we fight through
genetic selection and and and mate
selection and they fight through
mutation and now because of the huge
interconnectedness we have humans living
in urban environments traveling around
airplanes you know shaking hands and
doing a lot of business with each other
we're spreading these bacteria bacteria
and viruses much faster we also have a
much larger population so now you have
seven or eight million hosts within
which the bacteria can mutate as opposed
to just a few hundred thousand hosts a
hundred thousand years ago so we need to
use technology to combat that to offset
that and we're going to use things like
vaccines therapeutics hand-washing
hygiene antibiotics social distancing
etc etc to resist that so that's kind of
my general thesis what do you think is
reasonable life
seen a few people hypothesize that
because of how we're changing our
lifestyles to protect ourselves from all
this stuff that we might actually end up
saving lives even if the the coronavirus
is pretty bad we could end up ahead is
that possible
yeah there's some data around that out
of Hong Kong that's showing that social
distancing is working Hong Kong was hit
very badly by SARS and so they reacted
very quickly and vocally to what just
happened in China and basically people
just stayed indoors and forget about
what the government orders what the
government doesn't I think the
government's ability to actually do
things is very limited in these cases
and people have to save themselves in a
decentralized manner and people in Hong
Kong just stayed indoors and wore masks
and they wash their hands and they kept
their distance from each other and you
can see in the data that not only the
corona virus stops spreading or get
contained but everything went down so
the influenza went down and common colds
went down and other viruses went down so
it works I mean viruses have very
specific methods in how they spread and
a human being is a much smarter entity
than any given virus so if each one of
us is taking care of ourselves the
problem takes care of itself
so let's not know some of the news you
know it's tough to peer into this fog of
war and and know what's true so China is
saying that they've got a at least maybe
they've turned the corner and the new
cases are less than than they had been
do you think that's real do you think
China has given us the straight scoop I
mean they acted pretty aggressively
could be actually I do believe them and
it's not that I believe them because I
think the government there is a paragon
of transparency and virtue I think it's
because they don't gain much by lying if
they if they lie and if the thing's not
under control and everybody starts going
back to business as usual people don't
start dropping that again and that's
going to be a disaster for them
economically of course but they have
lied up till now pretty much everybody
is press it when they thought that it
was just a rumor mongering they are
there I'm also China is more
decentralized and I think people give it
credit for a lot of what goes on at the
local level you know it takes time to
filter up to the big boss's level it's a
very large country
it's not a it's not a single unified
monolith so I think they were definitely
not the most competent in their initial
handling of it but I don't think that
they're overtly explicitly lying I think
the bigger danger with China is that as
they return to business as usual it
starts spreading again but there are
countervailing factors like it's gonna
get warmer and people on average are
just gonna be a lot more careful even if
they say go back to work to everybody
tomorrow they're all gonna be wearing
masks still they're all gonna be washing
their hands all the time they're not
gonna be hugging each other with in
close quarters of each other and my
guess is that public events and buffets
and church attendings and so on will
still suffer from low attendance and the
cruise the cruise ship industry is dead
never to return
unfortunately I think you're right about
that I had a plumber come over yesterday
and I tried for the first time the non
handshake greeting oh yeah you put out
his hand and I did that you know
coronavirus sorry you know nothing
personal sort of testing it out to see
does it work socially and there was a
little bit awkward but not enough that
I'm not gonna do it again so well the
easiest the easiest way to handle that
one is this is something I've been doing
for months now which is I just tell
people I'm just getting over a cold and
they just back off so it's basically
it's not you that excuse would never
work better than today exactly so that
would be my advice to keep a little
chest tightness here exactly
now there was an article I just read
about the cruise ship which for all the
wrong reasons it turned out to be the
best laboratory because you had people
in a closed setting you could really
know who these people are and then you
could look at the result and one of them
one of the outcomes of that is that
nobody under 70 has died and of over 700
people infected on that ship so that's
impressive but also they did not get
care that quickly they were not
identified that quickly so if you if you
assume that only the older people were
even affected and now that we know
that's where the real risk is we could
really put a you know sort of a wall
around our
our oldsters isn't it possible that even
if this virus is ten times more viral
that because the people dying from it
can be easily identified and walled off
is it there leave some hope that now
that we're no longer caught off-guard we
could drive down the death rate to
ordinary flu levels which is plenty bad
but yeah I don't think it goes down to
levels this thing is much worse than the
ordinary flu for one thing it's far more
virulent you know the r0 the spread
factor is multiples of what is the flu
the flu is like a 1.28 but but that's
that's that's what the the virus itself
can do but if you factor in our response
to it sure we would effectively lower it
that's true I think we can effectively
lower it but I think it's gonna require
a level of self quarantine and hygiene
that the American population is
currently not engaged in at least in San
Francisco and 99% is business as usual
and if it's gonna spread anywhere since
San Francisco because you're a cold
urban environment that's directly
interconnected to Asia so I just I walk
around the street nobody's wearing masks
everyone's still going to events and
gatherings people are still shaking
hands and high-fiving so we do not have
anywhere near the level of self control
that I think will be required to
actually report lower the spread factor
secondly this thing does kill people in
their 20s and 30s and 40s it's just
statistically a lot less likely but it
has a high comorbidity rate so if you
have an existing condition which could
actually just be a flu or cold it can go
haywire on you so 20-somethings and
30-somethings have died from this it's
just in the under 10 category that we've
hardly seen anything the children seem
to be very immune to it well what's
interesting about the cruise ship is
that there were enough people that we
should have seen 30 year olds dying if
if people who had good modern care were
going to die and none of them did yeah
yeah the counter-argument is also who
has good modern care because the current
ICU system the intensive care unit
system is built on an assumption of a
very small number of beds being need at
any given time so
if this thing really does land 20% of
people in the intensive care unit like
some estimates say then it'll easily
overwhelm the hospital system and you'll
end up with higher morbidity rates so a
lot a lot of it is about spreading it
out spreading out the illness like if we
just all take care of ourselves and
summer arrives then hopefully the sick
and the sick don't arrive all the
hospital all at once but there's already
evidence that that's happening in South
Korea the hospital and South Korea is
extremely well run in manage in this
regard so III don't think we're out of
the woods here I think we're actually
just entering the time period in the
u.s. where we're going to have to take
some measures maybe not as extreme as
China but we're gonna have to start
doing social distancing to protect
ourselves and I'm hoping that the warm
weather will save us frankly because
nobody knows with this particular virus
and the flu dust spread and warmer
weathers but in general the warmer the
climate the more humid the climate the
lower the spread factor because these
are airborne viruses that like cool and
dry and don't like hot humid now here's
an interesting maybe just completely
coincidental and you can help me sort
this out the places with the biggest
problems coincidentally have the worst
air pollution so even people don't
realize but Italy has the worst air
pollution in Europe South Korea is a
mess and here's the weird part
cruise ships I just read an article that
said the air on the deck of a cruise
ship not even not even below deck and on
the deck of the cruise ship the air
quality was worse than tera
mmm now so I've asked ask people could
that be a correlation and there are
actually a number of different ways that
it could be one is that it decreases the
sunshines and there's a vitamin D
hypothesis that you know if you're low
you're more susceptible one is that the
pollution just lowers your resistance in
general even what my my own hypothesis
is that maybe the the virus actually
becomes more easily airborne
if a hitch is arrived mmm-hmm early
that's a real thing a virus can hitch a
ride on dust so
and then yeah but you have the other
correlations are heavy smoking areas and
identity I think high density is
actually the Occam's razor one Asian
cities are much higher density than
Western cities even in Italy broke out
in the Turin marathon at first you no
qualms you have huge amounts of
travelers and pilgrimages coming in and
then sitting in like large gatherings so
I think just high density of people is
the most obvious thing if there's a
large group of people gathering indoors
that's the perfect spot for a virus if
you have a small number of people spread
out on a tropical beach that virus is
not going to get a foothold so I think
there's some common sense that we're
just evolved as humans to realize this
here's a very simple way to think about
how embedded this is in human society
and culture cold tend to occur during
cold weather and the people in cultures
where they have a lot of cold weather
tend to have cold behavior and cold
attitudes why do we use that word cold
to remember to an illness to remember to
refer to to refer to an illness to refer
to a weather and we use to refer to a
set of behavior patterns cultural
behavior patterns we use the same word
for all three things that right there
should clue you in on where these things
replicate and this is knowledge that's
embedded in the English language and
goes back thousands of years if you look
at the so called cold cultures like
northern European cultures and Eastern
European cultures they're not
bear-hugging you you know they're not
singing and chanting and holding hands
together they're generally sitting far
apart they're you know very suspicious
of each other you know they're not
engaging in large gatherings and they're
generally and when it can and these
cultures also have long traditions or
for example sauna use and hot springs
because they're trying to induce
artificial fevers in their body they
also tend to a favor
you know this into worship being in the
outdoors and being in nature if you go
into kind of warmer weather cultures
like for example India the ones that are
involved in hot and humid environments
what they have to worry about are
waterborne diseases so they're
constantly boiling their water or
there's
their food because they're trying to
kill the waterborne diseases
we're in cold-weather cultures you're
trying to fight airborne diseases so I
think you just need to have a cold
personality and go to a warm climate if
you want to avoid colds well I'm looking
at the big implications because it seems
to me that we have a pretty good formula
for how to keep grandma safe you know
grandma you know don't talk to anybody
who's been to the concert let's take you
out to the country you know he'd just
keep you away from people from little
kids well we don't know right now for
little kids or spreaders or not little
kids do get it they tend not to get
really sick from it
the question is how much of are all
shedding and spreading do they do if
they do do a lot then the obvious vector
would be that it spreads in schools the
kids are largely asymptomatic or unhurt
they bring it home grandma's living at
the house and she gets sick so that is a
vector that we have to test if I had to
predict I would say schools will shut
maybe for a month whatever the right
amount I don't think there is any chance
it won't happen in this country do you
don't don't you think schools are gonna
shop for maybe a month I think schools
have to shut and I think large public
gatherings have to be canceled and I
think large public gatherings are going
to be canceled not because the people
organizing them want to cancel them
there's too much money at stake for
example at South by Southwest and the
Olympics it's just that nobody's gonna
show up
people are gonna clue in all it's gonna
take is a few people dropping dead and
everybody will run for the hills the
harder part is school cancellation
because schools or schools aren't really
about education let's face it schools
are an extended form of daycare and
socialization so if you cancel schools
then you have a daycare problem for
adults you know well I'm gonna be the
the voice of optimism on this because I
think the country needs to to hear that
you know we're capable and we're strong
if this were just one person who had a
daycare problem that's it that's the
problem right but if the whole world has
a daycare problem yeah well I'll watch
your kids yeah yeah it takes a village
to raise a child they've been in
collective child a child watching then
it gets pretty easy right so we have a
whole host of problems
they would be caused by this that I
believe are probably relatively solvable
let me talk about another one just to
finish that off I think this is a huge
boon for the homeschooling movement this
is a moment yeah I mean it could change
civilization quite permanently and in
forever and maybe for a good I've said
for a long time that we're homeschooling
is going is virtual reality yeah I've
got my little virtual reality set over
here you spend five minutes in that and
then you say to yourself okay would I
rather learn history by reading a book
or would I rather stand in the middle of
Napoleon's battles right there's just a
question of absolutes all going so
businesses now one of the big fears is
that the economy will get crushed
worldwide big depression etc and I'm a
optimist on this obviously there'll be a
big disruption so there's no question
about that but how bad it becomes I'm
going I'm gonna add this context and I
could do this because I'm the creator of
Dilbert you could take 20% of any work
force and remove them from reality and
nothing would happen I think it's more
than 20 but yeah ya know what happened
and the reason I know that is not not
just experienced but it's called summer
right it's called Christmas you know you
know we we routinely have 20% of people
also see this when my people go on
strikes or there's a government shutdown
you're like yeah what I worked for the
phone company the local phone company I
was a salaried employee and when the non
salary people who went on strike which
happened a few times we so-called
managers or salary people would have to
fill in so there's a very small number
of salaried people compared to all the
the Union people didn't make it a
difference
you know twenty percent of us did the
job of 80 we just didn't do the big
projects of the long-term stuff put that
on hold for a month it was fine and it
by the creative destruction argument
we're gonna go through a shift and the
new industries that we shift to are
actually going to be better for the
economy longer term so you know going to
remote work man to be more efficient you
may be able to hold more jobs as a
remote worker
because you just get the job done
instead of having to do FaceTime at the
office even there was some concern that
uber and lyft would take a big hit
because who wants to get in a car with a
stranger but it turns out that may be
better than getting in the subway or a
bus
so people switch away into other models
of doing things I think people are
fundamentally creative and innovative
and consumptive and they don't stop
doing that they just change how they do
it and what they do it around like this
is gonna be a huge boon for Netflix and
slack and companies like that which rely
on people staying indoors zoom is gonna
do great here we are on Zoom I was
thinking this morning how I could invest
to make money on this and and I had to
talk myself out of thinking about that
I've already and I've invested in that
by living in the Bay Area and by kind of
being in tech tech companies in various
ways so also your viewership should go
up that's something you could track yeah
maybe maybe we induce a panic and then
everybody comes to our Twitter in person
I never mind I call that market you're
kidding do you think and I know that
there's no way to know this but just
based on your your broad understanding
of the world do you think there's a
genetic element to who's susceptible to
the coronavirus doesn't doesn't have
ethnic no no there probably is but I
think there's probably so it binds to
this thing in the lungs called the ACE 2
receptors which is overexpressed in
patients and males on the other hand
does seem to be killing Iranians and
Italians and so on as well so I don't
think that that's gonna necessarily mean
that it's focused in one part of the
population but definitely people who
evolved or grew up or came through
generations of people who live next to
animals have hired one have higher
resistance to diseases like flu and
smallpox than people who didn't and you
can see the clear evidence of that and
when the conquistadors first got to
South America or the colonizers got to
North America you know they basically
almost accidentally killed all the
native populations
maybe deliberately maybe accidentally
but by spreading flu and smallpox but
those are flus and diseases that they
themselves are immune
- because they and their ancestors have
been exposed to them because they had
grown up in cold climates where you
bring the animals indoors during the
winter and so you grow up next to
animals and all the animal born diseases
as opposed to Native Americans who are
running around outdoors and didn't have
this concept of living indoors with
cattle or domesticated animals so there
there's definitely a genetic component
to it and there's a historical component
to it but we're not gonna be able to
suss that out without massively genome
sequencing everybody in drawing
large-scale patterns I'm almost
wondering if you could just take the
cruise ship or you know some group like
that and just sequence them and sheep we
could probably start doing it we could
probably start sequencing all the
patients and then seeing what level they
end up at and then using that to figure
out who to put in the front lines of
health care or not this is an idea
floated by Balaji shouldn't've awesome
recently mutual friend of ours who's
really declared what everybody calls
World War V the world war virus World
War five it's pretty clever and is going
full-scale on this thing but he
basically made that point which is you
should we should be doing the sequencing
and testing to figuring out which
healthcare worker should be front of the
line and which ones should be back in
the line I saw an article the other day
that the Neanderthal gene you know or
however much DNA we got from them might
might have something to do with your
susceptible to susceptibility to some
you know common common colds and viruses
and stuff so it's gonna be something
like that whether it's yeah I don't know
if you ever see this thing on the and
earth all gene I'm always suspicious of
those kinds of correlations they're too
neat right like they make for good
headlines you know I'm sure there's a
baboon gene and there's a squirrel gene
and you somewhere right now have you
have you done your 23andme or something
like that to see if you have any I've
got a little bit I didn't do it for two
reasons one is those things are
incredibly non-actionable like I don't
actually tell you what make it any
different sort of like don't marry
somebody else who's missing the exact
same gene and that's very unlikely in my
case I'm not going to change my spouse
based on that and the second reason I
didn't do those is because the privacy
around them right
very suspect they will use that to
arrest your second cousin who turns out
was a serial killer or was near a murder
scene or what have you so I just don't
want my kids I don't want to get
sequence and send out my kids genes in
the process what what kind of criminals
are you raising there find out hopefully
smart ones yeah you know I think the
whole privacy boat has left a long time
ago I mean I just you're correct and in
that physical privacy is gone there are
cameras everywhere and surely eventually
there would be gene surveillance and
that works everywhere so I think
physical privacy is dead but I think
digital privacy will be alive and well
through encryption it'll be a very
different kind of underground process
well not for you and me but you know for
pseudonymous internet trolls privacy
still around that's right you know for
for you and I we have this weird future
feeling where we know what it's like to
not have privacy the way that regular
people who don't you know operate in the
public already have and for me I don't
know do you ever have any your you
roughly have a similar situation to me
which is people will recognize you
especially in the Bay Area is it ever a
problem it's inconvenient at times but I
brought it on myself so it's not it's
not really a problem
I mean Fame Minor Fame being like a
b-list source c-list celebrity has some
slight advantages but it also has
significant disadvantages like you know
it's hard for me to travel to a lawless
country anonymously so there are there
parts of the world where I just won't go
to anymore overall I would say for me
the harms outweigh the benefits but I
might just be saying that like if you
took my fame away tomorrow I might be
screaming for it back it's very hard to
say I don't think I don't think I'm
self-aware enough to know oh yeah I
would say there's more good than bad you
know the good is it makes me feel good
every once awhile somebody approaches me
in the grocery store and I'm usually
happy to see them so yeah I think I
would rather be rich and anonymous than
poor and famous but a lot of times rich
and famous go together or anonymous go
together so if I had to choose between
those two
yeah of course I'll take rich and famous
silver important animus all day long so
let me let me ask you this is sort of a
psychological question has to do with
the coronavirus are you doing anything
to prepare because I think I think
people want to feel that they're doing
something and actually doing this doing
this what we're doing right now is part
of what I felt I could do like I feel
like I want to help yeah I'm doing
something for things for myself to stay
healthy etcetera are you doing it yeah
look I'm an obsessive slightly paranoid
a heavily paranoid person by Nature so
I'm definitely washing my hands to
litter dryers and raw there's a hand
sanitizer everywhere in the house we
even have ingredients to make our own we
do have food stockpiles for a couple of
weeks I have masks I have gloves I have
all that stuff sleep and exercise
because those are bright yeah I've
already had a pretty good sleep exercise
regimen it's kind of late to change that
I'm probably taking a lot more vitamin C
and a vitamin D than I used to
I'm not going to the gym I'm working out
outdoors I'm not going to large public
gatherings I'm working remotely whenever
possible if there is an uncontrolled
outbreak in the Bay Area in other words
if we know that community spread is
happening in there thousands of cases
and I give that actually a pretty
reasonable chance because we just
haven't been testing then we will go
into quarantine style lockdown like my
friends in China we're doing where we
just stay in the house we go out only to
get food we spray it down with alcohol
you know the boxes before we bring you
in and we're just very careful about who
we let in and out of the house I am
actually particularly susceptible to
getting colds because I'm involved for
an equatorial climate and whenever I'm
living in the Bay Area which is a lot of
fog in those sunshine I'm always getting
colds and respiratory illnesses I'm less
worried for my wife and who's younger
and not of indian-origin
and my kids were just young and not as
affected by coronavirus I'm very worried
for my mom so I basically locked her
down her house and I'm sending her
deliveries from Amazon but I'm on the
more paranoid side and have more
flexibility than most people but I do
think that it's it's worth just watching
the stats and
it looks like there's an uncontrolled
outbreak in your area then you want to
be ahead of that game and not behind I
do think having two weeks of food and
probably not if I don't need water but
food toilet paper kind of all the
necessities prescription medicines
that's just common sense despite what
they say you should have a mask
you should just it's that you need to
know how to use it so going YouTube and
watch the videos on how to use the mask
it's it's a little disingenuous to say
you don't need a mask master useless and
then saying please save mask for the
health care workers like both of those
things cannot be true thank you for
saying that but are you doing this on
Twitter for yeah week and if nothing you
wear a mask to protect others in case
you have it so like I would feel more
comfortable in a social gathering if
everybody else is wearing masks and so I
would do my part by wearing a mask and
you see this in places like China and
Hong Kong where they will not let you
enter a store if you're not wearing a
mask because you're not doing your bit
to protect others so I think all of
those kinds of measures it's smart to
start doing that and also it takes time
to learn how to do these things these
are not like you flip a switch in the
next day you certainly know everything
about hygiene and protection and
distancing and so on so I'm viewing this
as a dry run I'm getting my family
prepared and ready and frankly it's
something to do with your time right and
then if the if it actually arrives then
we're ready for it I've been taking
daily walks in the sunshine I definitely
do that do you know do 45 minutes or an
hour and and I'm doing lighter exercise
because if I if I wear myself out then
I'm actually more susceptible so and I
find that when I do my walk it's such a
small small thing I can do to you know
make a very small difference in my
protection but I'm doing something so
psychologically I'm now part of the
solution instead of a victim and it's a
whole different mindset and I feel like
yeah bring it on I you know coronavirus
or not I'm gonna be ready gonna be as
strong as possible
if it happens it happens I'm ready yeah
I don't think vitamin D supplementation
will make up for actual sunlight falling
on your skin so getting Sun is really
good and that's where I'm hoping
the curve will naturally Bend as warmer
weather arrives and when that happens
people are more outdoors they're less
likely to be in endure gatherings the
Sun itself kills viruses your vitamin D
levels your immune system stronger all
those things play in our favor but what
that concerns me is that a vaccine is
still at least 12 to 18 months away
possibly a longer time because we've
never successfully developed a vaccine
for any of the existing six other corona
viruses so because a vaccine is pretty
far away we're gonna have at least one
more wave and the second wave will start
building let's say around let's say
weather is a factor and that helps
suppress it then the second wave starts
building in October November
instead of January February and it
starts with infected base of hundreds of
thousands of people instead of a few
dozen people in the middle of ohan so
the second wave could be a lot larger
and in past pandemics that's usually
turned out to be the case this time at
least we have the advantage that our
response will be faster I responsibly
faster and there already be some people
in the environment who have limited
immunity from previous or similar
infections in fact one of the pieces of
potential good news here is that usually
these viruses hit kids pretty hard but
in this case they're not at all and so
why is that and the current best
hypothesis is that about a quarter of
the common colds cost today are actually
caused by four circulating corona
viruses that also got released and are
endemic in the population but those four
corona viruses don't hurt you anywhere
near the same level they just cause
symptoms of common cold and so the
theory goes that kids have been getting
these at school and so that they already
have some natural immunity built up to
this one and if that turns out to be
true that means you could use data and
dead virus from those four viruses to
help build a vaccine that would be good
news that would be well I think that the
supply lines will stay open because we
could lose a lot of workers and we're
gonna you know once you reach that
crossover line where the risk of the flu
is is not as high as the risk of a you
know a global economic
down and I think you get that you get to
that point really quickly because of
economic meltdown it's gonna kill far
more people then the panic could be
worse than disease for sure I mean like
even if you go to a worst-case wuhan
style scenario for the whole world right
let's say we let's say what happened in
one happens to the entire planet right
okay so unfortunately you know a lot of
people die but it's still not enough to
like seriously impact like everybody
it's like you know 98 99 percent of
people are still mostly fine even the
people who end up hospitalized or don't
get hospital care some of them get very
sick in Britain and die but the
productive capacity the economy doesn't
really go down it just have to shift
into an indoor remote work kind of
economy until we build up enough
immunity and vaccines you're probably
not gonna riots in the streets because
there's a killer virus you don't want to
gather in the streets right it's kind of
the opposite of a zombie apocalypse
right or in that sense it is like a
zombie apocalypse everybody runs and
hides except the zombies or not 98
percent out there it's like 0.1% and
they're dropping dead they're not like
coming out to eat you so I don't I don't
see those kinds of worst-case scenarios
outside of panics and the panic is
probably not a physical panic it's more
of an economic panic so this is this is
exactly why I wanted to talk to you
because you know there are some people
who think were in bad shape and the
panic itself can be can be worse but if
I had to bet my own personal money on it
I would say it's gonna be painful and
we're gonna be okay yeah I think it
could be somewhere between relatively
painless to very painful but I think
we're fine long term regardless I think
a year and a half from now it's a blip
and even stock markets are very
forward-looking instruments you know
stock markets discounted what's going on
what's gonna happen next thirty years
and discount back so I think the stock
market will also be fine in fact it's
mostly already recovered or at least
partially recovered well I think that's
a perfect place to stop this
conversation and I hope that was useful
to anybody watching this and thank you
for thank you spending with
absolutely hope this was useful as fun
thanks guy