pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom come
on hey everybody come on in gather round
it's Saturday unless you're watching
this on replay in which case it's
another day of the week or maybe
Saturday statistically speaking it's all
possible you know what else is possible
it's possible that you are going to
enjoy the simultaneous sip is it the
best sip of the day or just the best sip
in all of human history we don't know
but what we do know is that when you
enjoy the simultaneous sip you're having
a good time so it's a perfect way to
start a day join me for the simultaneous
sip oh that's good stuff so have you
seen the update on the the gentleman and
I use that term loosely who grabbed the
hat off of a teenager kid was wearing a
mega hat and somebody in a burger place
grabbed it off his head and threw drink
in his face and there was a really good
phone picture of the guy doing it and I
said to myself at that moment there's a
guy who's gonna get arrested and fired
and have a real trouble getting a job
for the rest of his life and what
happened he was arrested and he was
fired from his job and he's going to
have a real problem getting a new job
now when you first saw that film did you
say to yourself my god the Revolution is
right around the corner because people
like this can do things like that then
the next thing you know is somebody else
is going to try it and the next thing
you know one thing will lead to another
and pushing and pulling and revolution
when I saw it here's what I saw well
there's a guy who's not going to do that
again
and if anybody watched it they're not
going to do anything to anybody in
public either because if you do
something like that you really can't
work after that sort of ever you the the
person who threw a drink in a kid's face
while that probably seemed like just a
spur-of-the-moment you know the thing in
his life and he was like I I told my
friends you should see what I did in
that burger joint I grabbed his hat
I threw the drink in his face but the
guy who threw the drink his life just
took a really bad turn and it might take
a while for it to turn back if it ever
does so here's what I think I think that
our system has a really good set of
controls and the fact that we have
cameras everywhere is a really big part
of that and the fact that we can
essentially solve every crime now if we
want to so I think the odds of civil war
are still a lot closer to zero than then
and the other number and you can thank
the system for that now let's talk about
a prediction that I made Oh a long time
ago this is an old old book what year
did this come out 97 maybe something
like that just looking at the date 97 so
in 1997 I made a bunch of humorous slash
semi-serious predictions and one of
those predictions was as follows I
predicted and remember this is 1997 I
predicted that the media the press would
start killing celebrities to generate
news
think about it now when you saw the the
spate of suicides so you saw first we
have three doorknob suicides of famous
people right there was Robin Williams
hung himself on a doorknob
I think case Kate Spade did and then
Anthony Bourdain would the second to
have hung themselves on the doorknob if
the press had not reported on the first
one maybe probably not so could you say
that the press killed at least two two
celebrities
well not for sure Kia say that with any
certainty but watch watch the news and
correct me if I'm wrong the news first
of all is ruining one career after
another now of course it has the help of
the political sides or feeding and
information but isn't it true that the
press is ruining one life after another
to generate news because there are lots
of things that they could just ignore
you know somebody said some dumbass
thing okay
is that news no it's only news if they
decide it's news if they don't report it
it's just one of these 7 billion people
on earth who sent a dumbass thing how
often do people say dumbass things
pretty much consistently all the time so
the press decides that they will elevate
somebody to destruction level for their
profit yeah somebody said photographers
killed princess die you could argue that
that that's the case look now if you
will at the trouble that the media is
creating for Trump supporters
does it seem to you that the the
hysteria that's drummed up would have
happened and this is this is a terribly
important question do you think that the
current level of hysteria could have
happened without the press being the
lead hysteria mongers in other words if
the press had never done anything but
but report factually and once on each
story just report it but just once would
we have anything like we have in this
country where the entire country is
being pulled apart and God knows what
could happen mmm not a chance
you know if you take take any example
let's say the president is talking about
Charlottesville and the president says
you know there are bad people on both
sides you could have reported that as my
god what does he mean so we asked him
are you saying that the that the the
Nazi guys are good people and then the
president says no I didn't mean that I
meant both sides of the statue debate
because the event was you know
essentially came off of a a pro statue
anti statue debate and I was saying that
there are good people who like statues
there good people who want them today
taken away so now had the had the news
simply reported exactly what they knew
with no speculation what they knew was
he initially said something that seemed
ambiguous to people both sides what are
you talking about then they asked him
and then he clarified with a perfectly
acceptable clarification which is no god
no I'm not talking about the Nazis being
good people nobody says that isn't that
the end of the story no the press
decides because their business model
requires it that they're going to whip
this up
and make it the best example sort of the
the kingpin of all the
you know the confirmation bias that
everything else you see that maybe you
see something that doesn't look right
you say to yourself well you know if I
saw this one thing and it was the only
thing I saw about the president
I wouldn't conclude that that was
necessarily racist but now that they've
told me that this Charlottesville thing
was racist I got a look at this other
thing in a new light now I don't know if
Charlottesville was bad maybe this other
thing isn't what I thought it was either
and pretty soon you have this cascade of
confirmation bias which is what we have
now now of course the cleverness of this
is that anybody reasonable will say all
right Scott lol they always like to
throw B the lol actually it goes more
like this a-hole Scott lol are you
saying that all those all of this
evidence from all of these different
sources are all confirmation bias that's
what you're saying lol lol Oh
scene well Dale let me explain it to you
that's exactly what I'm saying the way
confirmation bias works and confirmation
bias is literally the most common thing
in our existence that might actually be
true usually I exaggerate but it might
confirmation bias might be the greatest
driver of our entire perception of
reality you know
most things are probably inventions in
our mind at least things about politics
and yes if you are convinced that you've
seen one or two examples of a phenomenon
then yes you will imagine that those one
or two are proof of the 500 other things
that otherwise would have seen like
nothing so the normal course of events
the most normal situation is that once
you once you get primed for a
confirmation bias that
there's lots of evidence that's normal
even if it's nothing so there are two
situations in which you would have lots
of evidence for something one is if it's
true right you'd have lots of evidence
for something that's true
potentially and the other is if it's
completely untrue
both of those situations in a completely
normal sense nothing special has to
happen both of those senses both of
those situations will generate what
seems to you like lots of evidence
they're identical once you understand
that because you have lots of evidence
for a thing it actually doesn't mean
anything you don't quite understand how
your world is working all right that's
enough lament there's a North Korea
story so Mike Pompeo came back met for
the third time I guess with North Korean
people this time and this is the
important part of the story he was not
scheduled to meet with Kim jong-un he
was meeting with whatever his generals
or or his staff were to talk about the
details of denuclearization and when he
came back Pompeyo said it was productive
on a whole number of complicated areas
I believe he denied that there was an
Elton John CD in any of this so I think
the Elton John story might a CD story
might turn out to be completely fake so
put a pin on that we'll find out later
if that was real it sounded like it
might not be real from the start but it
could have been real so if it was if it
was a prank by someone who was trying to
create a rumor they did a really good
job because your perfect prank is
something that's very unusual but you're
still willing to believe it anyway right
that's a perfect prank it's a totally
unrealistic thing they just still
believed and did it seem realistic that
he would give him an Elton John CD
well it seemed weird you know in a in a
wonderful way is he weird but totally
believable so whether it turns out that
he did or he didn't
it's a good story either way if he did I
believe it and it would be funny and
probably useful if he didn't it's a
great prank so whoever was behind that
prank a plus four pranking if it was a
prank all right so how do you interpret
the fact that North Korea said that they
were disappointed and that maybe the
meeting was a mistake because Pompeo
keeps asking for complete
denuclearization without some kind of
tit-for-tat you know give us something
and we'll give you something and so the
North Koreans presented it as not that
much of a maybe more of a bad thing than
a good thing step backwards sort of
thing
Pompeyo said it was productive how do
you how do you process that well the
obvious the obvious is that at this
point in the negotiations and when I say
this point this point could at could
last a year what I'm talking about is
the point where they're talking about
the details that could last a year and
during that year there should be a whole
bunch of you know either almost walk
aways or we change our mind or somebody
suddenly adds a new demand that's just
crazy you know somebody walks away for a
few weeks before they come back
so what the the most logical explanation
is that everything is completely normal
that that there's no real story here
except that negotiations are ongoing and
of course North Korea isn't getting
exactly what they want what were the
odds that North Korea was going to get
exactly what they wanted and you know
with without giving something up well
zero what were the odds that we would
get exactly what we want without giving
something up well zero but both sides I
think understand that nobody will
by a continued continued conflict so I
think the gravity in the arc of history
is all moving in the same direction
toward a good result but you should
expect people will express their
concerns during the process so it
wouldn't make much of that there's a
story about Rudy Giuliani who is making
a demand that that the only way that
Trump will have a conversation and be
interviewed by the Muller team is if
Muller can show evidence that Trump have
committed a crime yeah that's pretty
good
hey you know and I thought to myself
that's so good why did it take so long
for them to come up with that play
that's like the best play and I thought
as soon as I heard it I thought well
that's perfect because in Giuliani has
been quite he's been forthcoming about
the fact that a big part of his job is
public public opinion so remember that
there's sort of there are sort of two
plays going on one play is and I mean
this in the sports sense that kind of a
play is the the anti-trump errors and
Muller seam who may who may or may not
be an anti-trump errs we don't know are
trying to do something legally or at
least to find out if there's something
that needs to be done legally but
there's also the political part where
the president could be impeached if if
under the rights for the set of
circumstances so Giuliani is fighting a
battle on two fronts one is the legal
battle but the other is the public
opinion because if public opinion is
deeply against impeachment it becomes
hard for Congress to do it no matter how
much they want to write they they can't
get elected if they go too far so
Giuliani is working public opinion and
the legal side at the same time
and this latest this latest play of he'd
be happy to talk to you remember what I
always tell you if you're ever in a
situation where you're being asked in
public will you will you talk to the
investigators let's say you've been
accused of something and whether you did
it or not they say will you talk to the
investigators your first answer always
always always always should be hell yeah
yeah I'll be talking to those
investigators I want to can you do can
we do it today can we do it right now
I'll do it in public I won't even have
my lawyer there that's how innocent I am
what Oh
my lawyer saying I shouldn't do that all
right that's the only way you should
ever handle this situation it's a waste
Rock handled it it's the way Trump
handled it because they have good
lawyers there is no other way to handle
this situation plan B is just freakin
stupid so you have plan a which is
brilliant you say you would love to do
it oh damn it my lawyer tells me I can't
that's that's a plus and every other
plan that's not that I fail like this is
as binary as you can get it is the way
to do this so Giuliani and Trump are
doing it the right way showing a
complete willingness to talk should
Muller present a reason that the public
the public
remember this is all for the public
should Muller present a some evidence
that the president committed some kind
of a crime he'd be happy to talk will
Muller presents some evidence of that
well probably you know even if he had
evidence of something I'm guessing that
the the way the process works you know
none of us are experts on on the law at
least most of us aren't some of you
might be but it might be that this
request is completely unreasonable
meaning from a technically legal and
understanding how the system works and
everything it might be an unreasonable
request
because it could be that I'm no expert
on the law but it could be that this is
a normal procedure to talk to somebody
even who has not been accused of a
specific crime or at least there's no
evidence of the specific crime because
talking to that person is essential to
finding out if there is a crime right
that might be one of the big the big
thing that creates some paths of other
people to talk to and some some leads to
follow up on so I don't know what the
real process should look like in a
normal situation but the public when the
public hears this yeah I'd be happy to
talk to you absolutely just show me some
evidence there's a reason BAM from the
public opinion perspective it's solid
gold it's it's one of the most solid
legal things I've ever seen in terms of
as soon as you hear it you say to
yourself why did that even why did that
take so long what wasn't that strategy
there before and it could be that they
had to wait long enough that even the
public was giving up on them finding
anything so at this point even the anti
chompers are thinking let's just sort of
get this behind us because it didn't
work out the way we were hoping you know
let's you know we're onto another
manufactured problem so as long as the
public thinks that it's a reasonable
proposition and it sounds totally
reasonable by the way what could be more
reasonable then yeah I'll talk to them
I'll talk to the legal authorities or
the prosecutors or anybody in the legal
context am i accused of something
something specific if I'm not why in the
hell would I go into a perjury trap
perjury trap meaning a conversation in
which you might perjure yourself and
create a new crime even if there was no
underlying crime
you know you're creating a crime amount
of no crime by going into the interview
so even if they could come up with a
theory of a crime yeah so right now I
didn't know enough about the law to know
if what you just said is brilliant or or
not but sounded pretty good to me so
yeah Muller hasn't has not only said
there it has not specified a specific
crime but he doesn't even have a theory
of a crime that might have been
committed you know it's not it's it's
less than even having evidence he
doesn't even have a theory of how there
could be evidence
apparently all right what else is
happening does it feel like a slow news
time have you ever noticed this if you
want to if you really want to understand
the degree to which the press is
controlling us think about this why is
it that there because if there is
consistently less news on weekends and
vacations have you noticed that there is
just less news when there are weekends
and vacations and it's because the press
is also on vacation or it's their day
off
I don't think that news stops on
weekends and stuff it feels to me like
our sense of when news happens coincides
exactly to when the press is working
yeah when the way if it's the work week
there's plenty of news and if it's the
weekend there's less of it well maybe
it's because it is the weekend and you
know the government isn't doing as much
but I got a feeling that you know the
press is essentially manufacturing the
news and has been for a long time not
all of the news of course but some the
political news is largely manufactured
based on real facts now I'm loving the
story about the
but he got approval to float a giant
baby Trump balloon over London when
Trump is visiting and then which which
is sort of hilarious and I don't hate it
at all when the other side does
something that's just funny but then
apparently there was some GoFundMe to
raise money to create a Mayor of London
a big baby baby float and it's already
got a ton of money has been already
donated so there might be there might be
competing giant baby floats and baby
Cohn yes
Sadiq Khan right I first have the name
right a baby con balloon and let me tell
you if if that's the level that you know
this goes to if we're competing based on
a giant you know the baby politician
floats like that we're in a good place
all right I saw I saw something alarming
I'd heard reports that there are some
Republicans running who are literally
Nazis or actually you know somehow
aligned with Nazi ideology and I thought
to myself literally Nazis what are you
talking about yeah that sounded like
another pressed thing but apparently
there's some California California guy
who's running for some some seat and
made it into the the final made it into
the finals
he hasn't been elected but he's actually
a Holocaust denier and and I thought
what there's a Holocaust denier running
in California of all places in
California there's a Holocaust denier
running for office and I saw the the
California Republican Party did probably
the the smartest thing I've done
scene which is they issued a joint
disavowal disavowal disavow they disavow
they disavowed jointly with some Jewish
organization so in other words instead
of the Republican Party just disavowing
their own their own candidate and I
won't call them their own candidate they
because they disavowed him but he's a
guy who calls himself a Republican
because you can you can just call
yourself whatever you want and the
Republican Party disavowed him he
disavowed they disavowed him but they
did it in a joint statement with some
Jewish protection group so that they had
it was like the perfect disavowal you
know if they had just disavowed on their
own people would say yeah you know maybe
you're just saying that but disavowing
with a group that has you know the
maximum credibility on the topic perfect
you know it may not help help the
Republicans as much as they want but if
you're gonna disavow ban that's the way
to do it that's some good disavowing
there all right so I think we've covered
it the press is trying to kill us all to
generate news not even I'm not even
exaggerating a bit well let's talk about
the tie cave so you may have seen the
story everybody's seen the story about
the soccer team's trapped in the caves
and Thailand and because of the
architecture of the caves or a mile and
a half in and some of it is completely
flooded now and it's muddy water and and
and even a professional diver has died
trying to bring them stuff and get out
so it's super dangerous and somebody
asked Elon Musk if he could help and my
my first thought was you know all right
you know Elon Musk I get it I get it
Elon Musk is very smart you know and
he's got these companies and he's an
engineer but really don't we have enough
smart people yeah
the boring company that can bore into
things but I thought to myself it's a
big world Thailand has lots of experts
the entire world is focusing on it don't
we have enough people who have ideas and
that know how to do stuff and they're
engineers and they're physicists right
don't we have enough people do we really
need a Elon Musk to do this - like is
every problem just Elon Musk's problem
and then I saw the then I saw the chain
of the tweets where somebody asked Elon
and then he started thinking about it
and the Elon Musk comes up with the
following idea that almost makes me mad
because it's so much better than
everybody else's idea he said you should
put an inflatable tube into the into the
entire length of the thing if you can
make one I don't know how long it takes
to make a big inflatable tube and then
like a like a bouncy house where you
just have a blower blow in one end and
the air pressure makes it increase what
would happen is that would create a mile
and a half long dry tube that goes
through the water so that the kids could
crawl through a dry tube and it would
stay dry and open as long as the air
blower was blowing now whether or not
there's enough pressure you know because
when it gets to the end I don't know
what happens you know would it stay
pressurize would it be strong enough
would it work for all the twists and
turns could you make it fast enough so
there are many questions about that but
here's the thing that really made me
angry as I was just saying you know why
the heck does Elon Musk have to be the
only person who can solve a problem in
the entire world you know sometimes it
seems like that and then that bastard
that bastard Elon Musk comes up with the
best idea now I don't know if this is
going to be the idea that
ends up being the one that fixes it all
but you gotta admit of the other ideas
you've heard it was the best one you
know somebody says he wasn't the first
but he might be the only one who could
actually make it happen
sounds a little jealous Scott absolutely
if you're not jealous of Elon Musk who
the hell are you jealous of if you can't
be jealous of him come on so you know I
want I wanted to think that Elon Musk
was like us yeah it's like oh he's
smarter he said he's more successful but
basically basically he's a human you're
a human I'm a human were basically
similar people and then he does that and
then I think damn it you're not like us
you're better than us
he's just he's just smarter yeah he's
just smarter he's human but he's he's
like a better version and you know not
only is he willing to work on this
problem but he had the better idea now
it's too early to say that his idea will
be practical but all of the ideas are
impractical in different ways his idea
on paper sounds great if he could make
that two
I was Christina's trip to the Trump it
was the Trump International and she said
the hotel was amazing she really enjoyed
it can we get him on your chat probably
not I you know there's some people that
I would not contact just because I have
an assumption that they got better
things to do you know there are people
who might actually respond to me if I
asked them but I think to myself yeah
that person has better things to do so I
think he's I think until he's at least
saved the tie soccer team he's
better things to do can we get the
walkaway guy maybe he'd be interesting
so Brandon Brandon is his name right the
hashtag walk away now what was
interesting about that is you probably
saw a tweet in which you the walk away
guy if you don't know what that is it is
an ex Democrat a gay man which seems to
be important in this particular story
and he is walked away and he's
encouraging other people to walk away
from the Democrats and be Republicans I
guess or at least be you know beat not
Democrats and he went to buy some camera
equipment and it was a reportedly denied
service by at least the first person he
talked to for for being recognized as as
the walk away guy now Brandon did not
mention the name of the camera store but
he said he left there shaking like you
he was actually shaking that such a
thing could happen and I totally get
that because first of all if you've
never been famous and then you suddenly
become famous it's a big transition your
whole world gets a little turned upside
down I have a little bit of experience
with that so it's disconcerting to go
from now famous to famous in a fairly
rapid way but then to be - to have a
problem like a social problem because of
it is a pretty big you know punch in the
gut and I would say inability to use a
store as a social as well as business
problem so it makes sense that he walked
away you know shaken by the experience
as he described it but well I tweeted
back i tweeted that and i said that he
may have been thinking about it
differently because the the people who
should be shaking are the owners of the
camera store and certainly that employee
so when when when he walked out
few service here's the other way to look
at the story one way is my god I'm a
victim which i think is essentially how
he felt I think he walked down to the
store a feeling like a victim and it
that played on his you know his feelings
and I suggested that the opposite had
just happened that that store had handed
him their own future he all he had to do
and by the way he didn't do this and I'm
I don't recommend that he does it all he
had to do is make a yelp review and just
describe honestly what happened and that
would be the end of that business so
while it might be that he didn't get to
buy a camera that day from that one
business because of this one employee
and apparently the rest of the store was
not on that same page you know I think
he got one employee so it wasn't the
business so much as an employee and he
took the high road and he decided not to
you know do the boycott thing not try to
put them out of business and I applaud
him for that and I certainly would you
know in in my mind his his brand went up
you know two levels by not trying to put
that little camera company out of
business I thought that was exactly the
right thing to do but my point was that
how he how he processes it and how he
feels about it could have been backwards
you know when you're in the situation
you feel the way you feel and I get that
you're right I probably would have felt
exactly the same way but after he
processes it a little bit he may come
around to thinking that he had all the
power all of the power was with him
because he had an entire nation you know
at least you know forty percent of a
nation or however many Trump supporters
or that would have put that company out
of business
he just had to ask think about that
he just had to ask you know said hey I
think this company should be on a
business
and it would be done they'd lose 40% of
the business right away
now I am anti-boycott
I say this all the time and they're
there probably are some situations where
a boycott makes sense but as a normal
course of business it's a terrible idea
it's a terrible terrible idea and it
doesn't make the world a better place so
I don't like it when people boycott my
own stuff so you know my income as most
of you know is down 30 or 40 percent to
what it what it had been before I
started talking about Trump stuff I
don't like it when it happened to me I
don't think it was fair I don't think it
was appropriate I don't think that it
helped the world in any way and so I
feel the same about doing it to anybody
else so I'm totally on brand inside
about not doing the boycott somebody
says I boycott Planned Parenthood yet
there are some situations Planned
Parenthood being at the you know on a
scale of 1 to 10 you know
abortion is a 10 on everybody's list of
big items so you know certainly there
are situations where you could argue
that you're doing the right thing but
they're rare and they should only be in
the the most extreme cases I think
Elizabeth Warren's DNA you know the
interesting thing about President Trump
making his humorous offer to pay a
million dollars to charity if Elizabeth
Warren has her DNA tested to see if she
has a Native American the DNA test won't
tell you that that which is which is the
interesting thing so she's never going
to take the DNA test because she could
actually be descended from Native
Americans and it not appear on the DNA I
didn't realize this until this is sort
of a new a new realization for me about
how DNA works I didn't get that you
could have a DNA or you could have an
actual Native American
great-great-great-great whatever
and you could still you know technically
have zero identification in your DNA and
it has to do with the fact that you
don't you don't get everything in the
same percentage from your parents you
know everybody's getting you know
they're grabbing pieces from the DNA of
a parent and they're not grabbing all
the pieces so you could end up just sort
of bite by a chance that that that part
of your DNA just got left behind does it
matter if she is or isn't a Native
American I don't think I think I'm the
list of issues it's the smallest one but
it it plays against her brand you know
if you're in the party of identity
politics and everything you talk about
is identity politics and you're accused
of stealing somebody's identity to get
more power which is what she was accused
of or something about Harvard or
something no it doesn't prove she's a
liar yeah let me let me be you know
you're not gonna like it but let me
defend Elizabeth Warren here the most
likely explanation is that she had a
parent who said yes you have made a
merit of American blood and she believed
it so that's not lying it turns out I
believed I was Native American as well
until this year when I had a DNA test so
my family story was very much influenced
by my Native American blood which I
don't have any but again I don't know if
the reason I don't have any is chance or
I actually don't have any Native
American relatives I learned during that
process that apparently it was very
common for people in my age range that
their family claimed some Native
American blood because it was kind of
cool or I know it was trendy or
something apparently that's a thing
people claiming that they have Native
American blood when they don't
and it's a big thing it's like a really
big thing that personally you know I can
vouch for because my whole family grew
up thinking we were Native American in
some substantial part not true
so did did Elizabeth Warren lie about
being Native American I would say the
odds of it being a lie in the sense that
you knew it wasn't true when you said it
anyway the odds of that being the case
probably zero probably zero yeah that
doesn't seem like a something that you
would lie about when there's a far
better explanation that she just
believed it was true
she lied for political purposes it's not
a lie if you thought it was true you get
that right
and how do any of us know what she
thought so you're making you're making a
mistake and I like to be consistent on
this I see me criticize people all the
time on Twitter for having what I call
the mind reader illusion the mind reader
illusion is that your point of view
depends entirely upon you knowing what
somebody is thinking and we imagine that
we can do that we can't do that no
nobody can read anybody's mind so if you
say oh she knew it was not true when she
said it anyway for political purposes
there is literally no evidence for that
there is no evidence that she willingly
knowingly lied none there is your
beliefs that you can imagine you know
what she's thinking and that she did it
for that reason but that's you you know
you're talking about your own flaw that
is you imagine you can read minds that's
your flaw that's not elizabeth warren
slaw what what elizabeth warren did or
did not know didn't know or do is sort
of unknowable that's exactly what we
know and you don't want to be judged by
that standard do you do you want to be
judged by the standard that you're
guilty if someone thinks they can read
your mind right it's not a standard I
want
want to apply to anyone else but I
certainly wouldn't want that being
applied to me because it is applied to
me every single day literally there's
not one day that goes by in my life
because I'm a you know public character
there's not one day that goes by in
which someone usually lots of people on
Twitter imagine they can read my mind
and then they criticize me for their own
imagination every single day numerous
times a day so it's not a standard you
should apply to other people
it isn't reasonable rational useful it
isn't anything you should just not do it
Jim Jordan so Jim Jordan as you know has
been one of the president's most
effective supporters he's good on
television he's been you know quite a
bulldog I think I think that he was
actually called the bulldog when he was
a wrestler in college or something and
there's some allegation that he knew
about some handsy behavior year many
years ago at some college wrestling
situation now again I don't have any
information about what Jim Jordan did or
did not know or did or did not do but
here's what we do know here's what we
know that in 1997 I said that the media
would start killing celebrities to
generate news
what are you watching you're watching
the media the news the press trying to
execute Jim Jordan for news that's it
that's why you're watching you're
watching the press taking one person
then at a time and execute them in front
of the public and the public half of
them are like yay you got one of theirs
and then the next person the press takes
out and it might be the different
different side of the press right you
know they're bringing out different
people for execution and then the other
side brings out somebody on your side
you're like oh wait a minute that's one
of mine
that's not entertaining that's not
entertaining I'm gonna go watch the
network that's theirs executing your
side and then you go over to your side
you go hey look what they found on that
one yeah yeah they're executing another
another citizen I'm so happy yeah so if
there's one thing I could teach you it's
that your opinions are assigned to you
your opinions are not your opinions
feels like it it feels like you have an
opinion feels like you came out of your
head feels like you looked at the
evidence
you're an open-minded reasonable guy and
you came to a conclusion based on the
evidence but that's not what's happening
the media at least in politics the press
is assigning you your opinion the press
assigns the opinion to you period do you
think that can't be proven
scientifically you'd be wrong it would
be easy to prove that the press assigns
your opinion all you'd have to do is
find somebody who had only been exposed
to the facts and not the opinions
because the news these days the news has
morphed into almost I don't know I'd say
80% opinion 20% news is that fair that
the that what used to be more like 80%
news and 20% opinion has reversed it's
mostly 80% of pinyon when you say and
even when they cover the facts they
cover them with the the opinion spin on
it
they you know leave out the context that
doesn't help their case etc so I'd say
yeah 80 85 % opinion you're talking
about normies not us
well and everybody believes that they're
the exception to the rule so we all
think I feel sorry for those poor
bastards who are so fooled by their
biased news source if only they would
read the right news they would not be so
biased and of course the other people
are looking at them and saying exactly
the same thing until you understand that
people are saying exactly the same thing
about you and it looks to them exactly
like it the same as you see of them
until you understand that you're lost in
a sort of a lower level of understanding
of your environment the press assigns
your opinion to you you don't pick it
now you do pick your general inclination
so in other words people do do largely
have more control over whether they're a
Republican or conservative or liberal or
democratic that but once you've chosen
then your your opinions are assigned to
you based on which one you've chosen and
and even your original inclinations are
probably more from your culture than
from Europe yourself have you noticed
that people tend to have the same
opinion as their parents and the place
they live what would you say is the
ratio what percentage of people would
you think adopt the politics of their
parents eventually you know let's say by
the time they're 40 how many people have
adopted essentially the same general
politics as their parents eighty percent
ninety percent so it's way more than
half yeah now there there are plenty of
stories of people who bucked you know
went the opposite way but I think it's
closer to yeah it's in the seventy five
to ninety percent range I would think I
don't know who's measured that but
if you say to yourself wait a minute if
85 or 90% of whatever it is is some high
number have the same opinion as their
parents does that mean your opinion is
your opinion is it really your opinion
in a context in which almost everybody
ends up just agreeing with whatever
their parents and their culture told
them to believe now is it is it a
coincidence that if you're born in Saudi
Arabia
you'll probably you know be Islamic it's
not really a coincidence yeah those
people didn't does everybody in the
Muslim majority country wake up and say
you know let me look at the facts let me
let me study study the science here and
I'll make up an opinion on my religious
beliefs you know I want to be objective
about this that happens to basically
nobody right there almost nobody bucks
the majority you know the majority
religion so your initial you know life
opinions are assigned to you by your
culture and your parents and your
situation and then when you're trying to
get your political opinions
you're leaning one way or the other
which is also based on culture the
culture is probably making you liberal
or conservative and then the press does
the rest but when we think that we have
independent opinions that's almost
certainly a an illusion our opinions are
assigned to us now how can you avoid
having your opinion assai assigned to
you well number one is you could reject
the religion of your parents now that's
hard because you probably think they had
the right religion right I'm not saying
it's practical now I have rejected the
religion of my parents I had an
advantage because I didn't know what my
my parents believed I still don't really
my parents I know this is hard to
believe never told the kids the three of
us
their religious beliefs and I know that
doesn't even sound real but my parents I
swear this is true would never tell us
their religious beliefs I still don't
know
now they had us we were all we were all
required to go to a Methodist Church
which was literally just down the hill
from us we could walk to it and so we
were educated as as Methodists you know
essentially generic Christians and when
I was 11 years old I tell this story a
lot when I was 11 years old I was in
Sunday school it was called where they
were indoctrinating us in the ways of
the Bible I came home from a class about
Jonah being swallowed by the the giant
whale or the giant fish I think that
it's called and he lived in the the
fishes you know belly for I don't know
how many days until he was spit back
onto the shore and he was just fine and
I heard that story and I came home and I
called a meeting with my mother
literally I said you know I've got to
talk to you and remember I'm 11 years
old and I said you know this whole you
know Bible story stuff I'm not buying it
and I'm not gonna go to Sunday school
anymore because I'm just not buying into
this and my mother to her everlasting
credit do you know what she said okay
she just said okay you tried you did it
for years you formed an opinion based on
the evidence that you collected you know
she didn't say this explicitly but I
know her well enough to know what she
was thinking in this case not a
mind-reader
but I do know my own knew my own mother
and I made it I made a case which was
sufficient for her to back in and she
was like okay case closed
case closed you have done all you needed
to do now of course I've made it a point
since then
to expose myself to all the other major
religions you know to dig in just deeply
enough that I get a sense for them
what's different what's the same what's
good what's not so I didn't close myself
off to that now in my belief in my in my
opinion if you can at least break three
break free from your parents religion
one of two things as possible you've
either rejected the one true religion
you know which is bad
that's boo or you've allowed some you
know mental freedom that would allow you
to come to something like closer to an
independent opinion now secondly i i
don't really identify with a political
group i don't vote and i do that
intentionally because i don't want to be
biased by my team so I don't have a
religious team I rejected my parents
religion whatever it was probably some
some I know some Christian sort of thing
maybe but I'm not entirely sure yes I
rejected my cultures religion and I
rejected both of the political parties
so in theory if everything we know about
team behavior and confirmation bias and
cognitive dissonance in theory I should
have a little bit more independent
thought than the average person because
of those two factors so but if you were
born into let's say a certain religion
and a certain set of politics and then
you're 40 years old and you say you know
I used my good judgment and common sense
I looked at all the options and
coincidence my parents got it right - I
got it right just the way my parents got
it right
you could be right your parents might be
the ones who got the right religion and
the right politics but you can't tell
there's no way to tell all right you've
reframed it to make yourself look
independent well the facts that I'm
telling you are the actual facts you
the fact of walking away from my
parental religion is just a fact that's
not a refrain and the fact that I'm not
Republican or Democrat and have him
identified with any of them I think at
one point it might have been registered
but I don't even know what I was
registered at years ago probably
independent but I'm not sure so those
factors would make somebody more
independent and their thinking but I
can't tell you that I'm independent and
still be consistent with everything I
know because everybody feels like they
have independent thought we all feel
like we made our own decisions I feel
like I made my own decisions you feel
like it I'm just telling you that if
you're if your decisions match your team
your credibility is lower than somebody
whose opinion doesn't match their team
let me give you an example we're just
talking about Brandon who's I forget his
last name of the hashtag walkaway
somebody who does hashtag walk away or
let's say Candace Owens for example
sometimes if you're if you've changed
teams I think that's probably a sign
that you might be using some independent
thought but not necessarily you know
there may be other factors that work
alright that's enough for now I'm going
to sign off and I hope you have a great
Saturday