but pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody come on in here come on come
on
you know I can see all of you now thanks
to the new upgrade on periscope I can
actually see all of you hey how's it
going now I can't really see you but for
a moment there you thought I could
didn't you have you ever considered that
listening to my periscopes in the
morning are like having a talkative
friend who you're in a conversation with
on FaceTime but you don't have much to
say so you just let your friend
run on for a while it feels kind of like
that doesn't it all right you know what
time it is oh yes you do
yes you do it's time for the
simultaneous it grabbed your mug your
cup your Chellis your glass your vessel
full of liquids I like coffee
you should like coffee too but if you
don't another beverage will suffice for
the simultaneous up
Jamie it's time good stuff well it's a
weird day in news it feels like the news
went from being all the Trump centric to
being nothing about Trump suddenly did
you notice that I'm looking at CNN's
homepage and I'm like where's all the
Trump stuff it's like I guess we don't
do Trump stories when everything's
working out well so the news is so good
for Trump that he's been erased from CNN
they're not even going to talk about him
this week all right so let's talk about
some other things I'm not going to say
much about the hurricane because I don't
have anything to add to a natural
disaster
I hope we're ready I hope the people in
the Panhandle I've taken all their
precautions and gotten out
if they need to but other than that
there's not much to say about it let's
talk about my pinned tweet so the tweet
I pinned is my periscope I did a
periscope yesterday afternoon if you
haven't seen it with a persuasion lesson
wrapped around explaining my app the the
interface app in which you can
immediately talk to an expert and I had
said there wouldn't it be great if every
time there's something in the news and
the headlines somebody who's an expert
in that topic could just log on to the
app in case the media wants to find an
expert so lately we've been talking
about nuclear power there's a article in
The Wall Street Journal long to talk
about in a minute been at least two
breakthroughs reported one breakthrough
some bacteria that eats might eat
nuclear waste they've actually had the
bacteria that might neutralize nuclear
waste which would be amazing
there's also a breakthrough at MIT in
reducing the heat that comes out into
the reactors which has all kinds of cost
and efficiency benefits apparently but
wouldn't you like to talk to an expert
it'd be great if somebody who is an
expert on building nuclear power plants
just logged on the app it's a free app
and then anybody in the media who was
looking for an expert could just search
for nuclear now let's uh so I the thing
that I keep saying about climate change
is that the climate change experts tend
to look at the costs of it but not the
opportunity costs you know what happens
to all the things you couldn't do
because you spend all your money on this
they also tend to leave out nuclear as
an option and if it's true that climate
change is going to just be the worst
thing ever for the world no matter how
much you hate nuclear power plants the
worst case scenario is one of the melts
down yeah maybe a couple of them melt
down over time but isn't that way less
bad depending on where you place these
sites assuming you place them
so that when they melt down if they melt
down if we're using technology that even
does melt down that it wouldn't be the
biggest deal in the world it seems to me
that's not even close how big a problem
that would be a nuclear meltdown of a
power plant especially a new one right
if you built a new plant the odds of it
melting down I think would be much lower
because of the of what we've learned but
it feels like the the risk of that would
be so much less so somebody is saying
Japan and I think that's the perfect
example of what not to do Japan put
their nuclear power plant in a place
that was at risk for a tsunami they knew
that that risk was there why don't we
not do that somebody says thorium is a
game-changer somebody other people say
fission is not that far away maybe
that's true so I'm reading this article
in The Wall Street Journal I tweeted it
you see you can see it in my Twitter
feed if you want to read up on it where
a Nobel laureate a Nobel prize-winning
laureate says the same thing I said
which is you're not really considering
the opportunity costs and if you haven't
if you haven't included them you have
not analyzed it and if you do you come
to the opposite conclusion the opposite
conclusion that's a pretty bad mistake
there you come to an opposite conclusion
so my take on climate change is that the
whether or not the problem is exactly
what the climate scientists say I'm not
really the one who can analyze that but
what I can say is that the way we debate
it is fraudulent because if we're ever
talking about climate change and we're
not talking about it's only the only
practical solution which is to go nuts
on nuclear and do it fast get the
government involved reducing some
regulations so we can build plants
faster that sort of thing if we're not
doing that we're not really taking
climate change seriously so the weird
thing about the climate change of folks
is that their dream of a green world
with green technologies you know like
solar and wind by pushing climate change
as the mecca as the fear factor that
gets you that green technology they've
done exactly the opposite of what I
think they want what I think they want
is a world with no no nuclear power but
is also green but instead they're going
to cause the opposite because if they
alarm the world enough on climate
science and I think they have so if the
climate change fear gets high enough it
kind of guarantees nuclear power because
it's literally the only solution anybody
has that would get you a reasonably fast
solution let's talk about Kanye so I'm
seeing a lot of people forwarding around
on the Don Lemon show on CNN and Bakari
sellers was an african-american pundit
it was on there a lot and Bakari said
some mean things about Kanye but one of
the things he said was that his problem
with Kanye is that this is Bakari
sellers saying this about Kanye you're
saying that his problem is that anti
anti intellectualism isn't cool so he's
sort of mocking Kanye for not doing his
homework before getting involved in
stuff and you know I tweeted that it
probably that's the sort of thinking
that gets Kanye elected in 2024 so let's
talk about Kanye because wherever he is
it just makes you think of all different
topics you think about that think of how
many things you think about when you
think of Kanye it's like the it now it's
this growing universe of things you
think about because his his influence is
just expanding like crazy and the first
thing I thought about when he was
accused of anti intellectualism is how
does that I intellectualism work
the intellectuals said to Hillary
Clinton would be President
they said the economy would fail they
said that you know all of our allies
would hate us trade would be bad
that'd be nuclear war pretty much
everything the intellectuals told us
would happen
including what Bakari sellers the pro
intellectual pundit was predicting every
one of them was wrong for the past three
years who were the people who were right
anti intellectuals anti intellectuals
have been right about everything for
about three years straight now I saw I
suppose it depends how far you take your
definition of anti intellectual if you
take that all the way to dumb
I don't know how right the dumb people
were but I think even the dumb people
the people were literally low IQ if you
measure it here I'm not insulting I'm
just saying that if you measure people's
IQ there's high winds and low ones I
think even the low IQ people were
smarter than the intellectuals for the
past three years maybe they were just
lucky maybe they were just lucky but
they weren't right about a lot of stuff
so I got a I had a few feelings about
this first of all calling Kanye until
anti-intellectual is sort of part of the
package of accusing him of being a
unprepared celebrity as opposed to
someone who's been you know chugging
away in the in the government realm for
years and I call that loser thing which
might be the title of my new book loser
think is a way of thinking that
consistently gives you bad results and
let's take it let's take the difference
between the way Kanye apparently thinks
I can't read his mind but we'll just
look at what he does as an indication of
what he thinks what Kanye does is he
breaks out of his small field and he
tries things for which he is totally
unqualified for
how qualified was Kanye before he became
Kanye even Kanye wasn't qualified to be
Kanye I mean in a sense that he had
never been a famous rapper and then he
became one you know is that even the
right word or his hip-hop artist or just
artist or just or just artist I guess
and then he decides to be a designer
what was his experience for being a
designer nothing nothing and now he's
one of the most successful designers
what is his what is his experience for
anything Kanye is not stopped by his
lack of beginning knowledge so beginning
knowledge is the key here how much
knowledge did President Trump have about
being president before he was president
not much just like everybody else
because nobody has practice being a
president until they're the president
how much does president Trump know about
the job of being a president right now
two years into it a lot he figured it
out right
he brought his own tools into the job
and figured it out so who do you want
the person who can figure it out a Trump
Kanye lots of other people right people
who are willing to change fields it's
one thing to be a celebrity and just
talking about politics and you know
people don't have a lot of respect for
celebrities who just talk but Kanye is
not just talking he is literally getting
ready to meet with Jared Kushner and
with the president on one of the most
intractable problems in the entire
country which is how to put convicted
you know ex-cons back to work had to
reduce our prison population these are
really hard problems and Kanye walks
right into it because you know what's
missing
do you know why that's such a hard
problem well one of the reasons probably
is a lack of creativity in other words
we probably don't have yet the right
ideas to get us the right result or if
we do have the right ideas and you know
I know that Jared Kushner has some plans
about reducing the prison population and
putting people back to work if we have a
good plan and we're having trouble
selling it selling it selling it who
would you want on your side to help you
sell it
Kanye freakin West now known as Yi or
yeh is a gay or ye I don't know how to
pronounce Yee
so I guess yeh so if you're asking me
who was being one of the most productive
people in the country this week think
about it
yeh I'm still having a look here's my
problem with saying yeh yeh feels like
even though he's he's officially
announced that's what he wants to be
called I have trouble with it because I
I associated it with people who know him
personally because it seems like the
people who have known him personally
call him yeh for a long time and that to
me I don't know him personally so feels
like I know it just feels too personal
but if that's what he wants
so who's being one of the most
productive citizens in the United States
this week yeh right he's meeting with
Jared he's bringing attention to the one
of the most intractable problems in the
world he's talking about bringing some
manufacturing to Chicago his future his
his hometown in future new town he's
moving apparently who was bringing all
that attention to the issue does all of
that attention help Jared refine his
ideas if he needs to probably probably
you bring that much creativity into a
topic and suddenly people start thinking
of stuff it's contagious
alright did it bring more attention to
it which will help him sell it
absolutely
what did Bakari sellers do that was
productive this week
he criticized the most productive
citizen in the nation now when I say
he's the most productive citizen in the
nation what I'm talking about is the
fact he's not an elected politician
right there are lots of elected people
who are doing good work but as an
unelected person who's doing more for
the country this week like right in
front of our eyes
then yay he's done an unambiguously
positive thing by bringing attention to
a major problem and now of course when
you're talking about politics and you
talking about left and right and CNN and
Fox News and all that Bakari sellers is
on essentially he's on a team and he's
criticizing Kanye who he's feeling is
either not on his team or maybe more of
a mega fan etc I don't think that's the
case by the way but but he's criticizing
him who do you see supporting Kanye the
most what what identifiable group of
people are most supportive of Kanye yay
all right it's a trick question the
people most supportive of yay as being
you know a positive force in the world
are white supremacist now I don't mean
that literally
I don't literally mean white
supremacists are supporting yay
what I mean is that Trump supporters and
they've been branded of course as all a
bunch of white supremacists
so if you're on the Left how do you
square the fact that there's a panel of
black people criticizing yay every day
on CNN and the people who are
unambiguous ly positive about him is the
the party that that panel of black
people have branded as white
supremacists
how do they explain that well how do you
and you square that how it because I if
I look at my Twitter feed you know
there's some people who don't like Gagne
some do but unambiguously there's more
positive than negative yeah how do you
squared that if you're if you think all
Trump supporters are white supremacists
why are they so positive about about yay
well I'll tell you because he's not
against them he he doesn't he doesn't
present a threat he presents more of an
opportunity more of a hey this could be
good yeah what's he bringing to the
table I like I like new ideas all right
but let me talk about something that
might get me in a lot of trouble I'm
developing a concept maybe somebody
already has a name for it but I'm gonna
give it a name I'm gonna call it
cultural gravity cultural gravity
meaning that if you are if you're a
product of a particular culture no
matter which culture that is and you
want to rise rise above the average and
be more successful in whatever way you
measure that if you want to get out of
your culture your culture has a certain
gravity that's sort of sucking you back
in right and that gravity works on a lot
of levels it's what people say it's
their history it's bias it's you know
it's how much money in connections they
have in that group there's the attitudes
it's you know it's the family structure
and all that but every culture has a
different gravity and it feels to be and
by the way what I'm gonna say now I
first heard from African Americans so if
I didn't tell you that first you'd say
hey white boy why are you talking about
things you don't know so as best I can
understand it this is an argument made
by very thoughtful african-american
people who are trying to make a
difference and the idea is that the
black community has a high cultural
gravity now by analogy you see it with
this Bakari sellers and
the u.s. situation here yay is doing
something that is unambiguously positive
bringing attention to this serious
intractable problem of you know
prisoners and ex-cons and getting them
jobs and putting them back into
productive flow he's doing all that
stuff this week and what is and what is
a far less successful black man doing
he's dragging him back he's trying to
drag him back drag him back and you see
this all over the place the number of
times you see other black Americans
trying to to sort of drag back black
Americans who are either too white or
they're not they're not playing the game
the right way or they're doing something
they don't like it just feels like
there's a lot of cultural gravity
compare that to let's say the Jewish
culture and this is this will be
obviously a stereotype so I'm not going
to say this I'm not going to pretend
this applies to every single person in
in any of these groups so nothing I'm
saying is universal but it seems to me
that the the sort of the narrative the
story the the stereotype for the Jewish
community is you know why aren't you a
doctor or marrying a doctor or are you a
lawyer are you a professional now that's
that's the opposite of cultural gravity
that's almost like cultural propellant
it's like if you want to rise above the
average everybody's looking at you and
say can we help what can we do to help
you rise above the average if I talk
about my my own experience being a white
kid in a relatively low income country
setting in upstate New York so it was
very rural forty people in my graduating
class ninety-seven percent white
probably and when it was it became kind
of clear even in my in my youth that I
had the potential to
maybe do something so for most of my
school experience my teachers had sort
of identified me early as somebody who
might you might be able to you know do
something and I had the opposite of
cultural gravity
I felt the culture lifting me I always
felt that I always felt that the people
around me who were primarily people like
me you know white people who didn't have
much money
I felt support like an actual cultural
support all the time I don't know if I
ever felt anything different I can
remember you know a little bit when I
was in grade school people would call me
a nerd or something they would call me a
nerd because I had high grades but it
was never really cruel it never bothered
me like it never really felt like I was
being bullied because it was always has
always said with almost a complement
element to it you know when somebody
would say oh you yeah you know you
Brainiac you you nerd it never was mean
all right it was kidding maybe so yeah
maybe there was some Envy in there but
it never it never seemed to be designed
to hold me back
so I felt that my cultural my culture
had no cultural gravity as soon as the
you know the cord was cut and the cord
was you know mighty youth so when you're
young you can't go that far right
because you're a kid you got to get
through school and stuff but the moment
the you know the string was cut on the
balloon there was nothing stopping me I
had no cultural gravity everybody seemed
to be rooting for me within my cultural
and I hear from smart african-american
leaders that one of the biggest problems
in the black community is
kind of cultural gravity that's that's
this sort of holding you back like it's
and you see this with with Bakari
sellers comment now I think this is a
special case because it's politics and
it wouldn't matter what color any of
them were you know that the left is
going to be against the right but it
reminded me of this it felt like Bakari
was holding Kanye back and and I saw a
radio interview recently I forget who
the DJ was but it was someone who knew
Kanye from the old days and you know
they they'd come up together knew him
before he was super famous before he was
famous at all actually
and as they were talking during the
interview I kept saying to myself I feel
like he's trying to hold Kanye back he's
not saying it but I can feel the
cultural gravity because he kept saying
stuff like why can't she be the old
Kanye we like the old Kanye you know go
back to the old way and I'm thinking to
myself everything that that old friend
of his was saying the person who was
very identified with the culture there
were literally friends back in the day
everything he was saying
felt like cultural gravity I don't know
if his jealousy somebody somebody's
saying jealousy I don't know if that's
it that's the simple answer right it's
simple to just say uh jealousy but why
why did I not I didn't excited not
experience any jealousy why why did my
culture not produce any jealousy that I
could register it was almost entirely
you go I mean I feel there from my
earliest my earliest experience that
people were saying you know you go boy
you do what you can do you know may it
make us proud go forth don't you feel
there was something very different about
Kanye
hell yeah so the comment there was don't
I think there's something very different
about Kanye
yeah that's why we're talking about him
he's about as different as you can get
but the most distinguishing
characteristic of him right now is he's
made a stand against cultural gravity
now he refers to it as a mental prison
and I don't love prison analogies so it
makes sense and it works for him and
stuff but just personally prison isn't
the analogy I want in my head but he is
he is rejecting publicly and a great
personal and professional risk he's
rejecting cultural gravity he's looking
to get bigger and to make more of a
difference and to help more and and
who's holding it back it's not white
people you're not seeing a lot of you're
not seeing a lot of Trump supporters say
hey Kanye stop being stopped trying to
be useful in a positive way to change
society stop doing that with your anti
intellectualism you know here white
people saying that you're white people
say go Kanye let's see what you can do
let's you know knock it out let's see
what you can do totally rooting for him
you know not everybody's not everybody
thinks he's the right person not
everybody's rooting for him but it feels
like white people are more more lifting
and more supportive of his change of
topics to more of a political political
realm all right I don't know what to do
about that by the way so first of all I
don't know if it's true and secondly I
don't know what to do about it if it is
true so you know according to people who
know what they're doing and have you
know come out of those environments it's
true but I can't have verify it from my
own experience all right there was an
article that poll was done one year
after the me to movement going so it's
been about a year of me too and
one of the disturbing results is one
that I predicted a year ago which is
that executive males are are avoiding
meetings with women so apparently
there's a pretty big shift in behavior
not a universal one but big enough to be
problematic in which executive men are
just trying to avoid contact with women
and think about the enormity of that
problem if you're a woman just just
think about thinking about why you lose
if you can't go to lunch with your CEO
just the two of you because a guy can do
that any guy can go to lunch with the
male CEO but now I don't know if the CEO
is going to say he can go to lunch with
let's say a youngish woman I don't think
he can right and I asked myself if I
were a CEO of a major corporation would
end and let's say an assistant vice
president a woman said hey can we go to
lunch to talk about X would I do it or
would I have to invite another man or or
at least invite another person I
probably have to invite a man but then I
think oh no if I invite the man he's
gonna say something sexist and then I'm
gonna get dragged into it so I can't
even invite another man to be sort of my
chaperone so I have to invite another
woman and I think now it's gonna be two
women if they team up and say I did
something I'm dead because now there's
there's a victim and a witness that's
worse so you're the CEO you're saying
what's the only safe thing to do
the only safe thing to do is be busy or
to make it a larger group but you're not
going to get the same bonding and
networking as a one-on-one lunch would
be so I don't know if the trade-off is
good or bad because you know the me2
movement clearly is producing some
amount of positive
you know awareness is some amount of
positive behavior change but there's
clearly a cost I don't know how to weigh
them but we should be aware of them it
doesn't mean we need to go backwards we
just need to be aware of it all right
one more comment about anti
intellectualism because it's too
delicious the the people who would I
guess say they're Pro intellectualism
Bakari sellers maybe some other people
on CNN haven't they been wrong about
everything for three years who are the
people who have been right about
everything for three years anti the anti
intellectual ISM people the the Trump
supporters have been largely right about
everything for about three years trends
straight at what point do you notice
when do you notice so generally speaking
I favor people who jump into fields that
they're not experienced in and try to
figure it out so I'm very very
permissive and forgiving of those people
because they're the ones who changed the
world right you want the person who who
hasn't done it before
but is a creative creative force of
nature to get in there and shake the box
and let us all watch and just see what
comes out of it
I don't I don't I don't think we should
be against science of course but that's
not what that's not what people mean I
think when they say anti intellectualism
they'd like to mean that but I don't
think they do take for example with
climate change what do the intellectuals
say about climate change pretty much the
intellectuals say the same thing all
right as a majority as a majority the
intellectuals say the same thing about
climate change it's a big problem and we
better act aggressively and spend
trillions of dollars what do the anti
intellectual will say they say you're
forgetting the costs and the benefits
if you haven't included nuclear power in
the calculation you haven't really even
considered the problem right who is
smarter in the example I just gave you
the intellectuals who completely ignore
the costs and the benefits of climate
science and just look at the costs and
the costs are not even well calculated
they're just sort of a wild guess
supported by horoscope like models that
have a big range the anti intellectuals
are saying hey it looks like you're
leaving out some big things like how
much it would affect the economy how
much it would cost to remediate problems
caused by climate science versus making
them go away in the first place how long
it would take the benefits of nuclear
power versus the cost of nuclear power
technological innovation who is saying
all those things all the smart stuff is
coming from the anti intellectuals I'm
not wrong about that Emily so that's the
irony is that the smart people are the
anti intellectuals in so many cases not
every case you know there's still plenty
of people who you know believe in the
Flat Earth and there are plenty of
people who who have crazy ideas and
don't trust science when they should and
you know there's plenty of craziness on
both sides I'm not saying that I'm not
saying dumb people all join the same
political party that's not the case
I'm just looking at your comments
somebody says it's urban versus rural
baby I mean it is certainly that also
science advances one death at a time
somebody said I don't know who said it
but it's kind of it's a cool thing
Candace Owens what about Candace Owens
is there a question attached to that
every solution comes with a new set of
problems that's probably true
somebody says vaccines are you
don't know if you're saying that not to
change the subject too much but let me
make the general point whoever says that
that vaccines are is not really
smart whoever says vaccines are
definitely good and there's no reason to
be concerned not smart the smart range
is somewhere in between those two
extremes which is and you know who has
the smartest view on this I hate to tell
you but the smartest opinion I've ever
heard on vaccines in terms of the risks
versus the benefit that was expressed by
President Trump and if you remember what
Trump says about vaccines he says that
they have been tested individually now
this isn't his own theory he's obviously
heard it somewhere it's a it's a popular
way of thinking the idea goes that we
have tested each vaccine individually
and that individually they look like
good ideas but what we haven't tested is
what happens if you give a number of
vaccines to the same person so that's
what Trump said that there's a risk
which has not been analyzed to which I
thought to myself is that anti
intellectualism is it anti
the thing were the very thing we're
doing is the thing that's never been
tested which is what happens when you
combine a bunch of vaccines in the same
person now I'm not going to tell you
that that's bad because I've never
studied it and I don't have any skill to
study it but I do agree it hasn't been
studied and if it's true that you should
study one vaccine you know if a new
vaccine comes in if it's true that the
FDA should study that vaccine isn't it
also true they should study it in
combination because what are what are
you know drug interactions if not that
we test drugs one at a time and then
when they interact with another drug we
say oh whoops it looks like this this
aspirin doesn't work with that other
stuff but we didn't test that because it
would be impossible to test every drug
with every other combination of drugs it
would be too many combinations so we
just kind of put that drug out there
tested in in isolation largely in
isolation and then when it kills
somebody or gives them a side effect you
say what else were you taking
well we better put this in the database
maybe we've got a problem here so the
president has the most realistic view in
this which is why would you trust
something this important that hasn't
been tested is that anti intellectual I
don't know you know you might say
politically is smart because he has it
both ways it's pro science and it's also
slightly anti vaccine without totally
committing to it so politically is
brilliant but it's also perfectly a
common sensical point of view and and by
the way I had never heard that point of
view I had heard it in a different realm
I had a friend number of years ago who
was trying to convince me to eat more
organic food and to avoid anything in a
package anything that has any kind of
additives and my opinion had always been
all of this stuff has been tested right
all of these additives have been tested
there's no reason to think that you know
just because my my jelly has a
food preservative in it that it's gonna
kill me because it's all been tested and
my friend said this they haven't tested
it all together and I thought how the
hell did I not ever think of that before
so her point was this that if the only
thing you ate they had an additive was
that jelly that you have you know once a
week probably wouldn't be a problem
because your body could easily handle
whatever a little little extra thing it
was adding to it but if everything you
eat has an additive it doesn't matter
that every one of those things has been
tested in isolation because what they
haven't tested is what happens we when
you give yourself a whole bunch of
different additives from different
sources of different types I don't know
does it hurt you somebody says you look
great for 65 I'm 61 damn it but that was
funny they do test vaccines altogether I
don't believe that there's no way that
they test vaccines altogether because
you couldn't I don't think you could
test them on humans like that there's a
limit to how much how much you can
really test about the combinations yeah
and the test is children that makes it
harder why is the lifespan in America so
much higher than before
I believe it stalled didn't I'm not
telling you the vaccines don't work I'm
not an anti-vaxxer I'm an
anti-intellectual I'm not an anti-vaxxer
of an anti-intellectual meaning that
meaning that I don't know how would I
know
all right well I don't know much about
this category if the additives and how
dangerous they are in the vaccines and
how dangerous they are so I'm going to
end here and I'm going to sign out and
I'll talk to you later bye