oh this would be great ASMR if you don't
know what ASMR is you've got a Google
see what did I get this
yes it's Nev Reubens new book it's
called don't burn this book I will be
talking to Dave Tuesday and we'll we'll
hear more about this but I'm gonna do my
homework first hey how's it going
everybody what a day do you remember
maybe a week ago I told you that the
next couple of weeks would be insane but
it would be insane in a good way I'm not
sure that's a hundred percent sure true
but it's definitely true that the past
week or so it's just been crazy and of
course the one of the things that's
making it interesting is this general
Flynn stuff now I hope you're all
up-to-date on this because there's
something so perfect about this day if
if you've been following the whole Flynn
saga because you know it was early on it
was rumored that he was he was just sort
of framed and they were just trying to
take him out or get some dirt on Trump
and I remember when I first heard it I
said to myself well yeah you know maybe
maybe but it didn't seem totally
credible when I first started and partly
because who does that who just decides
to take out a general because he's he's
part of a campaign and part of it is in
the back of my mind I was thinking
if there's somebody you're gonna try to
take down you know if you had to pick
anybody in the world let's say let's say
in the United States and there was
somebody you wanted to take down and
there was somebody that if you tried to
take them down you might not have
finished the job who would be the worst
person to try to take down and not quite
get the job done well maybe a top
military trained mind of the United
States possibly a general that would be
that would be a really bad person to try
to take out and not quite get it done so
today the big story is that some of the
notes have been revealed
you know they had read notes from the
time of the interviews and before and I
think it was lawyer Baker's notes who
said if you if you haven't seen this
story it's just gonna make you laugh
because you know everything is a Dilbert
cartoon and ultimately you know maybe
it's just my filter on the world you
know and why wouldn't it be but I just
see the world as this giant Dilbert
cartoon so where the rest of you see
important people doing awesome things
because they're strangers you know you
always think those strangers are doing
awesome things it's only the people that
you know who are morons and incompetent
and you say to yourself why why is it
that everybody I know personally is a
 and incompetent well not everybody
but you know I mean but yet there are
people I don't know strangers and
important jobs and they're so wildly
awesome and competent maybe not every
time I'm just saying that sometimes it's
a little more like a Dilbert comic no
matter where you go that's my experience
there's no level anywhere no level where
you can get away from it
case in point
FBI and lawyer I think he's an FBI
lawyer but anyway as part of this group
they was going to talk to Flynn and he
writes a note to himself no there's no
he writes what is our goal
truth slash admission or to get him to
lie so so we can prosecute him or get
him fired well now if you don't think
that are approximately I think it'll be
about six to eight weeks if you don't
think there's gonna be a Dilbert cartoon
about the guy who's taking notes at the
meetings but really you shouldn't you
know he really shouldn't be taking the
notes because for one he might not get
it right and then it'd be a record or
something that might not even be
accurate I mean that's a risk or or you
could be in the middle of a plot to
overthrow the government of the United
States and one of your treasonous
co-conspirators decides to write a note
to himself
note to self is this one of these
meetings where we're just it's like yeah
can you just see yeah like like if he
was at the meeting I guess you okay you
just see this guide to be questioned
clarification I'm just a point of order
and just I'm wondering if we're
committing treason against the United
States of America yeah this is our first
domino or where we just talking to this
guy to try to get him fired I I'm just
trying to get on the same page are we
are we just taking him out just trying
to get fired or is this actually
connected to our plot to take out the
legally elected president of the United
States by going through
generals first literally and the fact
that this guy is at the meeting like you
it's a am i exaggerating is this not a
Dilbert comic but there's always this
guy give you a budget can imagine like
you know Brandon and all these other
guys who are thinking you know I think
we got away with it
I think of their thinking got clean away
yeah it was close it looks like it
looked like they were they were sniff
about our trail there for a while
looked like they were getting close no
we're good we got away we got away what
they they found what I know you say what
was on the note what you know it's a bad
day to to be anybody associated with
this except for general Flynn now
there's a punch line to all of us by the
way I've never seen anybody more
exonerated like if there was some kind
of if there was some kind of Nobel Prize
or Nobel Prize for being exonerated and
like it was a scale and some people were
a little bit exonerated it's like well
you know I he's not that guilty let's
let's let's exonerate him a little bit
you've got to figure that there's a
scale of exoneration right well this
biscuit
this guy just broke the gauge for the
most exonerated you could ever
be but it gets better
there's a punch line the punch lights
coming off this it gets better I promise
so general Flynn just having what's got
to be one of the best days that anybody
ever had in the history of days
I'm just imagining he sends a tweet oh I
I have I have dubbed this tweet the
tweet of the century now Twitter hasn't
been around for a hundred years but
still I'm going to go out and limb and
say that this tweet from general Flynn
is the tweet of the century and I hope
you can see it alright so I'll just
describe it so there's no words there's
no text so what you see is just you're
looking at this little woods here and
keep watching oh that's just best we'd
ever oh I could not enjoy this day
better so meanwhile ah dr. Burke is up
[Laughter]
laughing about that for a while
stock work is up so um here's a question
that I haven't heard anybody yeah hurt
anybody I haven't heard anybody ask we
so it looks like there are three or four
therapeutics for the corona virus that
look promising and I haven't heard
anybody ask if we can take them all at
the same time because I have to admit so
far I'm a little bit underwhelmed by the
the early information we have about all
of it from hydroxychloroquine to run des
of error whatever yeah the good news on
REM des of ear is that there didn't seem
to be any statistical difference in the
death rate but people were getting you
know getting cleared if and I guess in
getting into the hospital sooner and I
thought to myself yeah but if it's the
same death rate
like you might be forgetting one thing
that your trial found while you're
talking about all the good news is that
it didn't make a difference in the death
rate now I don't know what difference it
did make I mean I'm happy that people
went home earlier I'm glad that they
maybe their cough went away a little bit
sooner I'm glad that they could breathe
a little bit easier maybe a full four
days earlier than otherwise but it's
kind of about keeping people alive so
unless there's more to this rim does
Avira story than we've heard it feels a
little bit exaggerated but I would not I
would not doubt that it has some effects
so my question is if the
hydroxychloroquine has some effect and
the interferon has some effect we heard
that there's some other thing they have
some in fact is there is there anybody
smart enough or is there even a way to
know because we wouldn't have time to
test it yeah I don't think we'd be able
to test just pump it all that stuff into
somebody and see what happens what do we
I mean maybe we would I suppose we would
test it at the same time we're giving it
to people probably but or is this a sort
of thing you can run through a
supercomputer and say well these kinds
of things almost never interfere with
these kinds of things even if you add
this other kind of thing so was the sort
of thing we have ai at this point that
we can at least narrow down the odds and
say well we can't be positive but it's a
very low chance that these particular
things will interact so it could be and
I understand that there's some trials
that are winding up pretty soon so in
the next few weeks I think we're going
to have really good information and if
it turns out we can take these as a
cocktail and I would think is more
likely we can then that we
Kant wouldn't you think if you had to
guess yeah if you put you get it given
that the actual medical professionals
have been wrong about just about
everything so far we can guess right
let's be doctors for a minute if you had
to guess let's say all of these let's
say there are three or four things that
are all sort of pretty good but not
great what what do you think of the odds
that they can all work together oh oh
you know actually that's a good point
because here I was assuming that these
were new drugs and therefore there would
not be any kind of drug interaction
documentation but of course yes they're
they're all existing drugs so the fact
that they exist already means that the
drug interaction documentation has been
done but fam oh yeah the other one was
that other one but those drug
interaction things couldn't possibly
already know what would happen with that
combination the the odds that that
combination is actually documented if
there are three or four of them they
have never been used in that combination
before all right so that's my question
but it could be we're right on the on
the edge of having something that'll
take the edge off that virus yes I will
fifty-nine thousand people dead and
nobody thinks it's gonna let up so
remember was it only a week ago that
people were saying you know we told you
if it's only gonna be sixty thousand
dead you know that's not much worse than
the regular flu but we're we're gonna be
past sixty thousand tomorrow and we're
not may may should have another fifty
thousand would you say
do you think the month of May will have
2,000 a day which is sort of what we've
had let's say trails off
let's say we did get on top of it and
let's say it averages you know a
thousand a day when we really get on top
of it we'd still be pushing a hundred
thousand in the best success story and
that's before the summer even starts but
more likely we're gonna blow through a
hundred thousand well before June and
unless these therapeutics really stop
people from dying which was my question
about the run dezerter I don't know it
looks like it looks like the plan if
everything went according to plan I feel
like the plan is for two or 200 to
300,000 people to die I feel like you
know without that being actually said
here's an the you've you've heard a lot
of updates about testing and it's
probably very confusing to you and so I
did the I did the work of researching it
so I've dug down I learned everything
there is to know about testing all the
various kinds of different Sciences the
you know the kits where they're made you
know the swabs the shortages I've
summarized this for you as testing is
 it's all everything
everything you've ever been told about
testings probably just as far
as I can tell because there's certainly
nothing happening there's any
correlation to what you're hearing so as
far as I can tell it's all been
from the start and I don't see any
reason that that will change now
eventually it'll change but I think it's
gonna be we're I think we're talking
months everything suggests that that
will be months so I don't think testing
was going to be the magic bullet because
it's just just not going to be fast
enough
there's a new story this is like a
classic CNN story as you judge whether
it's true so apparently the president
shout was shouting as campaign manager
Brad Paris Cal you know he was on the
phone and aides were in the room and I
guess somebody leaked it and he was
shouting and he was shifting the blame
to parse Calif or the you know the lower
poll numbers he's getting recently and
reportedly Trump berated parse Cal for a
recent spate of damaging poll numbers
even at one point threatening to sue
parse Cal do you think that happened I
don't know I mean as far as anything's
possible and then they say isn't this is
from CNN it's not clear how serious the
president's threat of a lawsuit was well
I'm gonna take a stab at it not too
serious was my guess I'm just gonna
because I'm no I'm no strategist I'm no
strategist but if I were running for
re-election this wouldn't be the optimal
time to sue your campaign manager so I'm
just gonna I'm just gonna say that maybe
the president had that same thought it's
kind of an obscure thought maybe maybe
didn't think of it but I think he
probably did I think he probably did
probably said to himself I've got this
election coming up probably not the best
time to get rid of my campaign manager
so was there a tense phone call between
the president and Brad parse Cal could
be do you think that that was captured
by this reporting accurately probably
not probably not let me let me read to
you the name of the sources Oh unnamed
how interesting the sources are unnamed
it's a story about the president
flipping out behind closed doors how
long will it be before the president
says
none of that happened and then Brad
parce qu'elle says that's funny but none
of that happened
probably tomorrow sometime now I don't I
don't doubt that the president yells at
you know pretty much everybody at one
one time or another so that part might
be true who knows
so Twitter's mad at ben shapiro because
he had the audacity to consider the
costs and the benefits of reopening the
economy and for the sin of including all
of the costs of all the benefits in this
calculation because people were mad at
him for other reasons i guess he is the
worst person in the world and he wants
to kill your grandmother that makes
sense right if somebody considers all
the costs and all the benefits and says
they should be all weighed therefore
logically he wants to kill your
grandmother well i didn't even know that
until today but i found that on the
internet I cannot speak for Ben Shapiro
but I can say this the adults in the
room the adults can pick who's going to
die and if nobody else can do it I guess
we have to find some leaders who can
because we're coming to you know
decision points you know do you die from
the economy killing you you know or does
grandma get a few years shaved off and
of course there's wrist everybody else
and there's the organ damage and yeah
there's there's a million a million
things I would guess without personally
asking Ben Shapiro that if I said to him
Ben do you think we should consider only
some of the costs and some of the
benefits or maybe just look at them all
I'm just guessing he would say well why
don't we look at the mall Scott that's
exactly what I would say I'm just
guessing I'm not my I'm not reading his
mind so I could be way off on that
but I'm not so it's just weird to see
somebody get pilloried for being the
adult I mean you know I give them credit
you don't have to agree with I in fact I
don't know exactly what it is he thinks
we should be doing that's different but
you have to appreciate that somebody can
say here's my choice it's going to be
tough on a certain class of people all
things considered somebody's got to make
the decision that's the way I'd go now
even if you don't agree with it you have
to respect that right because that's
ultimately somebody's gonna have to do
that it'll be the president but you know
have some empathy for how hard that is
if you're not willing to do it yourself
don't feel like you can criticize the
president when he doesn't because he's
gonna have to do that you know that's a
that's a super tough decision so it
looks like Biden has lost a CNN so Chris
ELISA who I would say would be there
sort of sort of their chief hit man on
the political side if you want a bad
story about Trump you know you call
Chris ELISA so he's one of their you
know stars who most often talks about
what bad thing Trump has done today but
he's he's after the Biden campaign so
credit to Chris ELISA
so this would be a fair and balanced
approach and what he said was that the
so the New York Times did their their
look into the accusations by terror read
and they said they basically they
couldn't prove happened and they
couldn't prove it didn't happen so
basically they didn't have a conclusion
so that was what the New York Times said
what Biden's campaign has directed the
talking points to be they've actually
written talking points with a lie in it
and actually directed all
the by the supporters to use this lie
and listen to this lie
it says Biden believes that this is the
talking points right
Biden believes that all women have the
right to be heard and to have their
claims thoroughly reviewed in this case
a thorough review by the New York Times
has led to the truth : this incident did
not happen and the New York Times of
course did not conclude it did not
happen they just said well we don't know
that's it so the the Biden campaign is
going quite cleverly by the way if I if
I'm gonna be fair and judge it which I
like to do on its effectiveness as a
dirty trick you know separate from
whether it's a you know an ethical thing
to do
effectiveness wise it's pretty good it's
pretty good because you have to
understand most people are low
information they're not going to go to
the New York Times article but by the
third time that you hear somebody say
that the New York Times investigated and
found out it didn't happen even though
all three of them will be lies by the
third time an unsophisticated viewer
hears that it's just a fact
so they've actually come up with a way
to inoculate him with their base and I
think it's a good one I gotta say it's
totally solid now it will be debunked
you know mercilessly
I mean CNN is debunking it all right
Chris ELISA is directly debunking it and
saying that the the campaign is just
telling their people to lie and and
showing you the evidence I mean you show
usually the actual words I'm pretty
interesting but it's totally gonna work
very clever all right here's something
I'm seeing a lot of people saying that
the real reason for the coronavirus
shutdown or the real reason for this is
that is that they want to control you
and it's about power I don't know that
anything about the coronavirus is about
power I don't get that meaning I'm not
detecting that it doesn't it doesn't
pass any of my experience filters
I don't detect any of that so I say that
just because a lot of what I like to do
here is detect bs when I can and then
you can see you know later when we find
out what's true you can find out but I'm
going to call BS on anybody having a
motive about coronavirus except trying
to get through it
right I feel like the public is pretty
much on the same team that we all want
the best way through it we just disagree
maybe what's the best way you can you
can ignore the politicians just you know
lying at each other in public that's not
really anything but a show that's for
politics so you know I don't know I I
doubt that at least with the corona
virus and the shutdown I doubt that
anybody had that conscious thought that
hey this would be a way to control
people all right so the Trump war room
which Trump which tweets for the Trump
campaign had a terrific tweet today and
I will read it to you and and the the
timing the comedic timing is even right
because I they leave a space and I
always appreciate that because when
you're writing humor and a tweet
sometimes you want a little little
timing space so it's like bah bah bah
bah bah space that ah you know and
there's the the reveal so they they did
this really well whoever remember
tweeted this knows what they're doing
and it goes like this Joe Biden is using
crooked Hillary as a character reference
space a space space space that's it
that's the tweet
yeah isn't that great Joe Biden is using
crooked Hillary as a character reference
space space space that's it that's the
tweet that's sort of a what I like about
it is sort of everything it's got in the
in my world when I write comics there
are times when I'll I'll get my funniest
the funniest part of the comic sometimes
comes before the end and when that
happens I do what I call sort of the
afterglow which is sort of the just the
finish or the dessert
so maybe the joke happens the next the
last panel and then the last panel is
just a little extra on top of the joke
and that's what this tweet did because
the first part is the joke and then the
second part is that's it that's the
tweet and then you get a little dessert
well tweeted so correct me if I'm wrong
and I think that your mileage may vary
on this but so last week it looked like
the following three things were not
looking good
so last week it we weren't sure that our
herd immunity was even possible
hydroxychloroquine was taking a hit you
know for maybe killing people or not
looking good but that was questionable
and then the REM des affair last week
there was that leaked report that made
that look maybe not so good so in a week
we've learned we've learned well I would
say that nothing is certain because
since the what we think we know changes
every week so I would be foolish to say
that this is the week it all got right
so let's just say so let's just say that
it's changed let and who knows if he'll
change again but Nate Silver you know
him from well you know him from politics
and statistics so he's the expert on
mystics and whatnot and even when I
disagree with him which I sometimes do
famously famously in 2016
he's always a smart and he's always a
good read and he's always got a he's
always going to filter on things that I
wouldn't have seen because I don't have
his his depth of experience in this
field and he pointed out that the
questions about whether people were
reinfected happened to be by coincidence
but probably not the the number of
people who were showing up as may be
reinfected which would say herd and the
herd immunity might not work happened to
be about the same as the error rate on
the tests so in other words you could
fully explain the anomalies in the herd
immunity just because the tests are not
that accurate so you would get you would
expect actually statistically that you
would get exactly the result they got
but if you interpreted it to mean that
people had been reinfected it's probably
more appropriate to say there was a test
problem because it was about the same
number now you know I leave you to
fact-check that I'm just passing along
that even I don't know 48 hours ago I
told you that the odds of herd immunity
were only maybe 75 percent because I was
hearing these reports of like well maybe
not but after hearing nate silver's
reframing of it i still don't know but
i'm gonna bump up my odds to basically a
hundred percent yeah you could make it
99 if you if you don't want it to be
hundred but so I would say that herd
immunity is as of today and and only
today this is the first time I'm willing
to say I am positive there's herd
immunity as of yesterday I wasn't
positive right now I'm positive because
Nate pushed me over the line there so
and you saw what happened to the stock
market right this talk market just went
nuts
so the stock market thinks good things
would happen but I don't think any of
the things are going to be about testing
I think testing will just be the
disappointment in all this there is a
video which some of you may have seen if
you if you get all the conspiracy theory
stuff
you know some of you are always looking
in the right places for the conspiracies
Theory stuff I saw today a video which
I'm pretty sure is fake so I'm going to
tell you that in my opinion it looks
I'd say certainly fake so if you see it
I will inoculate you from believing and
okay so the video purports to be
somebody with that I don't look like
their phone surreptitiously recording
some kind of a lecture and you know it's
not a good picture and you can't quite
see the slides too well and you know the
guy talking you know he's a little far
away because he's up up on the you know
front of the class and the audio
suggests and I'm only gonna give you the
the high level because I don't actually
want to spread the rumor right so
there's something horrible in there I
don't want to say it because it just
makes it worse right so I'll give you a
hint so that if you see it you'll you'll
know oh that's the one so it hints that
the the military was considering
creating a very bad very bad virus
weapon so that's the only thing I'll
tell you right so if you see a grainy
video of some somebody allegedly showing
other military people
hey we've developed this awful thing and
that's all I'm going to tell you about
it as far as I can tell it's fake
it looks very fake to me okay all right
did you know that Chinese companies are
snapping up oil fields because
they're cheap so there's some big
Chinese developer I saw this um Jack
Pacific's tweet that some Chinese rich
guy who's buying up oil fields in Texas
and I'm thinking to myself okay that
sounds bad but let me ask you another
question why do we let them buy anything
can somebody answer why we let them buy
anything in this country I mean other
than products they can take with them
because we can't buy stuff in China
right if we could I would say oh that's
fair they buy some stuff here we buy
some stuff there but given given the you
know the relative sizes of the economies
and the populations don't we all expect
that if we wait long enough China's
economy will dwarf the United States
just because of math and demographics
right we all expect that that's sort of
a given you know unless something
strange happens well what happens when
China is so big that the amount of money
that they can spend on stuff is even
more gigantic compared to what it is now
which is already massive how much of the
United States could they buy and just
and just own it
you know I mean they could buy all the
good stuff all right
they could buy all the good real estate
they could buy all the good companies
what couldn't they buy if they had
enough money so the question I ask you
is if we can't buy stuff in their
country and I think that's the case
right I mean I'm not going out on a limb
to say you can't buy a nice little piece
of real estate in Shanghai so if we
can't why in the world do we let them
buy here no I get that rich people like
it because I can sell stuff to them and
but really they're they're literally
buying the country right see if they own
a piece of the country they sort of you
know
they've got a lot of control just by
being rich and here and landowners yeah
seems like a bad idea
says me all right let me make sure that
I've talked about all the delightful
things that I was going to take talk
about I don't want to I don't want to
leave a thing out because how you would
he would feel so so used all right
oh yes I wanted to remind you that so
I'm moving some bonus content over to
locals LOC als column and I've got a
subscription site therefore I'll be
moving all of my video content I'll
still be doing here every day so you
still can watch it the same ways but if
you wanted to find it there if you want
to watch it at higher speeds so you
could hear me talk faster you could do
that there you could message me you
could see some stuff that you won't see
anywhere else but best of all those
people who were nice enough to
contribute to me on patreon need not do
that so if you're on patreon
feel free to cancel that and I know some
people had some problems with patreon
anyway and if you like subscribe to
locals and cancel patreon either way I
would say so that's all for now if you
need to find that link go to my Twitter
it's in the profile you didn't see that
tell us what happened to last night's
periscope oh it was just a technical
glitch it just ended and if I get that
far into one and it gets a tactical
glitch and it ends
I don't restart because I think well you
know 20 minutes that's good enough
research chlorine dioxide I don't know
why but okay
the china book unrestricted warfare yeah
I'm familiar with that
zoom Hollywood media must be stopped
yeah zoom apparently has made some
changes but we don't know if they're the
good kind yeah somebody's pointing out
that we're always afraid the United
States is always afraid of some other
country you know eating our lunch and it
used to be Japan and then Japan just
stopped being such a threat and then it
became China you know and is it possible
that China will be like the coronavirus
ironically and just sort of trail off on
its own because everything has a season
well we'll find out meat supply yeah I
guess the president ordered the the
unions and the workers to go back to
work even if it's not safe I I don't
love that situation but I don't disagree
that the government should use its
powers to keep the food supply solid so
this is one of the you know this is a
war situation you know when when the
president referred to this as a war it
really is a war and these are
commander-in-chief decisions and the
commander-in-chief basically just told
the meat workers that congratulations
you on the front line and they didn't
sign up for that but none of us signed
up for it you know I didn't sign up to
be in a in a higher risk group right
yeah a certain age nobody signed up for
any of this so it's not fair
yeah certainly not fair that the meat
workers are it would take a bigger
burden than a number of other people not
as big as you know the frontline health
care workers but pretty big and it's not
fair
and I think the only thing that we can
say is thank you you know thank you for
your service this is like the one of
those weird times
when saying thank you for your service
makes sense of a non-military context
because we are at war and the commander
in chief just ordered the meat workers
to the frontlines and we should just
respect it thank them I don't think we
should stop it because I think even just
the psychology of keeping the the food
chain solid I mean I think the public
wants to know that the government is
going to do whatever it takes to keep
the food chain working so I think the
public wants to see a little strength
when it comes to food maybe not you know
overshooting the mark with privacy and
stuff like that public can get a little
antsy about that and should but when you
talk about the food supply and it's a
war somebody's going to be a victim you
know I think we just have to respect
them that's it we just have to respect
them and thank them and on that thought
I would like to wish you a great night
and I hope tomorrow has as much good
news as today because today was pretty
cool
and I think we're going to be heading in
a good situation remember I told you
these two weeks gonna be some good stuff
there's more coming I'll see you in the
morning