Hey Jake come on in here it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams guess who I am
you're right I'm Scott
Adams probably didn't see that coming
but I'll bet you do have your cup your
mug your glass your Stein your chalice
and I'll bet you filled it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee join me
please
for the simultaneous
HP somebody said there's a
explosion in Syria is that on CNN's page
yet oh Isis cleans
responsibility all right well that
sounds like just more of Syria
so let's talk about Kamala Harris first
has everybody seen her
video uh in which she talks about her
favorite
music and dances a little bit in her
chair and laughs and has a good
time I think most of you saw it if
you're watching this Periscope you
probably watch that sort of thing and he
was if you haven't seen it this won't
make as much sense but you have to know
that Kamal Harris is one of the top I
know at least top five I think probably
top one uh Contender for uh the
nomination and you know that recently uh
everybody who's a Democrat is sort of
accidentally or
unconscious trying to compete with rpos
so rpos did her her little video live
streaming where she's in her kitchen and
she did a little dancing video and now
apparently other Democrats think that
they need to you know get on board with
the casual fun hey I've got a
personality I'm young uh kind of
vibe Elizabeth Warren was the first to
fail with her beer drinking video uh
then we also saw uh b
b uh he I think he did okay with his
cooking video it was a little derivative
wasn't you know it wasn't original
and and then he did he then he uh he
jumped the shark by live streaming his
dental appointment and I'm thinking okay
you do not get it if if you are trying
to associate your brand with dental pain
you don't understand how anything
works so Kamal Harris is the latest to
I'm guessing take some maybe some
professional advice from from people who
don't give good professional advice and
it was to let her hair down and be a
little less serious I think most of you
had the same impression I did which is
uh when you when you've seen her on TV
especially she uh she seems a little too
serious and so she needed to I think
break out of that and show she had a
personality and you know and all that so
she does her little video I guess it was
for the the late show
and here's here was my impression as I
watched it so as I watched it I cringed
and I I almost felt embarrassed for
her and then I realized it's probably
perfect so
so so let me let me ask you I think most
of you had the same impression which is
like
[Music]
oh
but do you think that her base had the
same
impression all right let me tell you
what I
saw uh if you're a man and some of you
are have you ever been driving a
car where there are two or more women in
the car and let's say you're the only
man in the car but but there are two or
more women in the
car and somebody turns on the
radio how do all the women in the car
start
acting they start acting exactly like
Kamal
Harris in other words women by
themselves talking about music listening
to
music look kind of exactly the way she
looked to me so if you are trying to be
the you know the standard Bearer for the
the Democrat Party which I think we have
to admit is primarily going to be chosen
by women women are the dominant um
members of the democratic party and
they're going to decide who their
candidate is so when you look at the
Cala Harris thing do you say to yourself
uh
cringeworthy well you probably weren't
going to vote for her anyway that's my
guess but if you you were a 20s
something College woman and you looked
at Cala Harris you know laughing and
having good having fun with that music
did you say to yourself my God that's
cringeworthy or did you say oh yeah
that's me yeah I do the same thing I
like that music too oh yeah she's shown
some personality it's it's just exactly
the way you know my girlfriends and I
act when we're getting
silly I think
were
missing the power of that you know
remember that when President Trump was
doing his president Trump or his
candidate Trump stuff what was the
reaction on the other side the people
who were never going to vote for him
thought it was cringeworthy they're like
oh I can't believe he's doing that it's
like ah is he really saying that ah and
then you have to remember that he was
only talking to his base they and they
liked it and if you're looking at the uh
the primaries you're not even talking to
the whole base you can win the primaries
by maybe getting 30% or whatever it is
but it's something less than half if you
can control
30% then all the other candidates sort
of disappear because they're taking up
you know 2% 3%
5% so when she does something that so
clearly appeals to the dominant force in
the Democrat Party In other words she
Paces them she acts as silly as they
they may imagine that they act in their
personal time and I'm not going to judge
it so so I'm not the one who's going to
say she shouldn't act like that or
people shouldn't act like that it's just
the way people act it is the normal way
I observe females from probably the age
of 10 to
60 who act when they're in a car car and
somebody turns on the radio they start
singing along and dancing in their
chairs and and laughing uh very loud
it's just completely
normal so be careful about judging
Camala Harris for that cuz she did show
her personality and she did Pace the
dominant force that she was trying to
get to so do not underestimate her um
next
I want to I want to really piss you off
are you ready for that now I'm going to
I'm going to go out on a limb
today I'm going to go out on the limb
and I'm going to say some things that I
guarantee you're not going to
like I guarantee it but it's part of the
reason you watch my periscopes because I
think you have a little bit of trust
then I'm not going to say just what you
want to hear all right and here it is
and we start with a little setup let's
say let's say you have a roommate and
your roommate is the only other person
who has access to your home and you're
pretty sure of that this is a a fake
fake situation but just imagine that you
you know your roommates the only one who
has access to your house besides you and
you come
home and uh all of your all of your food
has been eaten out of your refrigerator
the food that you were saving for
yourself and you go to your roommate and
say why the hell did you eat all my food
food and your roommate says I didn't eat
you food and you say you're the only
person who has access to the house
besides me and your roommate says that's
what you think but you did not account
for alien technology because I was here
and I saw several of them you know beam
into the kitchen eat your food and then
beam back to their ship which version of
reality do you accept do you accept the
version of reality that's completely
normal
your roommate ate your food and light
about it completely normal or do you
accept the version where it's hard to
believe on its surface that aliens
beamed into your kitchen and ate your
food right so generally speaking let us
agree that if there are two um fully
capable explanations of the same
situation one is completely normal and
the other was just batshit crazy you
should go with the normal one shouldn't
you I'm going to give you four examples
that fall into this
pattern two of them you're going to
love two of them you're going to be
really pissed off at
me are you
ready number
one president Trump is Accused by CNN of
praising white supremacists marching in
Charlottesville there are two
explanations for the story explanation
number one
the event in Charlottesville was about
Confederate statues which he' talked
about a number of times and he was on
the side of thinking that they were okay
to leave them I'm not but that's besid
this besides the beside the point so
when he said there were good people on
both sides one version of the story is
well he means both sides of the statue
question some people like them some
people don't that's it that would be the
most
normal explanation he went in public and
said well the statute question there are
good people on both sides they just
disagree on the on this point CNN turned
it into this that the president of the
United States the sitting president of
the United States went on television
this is their
version and praised
Neo-Nazi white nationalists who were
marching and and yelling and they were
chanting anti-semitic
things the president's daughter
is Jewish his her his son-in-law his
grandkids are Jewish many of his top
advisers Israel loves him he's the first
person to move the you move the uh the
capital or the embassy to
Jerusalem do you think that Netanyahu
and Israel had not
noticed
anti-Semitism do you think they're not
good at that I'm pretty sure that they
can can pick up anti-Semitism when they
see it they're really good at it so one
version of reality he was just talking
about the statues cuz that's what the
event was
about normal the other version batshit
crazy absolutely batshit crazy the idea
that he went in public and intentionally
praised the people who were carrying you
know racist symbols whatever they were
doing and enchanting anti-semitic stuff
couldn't have possibly been true here's
another
one and I'm going to give you the two
you might like
first one version is that Representative
Steve Steve King 69-year-old
representative from
Iowa Iowa I think
um so here's CNN's version of events oh
well let me give you the normal version
the normal version of events is that he
wandered aloud in a New York Times
interview why the words Western
Civilization had had turned into a bad
thing when he had gone to school to
learn that Western Civilization had done
some good
stuff now does that sound
extraordinary or completely normal it's
it's the sort of thing he said before
lots of times right he likes Western
Civilization independent of race because
remember Western Civilization
includes all kinds of races you know we
are the Melting Pot Western Civilization
is a Melting Pot that's the most normal
thing you would say about it when he was
in school like me he learned that we're
a Melting Pot but that our culture
produce some good stuff all right so
completely normal how did CNN report
that they reported because they
conflated something he said in the
beginning of a sentence with with an
entirely different point at the end of
the sentence they conflated two things
and they decided that he went on
television and
praised white
supremacists they literally reported
that his sitting representative with
many years of
experience went or went on a major New
York Times interview people he knows to
be the enemy essentially and that he
said yeah white supremacist love them or
some version of that now that version of
events is batshit
crazy that's just batshit crazy compared
to the more normal one which by the way
representative King you know presented
the full context when you look at the
full context it's pretty obvious that he
was talking about Western
Civilization being something that went
from good to bad and he was not talking
about white supremacist it's obvious
when you look at the full context
remember one story is completely normal
he said the same thing he's always said
yeah Western Civilization it's pretty
good our Melting Pot worked out pretty
well Basia crazy he went on he went on a
New York Times interview this highly
experienced guy and said yeah um white
supremacy that's that's good that didn't
happen that didn't happen all right
those are the two you agree with
probably cuz I I know my audience here
you're more likely to agree with those
two all right here's two you're going to
freaking hate me
now remember how I always say that um a
third of the world has no sense of
humor and then when I first started
saying that I think most of you said
well that's not true I would have
noticed if a third of the world didn't
have a sense of humor and then you
started noticing and you see it all the
time now right until I said it
you probably didn't even think it that
was a thing you probably thought well
everybody has a sense of humor we like
different stuff but everybody has a
sense of humor not true about a third of
the public literally doesn't have a
sense of humor and literally can't
identify a joke all right you saw that
with President Trump saying hey Russia
if you've got those Hillary emails I'd
like to see them those of us with a
sense of humor said obviously that's a
joke
and those without a sense of humor said
no that's obviously that's obviously
true that's exactly what he's asking to
do he's colluding right there but
likewise similar to my point that people
don't have a sense of humor there are a
great deal of people in this country and
maybe a third I don't know that I don't
really know the percentage in this case
but something like like a third of the
public can't understand figurative
speech they look at the words they look
at the definition in the dictionary and
they say now this these words tell me
exactly what you're thinking because
it's these exact
words a third of the the public can't
understand how words
work in other words they don't
understand that sometimes they're
literal and intended to be that way and
sometimes people are talking in a
colorful way a casual way let me give
you two examples number one
Peter stro in his famous discover text
said that they needed an insurance
policy possibility number one for
explaining what he meant by the
insurance policy he was talking about
the the Russian collusion
investigation number one totally normal
explanation they they thought there was
a genuine risk that the president was
involved in something with Russia
because that's an Evidence right we do
know that people were legitimately
concerned that maybe there was something
there now I think they're wrong but they
had enough sort of hints to say well we
should look into
it
stro assumed that the president couldn't
get elected like everybody else assumed
like most people assumed not me but most
people and so if president Trump didn't
get elected then looking into his
connection with Russia
not all that
important right they might still want to
know but it's not going to affect the
country
much but if he did get
elected they would need an insurance
policy meaning just in case he got
elected and just in case there was some
meat on this collusion thing which he
didn't even think was necessarily much
meat they better have an investigation
just in case an insurance policy now
what I described is a completely normal
explanation of
events they didn't think he'd get
elected there's some suggestion May
colluded with Russia well we might need
an insurance policy just in case it gets
elected and just in case there's
something to that so we better look into
it perfectly normal
acceptable no problem that's one here's
the other version that most of you have
accepted which is just batshit crazy
this is batshit crazy and most of you
believe it you believe that a sitting
FBI agent someone who understands the
vulnerability of all of your
messages wrote in a text message with
that could easily be discovered and
was that he was part of a plot to take
down the president of the United
States that's batshit crazy even if you
think he believed it that that he was
trying to take down the president and
that it was just a a political plot cuz
he didn't like this political leanings
of this president he's not going to
write that in a text message to his
lover no freaking way it's not
believable even a little bit it was just
a use of words completely normal I'm
sorry you know if you're if you're
believing the batshit crazy version you
bought into the whole deep stake
collusion you know you know uh
and you have to just own the fact that
you took the bad crazy version all
right now if you say to yourself but
wait a minute I'm not I'm not not
relying on that one word look at all the
stuff look at all the reasons that I
know it's a deep
state do you know that Max boot just
produced a article with 18 pieces of
evidence that the president the United
States was definitely a puppet of
Putin 18 of course if you look at all 18
they're all ridiculous but there are a
lot of them same with the Deep State the
Deep
state is almost
certainly a conspir well what would you
call it a almost certainly not true but
there's plenty of evidence right well
there's a thing somebody said the way
somebody acted on TV the somebody's got
some money somebody's connected to
Hillary there's lots of it it just isn't
convincing all right here's the next one
you think you hated that last one where
do you see this one here's one you're
really going to hate I know because I've
been doing this all morning on on
uh on Twitter so Mo many of you who are
climate
deniers buy into essentially most of the
skeptical arguments okay that's crazy
because I've been digging into the
skeptical arguments now for a few months
and most of them are
ridiculous so if you said to yourself I
think climate science is not true
because of here all these 10 good
reasons you're not really on strong
ground there because there are not 10
good reasons there might be a few in
fact I haven't gotten to the bottom of
my research but I would say there are a
few claims that work against the climate
science claim that haven't been debunked
as far as I can tell but that's only a a
question about how How Deeply I've gone
so so here's what many of you
believe you believe that climate gate
proved there was a conspiracy to to be
fraudulent you believe many of you do
not all of you that M uh in a email to
Michael man that another scientist who
was working with him said that he was
going to use Nature's trick you know a
trick to hide the decline in other words
hide a part of the climate record that
didn't work with the current theory that
things were getting warm so they were
going to use a quote trick to quote hide
the
decline now people said my God it's a
Smoking Gun it's a Smoking Gun it's
right there the scientists who are
closest to this say they're using a
trick
and they say they're hiding something
that's not science science is not about
using tricks science is not about hiding
things Smoking Gun Smoking Gun you've
got it somebody's saying that I'm
blackmailed because because I'm saying
this all right if you think that what
I'm going to say next about this climate
gate is because somebody got to me or
because I'm
blackmailed you're sort of in bad
crazy area I'm whatever is the opposite
of working for somebody I'm just losing
money on what I'm doing all right so I'm
doing everything wrong if I'm trying to
pay money everything I've done on the
topic of politics and the periscopes has
done nothing but cost me money my income
has suffered greatly and there's no
other source nobody's paying me for this
opinion nothing like that I promise you
that here's the ordinary explanation and
the bad sh crazy one the ordinary
explanation for the the words trick and
hide the decline are that these are
scientists who are working in this field
and they personally have seen all kinds
of
studies that confirm in their opinion
now here's the important part their
opinion right so what I'm going to say
next is their opinion not mine so
they've worked in the field and they
have convinced themselves from all
they've seen the climate change is real
and it's going to it's going to be a
gigantic problem for the world and
because they're the ones who know it and
they need to communicate it to the rest
of the world there's sort of a marketing
element to things right it's not enough
that they do the science they've also
got to Market it so when somebody is
talking to somebody they know and
they're using a technique in science
would it be normal for somebody to say
hey Bob I used your trick I used your
trick on the numbers and it got me the
result that's now consistent with the
theory
the most normal explanation is it's just
casual language and that they're not
speaking literally it's not a trick like
a magic trick there's no hat there's no
rabbit they're talking about a technique
which is published a published method
it's just common language to say oh yeah
I used your trick and it worked got it
got us the numbers we expected and not
the numbers that don't don't fit the
the theory now when he used the method
which is published which is widely
viewed and people have looked at it
everybody's looked at it and the people
who looked at the trick which is really
just a method the other scientists
looked at it and they said oh that's
okay that looks entirely appropriate
even if it's wrong you showed your work
you showed how it fit the theory it's
whatever it is it's definitely not
fraudulent because you showed you
work all
right now when they said they're going
to hide the decline remember the context
the context is scientists who
legitimately believe that the Earth is
warming and if they don't explain it to
people in a convincing way we're all
dead I'm exaggerating we're not all dead
but there'll be dire dire impact if they
don't convince the world if you're
trying to convince the world and there's
one in convenient part of the data that
you believe here's the key part that you
the scientist believe is not
accurate what would you say you might do
with it well you might say you would
adjust
it but that's not the point of it the
point of it is to is to have a package
you can show the public in that case you
kind of want to hide it so if I say to
you my friend that I'm working with who
knows the entire context hey Bob
uh so I used your trick meaning your
method to uh adjust the data meaning you
know I hid that part that didn't make
sense and now and now we can show it to
the public because the part that they
would have questioned we've we've used a
method to figure out why that didn't
make sense now it all makes sense and
now we can explain it to the public that
we believe we're convinced by all of the
science not just the stuff we're doing
but all of the science has convinced us
that this is real and we need to package
it better
so you know the the the way to
understand the climate models I think is
the marketing of the science the models
aren't really the science the market the
models are the marketing it's the part
they hope the public looks at and goes
oh my God we got to do something now
which is the point of it so here's the
point if you assumed that the scientists
were bad then those words would confirm
it but you have to start with the
assumption that they're bad for those
words to be bad
if you start with the assumption that
they believe the science because most
climate scientists are on the same side
so if you believe that they believe what
the other scientists believe that's the
most normal
explanation do you think it is normal to
say that there are some climate
scientists who totally don't believe in
climate science do you think that's a
normal like routine thing it's not but
it's normal and routine to call a method
a trick and it's normal and routine to
say if you've got something that doesn't
make sense you'd like it to go away
you'd like to hide it all right so those
are four four
cases where you can easily compare the
normal
explanation to the batshit crazy one in
this case there is a secret cabal of
scientists who are working to hide the
truth for reasons we don't know they're
they're trying to uh oh and then and
then the reasons get given for why the
scientists would try to hide the truth
intentionally right because remember the
the climate gate is the assumption that
they're doing it intentionally there's a
whole other argument that says maybe
they haven't done the work right that's
a different level of skepticism but the
people who say no it's intentional and
we found the we found it do you
think do you think that uh all of these
scientists working in climate science
that their secret reason for doing it is
that they want to uh uh move resources
around in the world and and that it's
something about socialism because that's
just bad crazy it's batshit crazy
to think that thousands of climate
scientists were all in on a on a secret
a secret you know plot there isn't the
slightest chance that's true not the
slightest chance that's true now people
are saying grants you know the grant
money follow the money that part I'm not
disputing all right be be be very clear
about what I'm saying I'm not saying
that the money has no influence on
decisions but there's no evidence that
they're taking money and just
lying that's not an Evidence all right
now if it becomes an Evidence I'll
change my mind let me give you some some
examples of questions that I as a I'll
say a climate idiot this the best way to
describe myself in the climate science
topic would be idiot right um so here
are the questions that I don't know how
oh here I'm going to start with two bad
skeptical points here's a bad one
somebody on Twitter today said well
Scott can you tell me what level of CO2
is Optimum for humans to survive cuz if
you don't know what is the right amount
of CO2 how can you say we're not at the
right amount how can you say that Scott
okay that's the worst opinion all right
nobody is
arguing at least I've never heard it
nobody's arguing about the level of CO2
being the
problem the problem is that CO2 is
alleged to cause clouds to do what they
do which is alleged to cause warming and
it's the warming stop asking me what the
right amount of CO2 if the problem is
heat you could at least ask well what
what is the right level of temperature
that would be a fair question but it
wouldn't be on the
point because the point is that it's
going up and we don't know how to stop
it so it doesn't matter if we are below
the level we'd like to be it doesn't
matter that the better temperature is
the one above us that's not a point
because the point is we're going to go
right past that all right so stop saying
we don't know how much CO2 is the right
amount it's a stupid freaking thing to
say because if the point is that it's
changing and we don't know how to change
it it wouldn't matter if we knew it was
the perfect amount because we're not
going to stay there for more than a
day here here's
a uh here here's another arguments
that's that's terrible that uh somebody
says all believe in climate science when
the sence scientists themselves you know
start being more energy conscious humans
are humans people are going to use their
cars and they're going to make up
reasons why it's okay for them and how
their car use isn't going to change the
world and you know whether I drive a
Prius or a SUV you know my personal
decisions as a climate science are just
not going to change the world all right
and and nobody's going to copy them just
cuz the scientist is driving a Prius so
stop arguing about what the the
scientists are doing in their real life
stop talking about Al Gore stop talking
about rich people having you buying
homes on the coast do you know where
else rich people buy homes in Hurricane
places in flood places in Wild Fire
places and in earthquake places I'm a
rich guy and I bought my I built my
house in
California biggest you know earthquake
risk around right I mean I'm not on a
fault line but um rich
people will will build their house
anywhere they it I'm sorry they'll
build their house anywhere they want and
if they lose their house they will build
another
one it completely is no point that rich
people are building in nice places
because you know they might lose their
house I build it right here in
California and I might lose my house to
Earth earthquake I
might but it didn't stop me from
building it doesn't mean I don't believe
in earthquakes do I you know I know
personally somebody who lost a mansion
in the uh the Malibu
fire now if somebody builds a house in
an area where you buy or people buy fire
insurance they know they're in a fire
zone and they know that their house
could burn up right but they do it
anyway because they like living on the
beach what did this rich person say when
he lost his mansion in the Malibu
fire I'll build another one that's it I
just build another one because he's Rich
right so stop asking why rich people are
acting like rich people they're not like
other people rich people can afford to
lose their mansion they can lose a
couple of mansions it's fine and if
you're not going to lose your Mansion
for 30 years you're going to enjoy the
beach for 30 years all
right here are the questions that I have
not heard the answers to but only
because of my ignorance not because
answers do not exist about climate
change um number one is it true that I
think uh Linden is the skeptic who says
this that our current rate of
temperature increase is precedented in
other words has happened in the last 100
years so is it true that our current
increase is very simil similar to one
that we measured within this
Century true or not and if it is true
why are we talking about the rate of
increase being the thing all right I I
can't get a confirmation to that now it
could be that it's not the rate of
increase alone but it's how long that
rate of increase has has run so it could
be that earlier in the century we had
the same rate of Rise but it didn't last
long versus the same rate but it lasted
longer so is that the argument I don't
know but I can't make a decision until I
know here's another
one can you really measure measure as
you like to say can you really
measure the temperature of the
ocean in an average way obviously you
can me measure it in one place but do
you think the science can really get
some kind of an accurate reading of the
average temperature of an ocean
now I'd love to think that they can that
would be to me that would be a
technological Marvel and quite a quite
an accomplishment of science I mean that
would be way up there on things that
would impress me but I haven't heard
anybody who who really is close to how
it's done that can make a case that I a
non-scientist would find even slightly
persuasive like that the the whole idea
that we can measure the average
temperature of the ocean and going back
for
years doesn't even sound slightly
persuasive but I would like to be talked
into it I've never heard the argument
for
it
um uh there's a
question how do you here's my other
question how do you measure the
temperature millions of years ago to the
level of
precision that would be useful now I
understand you can do the ice cores and
you can look at tree rings and stuff
like that but are those things
precise and if they're not precise I
think there are about 10 different ways
to to measure temperature historically
you know different proxies which one of
them is the
best and if there is one that we know to
be the best how do we know
that how would we know what was the best
one cuz in order to know it's the best
wouldn't you have to compare it to
something so are you comparing it to the
second best one or is it true that when
we measure these proxies let's say in
the last 100 years they hold up pretty
well so therefore we we figure well it's
probably good for a million years that
doesn't sound persuasive I can't believe
this you know looking at your ice score
samples I'm just making this part up but
if you looked at your ice score samples
or your tree rings 100 years years ago
and maybe that was someplace you had a
good temperature meas measurement too so
you say oh yeah look ice score physical
measurement very similar so we we got it
but that doesn't really mean that that
holds up for a million years does it I
mean uh I have I have trouble believing
that there's any way we can
measure temperatures within the small
range of you know several degrees up or
down a million years ago
but maybe I'd love I'd love to know that
we could do that I'm not saying we can't
do it I just can't imagine it and so I'm
having trouble you know believing the
historical
numbers then there's a question of where
all the temperature adjustments to the
land measuring devices were they all in
one direction I've heard the following
argument that most of the land ones were
in the same direction I don't how to
explain that but that most of the ocean
ones were in the other direction when
those measurements were
adjusted I don't know what's behind that
I don't know why they would be measured
in the same direction why one would be
more in One Direction one would be the
other if the ocean is 90% of the
temperature problem because that's where
90% of the the temperature impact
is doesn't it only matter what the ocean
was doing shouldn't we just throw away
all the landbased measurements because
it's only 10% of the planet and almost
all of our measuring devices are in the
United States and apparently the United
States hasn't had a temperature increase
like the rest of the the world so
shouldn't we just throw away all the
land-based
measurements because if we can measure
the
ocean that's the better one
right uh
let's see here's a question I'd love to
know so so the uh the belief is that
there are many thousands of climate
scientists who are in who are on the
same page that they're all largely say
CO2 is driving temperature it's going up
too fast we're in trouble thousands and
thousands of scientists and that whether
you say that you know whether you say
60% of them agree or 97% most most of
you would agree it's the majority or on
the same page so here's my question how
many of those thousands of
scientists were personally part of the
measurement Gathering and the you know
how many of them were actually like
there measuring things like how many of
them actually know how the data for the
temperature was measured I got to think
it's only a handful right wouldn't you
imagine that in the entire world there
might be I'm just
guessing five people who are close
enough to all of the different measuring
methods especially the good ones that
they they have a like a real good idea
what's happening there I can't believe
it's more than five people so when
you're talking about thousands of people
agree are you really saying thousands of
people people trust five
people now that's a question not a
statement I'm not saying that's the
situation but aren't there maybe only
five people who really are close enough
to the measurements to really know
what's going on maybe five worldwide I'm
guessing maybe
one which is possible maybe one maybe no
one is let's take it from a legal
perspective chain of custody right if
you're in a legal trial and somebody's
got some evidence you need to um the
defense will make you prove that you
know exactly who had the evidence and
you where was it checked in how was it
gathered and that you can you can
describe with great credibility the
entire chain of custody of of the
evidence does science have something
like that and again I'm not stating that
they don't it's a it's an ignorant
question from a citizen who would like
to know am I going to be on a planet
that's that's
self-destructing and without that
knowledge I don't know what to think of
the fact that thousands of scientists
are on the same side CU it sounds like
they may have gotten all of their most
important information from the five
people again just guessing maybe it's 20
maybe it's 100 I don't know people who
actually are close to the data
all right then there's this question of
whether Michael man has released his
temperature data and this is that uh two
movies on one screen situation so so
there are two versions of reality and
they both look equally credible to me so
one version is that Michael man has uh
data about temperature that he's not
showing
anybody which would be amazing right
like if that were true that that the the
author of the hockey stick graph showing
temperatures going up that his data he
wouldn't show to other scientists well
that would sort of sound fraudulent to
you right most of you believe that's
true don't
you do you believe that's true most of
the Skeptics believe that's true that he
has secret data and he hasn't showed it
to anybody the other movie is he has
showed it to everybody it's public he
made it available he and and the public
record clearly shows that he made his
data available the party did not make
available is apparently some of the the
way his model works you know some of the
algorithm and the model or something
like that but one of the most basic core
beliefs in the skeptical world for
climate change is that Michael man did
not release his temperature data but you
can also look at the letter in which he
said here's my here's my data and you
can talk to the scientist and they'll
say yeah we all have access to it it's
public
so both of those things can't be true
but if he had to ask me what's
reasonable all right which of those two
stories sounds normal and which s which
one of those sounds just bad crazy
all right normal would be people wanted
his data he's a scientist everything in
his credibility depends on making that
data available to other people and so he
did that's the most normal thing in the
world right the data the data was made
public and people looked at it and they
ran their own models against it and they
got similar
conclusions and that but he didn't want
to release some proprietary things about
his model but that's not important
because people use the same data use
their own model got kind of the same
shape of of a hockey stick
roughly that sounds completely normal
here's what's badshit crazy that the
most important
name let's say famous famous name in
climate science the creator of the
hockey stick is hiding his
data does that sound do you do you think
that the other
scientists would let him get away with
that do you think that the other
thousands of scientists
would look at the sort of the let's say
the brand image bearer of their
cause and
say and and and therefore say uh no it's
fine that he keeps a secret we don't
care what his data said it's not really
believable is
it uh no peer
review well if it's been released
publicly I'd say that's pretty peer
reviewed now
suppose I suppose if we dug down we'd
find issues with what was the raw data
and which was the adjusted data Etc so
here's another question I've asked so
there's an allegation that uh I think
this is the Tony heler point that many
of the landbased measurement devices had
been adjusted and they were adjusted for
good reasons meaning that sometimes they
moved them from you know they were
originally in the light and they got
moved to the shade or vice versa so they
have to adjust for shade versus light
and there's heat islands and then
there's they at some point they started
taking temperatures at different times
of day so they have to adjust for that
so there are good reasons for
adjustments um and and you know they the
scientists presumably have showed their
work here's why we adjusted it there's
how much we adjust it but I have to ask
what did they calibrate their
adjustments
to yeah this this is the the dumb
non-scientist question if you had a
measuring
device and and you had to adjust it
because you thought it was wrong because
of whatever reason what would you use to
adjust it because if you have something
that's a better measurement shouldn't
you just be using that
thing shouldn't you just use the thing
that you use to adjust the other thing
if there's something that's so good you
can use it as your standard for
adjusting
maybe just use the other thing and if
they just adjusted it by math or
something yeah i' want to know that
uh so here's the question I asked what
would the trend look like for just the
the measurement devices that have been
in in place for a long time the ones
that didn't need any
adjustment because I think I believe
there are hundreds of them
451 um somebody says so what would what
would happen if I looked at just the
ones that never had a reason to be
adjusted what kind of trend would they
have now apparently say the Skeptics it
would show that we've been getting
cooler instead of warmer but say the
scientists that doesn't matter because
most of these me measurements are in the
United States like I don't know 90 95%
of them and the United States could be
getting cooler while someplace El in the
world is getting warmer and that
wouldn't mean anything because you you
expect some you know give and take in
individual regions and even over long
periods of time you know it might be 30
years that one continent is a little
extra cool but it wouldn't tell you what
the average is and the average is the
important
thing so I would love to
see just for my own education the the
measurements that are the most
dependable and have never been adjusted
for as far back as we can get
them because if it turns out that the
United States is not getting
warmer and all that's happening is we're
having fewer hurricanes uh CU I think
that's that's what happened this year
uh I don't know that that might adjust
my
thinking that might adjust my thinking
on what is what is real all
right uh that's my current thinking on
climate I see people signing off which
means that this topic has less interest
keep in mind that when I'm talking about
climate change first of all I'm a
genuine uh I don't want to say skeptic
because that makes you look like you're
in one Camp I'm
undecided Skeptics have sort of decided
you know at least the way it's the way
we use that word in political
context um so I'm not one of them I'm
more undecided because the the further I
dig into this the more confusing this
but I will tell you that the majority of
what the Skeptics say is ridiculous it's
just
ridiculous but there's a lot of what the
climate scientists say that doesn't pass
the sniff
test not even close like the tree ring
stuff doesn't pass the sniff test the
ability to measure temperatures
accurately and to even know what the
history is honestly it might be true but
it doesn't pass the sniff test the the
idea that the models using all these
many variables are are accurate enough
even to be directionally useful is
ridiculous all right I think the best
way to look at the models are as the
marketing part of the science so they've
got the science they need to convince
the world there's a problem how do you
do that the public won't understand the
science but they might understand this
cool graph so the Michael man
breakthrough wasn't scientific only if
let's assume that he got everything
right for this conversation it wasn't a
scientific breakthrough as much as a
marketing breakthrough because he found
a way to put it V put it into a visual
form that was compelling and would cause
people to do what he assumed are the
right things all
right predictions of the future are they
right or not well my understanding and
again you know I'm I'm the climate idiot
so everything I say has to be taken with
a grain of salt and some lot of
factchecking but my understanding is
that you know back in the 80s there was
a climate scientist and Hansen who made
some predictions that didn't come even
close to being
true but science has progressed a great
deal since the 80s and scientists I
believe I believe not not sure about
this but I believe they would say yes
that's true in the 80s we made some
predictions and they did not come true
but we have refined all our methods
we've done you know countless number of
studies and tests and measurements since
then and now we took what was kind of a
bad preliminary process that did not
predict well and we've fixed all those
things so we've gone just like
everything else does I mean your first
iPhone was terrible right with you know
if if I judge the future of smartphones
by the first iPhone I would say it's a
complete step backwards I can't even
make a phone call on this thing it keeps
dropping
calls but if I just say well what
happens if you wait 10 years and then
the iPhone's pretty awesome so what
happens if you wait 10 years in creating
climate models couldn't it be perfectly
true that they used to be terrible and
that they figured out how to make them
pretty
good I doubt it but but it's not none of
that is eliminated by the fact that we
used to have bad models the fact that
they used to be bad and they did not
predict in the past doesn't tell you
anything about the new stuff because the
new stuff presumably is
better right yeah some some people are
saying not likely I think it's not
likely in the sense that nobody can make
predictions with that many variables all
right for now I'll talk to you later