[Music]
hey everybody let me get my wires set
here it's great to see all of you and
it's an another amazing day another day
to enjoy the simultaneous sip man it's
gonna be good this time it's gonna be
off the hook
wild I tell you I'm gonna bring you on a
guest a little bit after he signs on but
first before I do that before we get to
my special guest I would like you to
enjoy with me
the simultaneous if it doesn't take much
to do it it doesn't take much all you
need is a copper market or glass lifter
Stein chalice tank or thermos flask
canteen Grail gobbling a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous sip go oh yeah yep I
can feel it coursing through my body as
we speak uh-huh it's getting to my
extremities yes a full caffeine exposure
oh I'm so happy now let's see if my
guest has found me yes yes let me bring
him on technologically speaking and I'm
gonna bring on a guest Ben Askren
retired a UFC and the MMA fighter who's
going to be talking to us about none of
that
but something more interesting and
alternative to YouTube now you might
wonder why I would want to talk about it
you alternative to YouTube but you may
have seen my tweets that Senator Ted
Cruz actually retweeted this morning or
last night in which I talked about how
YouTube is suppressing my views and
monetization
I thought it was time to talk about some
alternatives and so Ben are you there
yeah I'm here can you hear me
I can hear you fine so bad you are part
of a startup can you tell me about that
well I you know what I'm not technically
part of the startup right I don't have
ownership in the company it's my friend
who founded a company called full Sports
in 2007 it's gotten really big he
branched off and started something
called rock fin but really what I think
we need to talk about actually I think
that Ted Cruz commented on this issue
because all these things become
politicized and I think it's it doesn't
need to be politicized the fact of the
matter is there's a there's a distinct
power of balance between content
aggregators such as YouTube and content
creators such as yourself oh yes you
know I would I would go further and say
that I would like to correct Ted Cruz on
one fact which is I believe the YouTube
D monetization is not limited to the
Conservatives north right because I did
hear I did hear from David Pakman who
had exactly the same situation and he's
as left as you can get so it definitely
wasn't a left and right thing it was it
was more like a lower level people
talking about politics versus the cnn's
and the MSNBC's I think it was that yeah
yeah I'm not smart enough to know
whether they are YouTube is censoring
conservatives more than liberals or
anything to that matter but you know
since Martin started his company called
rock firm that's our okay fi n for you
guys wondering him and I really good
friends had a lot of conversations and
he's got me to see the greater light and
a lot of people talk about this and
there are a few alternatives out there
trying to do something about it but the
power of balance between these large
media networks and their content
creators is such that Scott I mean
someone as big as you and you'reyou're
kind of a big-time guy you're you're
literally witnessing them taking your
money away and there's not anything you
can do about it
you can't say anything to them you can't
say no give me more Amati
and that that in itself is what the
biggest problem is so what what does
rock fin do and it's is it is it up and
running
yes it's been up and running I believe
it was April I think six months since
you got up and running so well I'm gonna
try to explain it really simply but you
know it tries to accurately reward the
content creators because it kinda the
content that you provide to the network
is not just valuable today but
infinitely valuable into the future so
for example the first thousand people on
YouTube which got YouTube started they
think looks like we lost our connection
so I think he'll probably get back on
let me fill in a couple of details that
he probably would have gotten to so you
probably know that there are
alternatives such as bit shoot and one
of the big issues with that the
alternative to YouTube is if you create
a you alternative to YouTube and the
reason you're doing it is because a lot
of people are getting banned on YouTube
you've got a problem because all you'll
get is the people were banned and and if
all you get are the people who are
banned bet I'm coming back I got you if
all you got where the people were banned
you wouldn't have much of a platform
Benny back let me refocus you here so
rocks Rock CENTCOM is an alternative to
you - babbling over here and I have no
idea what happened yeah we just had a
technical glitch anyway Rock Fenton comm
is up and running it's an alternative to
you Tech Talk the question everybody's
asking is what's the difference between
that and Brent okay so I can't speak to
 you cuz I don't know what it is
here's what Rahman does Matt it's so
unique that Martin who's a creator is
he's getting a bite he's applying for
bunch of patents I believe then BAM
let me help focus you that my audience
is a very short attention span all right
let's look so tell me tell me
in conceptual terms tell me and I mean
I'm a user I get on this system
why is my experience as a user better in
concrete terms so as a content creator
user experience is better because on an
everyday basis you get paid in a token
which at that time you can exchange
immediately for a US dollar of course or
if you decide to hold the token did I
lose you again we had cut it off again
okay so where he was going on this is
that the there's a crypto token
component to rock FEM so apparently you
you get an option because you get the
token first you can cash it in
immediately and get cash or you can hold
it and if rock fin is more successful
and if you're more successful I believe
that make sure your token worth more so
you'd have more of an upside you'd be
getting these tokens and you could sell
them right away or you could you could
ride it on the upside so I think that's
the basic idea now as you heard Ben is
not a founder of the this startup he's
just got an interest in it
it's a a you know psychological interest
as a friend but I wanted you to know
about it and if I can't get him back
take one more try oh let's see if we can
get it back and wrap up here all right
Ben we get what we we only have another
minute or two you God how do I keep from
getting cut off on this feature this is
this is crazy it just keeps cutting me
off yeah I don't know if it's really the
periscope app or we're just getting a
glitch in our communications yeah but
anyway okay other networks then things
like sub stack and patreon and they're
you know they're they're applying some
old principles obviously without a token
but in that case it's one individual and
so they call it the rock to the
subscription consortium so essentially
you're not by yourself and you have you
pair up with a whole bunch of other
people which makes it
infinitely more valuable when you can do
something like that all right Ben
nobody understands it at a conceptual
level yet the only way we'll understand
it is I'm a user I put a video on there
yeah how's my experience different from
if I put a video on Bishu tour a video
on YouTube yeah I got bit shoot on
YouTube I think if you don't see the
problem with what's happening with your
lack of monetization then I guess I
can't really help you but the fact that
that that YouTube had so much power over
you and you have really have no recourse
to do anything about it I think that
should provide kind of alarms well yeah
but but that would be true with every
platform every every platform every
platform owner would have ability to
kick anybody off the platforms so well
rocks in if you get kicked off for
whatever reason you don't agree you
don't deal with the Terms of Service
then you keep all of the emails that are
attached to your account so obviously
you keep a personal relationship with
your customer which is also something
that the larger digital networks don't
want you to have Scott you don't have it
you don't have everyone's you to about
you never was email who's following you
on YouTube of course true so that so
that would be good but if you got kicked
off you'd still be kicked off correct
and what what are they thinking a
preview you the things you would get
kicked off we're not for just being a
conservative or being a liberal yeah you
don't you have to go full nazi to get
kicked off right yeah I sent you the
Terms of Service yesterday it's yeah it
literally it literally spells out some
examples white supremacists your and
here not so you round here kick off
people for political reasons and then
they have hardcore pornography on their
site I mean it's kind of all right well
Ben Ben got cut off again but then if
you can hear me thank you so much that's
what we want to get out of that people
will go and take a look at themselves so
got a are okay if I am calm if you want
to see an alternative now I want to say
again that first of all thank you too
senator Ted Cruz it's always great to
wake up in the morning and find out that
one of the most prominent Senators and
in the country just retweeted your tweet
because he thought the issue was was
worthy and it's the issue of people
being demonetised
and especially conservative voices being
demonetised
here's here's my take on what's going on
and this is just speculation all right
so I don't want to say this is a
conspiracy theory this is pure
speculation so I'm not asking you to
believe it I'm just trying to understand
my world and thinking out loud
if I were YouTube and what it looks like
what they're trying to do is continue to
evolve upscale so the content on YouTube
is more like a television show quality
so they're de-emphasizing things of
lower production values in favor of
things with higher production values now
David Pakman as I mentioned before that
was also impacted the same way I was and
we're pretty much opposites on a lot of
stuff so it wasn't the political leaning
it was the fact that we were a low level
production political talk I think that's
the the key that's that's getting us put
in the same bin now here's why this
actually is not completely fair if you
were to remove from YouTube the
independent voices both on the left and
the right what would be the result of
that do you see it if you were if you if
you get rid of the independent voices on
the platforms like you know the social
media platforms but YouTube in
particular what would that do with
what's left well what's left is
overwhelmingly mainstream media plus a
little fox news so it seems to me that
the net effect of getting rid of the
let's say the lower lower production
value independent people like me and
even David Pakman is that you would get
rid of more people like me then you
would get rid of David
Ackman even if we were sort of held to
the same standard well let me put it
another way I don't think that I don't
think I could support that there would
be more conservatives than liberals
that's anecdotal what would be true is
that all that would be left and
therefore would be magnified in value
would be the mainstream media is that is
that a side benefit to YouTube just
wanting to get a higher production value
I don't know but I will tell you that
there are a lot of people like me who
believe that they got on YouTube because
YouTube had a certain set of rules and
opportunity and it feels like they
change the rules after we got there now
as a trained economist in case you
didn't know that one of the worst things
you can do in an economic system is
changed the system midstream unless
you're really fixing it in this case
it's a change that was good for YouTube
presumably but certainly not good for
many creators such as myself so anyway
enough on that have you heard the story
that Nunez is being accused by a an
indicted Ukrainian that he went over and
met with Shokan over and over in Ukraine
and tried to get dirt on Biden now what
I tweeted what I saw that is when you
can't find an anonymous source to make a
claim your next best choice is an
indicted Ukrainian because if you want
the truth you really want to know what's
going on talk to an indicted Ukrainian
because you can depend on them to give
you accurate information so I'm not too
worried about any stories about newness
that originated from and indicted
Ukrainians in fact if you wanted to if
you if you're doing a comedy routine in
which you are trying to come up with
the least credible witness that you
could ever imagine
you'd use brainstorming saying all right
let's say I'm writing a story and I need
a character who's the least credible
human being on the planet what could it
be maybe a indicted Ukrainian that would
be that would be a good choice in other
no other news the United Kingdom is
pushing for the UN to have access to I
think is Shin Xinjiang I don't know how
to pronounce it it's the area where the
we Gers are being rounded up and put in
concentration camps it is one of the big
three holocausts going on in China the
the one of the Holocaust is they're
rounding up the we Gers and assigning
rapists to their wives I'm not even
making that up you know that was in the
news that the state of China is
assigning a rapist for the wives left
behind when they rounded up the man and
put him in concentration camps that's
the allegation the other as you know the
other Holocaust is they're harvesting
the organs from the flung Falun Gong
folks practitioners and of course
they're sending fenton all over here so
will the UK be successful in getting UN
monitors to go see what the Weir's are
up to not a chance
let me ask you this if you were China
and you were not running a holocaust
would you let people come take a look to
make sure that everybody was sure you
were not involved in a Holocaust I think
you would I think if you were not
involved in a Holocaust and people said
you were and all you had to do to prove
you're not is to say what do you mean
it's a Holocaust come on over I'll buy
you a ticket bring your cameras come
talk to us
there's no Holocaust find me a Holocaust
there's no Holocaust here that's what
you do when you're innocent what do you
do when you're actually perpetrating a
holocaust you say get out of here you K
stop bothering us and no the UN doesn't
have any right to come and check us out
stop bothering us in our sovereign
decisions that's what you say
so is it confirmed that there is a
Holocaust of the Uighur community I
would say yes I would say that there
China's denials of anybody to come in
and take a look it'd be one thing if you
know if an individual country wanted to
come in and take a look by asking the
United Nations to take a look if you say
no to that
you got some explaining all right
in other news the president and the
administration have said that they're
looking into and they plan to it's just
a long process I designate the Mexican
cartels as terrorist groups how about
that huh
now the main reason that you want to
designate them as terrorist groups is so
you can go after their banking
relationships and smart people are
saying that that will make a big
difference I don't know what's going to
happen to the price of Bitcoin I'm going
to check that today in theory if you
announce that you're going after the
banking relationships of the cartels
well we should expect is a response and
we should expect that Bitcoin would be
up up 2.2% this morning okay I don't
know if that's cause and effect but if
you take the banking relationships away
from the cartel where are they going to
put their money crypto maybe so and I
don't know if the government can
actually track down crypto stuff these
days
maybe they have a way maybe they don't
anyway um that's good news now it
doesn't necessarily mean yeah as
somebody saying in the comments a two
percent move of Bitcoin is just in the
noise you know Bitcoin here you up and
down you know eight nine percent a day
without any effort so what we'll look
for is to see if the moves are mostly up
based on that well I don't know maybe
the cartels don't have enough money to
make a difference although that seems
unlikely so designated the car to the
cartels as terrorist groups does not
necessarily therefore give us military
options you know I think Congress
probably still has to get involved I
don't know what the president can do on
his own legally in terms of combating
the cartels without Congress on its side
but this is a big deal I think it looks
to me like a big deal to designate the
cartels as terrorist groups
I think we're getting serious now the
smart people have also warned that if we
do get serious with the cartels
especially if we get serious in a
military way that there will be blowback
you know they're they're not going to
just roll over they're gonna go
completely savage on innocent citizens
you know Americans will be kidnapped and
tortured is it's gonna get really ugly
but at the moment I don't think it could
get much worse now I would like to
suggest that if you want to take the
cartels out designating them as
terrorist groups is a good start but out
also we we need to take a look at
legalizing legalizing their product we
have to look at legalizing the drugs
that are being shipped from Mexico and
you know wrapping those users in some
kind of a protective medical you know
wrapping if you will
so I think we have to legalize because
we're out of options even if we were to
go in with the military and wipe out
every cartel member it would take about
ten minutes before there was another
fentanyl path into the United States so
if you really want to take them out you
got to make their stuff legal and take
away all of their options now you could
make it all legal and still wipe them
out but I don't see any any point and
why can't wipe in them out other than
revenge which I have in favor of so
we'll see what happens there all right
Milania went to an event in Baltimore I
think a youth summit on opioid awareness
and and the news is reporting that she
got booed she got booed by the youth at
the youth summit for opioid awareness ah
I I just don't know what to say about
that
first of all Melania is not Trump not
Donald Trump Melania is Melania and is
there anything that Melania has done
since you know we became aware of her as
as the you know candidates wife is there
anything that Melania has done that
isn't just positive I mean really you
know if anybody deserved some kind of a
metal it's got to be Melania because not
only does she put up with her husband
but she she does it with class and grace
and completely just one of the best
first lady's we've ever had I would say
so the fact that she gets booed what
she's just trying to help keep in mind
she did run for office if she's had an
opioid awareness summit it's because
she's just trying to help it's just
trying to help
like there's no politics on opioids
there's nobody on the other side of this
issue booing her over that that's that's
just something wrong with the country
there all right
CNN has met
produced a new poll saying that that
impeachment is still at 50% approval so
because the news was working against CNN
the other news was saying that an other
poll said that there was less support
for impeachment after the hearings what
do you know
CNN comes up with a new poll there quite
coincidentally quite coincidentally says
that impeachment is still just as
popular it's not more popular so the the
impeachment hearings did not make it
more popular but it's exactly the same
as before the hearings
isn't that a convenient convenient poll
for CNN do you believe that one
I'm gonna say no on that one so Buddha
judge has surged into second place and
at least one CNN poll I'm not sure the
other polls are going to back that up
yet but it looks like Buddha judge is
really making a play for it now I would
like to run by you
a Joel Pollak hypothesis that I find
very compelling
Joel Pollak of Breitbart I had this
thought on Twitter and it goes like this
actually I think he had an article about
it it goes like this there are so many
candidates running for Democrats the
Democratic nomination and nobody seems
to be getting a dominant purchase on the
on the nomination who also could win in
the general election
so Biden as the highest poll numbers but
nobody thinks he could win in the
general Sanders and Warren who would
destroy the economy and could not win in
the general and there they were 1 2 & 3
now Buddha judge is surging up into the
top maybe he's second you know depending
on the the polls shape up but Buddha
judge has an african-american
problem which makes them probably
unelectable in a general election so
what do you do if you're the Democrats
and you go into the convention and
nobody who could win has a dominant
position and let's say you do the first
round of votes and there's no decision
now not an expert on the new rules about
super-delegates etc but my understanding
is if you don't get if you don't get a
clear result in the first round of
voting I think it's after the first
round then the delegates are released in
other words they can they can negotiate
and they can work out a deal behind
closed doors now what would happen if
the Democrats and let's say the
super-delegates can't work out a deal
somebody in the comments just said I'm
Connell Harris and I approve this
message
yeah you know where I'm going on this if
it's a brokered deal they're gonna
broker the candidate they're gonna end
up with the candidate who the smart
people in the party the people with the
money the people with the power the the
Democrat you know the the bigwigs
whoever the candidate is if it's
brokered is gonna be somebody who could
bring together the so-called Obama
coalition because that's how you can win
as a Democrat and who could do that
right Kamala Harris now couple of
Harris's policies still look a little
sketchy
she'd have to work on her policies but
that's not unusual it's not unusual to
have to you know how to modify your
policies toward the middle or something
if you become the the can state so do
not rule out the Carla Harris is in the
strongest position already does keep in
mind that that she has the second most
endorsements from
important Democrats and apparently
that's a pretty predictive a pretty
predictive thing well no I don't see
anybody outside of the the group of
Democrats getting nominated in a
brokered convention you know anything
could happen but I think that there
would be a revolution in the party if
somebody who who is not even running got
nominated that would I think that would
be an internal revolution and they
couldn't they couldn't survive that I
didn't mention in Bloomberg because I
don't think that the party leaders feel
strongly that he could win in the
general election but I think they could
they might be able to turn Kamala Harris
into a good candidate well let me tell
you this what what is Connell Harris is
biggest problems so far you probably
have different answers to that but I'll
give you my answer the biggest problem
with common law Harris's campaign so far
is her campaign staff in my opinion
because it looks like she had been
getting terrible advice just terrible
advice about how to run a campaign what
happens if you become the National
candidate if you become the National
candidate suddenly you've got money but
you also have the best advisors that the
Democrats can come up with does Comley
Harris have the best advisors now she
does not probably not even close but if
she were the candidate if she became the
candidate in a brokered convention the
fixers would get busy fixing her she
would be you know she would be scrubbed
up and and polished by the people who
are really good at it
now we would assume that in order for
her to get the nomination she probably
have to agree to help you know she would
have to agree that the party would take
a role in shaping her message and her
candidacy but I think she could do that
I think that she would be flexible
enough and she's smart enough that she
could learn and sort of grow with the
with the party so I'm gonna stick with
my original
bet I'm Camilla Harris based on the the
Joel Pollak theory that if it goes to a
broker convention you're gonna end up
with somebody who's not in the top four
necessarily and once you're after the
top four only a few choices and only one
of them has a realistic chance of
getting the coalition you could say Cory
Booker but there has to be some reason
that he's not getting much purchase even
within the Democrats he's just not
lighting anything on fire there so I
don't know that they could change that
oh yeah and we heard the theory
yesterday that the reason that Bloomberg
might be a candidate as opposed to just
putting his money into hurt Trump is
that as I can today he gets lower lower
prices for advertising I don't know how
that works so don't take it from me it's
just something I heard on heard on Fox
News yesterday that there's something
about being a candidate that gets you
some economic advantages and they're
pretty big ones so maybe that's why he's
running all right so if you if you've
been noticing the two movies on one
screen situation about impeachment over
on CNN there are a whole bunch of
bombshell happenings and these new
bombshell happenings on impeachment are
definitely definitely going to take this
president down it's a lot of new stuff
it's very damning for the president and
he's he's really in trouble now
that's on CNN if you click over to Fox
News do you know how they're covering
that stuff if they're not they're not
even covering it I don't even know if
they have an article on it it's so
uninteresting the Fox News just looked
at it and said yeah but on CNN it's the
beginning of the end and I want to give
you some of the the language because
this always amuses me
however CNN can make something sound
like more than it is
so the basic new new
is if I can get this right is mostly
about timeline stuff so we know now that
when the president was quoted as telling
which whichever one of the diplomats
Sandman
he told Salman that he didn't want any
quid pro quo but we don't know that that
was after he already knew that he was
going to get accused of a quid pro quo
so the president's statement to son
sunland they he didn't want to quit pro
quo doesn't mean what we thought it
meant because he said it after he after
somebody had already complained about a
quid pro quo so of course you're gonna
say it then
so that's one of the things and then
there's some issue about when the hold
was put on the the funds and apparently
the hold was officially put on right
after the phone call making it look more
like a quid pro quo etc so here are the
ways that these important revelations
have been described by CNN on their
website the president's claims of
innocent innocence looked even more
incredulous all right
so there must be some good reasons
coming because his claims of innocence
are looking more incredulous so whatever
follows that statement would be
something about this new information
after the New York Times reported that
Trump released the hold on Ukraine aid
after he was briefed on the
whistleblower report outlined did his
dealings with Ukraine what so he
released the aid that literally everyone
wanted him to release everyone but
because he did it after the
whistleblower thing came up that must be
evidence of his guilt but it would also
be evidence that he was doing the right
thing isn't it
because can you ever go to jail for
doing the right thing
if literally everybody in the world said
you should release this aid and then he
releases the aid do you go to jail for
that is that is that is that evidence of
guilt that you did what everybody
thought was a good idea to do doesn't
matter when you did it it doesn't matter
when you did it if you did something
that was a reasonable thing to do it's
hard to it's hard to see that at putting
you in jail the wait there's more
there's more from CNN's website but the
timeline revealed Tuesday in conjunction
with the transcript of testimonies from
Office of Management and Budget official
embarks Andy listen to the lead up
now remember complexity is a big part of
the story so if the public can't
understand the story it's like it didn't
happen so see how hard it is to
understand the story but the timeline
revealed Tuesday in conjunction with the
transcript of testimony from Office of
Management and Budget official marks
Andy and that's just the beginning of
the sentence I have it I have not even
gotten to the content to the sentence
yet so after all that outlines an
indisputably clear set of facts about
the bizarre way the Ukraine aid was
handled what it outlines and
indisputably clear set of facts about
the bizarre away the Ukraine age was
handled his bizarre against the law in
who's in whose opinion was it bizarre
what kind of accusation is bizarre okay
when we go to jail for being bizarre now
then they also say new revelations put
Trump on shaky ground that's that's the
headline okay he's on shaking your
ground because because here's the
because the developments on Tuesday
illuminated the fact that there's still
much to learn about the president's
actions regarding Ukraine way
is it against the law that there's much
to learn
does that put you on shaky ground
because there's much to learn about it
that's not much how about the confusion
that sandy the OMB guy and other line
level OMB aides have felt about why the
Ukraine aid was being withheld along
with their inability to get answers
showing how the Trump administration's
unusual enterprise was shrouded in
secrecy even from the very people who
are handling the money shrouded in
secrecy now this is quite a shocking
allegation because the allegation here
is that a large bureaucracy was not
communicating well I've never heard of
this before are you kidding me
CNN's breaking big news the large
bureaucratic government of the United
States has people within it who don't
know what the others intend and they're
not communicating well first time I've
ever heard of something like that so
they're turning you know a normal
bureaucracy where people are complaining
about the boss they don't know why the
boss is doing what the boss is doing I
literally got rich just writing about
that I mean that's that's the Dilber
office every single day in Dilbert's
office the employees don't know why the
boss is doing what the boss is doing and
they imagine it's for the wrong reasons
that's every employee with a boss but
it's got turned into news because it's
bizarre and there's and it's putting
them on shaky ground so that's how a CNN
had to turn a lot of nothing into or
something by words through the power of
words they turned nothing really this
new evidence against the president it is
evidence against the exculpatory stuff
in other words it's less exculpatory
than it was but it's not evidence of
crime which is completely different
so I thought I made a note but I didn't
so
biron New York was tweeting around a
lawyer's analysis of why the president
Trump is not necessarily in any trouble
illegally in a sort of a clever legal
argument about why why the bribery
charge won't be a good play but I
tweeted back and I'm starting to get
some some good agreement with us that
everybody's thinking past the sale in
fact this is one of the greatest
persuasion plays I've seen in years
better than maybe better than anything
Trump has done but the Democrats have
managed to make everybody think past the
sale so if we're arguing about whether
there was bribery or quid pro quo or who
said what or what it was a time line all
of those things were talking about a
hundred percent of them are past the
sale that we haven't talked about and
the sale is whether the president was
appropriately asking for an
investigation was it the president's job
to look into it and the answer is yes it
was unambiguously unambiguously in the
interest of many of the citizens in the
United States not all of them not every
single person cared but there certainly
were plenty of citizens in the United
States who were aware of the Biden
verismo thing who wanted some more
information on that and they would be
happy to know that nothing happened
because this is a potential next
president of the United States and
they'd be happy if they found that
something happened and we'd be glad we
found out so we didn't get into any kind
of blackmail situation or influenced by
Ukraine
so now just the fact that many of the
people in the United States were not
following the story and therefore were
not interested in calling for this
investigation doesn't change the fact
that if they did know about it it would
be a legitimate
there's there's much that our government
does that we the citizens are not you
know voting on or clamoring for they're
just ordinary the business of the
government so the government knows what
it needs to do this serves the public so
it doesn't the president was asking the
same question of Ukraine that many
citizens that voted for him would also
want to like to know and also people who
did not vote for him would also like to
know the answer to that they might not
ask for it they might prefer he didn't
ask for it but that's a political
question they still want to know the
answer the information still important
now even if it comes out that there's
nothing there
which I imagine would be the outcome
we'd like to know we'd like to know if
there's nothing there
so I'm waiting for the world to catch up
to me and realize that the entire thing
has been thinking past the sale so you
saw me tweet and talked about Michael
Harriet's article in the route in which
he was talking about Buddha judge and I
said it was really good writing and you
should read it
ben shapiro wrote an article that was
rerun on fox news and he was talking
about the route article going viral on
on twitter and i thought did I do that
who else was talking about this this
obscure little article in the route did
I make that viral well it was I part of
making that viral I don't know the
answer of that actually but so Ben had
some some disagreements with the article
which are worth reading I will not
repeat them because I know Ben will be
called all kinds of bad names for having
an opinion as he often is so then I hope
you can survive the case the pushback on
that article all right
so Steve Cortez has an article I just
tweeted talking about how it seems to be
a more coordinated strategy by the
Democrats to slander Republicans and
supporters of the president so there
there's more and more we're seeing it's
it's not brand new but it seems like
it's picking up steam the the labeling
of Trump supporters as being bad people
this is kind of new this is kind of new
I don't know if I can't think of any
time in the past when the supporters of
a candidate were demonized for being you
know the devil because they support the
devil I guess so we went through the
phases of being deplorable and racists
and now the latest is cultists so Steve
Cortes has a great article and that
check it out it's in my Twitter feed or
his you can see the link and I've
started to wonder is that something that
Republicans should do back in the other
words is that something that should be
returned and I suppose you could say it
is already happening because Trump
supporters like to call people on the
Left socialists and communists except
those are names they use for themselves
so it doesn't really hurt anybody to
call him a socialist when they're
labeling themselves socialists calling
them communists goes another level but
that feels more like hyperbole it
doesn't really feel like an insult yeah
we unless that's true we do refer to
them as zombies sometimes but I don't
think there's any equivalent kind of
thing I I'm going to go back to a
general gross generalization all right
here's a gross generalization the thing
that describes conservatives the best
and I think I'm the only person who's
ever said this I've never heard this
anywhere else well I'm sure somebody
said it but I'm not aware of anybody
else
the thing that defines conservatives is
a collective agreement that everybody
should be following the same set of
rules not the same outcomes but that we
should all have the same set of rules
and that those rules must be agreed upon
in a printable way such as the
Constitution and such as the laws now
I'm always impressed by conservatives
who think that and I'm not going to
argue I'm not going to argue abortion
here so my opinion will not be present
in the next comments I'm talking about
other people conservatives believe that
abortion is literally murder
it's murdering babies and it's happening
by the millions every year have you ever
been amazed the conservatives who are
armed to the teeth believed that murders
are happening by the tens of millions
babies they believe that babies are
being murdered by the tens of billions
in this country they're armed to the
teeth and they allow it in other words
there's no revolution now you get a
crazy person now and then who shoots an
abortion doctor but I'm not talking
about that I'm talking about in general
conservatives have not taken up arms
against the thing that they would
describe as tens of millions of babies
being murdered every year by the by the
state in a sense because they made it
legal now how can we have a stable
country with that going on and the
reason is the Conservatives have a
tremendous respect for the process the
process in this case is the Constitution
the Supreme Court our laws and as long
as the the process was followed even
though they didn't get the result they
wanted and even though they complained
bitterly about the Supreme Court making
up laws it still went through the
process and look at this look at the
power of that I mean there's an
incredible power to the fact
that conservatives will even under these
extreme extreme conditions what they
imagined to be tens of millions of
murders of babies they still stay you
stay within the system they don't leave
the system because that's the most basic
belief is that the system is the only
thing that can protect us all in the
long run because if you violate the
system everything falls apart it's chaos
whereas the people who are not
conservatives people on the left are
increasingly driven by hate and fear
that seems to be hate and fear and
that's not much of a system so it's no
surprise that they're not winning
winning the presidency recently okay
that's all I got
yeah the Conservatives are still
fighting for pro-life positions but
they're doing it within the system but
boom Scott one of your best threads ever
well thank you the fourth Holocaust is
abortion well you could say that in
China even more than the u.s. right I I
think there's massive abortion in China
so you could certainly make that case Oh
anything on Omar at Qatar yeah let's
talk about that I've been watching with
interest and I don't know if any of you
have noticed this that the the Imam the
Imam of peace is that what he goes by on
Twitter so I think I've got that right
the Imam of peace that's how he labels
himself on Twitter he believed he sang
that he has evidence that would tie Ilan
Omar representative Omar to funding by
Qatar and that would be a Middle East
connection
that would be super super bad were it's
exactly the way he's described it now he
has gone into great detail with his
various sources and I've been sort of
following it casually because I don't I
don't want to get too excited about it
until until what he's saying crosses
over into at least one of the major news
organizations and I don't think that's
happened yet so I keep watching for the
the sultan of the Imam of peace his
story about Omar to cross over into the
more fact-checked mainstream or or Fox
News kind of world and it hasn't and I
don't know why so I would say I'm gonna
put a big question mark on that story it
could be that you know we need to learn
a little bit more could be that Qatar
has too much control over I had over
what over the media here or something I
don't know what the reason is but for
some reason his story which looks
gigantic if true is not passing a
passing into the mainstream media so
just keep an eye on it
I'm not gonna say I would say my
understanding is that the source of this
is credible is that your understanding
as well by the way though so those of
you who are familiar with who I'm
talking about the Imam of peace would
you agree that historically that he's
credible he's not a conspiracy theory
guy at all
somebody here says do not trust the Imam
of peace well so where I'm at is you
should put a big question mark next to
it I'm not gonna tell you to trust him
or not trust him but if it doesn't ever
pass over into the professional news
organizations you're gonna have to ask
yourself why that why that didn't happen
yeah that's all I have for today I'll
talk to you later
[Music]