mmm pom-pom hey everybody come on in
here we got more news about Roseanne
it's getting interesting now all right
so if you haven't seen the latest news
and by a latest I mean just apparently
in last few hours
Roseanne has attributed her offensive
tweet about Valerie Jarrett to taking
ambien and tweeting at 2:00 a.m. how do
you believe the media and the world is
receiving this explanation from Roseanne
well they're not believing it that's for
sure but even better the the drug maker
who makes ambien said that so Sanofi
who makes ambien tweeted a response that
said quote while all Pharma queued all
pharmaceutical treatments have side
effects racism is not a known side
effect of any Sanofi medications and
very much like a court trial where where
you don't open up a line of questioning
unless you really want that line of
questioning opened up Santa Fe has
opened up the topic of whether their
drug could cause racism now I believe
that the site well not I believe yeah I
looked at Joe Rogan's article he are not
his article but he tweeted around a
Huffington Post story that talked about
the side effects of ambien and the side
effects of ambien are and by the way did
you know that the class of drug
the ambien belongs to are called and
this is the official name this is not my
funny name I'm putting on it
the official name for the class of drugs
the ambien in is in our hypnotics
hypnotics that that's the that's the
actual class of drugs now if you're
taking a hypnotic drug and there appear
appear to be a number of reports where
people did not make decisions the same
way a person not on the drug would make
for example people don't remember that
they were eating sandwiches that had you
know butter and a full egg with the
shell that they squished on the piece of
bread and they wake up the next morning
and they have no memory of it now if you
ask them B ambien the people of ambien
hey would your drug make somebody make a
sandwich and of a egg with its shell on
while you're asleep
they might say yes they might say no
they might say we don't know it's hard
to tell but one thing that I think that
everybody does agree on is that it
causes you to do things you wouldn't do
in your regular mind so let's compare
the two hypotheses we have in front of
us one Roseanne Barr knew she was
sending a offensive racist tweet and did
it anyway and then destroyed her life
and the lives of all the people she
loved completely intentionally because
anybody who sent a racist tweet would
certainly know that was going to happen
compare that to the alternative
hypothesis which she has provided
let's just look and see which one fits
the facts better number one is Roseanne
knowing known for saying things she
doesn't believe to be true I don't think
so I mean if anybody has some counter
evidence please send it to me but in
fact I think she has actually blamed
for being a straight shooter who maybe
should say less of the things that she
believes you know her critics would say
so the first bit of fact is would she
lie this seems to suggest that if she
said she was on ambien that was almost
certainly true based on her track record
she's not the kind of person we think I
mean again if you have any counter
evidence I would look at it but that she
probably was taking the drug which is
different than saying the drug was
responsible those are separate so I
think let me ask the jury you are the
jury I will prevent present the two
cases as adequately as I can
jury do you agree that the most likely
explanation of whether she took the drug
or not forget about what it caused or
didn't cause do you accept
into evidence that she took an ambien
and it was two o'clock in the morning
when she made the tweet go jury do you
buy the first piece of evidence as true
or at least most likely true all right
we're getting a lot of yes here okay now
so the first piece of evidence suggests
that she took it but this does not in
any way absolve her this is just a fact
in evidence certainly people take ambien
and make good decisions and certainly
they take ambien and make decisions that
are true to their nature so we so we
can't say that just because she took it
therefore or she wasn't in her right
mind now I can produce a witness but I
won't if I had to I suppose I could I
can produce a witness to say that my
first reaction to the story was not that
it was racist but that it was mental
illness in other words the tweet looked
to me
not so much like an example of obvious
racism even though that was the the
outcome right so on its face its
offensive and nobody defends it
including Roseanne right even Roseanne
doesn't defend the tweet so zero people
defend the tweet it had the effect of
being quite offensive but do you believe
that this is more likely or the
following story Story number one which
is more likely is it likely that she
didn't know she was sending a racist
tweet when you and I and everyone else
who saw it immediately said holy what
this is obviously trouble so let me
present this to the jury
do you find it likely that in her right
mind she would have sent that tweet even
if you are a racist and here's here's
the beautiful part even if you imagined
you know you're doing some mind-reading
you say well I I think she is a racist
and her secret thoughts even then would
she send a tweet which so obviously
would destroy her life and then the life
of all the cast members and all the
people who loved her even if she was a
racist now likely in fact yeah somebody
said maybe and I think that's a fair
answer right people do dumb things
people can be racist people can be
racist and then admit it so those things
happen but it's pretty unlikely so my
first reaction was gosh I see why it
looks exactly like racism you know
people should not be blamed for taking
it exactly that way again I disavow the
comment as does Roseanne but did it look
like it was something that came from a
sane person who knew what she was doing
you said no I
so we have in evidence or at least the
determination of the jury is that the
most likely explanation is that she
wasn't in her right mind and she's being
honest about that because somebody who
was who was in a let's say their normal
mind even if you think they're a little
crazy if her normal personality sort of
agreed with the tweet wouldn't she
defend it a little bit she's actually
publicly asked other people not to
defend it that's as much not defending
as you can get yeah you've been on
Twitter right what do people do when
they say something they meant to say and
then the rest of the world points it out
for being a terrible thing to say what
do people do almost every single time
they double down people who mean it or
even mean any version of it always
double down always double down cuz keep
in mind she already lost everything
there's not much to basically all she
has is her her honesty left right that's
that sort of the game right now because
she lost everything and it's not coming
back right she's not going to be back on
ABC so here's my problem the name of the
company that makes ambien is Sanofi I
want you to hear that name Santa Fe's
tweet saying our drug does not cause
racism brands her as a racist when they
predict when they create a drug which
clearly I think even they would agree
for some people causes them to make
judgments that you would never make in
your normal mind the obvious most likely
explanation is that she made a tweet
that she simply wouldn't have made in
her right mind and because
is a straight-shooter it's almost
impossible for me to believe it's
possible but it's almost impossible to
believe that Roseann in particular I
wouldn't say this about every other
person most people are big liars but
she's got a pretty long track record of
telling it like she thinks even if she's
wrong right so if she tells me that she
took an ambien and she made that tweet
I'm gonna believe that she has earned
that credibility now she did not earn
the credibility of being a racist or not
a racist because there are things that
people look at and you know you can't
read their minds and stuff like that but
for Sanofi to blame her for being a
racist and not take any responsibility
for their drug being even potentially a
contributing factor is one of the most
 up things I've ever seen in my
life
if you were going to compare the evil
what right what Roseann did was
offensive
she took full responsibility for it she
apologized and she asked other people to
not defend it alright that looks like a
person who knows that something happened
that shouldn't have happened and tried
to fix it now fix it but at least put it
in context let people understand what
was happening what Santa Fe did was the
most despicable thing I've seen in a
long time to brand her as a racist just
to get their corporate asses and of the
end of the heat it was clever I got to
say it was clever but it was despicable
despicable ambien you also made a big
persuasion mistake what you should have
done is stayed out of it now we're going
to talk about you like a bad lawyer
you've introduced into evidence
something you shouldn't have been
introduced into evidence now let's all
talk about the
with ambient because if it makes you
make decisions that are not your normal
decisions some of them are going to look
like you're a murderer some of them are
going to look like you like to eat eggs
with the shells on some of them are
going to look like you drove over people
that you didn't mean to drive over some
of them are gonna make you tweet things
that in your normal mind you never would
have tweeted because oh my god
anybody in the right mind can tell this
looks racist all right
Santa Fe you screwed up badly all right
I would have given ambien a pass I would
have said I get the pharmaceuticals have
side effects all right
but ambien for a lot of people
apparently solves a problem it's a
medical problem it's a calculated risk
if people are well-informed they can
take the risk or not we don't know how
big the risk is Matt or know how big it
is but you hear enough stories they have
to wonder about it but for them to say
that this was not caused by them it was
caused by her being a racist bastards
this is the company this should be this
should be driven out of business now I I
don't I don't support boycotts so I'm
not going to recommend a boycott but in
terms of corporate malfeasance I've
never seen worse that this is this is
this is a 10 and a 10 for Knob
malfeasance but corporate
irresponsibility corporate dickish
behavior corporate awfulness a level I
mean they're literally blaming the
victim of their frickin drug they called
somebody who is probably in my guess and
of course we don't know but I'm gonna go
with the the the interpretation that
makes most sense given the evidence we
have it looks like the ambien people
decided to blame Roseanne and label her
a frickin racist
for something they're drug likely we
don't know but given the evidence likely
was a contributing factor how many of
you have ever made a tweet when you were
not in your normal mind in other words
you drank you took a drug you were tired
you were angry has anybody done a tweet
that even after you looked at it you
said whoa
that's not my normal mind I wouldn't
have done that if I were a completely
awake and sober and everything all right
this is a common yeah very common so
Roseann has presented to you a common
far more likely explanation for what
happened compared to oh yeah I think
I'll just tweet some racist stuff while
I got a brand new TV show I don't see
how this could go wrong for a trump
supporter people that didn't happen now
we might not know exactly what did
happen I mean I always caution people
that just because you can't imagine the
alternatives doesn't mean they don't
exist it could be a failure of your
imagination but in this case she told us
the alternative and it looks pretty
likely the the the the story as it's
being reported of course is tinged by
politics so everybody's going to say
well Trump supporter or here he goes
it's clearly racist there you go
somebody says I kind of disagree with
you overall well I'm welcoming you right
now to give me just a quick reason it
doesn't have to be complete but tell me
what point you think is weak and what I
just said
I'm open to that yeah this is a brand
new thought for me and if if I'm getting
something wrong I'd like to know
Faiza
somebody said they should have said even
I am beyond isn't powerful enough to
cure racism well that would be the same
weasel play am i taking ambien now I
never would I would never take ambien
are you kidding me
it if you label a drug a hypnotic I'm
not putting that in my body yeah I don't
know how many hypnotist will take a drug
called a hypnotic but probably fewer
hypnotists are taking it than other
people if you know what I mean
so what yeah being God ended this was
instead of hey leave us alone
Rosen's a racist is a whole lot of
publicity that's only going to get worse
that there are serious side effects to
this drug real or alleged I'm no doctor
so I don't want to get sued so let me
just say as clearly as possible I don't
know what the side effects of any drug
are I'm not a doctor I haven't studied
anything but their own tweet said
pharmaceuticals have side effects so let
us accept their own tweet because
they're the experts that there are side
effects but we're going to be talking
about those ambien side effects quite a
bit now this also smacks of blaming
people who take drugs that they need
medically I don't know if she needed
this medically but people take it for
their health meaning that they they want
to sleep
so yeah what is what is the stock ticker
for that company it's a foreign company
I don't know who makes it
what company what country is somebody
Google that for me what country is sulla
fee in I don't have access to a browser
right now
so Scott would you agree liberal
liberals are treated differently than
conservatives differently but not worse
so there are things which conservatives
get accused of because it fits the
confirmation bias there are things that
that the Liberals the left get accused
of that fits their bias I don't think
one side is worse but they definitely
are different Santa Fe is French
somebody is saying several people are
saying so somebody says why do you not
support boycotts I support individual
people making individual choices
boycotts boycotts I have a I suppose
that I have an emotional reason on top
of whatever rational reason which might
be a rationalization if you're the type
of person whose job is the is the
subject of almost daily boycott threats
I rarely go a day without somebody on
Twitter saying hey everybody stop buying
Dilbert books it's the boycott is on
that's just sort of my everyday now and
I've lost probably you know a third of
my income to a half of my income it's
probably up to a half of my income
because of informal boycotts about some
somebody is mad about something taken
out of context that they think I said so
because it happens to me and I've seen
that when it happens
to me it's almost entirely based on fake
news that as soon as you get into that
boycott is a good thing attitude some of
them might be valid a lot of them are
gonna be based on fake news so you don't
want fake news driving the economy
unless it's fake optimism fake optimism
actually is a good way to drive an
economy because it makes people
optimistic and they invest but yeah you
wouldn't you wouldn't want to take down
a company with fake news and probably
the fake news is I don't know three to
one to the real news
so if boycotts become a thing you don't
have to worry about the slippery slope
because this that because it starts bad
you know three out of four on day one of
hey let everybody let's do boycotts day
one three out of four companies go down
with fake news that's not a country you
want to live in so now I expect you're
going to see lots of stories surfacing
about ambien related or at least alleged
ambien related problems that people had
so if this is what Soloff II had in mind
by calling Roseanne a racist that's what
they got so I would say this is not a
boycott situation so much as Karma they
did a really shitty thing by that that
response a super shitty thing like worse
than just about any corporate behavior
you know short of actually stealing
stuff
so I've got I always get these these
trolls who come on and they somehow they
do something where they can't be blocked
so if you're seeing some racists go by
in the comments and they they're
unblockable so I can I can select them
but the block thing isn't isn't active
so it's I think what they're doing is
they're coming in with a fresh account
that just you know comes in and does a
comment and then it turns off so if you
see them you can block them if you can
get there but they're not blockable they
have some kind of unblockable technology
going on Rosanna has a black son I said
true or do you mean on the show not on
the show does Rosanna actually have a
black son I don't know if that's true
but and it doesn't necessarily prove
anything right but it would be oh god
son okay so it would be a it would be an
interesting data point but again one
data point doesn't prove anything all
right
I've said what I've said what I need to
say somebody I just saw somebody in the
comments refer to ambien as the racist
drug sounds like a linguistic kill shot
to me the racist drug they brought that
on themselves did somebody say ambien is
now called the racist drug that's an
interesting nickname I wonder if it'll
be sticky
let's see fits with the confirmation
bias that might be a problem for them
because can you having had this
conversation can you imagine anytime in
the future that that that name comes up
that you're not going to say the racist
drug if you're if you're
spouse says I needed an ambien are you
going to say well don't take the racist
drug yes you are
who brought that on the Salafi the
makers of ambien Salafi brought that on
by by saying one of the worst things
I've ever seen a corporation say in
public so shoot one that Salah fee
that's all for now