let's see if we can have a Saturday show
that you deserve you deserve
it let me get my comments working
here all right everything's working
perfectly that's how I like
[Music]
[Music]
it good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization
Saturday edition if you'd like to take
your experience up to levels that nobody
can even understand with their tiny
shiny human brains all you need is a
cuper mar a glass of tanker chel to St a
canteen jugg or flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine h of
the day thing makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous Sip and
it's happening now go
ah well here's the good
news the good news is that it feels like
um at least for a day or so Trump is
slowed down and my brain is starting to
normalize oh my God my brain has been on
fire for the last the last few weeks so
many things to hear and listen to and
it's all interesting and I and I care
about it all and I'm just like on my
phone all day long look look it's
another thing there's another judge
there's another judge look it's another
lawsuit it's another judge and it looks
like it slowed down a little
bit so that feels good anyway after
Today's Show remember to join the after
show that'll be on Spaces hosted by Owen
Gregorian so look on Spaces on X that's
the audio product Audio Only and just
look for uh Owen Gregorian and you can
find his spaces right after the show
well here's a story in the New York Post
that I swear is an old story haven't we
talked about this one before there's a
Chinese zoo that uh admitted to painting
a donkey black and white to pass it off
as a
zebra haven't we heard that one before
and it makes me wonder how many other
animals are
fake it's like you
know is it possible that they've you
have done any plastic surgery on any
other animals to turn them into other
animals I don't know kind of wondered
well we didn't have any
Chipmunks but we did have this rat let's
just give him a little uh color job and
maybe a little plastic surgery on the
snout suddenly rat turns into a chipmunk
well nobody goes to the zoo to see a
chipmunks that's ridiculous why'd you
bring it up let's talk about the health
benefits of sa
and I want to see if this is real
science or backwards science backwards
science you tell me was the sauna
creating the following health benefits
or do the people who decide to use on us
and have the money and have the time are
they naturally the people who have fewer
health problems so here are the things
that according to Oliver anoir on acts
there's a research showing that uh if
you SAA four to seven times a week all
right how many people have the time to
SAA four to seven times a
week I would argue that these are not
the people who are working so hard and
we know that working all the time is bad
for you so right away you started saying
to yourself H these are people who have
a lot of leisure and they may have some
money because they can go to a sauna
instead of being
homeless so uh so if you use a SAA four
to seven times a week your risk of
Dementia in Alzheimer's is reduced by an
astounding 66% so it's good for your
mental health it's good for your immune
system um it's good for recovering from
athletic performance it's it's going to
help your cardiovascular and your blood
flow so what do you
think do you think that what we
discovered is that Sonos are really good
for you and I assume they are I'm sure
they are or did we discover that the
people who use saas are exactly the same
people who are doing everything else
that's good for
you do you think the people who use
sonas are also eating the most junk food
or are the people who do sauna 4 to S
times a week more likely to eat a
healthy diet are they more more likely
to do exercise well if one of the
reasons for doing it is to recover from
exercise maybe there's a little bit of a
selection by
there here's what they didn't do I don't
think that they had a control group of
people who were exactly like the other
people some of them used the sauna and
some didn't then they tracked them over
40 years I don't think that
happened so where do you think this
information about Sona is making you
healthier came
from I don't know but let me ask you
this who would have the most interest in
producing a study which would be
expensive a study about the health
benefits of saunas H who in the world
would have the financial interest to
want to do a big expensive study on the
health benefits of saas oh yeah could it
be the foxes are the ones counting the
chickens
again yes I don't know the answer to the
question but if I had to guess big sauna
did a
study and big sauna decided that a
controlled long-term study would be
really expensive and might not give them
the right answer so instead they just
compared people who have the luxury of
being able to sauna all the time with
the people who don't have that luxury
and found out that one group's healthier
how about that yeah how about that
surprise all data that matters is fake
it has to be because it's always the fox
counting the
chickens all right so Trump uh signed an
executive order according to the hill
he's going to strip funding from schools
that require the covid-19
vaccinations God that feels good doesn't
it don't you love the fact that the
school will be punished for requiring
people to get a CO vaccination
now wow um so that's just a feel-good
story um here's some new
according to New York Post so the Trump
Administration USDA Chief is looking at
the idea of food stamps being not
allowed for buying sugary drinks and bad
food now correct me if I'm wrong you
already can't use food stamps to buy
alcohol is that right if you tried to
buy alcohol and food stamps the grocery
store would say
uhuh so could they all also I don't know
if it's practical because the it it
would require the cashier I think to
decide whether the food stamp you know
is good enough for this but not good
enough for that where do you draw the
line do you draw the line at all
processed
foods because that would be reasonable
do you draw the line you couldn't do
that you you'd have to allow some
processed foods probably um could you
draw the line at no wheat you can't you
can't get any Wheat based products no
probably can't do that like even if you
believe that the wheat in the United
States is not so good for you compared
to other countries so I don't know how
they can implement this on a practical
level but I like the thinking and I like
the fact that they might take a run at
it good stuff
um so but would that create a secondary
market for food stamps H if you could by
junk how many people will sell their
food stamp at a discount to somebody who
needs it and then use the money from the
food stamp that they sold to buy a
sugary drink there'll be a little bit of
that so it'd be worth
trying uh according to the BBC an
article in Mental
Floss when AI does news summaries so if
you ask your your favorite AI summarize
the news on some topic according to the
BBC um it's going to get it wrong they
they looked at uh open AI Google Gemini
perplexity and Microsoft co-pilot and he
said that 51% of all AI responses had
major
errors
51% uh additionally 19% of AI answers
regarding BBC specific sources had
incorrect factual statements numbers and
dates and 13% of the quotes were made up
133% of the quotes were made up and
attributed to people now did they have
to do this study no they didn't they
just had to ask me I've been telling you
forever it's Gilman Amnesia all they did
is show that Gilman Amnesia is real
which we all knew if you know what's
true the news always looks fake it's not
the AI that they're they're trying to
blame the Ai No it's not the AI the news
in the
BBC is fake whenever you know what the
real story is the news on CNN is fake
whenever you know what the real story is
the news everywhere in every Outlet all
the time in every
case is
fake the only thing that's new is
knowing
it and so the BBC
which has exactly the same error
conditions as AI is acting like they're
the ones to check the
AI really you're the ones to check the
accuracy of the AI How about if the AI
did this experiment on the
BBC how about if we did it on just
things that I know personally I'm pretty
sure the BBC has written about me if I
did a search on what the BBC has said
about me how accurate would it be it
wouldn't be there's not a chance there's
not even a small chance that it would be
accurate according to me and I would be
the ultimate source of me so no there's
nothing in this story that tells you AI
is less accurate than the regular news
even the one where 133% of the quotes
were either altered or
absent well
absent from the origal that doesn't seem
like an error if there's just no quote I
don't know what that means if it's
absent but if it's an error
133% that's actually low because the
regular news misquotes people a lot more
often do you think the AI is misquoting
people more often than real humans no
even the real humans aren't even trying
to get real quotes they're trying to
fabricate a quote that fits the story
always it's always fabricated now
sometimes the real quote will fit their
narrative and and then they'll use it
but if they don't have a real quote that
fits the narrative they will make one up
that's how it works now here's the
bigger
question remember I've been telling you
something I haven't seen a single person
agree with me by by the way so here's a
prediction I keep making and not one
person that I've seen agrees with me so
I'm all alone it goes like
this the reason that um the AGI version
of AI which would be the you know the
the general intelligence the one that's
really the smart one that's smarter than
a human in the same way that humans are
smart that's going to be a problem
because how do we know it's
right the humans are going to decide if
it's right and if the humans don't like
the answer it gives they'll just
reprogram
it so if we created an intelligence that
knew more than us the first thing we do
is program it and degrade it so it
matched us because we start with the
assumption that we know what's true and
then we're seeing if the AI can get it
right we're never going to be out of
that model we're never going to say the
AI is right and we were wrong about
everything if you met people people
don't do that people say they're right
and everything needs to conform to their
view of what's right so no there's
probably no way that we can build a
machine that's smarter than people like
legitimately
smarter um now of course they will know
more things and calculate faster and you
can play chess better you know so
there's a whole bunch of things that are
more almost math-based or physics based
that of course of course it will be well
well better and more than people but if
it came up with an
opinion suppose they tried to tell you
history can you imagine the smartest AI
telling you the real history of World
War
II uh I'm going to stop right there if I
went any further I'd get canceled like
three times whatever you think about
World War II I'm pretty sure it's a
narrative I mean obviously World War II
happened but I don't really believe any
of the news about World War II or any of
the history you know I think maybe they
got the dates of the big battles right
you know the big stuff but the why
anybody did anything and what could have
happened and who was doing what behind
the scenes and what were people's
intentions and what were the secret
plots and and what did the good guys do
that were really bad but got erased by
history because they were the
winners it's all kind of
fake so if we came up with an AI that
somehow could tell us the real history
of anything I just picking World War II
as a you know a general reference well
if anything how about the history of the
United
States do you think we would allow an AI
to tell the history of the United States
it was fundamentally different from what
we've been brainwashing kids for
generations of course not of course not
the reason we brainwash kids is we don't
want them to know the actual truth we
want them to know the truth that makes
them better citizens and makes the
country stronger so what would an AI do
in that case say oh okay I get it we're
just brainwashing the people so I'll
make up some
stuff yeah how could how can you
possibly get to an AI That's smarter
than us when we would turn it off the
moment it started saying things that's
smarter than us Beyond you know math and
sciency stuff which will of course it'll
be
better
anyway
um apparently RFK Junior's already moved
to fire thousands of people in
hhis and
uh you we we knew that was coming but
5200 workers already being let
go um there's going to be a lot of
stories like this like there's this
department in the government and Doge or
whoever is firing lots of
people um so it's all going to start
this to sound the same but I don't want
to I don't want to lose how good it
feels that something's
happening that the good feeling I feel
when people are getting fired is not
Zeitgeist or now what not uh it's a
wrong word it it's not shoden Freud I
get my German words wrong it's not shot
and Freud where I'm just enjoying
somebody else's pain because I think
they have it coming it's nothing like
that I you know I have a lot of empathy
for the you know just regular workers
who go to work but I feel so good there
something that's difficult to do for the
government which is self- police and
reduce its own expenses that is actually
happening it's like one of the most
optimistic things I've seen in a long
long time
speaking of optimistic things there's a
uh a recording released of Jamie Diamond
Head of JP Morgan in which he's just
giving it to his employees some kind of
I don't know if it's a zoom or all
employees meeting or something and he is
just cursing up a storm he's dropping
the F bombs and you know the the other
bombs and he is criticizing his
employees for being on Zoom calls and
secretly checking their email not paying
attention he says it's bad for bad for
morale bad for creativity it's rude it's
you know it's it's going to make
everything less efficient he can't stand
it he thinks working from home is just
not only bad for the company but he
think it's damaging a entire generation
of young people and the more I thought
about that I thought oh my God he's
right when when I was in the regular
Workforce my cubicle days every now and
then it was kind of rare you know I'd
have a work at home day for one reason
or another I it was rare but but it
happened
and to me it was just a a way to do a
little extra work because I wasn't being
bothered so it didn't happen often and I
found that I was actually more
productive because it wasn't being
bothered but here's the thing that I was
not considering that Jamie Diamond did
consider and I think he's right on this
that if I had not spent all of my other
time in the
office then the work at home thing would
be a whole different deal imagine if I
didn't know my co-workers in person
imagine if I didn't have all the Casual
question answering and the brainstorming
that happens in the hallways and the you
know learning who's the good you know
the good bear and the bad bear and who's
just a waste of time and you who can get
things done who wants to work with me
finding somebody else who might want to
hire me you know do a little
networking these are all the things that
if you're only once in a while working
at home then the working at home is
really a plus you probably actually just
get more done you know and then you get
all the benefits of the human contact
and the you know The Accidental
connections and all that but imagine if
you're a young worker who's never really
spent much time in any
office and your entire experience is
waking up and going to your own living
room and sitting on the couch
and maybe you're doing work but you're
having no connections with other people
your company is sort of a meaningless
concept that puts a direct deposit into
your bank
account I can't imagine that you would
be killing it in terms of effectivess or
your own career or even your own mental
health and as much as I hate commuting
commuting is just the worst thing
ever uh the benefits of doing this
painful work iners thing
are pretty extreme and I think Jamie
Diamond is right on that he's correct
and he also talks about they're not
working long hours because when he tries
to call anybody who's allegedly working
at home they never answer the
phone every time he tries to call
somebody who's a working at home
nobody's there
um they're probably there but they can't
answer the phone because there's a like
there's a incriminating noise of where
they are but I would ask you this oh
then he also said that their own
headcount has gone up 50,000 in 5 years
and he says the only reason they needed
50,000 more people is because the people
they already hired weren't getting the
work
done now that that might be hyperbole
but there's probably something to that
because if they're doing exactly what
they always did but they needed 50,000
more
people that does kind of suggest that
maybe they've got a problem
so it was great hearing him frustrated
in calling that out um according to
Digital Trends Nadim sarir is writing
that meta you know the Facebook parent
there meta uh meta is going to go into
the robot business big time um but
they're going to focus on domestic
robots that help you home but and this
is really interesting I love watching
anything that uh Zuckerberg does
strategically because he doesn't get
everything right but as a strategic
long-term thinker he's pretty darn good
so when he makes a strategic long-term
big money
decision definitely gets my interest now
the whole meta thing of living in the
virtual world doesn't seem to be
catching on so you he may have gotten
that one wrong but his current thing on
robots is it's not going to be a meta
robot
So Meta will make a
robot or lots of them actually but they
won't be meta branded Robots part of it
uh this is speculated is that people are
already worried about data security with
Facebook so if you put basically a robot
connected to Facebook that's what it
would feel like uh if you put that robot
that's from the same company that's
already been snooping in all your
personal information you're going to
feel is that robot is spying on me like
if I say to my robot you know I need you
to go buy something is that thing going
to show up in my advertisements because
it went through the robot and then
suddenly my phone gives me an
advertisement for that product because
that would be
creepy and it's hard to imagine that the
robot wouldn't be looking for ideas to
sell you stuff it seems like it would
but here's the interesting part I
haven't gotten to it yet um what mea is
going to do is build the supply chain
for
robots so it wants to build all the
component manufacturing and I guess you
they would use their own AI software it
looks like maybe augmented somehow um
but they want to build a supply chain in
which they could sell any part of the
supply chain to anybody else so for
example I'm making this up but it's
roughly the idea so they would have part
of the supply chain with making let's
say a good robot hand but they would
sell that hand to anybody who wanted to
buy it you could put that hand on your
own robot or the company that makes it
good so that's kind of
clever to come up with the idea that
instead of being the robot maker you be
the maker of all the robots for all the
people and then you can have a piece of
everything so it's a little bit like you
know instead of being the Gold Miner
it's more like selling the pickaxe to
all the gold miners because most of them
are going to come up broke but they're
all going to need a robot
hand so it might be just the very best
way to diversify the robot risk because
there only going to be a few robot
winners so if you wanted to be the robot
winner you going to put a hundred
billion dollar into robots and you have
a one in 10 chance say you're the winner
is that worth doing hundred billion do
expense for a one in 10 chance that
you're one of the
winners or you build a whole supply
chain and everybody who's building
losing robots and winning robots say you
know it'd be easier just to buy your
robot hands you know instead of
inventing a whole new robot hand they
make a pretty good one it's just for
sale we'll just snap it on a robot
so I don't know if this strategy will
work of course but it's kind of
brilliant it's kind of brilliant I love
the the way it
diversifies very smart we'll see keep an
eye on that
meanwhile according to Tech crunch Julie
borts writing that there's a job ad uh
for one of the Y combinator startups
it's called fir crawl and they did a job
app opening for a AI
agent so there's an actual opening job
and they say we'd like to hire an
AI but has to be an AI agent that can
act
autonomously and then they describe what
it needs to
do now they did admit that that was part
PR you know to get some free attention
but they're also serious about it now I
don't think they think that AI is quite
there that that somebody could say hey I
just made an autonomous and by the way
they're going to pay it they would pay
it a salary of1 to
$15,000 per
year oh you know what it says a salary
of 10 to1 15,000 but I can't tell if
that's per month or per year it's a
little
unspecified uh but in any case even if
it's per month it would be cheaper than
a lot of Engineers so if you can get uh
an AI
agent that is sufficiently good and
accurate that you could hire it as an
employee I'll I'll buy one I will hire
one so if anybody can make this product
there would be a generic AI agent that
could just do a job autonomously you say
okay make sure you do this every day or
you research this every day I think it
would be used for research and then you
know summarizing the research or
something uh I could use one so if
anybody makes one I'll I'll hire
it
um so Taiwan says it's going to pour
more money into uh the US I think that
means specifically for chip
manufacturing uh and it's because of the
Trump tariff
threats so the Daily colar News
Foundation is writing about this um and
is this yet another example of where
tariff threats
worked because if we really did bring
the you know some important part of the
chip business to America doesn't that
first of all make
Taiwan less
safe if if we have less Reliance on them
for
chips are we going to protect them in
the future as hard as we have in the
past or is all of this sort of everybody
acknowledging that
eventually China and Taiwan will in fact
be one country and not just on
paper I feel like it's inevitable I I
feel like location is just Destiny how
in the world could Taiwan be independent
forever I just don't think it's a thing
now of course I like Taiwan and I I
would like them not to be crushed by big
China and have to put up with any of
that so I'd love to figure out there's
some way they can work that out in the
long run I still like the 100-year plan
just say yeah we agree we're we're on
the same page just make it 100 years and
then you don't have to think about it
for a
while so let's do that so we're
reminded um I saw a post reminding us
that um Clinton and Gore had done
something much like Doge how many of you
remember that that Al Gore in particular
was doing a project called Reinventing
government did did you all know do you
all remember that well I didn't realize
how successful it was because um over uh
in the first weeks Clinton cut 100,000
government
jobs do you remember that I don't
remember that actually and then over
eight years Clinton cut 380,000 federal
jobs a 16% decrease and he managed to
run a budget
surplus for the first time in
decades Clinton ran a budget surplus now
what's not included in the article is
this this was the do
frenzy so the do com era sort of made it
a little bit easier to get your tax
space up because the economy started
roaring in a way that was sort of
unrealistic you know it pulled back
eventually but during that time money
was just growing on trees in the economy
because of the do com
Revolution so how many of you know my
connection to this does do anybody I
know I've told the uh people in locals
but I'll tell the rest of you so during
the Clinton Gore years the Dilbert comic
was reaching its peak so it was the it
was the big dilber frenzy about that the
same time and it turns out and I think I
can tell you this story because so many
years have gone by um that the the
speech writers in Alors he was vice
president so his speech writers were
some dilbur fans and they'd read one of
my books the dilbur future and um I was
giving a speech in Washington just
unrelated just a paid speech happened to
be in Washington
and they noticed the publicity for it
and saidwell if you're going to be in
Washington why don't you stop by the
White House and we'll give you a tour
and I thought really cool so I I got
like a a personal tour of the White
House you know during during working
hours which is just about the coolest
thing in the world you know I'm standing
outside the Oval Office but you know I I
couldn't couldn't go in they put a
little uh put one of these little velvet
ropes in front of the door so even if
you wanted to like take a step in you
can't do it but you can look in if the
president's not there and he
wasn't and and as we're looking around
I'm seeing all the cool stuff in the
cool rooms and you know I'm just I'm
just blown away by how cool it is to see
the actual white house inside and then
somebody runs down the hallway because
I've been told that if the vice
president was um in the office and they
weren't sure if he would be that uh you
know maybe I could meet him and I knew
that alore was a dilber fan I knew that
because um his staff had requested a
dilber comic that mentioned him once so
he actually had a dilber comic on his
wall in the office
and um but I thought well I mean just
because I'm stopping by the Vice
President isn't going to you know change
his schedule to say hi to me and then
somebody comes running down the hallway
when my little private tour was
over and starts Whispering into the ear
of you know my guides for the
day and then I'm told the what do they
call it the votus or something I think
that's what the vice president of the
United States is
votus um they said votus if that's right
doesn't sound right when I say it they
said he wants to see you and I said what
yeah he heard you were in the building
he wants to say hi and I thought
seriously that's how that works he just
heard him in the building and he wants
to say hi all right so I so I get
escorted down to the uh there's sort of
a secretarial assistant area outside the
vice president's office and his office
has this big like intimidating door like
it's not a regular door yeah it's closed
but it looks like it's maybe a bomb door
or a security door or something like it
I kind of half remember that the door
was almost to the ceiling or something
maybe it wasn't but I'm standing outside
the door and this is the door to the
vice president's office I'm thinking to
myself is that door going to open and
the vice president of the United States
is going to walk out and say hi to me is
that really going to happen like in the
real world is this going to happen and
all of a sudden the door starts
opening and Al Gore walks out walks
directly over to me you know extends his
hand and he introduced
himself now that instant L made me like
him he's the vice president of the
United States and he goes hi I'm
alore I love that I love the fact that
you know one of the most famous people
in the world but he starts by
introducing
himself so
he's so here's the first thing you need
to know uh privately you like in person
I like them like them a lot and then he
says do you have a minute
I'm like uh you what am I going to say
no so I go sure he goes can you come in
and talk to me about something and I
thought really
sure so I go in his office and I was I
was with actually somebody I was
traveling with not traveling with but a
friend of mine who lived in the city so
we both went in and we're sitting in
front of uh his office was sort of a
long room where there's a a desk on one
end but on the other end there's like a
sitting area with a little fireplace so
he was sitting in the little sitting
area by the fireplace and he says he's
working on this project called
Reinventing government which of course I
knew because it was in the news and he
said that the problem is that when he
tries to explain it to the public it's
all boring because it's stuff like well
we decreased this by 4% and we automated
this thing you never heard of you know
it's all that stuff so he said I have to
do a report I think maybe once a year or
something like that he said can you help
me make the report fun you know can we
add some dilber Comics to it that are
you know made just for this
purpose now I had just hit my Peak
Dilbert popularity and I was smart
enough to say uh I can't do that because
the moment I attached Dilbert to one
political team I would lose 50% of my
market do you remember what Michael
Jordan said about
conservatives they buy a lot of
sneakers so I took the Michael Jordan
approach which is you know conservatives
buy a lot of dilber books so thank you
but
no and then I offered that uh Comics
were the wrong approach anyway which
they were so if you put a comic in there
where you try to make it jokes it's not
going to turn into a joke book that
people want to read it because it's
funny like you're never going to reach
that standard so it's going to look a
little
unserious and the jokes might actually
detract from what was really good work
as you can see I just told you the the
Reinventing government thing worked it
was actually an improvement in a lot of
stuff so uh I said but I can set you up
with somebody who has exactly the right
skills to write this thing so that it's
really easy to understand and you can
really get the point and you won't get
lost in the complexity but there won't
be any humor in it so he took that offer
and I hooked him up with um an expert
that I'd worked with before who was just
really really good in user interface
design because the book was basically
user interface to tell people some
information and so the the book that
they produced was was uh at least
indirectly with my help
so that was my little
brush with history anyway so I thought
I'd tell you that
um now fast forward to Elon Musk and
Doge think how boring it would be to
hear about all the things Doge was doing
if it were not called Doge and didn't
have Elon Musk and didn't have a and
didn't have Trump who are just naturally
hilarious and provocative and
interesting no matter what they do so
all the things that gor was trying to
solve which was it's just too boring to
tell the public what you're
doing that's been solved by musk and
Trump by personality alone but the
strength of their personalities is that
unlike Gore who could be kind of somber
and
serious everything they do is
interesting the it's impossible for musk
or Trump to have an uninteresting day
they just can't do do it so um I not
only have the problem that I do pay
attention to all the Doge stuff but I
pay attention so hard it's it's hurting
like it gives me a headache by the end
of the night because I like it so much
it's just so attractive like really you
did that really you said what what who
what all day long so they they've
definitely solved the how to make it
interesting meanwhile Rick grenell was
asked in Germany
uh if he might run for a governor of
California and his answer was that if
Harris
runs uh he would get into it because
quote if KL Harris runs for governor I
believe that he has such baggage and
hundreds of millions of dollars in
educating voters of how terrible she is
oh that's such a good frame um that it's
a new day in California and the
Republican actually has a
shot look how perfect this is the that
she's already spent hundreds of millions
of dollars in educating voters how
terrible she
is you know I always tell you that the
the difference between genius and humor
is very small because in both
cases um your ability to summarize
without and just leave out everything
that doesn't matter it's kind of one of
the tricks of humor is what you remove
to to have that you know simple kernel
of hilarious truth but it's also what
you do if you're a
genius you see mus do it all the time um
you see Andre do it you see David saaks
do it so the people were the smartest
Viv you see him do it you see JD Vance
do it so all the ones who are super
smart can can summarize things the way
grenell is also super smart so I just
love this hundreds of millions of
dollars and educing the voters of how
terrible she is you couldn't say that
with fewer words
and make it just so perfect so it's one
of the reasons we like him he's got lots
of skills so I don't know how serious he
is about running for governor it could
be you just use it as a you know a way
to put in a little shiv which would be
funny enough but I'm I think he has a
chance I think
California is at the point where if a I
I'll just have to say it because it's
just part of the story whether you like
it or not but a gay
conservative brilliant effective person
with lots of the right experience well
connected to the federal government
which needs to be a form of funding for
the state going
forward maybe it's time the there there
isn't much that would have made me think
a republican could win in
California but could Rick grenell win I
tell you one thing the the conservatives
in California would be completely down I
mean we would be all in on that so I
hope
so I hope so we'll
see well in other news I think this is
true um I waited a while to talk about
it because I wasn't sure if it was a
prank or maybe I was understanding it
wrong but uh you might know if you're on
X Ashley stclair
from The Babylon B and uh
well-known conservative leaning um
social influencer writer humorist
Babylon B uh she announced that five
months ago she had Elon Elon musk's
baby so she's joined the uh Elon Musk
baby making uh machine now um and you
know I wish I wish her the best so
the only thing that that interests me
about it is aren't you
curious how many others there are who
just haven't mentioned it like is is
musk going for the uh uh the jengis Khan
record you know isn't there some like
incredible number of people who are
related to Jenis Khan because he was
impregnating women for you know his
entire
life I feel like someday
we're going to find out that there are
like thousands
of thousands of Elon babies and he only
mentioned a few of the baby mam so we
think it's you know we think there's a
dozen but maybe there are
thousands I don't know anyway good luck
Ashley according to Fox News and you've
heard this a million times there's yet
another poll that shows liberal women
are the most
unhappy so uh this written by Elizabeth
Heckman and Christine Parks Fox News now
again how could they have saved some
money on this study oh yeah next time
just ask
me I think we all know this don't we
hasn't every study shown the same thing
I mean it's you know granted this is the
kind of thing where maybe the science
isn't perfect but every study seems to
point in the same direction on this so
liberal women between 1840 are three
times as likely as
conservatives uh women in the same group
to report frequent feelings of
loneliness huh I wonder why the
group that uh chooses identity
politics would be more lonely could it
be because a part of identity is if
you're a woman you're not a man and so
everybody who isn't you is oppressing
you who want to be around that of course
they're less happy um and liberal women
are the least likely report being fully
satisfied um now unfortunately there
aren't that many people who are fully
satisfied in general but according to
some American Family survey 37% of
conservative women are fully satisfied
and 28% of moderate women now seems like
that should be higher you know you you'd
like to think that maybe at least
60% are fully satisfied but
37% but it's way bigger than the liberal
women the same age which is uh 12% so
12% of liberal women said the same
thing
um and it said that uh we've seen in
research that conservative women tend to
be more likely to embrace a sense of
agency meaning that they have control
over their own lives and uh and don't
feel like a victim you know maybe it's
that
simple if you define yourself as a
victim in a world that's you know just
doing stuff to you how could you
possibly be fully satisfied but if you
said yeah it's a mean world but I have
the power to carve my way through it and
you know make a life that works for me
and then you go and do
it that does feel like that would be
more satisfying so maybe it's just that
the victim versus the sense of
agency the US Army has announced that
will no longer allow transgender
individuals to join the military and
it's going to stop performing procedures
associated with gender transition for
the ones are there still I guess there's
still members in the
military I assume the Army is just one
of the uh one of the military that's
going to do the same thing I think they
all have to do it right there's the uh
new executive orders require each of the
parts of the military to do the same
thing now I don't know if I've talked
about this specifically
but um oh there's a let's see Elon Musk
is saying
something uh yeah I'll talk about that
in a
second but as much as I uh want the
adult let's just focus on adults
um as much as I want adult trans people
to live their life the way that they're
the happiest the fact is that the
military is the one place where
discrimination is completely allowed now
if you discriminate stupidly in a way
that doesn't help the military well we
shouldn't do that so for example uh
integrating you know different races in
the military worked right so that was
one that would be a bad form of
discrimination if you kept doing it
because once we stopped doing it we made
it
work uh but trans I'm told I'm no expert
on trans it introduces a whole level of
extra
medical um complications now I'm no
expert so if somebody wants to say
that's not true there's hardly any
complication at all um you know I'll
listen to that but people who have been
close to it say yeah there's a whole lot
of sick time and you know you got to
adjust stuff and you got to fix stuff
and things go wrong I don't know that
but if that's true that would be
sufficient reason to to make an
exception and say okay we don't want to
have um this level of being not
available you know remember the military
isn't going to hire a Blind
Pilot and nobody argues about that right
the military is not going to say oh body
positivity you can be 400 pounds and
join the military nope
nope you can't be four feet tall and
join the mil military nope but again I
hope that everybody who's 4 feet tall
has a good life I hope that you know
everybody has a good life it's just that
the military is the one
place that I think we all agree a little
bit of discrimination is the right
play you know even even if it doesn't
allow people like me to join which it
doesn't I'm I'm a certain age where of
course I cannot join the military so
yeah a little bit of discrimination in
the military is different from
discrimination anywhere else as long as
they're doing it to stay on Mission and
they're not doing it for any other
reason well on Joe Rogan he said
something that you was talking to Adam
Curry and Rogan said something that I'd
never thought of before but it's very
interesting so you know how the
government now can uh listen to any
communication there's basically nothing
they can't Snoop on if they want to and
now the Trump Administration has
control of the tools to Snoop on
everybody for
everything now imagine as Joe Rogan
speculates imagine if you will that the
government is trying to figure out what
happened to the trillions of dollars
that seem to be missing and the the
money that clearly is misspent is it
possible that any of that created the
what would it be the predicate or the
legal the legal trigger that they could
be legally monitoring a lot of people to
find out where the trillion went or
where this or that went wrong now I
don't know so I don't think
automatically that we're just listening
to everybody all the time just for fun I
think you'd have to have a you know a
genuine suspicion about somebody but Joe
Rogan points out that it may make it
impossible for Democrats to coordinate
their next response or their next hoax
or their or their excuses because they
never know if they're being wiretapped
now because clearly they don't trust the
Trump Administration the Democrats don't
anymore than conservatives trusted
Democrats to not be looking at their
stuff we basically don't trust the other
side with our privacy and it's probably
the right instinct
so is it possible that whether we're
listening to anything or not that
Democrats don't know how to proceed
because they'd have to talk to
somebody and they just don't know how to
do it now uh Joe also pointed out Joe
Rogan that uh you have to worry about
whistleblowers so what if you have a
meeting with somebody say all right
here's the thing you know we're going to
create this new hoax or we're going to
do this new dirty trick well if if you
need five people involved can you be
sure that one of them
won't you know drop the dime on you
become a whistleblower so it's possible
that the Democrats are a little bit
crippled by their own fear of who they
can talk to about what and I'd never
really thought about that before but
that might actually be a variable that's
that's uh potentially
big well here's the uh I guess you call
it the Groundhog Day news uh a federal
judge just blocked something no a
federal judge just unblocked something
no a federal judge just blocked
something but then it was unblocked but
then it was blocked for a certain time
but it wasn't really blocked it was just
delayed but then it wasn't delayed it
was unblocked but then it was blocked
and banned and banned and blocked and
then unblocked and banned and
unblocked so that's all the legal news
you need I have no a idea what's
going on with all these
judges but here's another one a federal
judge just sided with musk and Doge and
rejecting an effort to block them from
accessing government Information Systems
so Nick sord reporting on
that so that's good so they're they're
not they're not blocked from getting
into the technology systems that's a big
big deal
but um I think they get Block somewhere
else see there's another judge story
here H we'll get to
it but I I can't keep track of all the
judges uh what we do see there seems to
be a very clear pattern that the judges
that are blocking Doge are all
corrupt they either have a family member
who's who's benefiting from corruption
or has some connection to USA or a
family member who's like a you know a
well-known own fundraiser for Democrats
or something like that like like all of
them have
some clearly and obviously conflict of
interest I mean it just looks like pure
corruption to
me
anyway uh Department of Homeland
Security has already moved 12 sisa
employees so sis is the uh cyber cyber
it's a cyber security agency that
policed misinformation
so do you think cisa was policing
misinformation because that was their
mission no they were censoring
conservatives let's be honest they were
sensory
conservatives um so 12 of them got fired
according to the New York
Post
and what what were they doing instead of
um so when they were when they were
policing
misinformation what was not getting done
was there anything that it wasn't
getting done because they were out there
policing all the
misinformation well yes um they weren't
working on Election
security so the thing they could have
been working on instead of censoring
conservatives they they could have been
working on improving election
security now I don't know if it's one
for one as in election security was
totally ignored while they did these
other things but the way the the story
is framed it makes it seem like they
stop doing the only thing we desperately
need election security and spending all
their time doing the one thing we don't
need which is telling us what
information is true and what's not
especially if it if if you're not
true uh so here's a story that's a
little too on the
nose I think it's true so according to
the guardian uh the Mexican president
Claudia Shin bomb has warned that if the
if the United States continues to label
the cartels as
terrorists uh that she'll have to
respond with reciprocal
action
wait did I just say that the government
of
Mexico is going to take the side of the
cartels and punish America for being mad
at the cartels and trying to shut them
down they literally Lally you're taking
the side of the cartel now I I do
understand if they said things like oh
we're a sovereign country you can't
bring your military down here and you
know attack we'll do it we'll do it you
don't have to do it we'll do it no that
I would get that would be a sensible
thing for a country to do we wouldn't
believe that they would do anything but
it would be a sensible thing to say
here's what I don't
understand why would they just threaten
the United States for going after the
cartels
it really looks exactly like they work
for the cartels
which I guess they do I mean I don't
have any specific information but how
could you really be in charge over there
unless you're working with the
cartels I don't
know so the
uh and I guess what the Mexican
president is warning that she would do
something about going after us gun
makers because the US gun makers are the
reasons there are so many guns in Mexico
so the guns are coming from the United
States now I do see why that's a problem
and I do see that she might want to do
something about it but why are they
connected shouldn't she say oh not only
do we want to get rid of the cartels
thanks for the help of United States but
we'd like to help you even further by
helping you figure out how to stop the
gun flow from your country to ours
shouldn't she be on our side on both of
the those
things stopping the guns and also
stopping the
cartels why would she use the one thing
against the other thing other than the
cartel's controller I can't think of a
reason so I don't have any facts to back
up that speculation but it sure looks
like it in every
way all right
um so the American Bar
Association according to the FTC
chairman so now this is a trump
Administration action um the FTC is
prohibiting the FTC political appointees
from holding leadership positions in the
ABA participating in ABA events or even
renewing their
membership and the FDC will stop
expending any sources to facilitate any
employees membership in the ABA so I
guess the idea is that the ABA is a a
liberal Bastion of trouble and so the
government and saying we don't want to
have anything to do with you you're just
bad
entities so we'll see where that
goes uh James Carville continues to be
fun talking about how Democrats are
useless and he said uh he talk about uh
how Democrats have no idea how to be
Trump and he says quote and I don't know
how you accentuate I don't know what
that means do you oppose one thing so
he's talking about how do you how do you
oppose Trump he goes do you oppose one
thing
do you oppose all five um because he's
talking about the the flood of things
coming too quickly he goes do you oppose
one thing do you oppose all five is IT
personnel issues is it policy issues he
goes I'm struggling here a little bit so
maybe some of our really smart viewers
he was on some podcast can help us
untangle a little bit he said it's
really Tangled now because no one knows
where to land it's all too
incomprehensible so that's what I was
talking about when I'm talking about
Doge all the the lawyer doing this and
the lawyer doing that and this
department doing that and that
department it's
incomprehensible and and I I even put
the time in to try to comprehend it
Imagine The Casual viewer of news they
have no idea what's going on but it
sounds good oh you're cutting waste in
the government all right blah blah blah
this department blah blah blah that
lawyer I don't get any of that but what
did you say first cutting expenses got
it blah blah blah details blah blah blah
Constitution I don't understand any of
that but you're cutting waste right
yes so people are going to like that
part anyway um so he says that uh he
says Steve Bannon is right we're flooded
in and we're searching for a way to
deal with this uh these are
extraordinary difficult
times so he was referencing the fact
that Bannon had said back in 2018 I
think other people people had been on
the same page here back then that the
way to deal with the media is to flood
the Zone with
shite so that's definitely what's
happening musk and Trump are quite
intentionally flooding the zone now it
has multiple advantages so the the doing
everything fast um isn't just about
flooding The Zone it does have that
Advantage but it's also the way you
should do it you should move fast and
break things and then fix whatever you
broken as you need to
uh otherwise you just get bogged down it
has to be high energy High attack High
error it's the only way forward and it
has that second advantage of making the
making the bad guys look like they don't
know how to work and the public just
says I don't know what you guys are
doing but if you're cutting expenses and
you're working all night and you're
sleeping on the floor and the smartest
people in the country are working on it
and they're making progress I know I
hate that
I don't hate that at all so everything
about the uh Doge Trump
strategy is just brilliant that from top
to bottom everything about it works as a
machine even the Supreme Court approval
is going up a little bit according to
the hill so now the Supreme Court's
approval rating is above 50% for the
first time since
20122 now what would cause
that now part of it is that and
decisions about abortion are now further
in the rearview mirror so that probably
makes a difference but do you think that
there's just a a general leaning of the
public toward the conservative side or
maybe toward the middle and that um
respect for the Supreme
Court can return just because people are
sort of getting away from the craziest
part of you know the political scene so
maybe it's just a general statement
about how the the country's feeling
about the left versus the right in other
news you probably knew that
Jay-Z was accused of some horrible sex
crime and that case has been dropped
according to
CBS um I won't get into what it was but
involved a a young person and it was a
terrible
accusation and uh and now it's dropped
it was voluntarily dismissed with
prejudice so here's the context that
only I can add if you're a normie as in
not a celebrity you don't really
understand how often celebrities get
falsely accused of sex crimes it's
pretty much
routine so if you said to yourself well
I mean somebody went through a lot of
trouble to accuse Jay-Z so therefore
probably true I think probably
not possibly true but but just the
accusation if the only thing you knew is
that somebody was accused of a a sex
crime and the person involved said I bar
I don't even know who that
is probably didn't
happen probably didn't happen now I'm
not excusing any sex crimes so if there
are any dumb people in NPC is watching
and you're saying did he just excuse sex
crimes no I'm not I'm just saying that
you don't understand how how
often these accusations are completely
made up so I'm going to give Jay-Z the
American benefit of a doubt the legal
system has dropped it we don't know I
mean you could speculate there was some
pressure on the accuser we don't know
one way or the other but uh given the
high rate of false accusations in this
exact domain and the fact that it was
dropped benefit of a doubt
innocent to proven guilty and it doesn't
look like he's going to be proven
guilty
um here's a thing that I've been telling
you was going to happen for a long time
according to scitec
daily
um scientists discovered that your
cerebral cortex doesn't just react to
the world it predicts what's coming
next so your cerebral cortex isn't just
watching it's continuously predicting
what happen happens next now that's what
I've been waiting for because we're very
close to proving that we live in a
simulation and all the parts are sort of
on their own or sort of coming together
in a whole different whole bunch of
different ways but this is a big one
because it explains
Consciousness now I have my own
definition of Consciousness which does
not match anybody
else's and I was waiting for this this
is what I was waiting for I was waiting
for a
confirmation that there's a part of the
brain that predicts because here's my
definition of
Consciousness it's the difference
between what you predict is going to
happen and what does What You
observe if everything that happened is
exactly what you predicted you would
lose Consciousness
instantly and you and you can test that
because in your own environment so I'm
sitting in my office with a whole bunch
of things that are not
changing so there's a there's there's a
cabinet over there my expectation is it
will look exactly the same in 10 minutes
nothing will be different and everything
else in the room nothing will be
different the only thing that's
different is your comments that are
streaming
in
and you know the the visual thing that
I'm seeing of myself while I do this so
my Consciousness is 100% on the things
that are changing because the things
that are changing are the only things I
have the possibility of what I predict
is going to happen not matching what
happens everything else in my
environment I'm unconscious to because
they're not going to ever change so what
I predict about them I know will be the
same as what happens I mean I don't know
no but it's pretty safe bet so you are
not conscious of anything you think
isn't going to change and you're correct
about it you're only conscious of things
you can predict what's going to happen
and then you watch what's happening and
what makes uh humans do better than
other creatures is that the degree of
Consciousness the degree of predicting
and then seeing how it's different
because if you predict and then you're
wrong then you have much better insight
about how to adjust it oh wow I was
wrong about that rethink it rethink it
try something else until you get predict
predictability so we're always going to
get predictability we're we're striving
for it and that's Consciousness it's the
only purpose for it it's not magic it's
just a simple little trick of the brain
so that we're more able to solve
problems we predict and then we can
solve them sometimes in advance based on
our prediction and then if we're wrong
we say whoa that didn't work look at the
difference between the prediction and
the outcome basically that's the it's
the basis of science right science is
looking at the difference between your
hypothesis and your outcome
so the first thing you need to know is
that Consciousness is not special it's
special because humans seem to have the
most of
it uh if you notice that your dog
definitely seems conscious and your dog
too can predict
you see that your dog can predict when I
when I walk into the kitchen my dog
thinks H that's where I get treats so
the dog comes into the kitchen so the
dog is also has an idea of what the
future looks like and then operates
based on that and if I don't give the
dog a treat what happens I can tell that
she has some tension just like humans
when things don't go the way we expect
we get tension and then we want to get
rid of the tension by solving it so that
our world becomes predictable
again so Consciousness is nothing but
the difference between your prediction
and your
observation that's
it um there's similarly there's a new
study from not new study but article in
Popular
Mechanics that according to some of the
scientists not all of them but some of
the scientists in the quantum
realm um you're thoughts can change the
past now we know in the quantum world
that things
don't really exist until they're
observed so as weird as that sounds
that's generally scientifically accepted
you know I I think everybody accepts
that at this point that uh Until You
observe something it's just a
probability and then once observed it
becomes solidified
forever but now it's going
further that that you could change your
own
past all right I'll turn off your
comments um you can observe your own
past in other words or you can actually
change your past by what you're
thinking
now I
think this is proof that we're a
simulation
because one of the proofs I was looking
for and again proof is too strong a word
but one of the one of the pieces of
evidence would be if the present can
create the past because if we're a
computer software simulation we would it
would be almost impossible for any
computer to hold all the complexity of
all the history of everything that's
ever
existed I can't imagine any computer
that could do it and if you could do it
you probably wouldn't do it it if you're
building a simulation you would say well
the past exists when somebody looks into
it but if they don't look into it it's
just not there so the specific example
would be if you go to dig a hole in your
backyard and nobody's ever dug a hole in
that place so nobody knows what's below
the surface you're seeing it for the
first time as you're digging the hole
according to my view of the world the
hole is created just as you dig it
doesn't exist in a in a steady state it
doesn't collapse its probability until
you see
it now that would save tremendous amount
of processing but it would also explain
why you and I don't agree about the past
because think about how hard it would be
if I dug a hole in my backyard and then
I had an idea about the past but it had
to match everybody else's ideas that
have ever dug nearby Etc it would be too
hard
so instead you would say all right if
I'm writing this simulation and I want
to save capacity I'll just say your
memory doesn't have to match mine and
that's what we
observe that one person's memory doesn't
match anothers even when I talk about
things that happen in my childhood one
of my siblings will say that didn't
happen that happened to somebody
else now usually since my memory is not
that good I I just assume the other
person's
right which is a good bet but in the
real world we all disagree about what
the past is and that's the only way you
can handle all the pasts being so
different is just allow them to be
different and people just say well
you're wrong and then the other person
says no you're wrong and that that's the
end of it you don't have to solve it you
can just agree that you have a different
idea what the past was
so so that happened
um and I think the the odds of us being
a simulation are pretty close to 100% at
this
point all right um over in Ukraine
there's a story in the defense
post um that uh Ukraine has developed
this drone front line and what it is is
basically a bunch of unmanned drones
that can control a part of the the front
you know the military front and
basically you would just watch what's
happening and kill anything that started
moving it looked like an enemy
so if this really works which I'm not
sure it does but if it really worked it
would look like Skynet
small
Skynet you know the fictional version of
Skynet from Terminator movies was a
bunch of flying machines that would look
for humans and kill them wherever they
found them
that's exactly this it's a bunch of
flying machines that would autonomously
I think on their own just that part I'm
not sure about I think it's on their own
but maybe not uh would kill anybody
who's in that zone because they would
just make sure that their own soldiers
were never in that zone or they'd turn
it off if they were so I think it's just
basically uh putting a hat on the front
lines and saying anybody who's under
this hat we're just going to kill you
and that would be what the future of
military looks like now let's go back to
the real
world in the real world Ukraine and
Russia are getting ready to negotiate
some kind of
Peace in that environment wouldn't you
expect a whole bunch of positive stories
about Ukraine's military future it's
like oh sure Russia Russia was winning
up till now but now we've got this whole
new Skynet thing locally so you couldn't
possibly gain another inch so you might
as well negotiate a good piece that we
can live with
so I don't believe anything about
this um it could be they're working on
it could be that works a little bit but
I don't think they found a way to
completely control the front line with
drones someday definitely someday but
it's a little bit too on the nose that
just when we get into the negotiating oh
look we've got some magic technology
that would do what nothing's ever done
before
maybe maybe H I just don't buy it
yet anyway that's all I got for today
make sure you join uh Owen gregorian's
after show um I'll just say a few words
to the locals people uh when I'm uh done
with the rest of you but uh in a few
minutes Owen Gregorian will fire up a
spaces event on X for anybody who wants
to keep talking about this sort of stuff
and I'm going to say bye to everyone on
Rumble and x and YouTube and we'll talk
to the locals people just
quickly all right everybody see you
tomorrow same time same
place
e
e
e e