[Music]
my bum hey everybody come on it it's
gonna be one of the best coffees with
Scott Adams of all time that's right
representative Matt gates will be
joining me if our technology works the
way I hope but first get in here get in
here we got all kinds of stuff to talk
about the world is spinning around and
things are getting out of control but
between all of you and me and my
upcoming guest
Matt Gage we're gonna work this all out
we're gonna figure it all out before we
do that though what do we do first
yeah that's right it's called the
simultaneous sip and all you need is a
cup of micro glass the tanker
challengers die and a canteen jug or
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite lipid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine the end of the day
the thing that makes everything better
including the economy including the
coronavirus including racial divide it's
all better a little bit just a little
bit it happens that with a simultaneous
have to go uh-huh uh-huh that's
definitely better all right let me check
my technology here all right in a moment
we'll have a representative Matt Gaetz
joining us I have a little update for
you while we're waiting for him to get
on and the technology is always you know
a little hard to navigate we'll do our
best here
I got a an update on carpe Noctem and
rahim kasam two people who had been
temporarily limited in their Twitter use
for content
in the case of carpe Noctem there was a
DCMA request there's an official way
that somebody can request copyrighted
material to be taken down but the
question is even though it's copyrighted
it's used in the concept of parody this
was a little bit of a gray area and then
there was Rahim Qasim who showed showed
a video that included the time of death
of somebody and if a family member
requests video being taken down because
of time of death and when there happens
they they will take it down now in both
of those cases there I guess Twitter is
working with both Rahim and Carr peidong
time to see if they can get them back up
and also within the rules now the
question that I ask is why would you ban
the person instead of the content if you
know there's just one piece of content
that's questionable why not just block
the content and say hey let's talk about
this content you either have to remove
it or we're gonna have to work something
out
and it turns out that Twitter is
actually looking into that as well so I
think what makes us feel like an attack
on conservatives or even individuals is
that they block the whole account or
they'll you know they'll limit the
account in some way because of one piece
of content which feels wrong right like
just the way that feels like wait a
minute
if the content is wrong but everything
else has been fine up till now why not
just block the content and then we'll
work out what's wrong and it apparently
Twitter is looking into exactly that so
there are some things upcoming that will
be exciting in the Twitter world but
that that continues all right let me see
if Matt has there we are
what's the address and if our technology
works which looks like it didn't he just
disappeared
so Matt you just disappeared when I
tried to select you so try that again
and as soon as I see your indicator come
on all I'll add you alright we've got
there is I'll bet you this will work
just great this time because as you know
technology always works just the way you
want it to looking better Oh didn't work
again this is the problem we had the
first time we tried to do it I don't
know if it's a Wi-Fi problem or some
other kind of technical incompatibility
let's try one more time I've got my
phone set up so if they text me to tell
me what the problem is although we're
back I imagine they're trying different
devices and stuff to get this working
all right while we're waiting for that I
wanted to talk about an argument I've
been seeing online that I think about a
lot and I don't think we're doing a good
job of handling it let's say let's that
Matt again watch this work
representative Matt Gaetz I can hear you
I think are you there yes finally score
let's do this
I feel like we've now got audio
privilege we should probably have to
disclaim it yes I feel a little bit
guilty about this first of all you have
started a new podcast called hot takes
which is terrific how's that going well
I really enjoy it I think that the news
of the day really opens the door into
the questions that we have to answer in
the Congress whether they're questions
about the nature of speech in this
country or really what we see going on
with an effort to I think dismantle
America by trying to make us love her
less and I am just autumn
unapologetically pro-american I think
this is the greatest country ever
I think the tactics that we see to try
to deconstruct our history to try to
take away a sense of national pride are
far more dangerous than just you know
the destruction of a statue I think
they're really trying to get to the
destruction of the system well let's
talk about that so I have not fully
bought into the the conspiracy that
there's a master-planned I believe that
there are probably some people who think
of it in the long term but what
percentage of the protesters do you
think have a master plan versus they
like the fun they're angry
you know it'll burn itself out well how
do you break that down the the master
Marxist planners versus the people who
are just having fun looting and
protesting and in free speech I think
that it is driven by the money I mean I
think that that a substantial amount of
the money that has existed for the
infrastructure of these organizations is
fueled by a neo-marxist desire to to
shame America into a crouch both
domestically and on the global stage and
I think that there is a general
grievance movement that is out there
they'll show up and Occupy Wall Street
if you want them to they'll show up for
a black lives matter protests if you
want to they're just sort of in for the
grievance and I think that makes up a
lot of the volume of the humans but but
the money is you know the the financial
desire to see this this neo-marxist
revolution combined with sort of the
corporate America white guilt payoffs so
who exactly is the money behind this
because it's hard to see anybody who
could gain by more socialism because
that basically kills I mean that that is
might as well throw your money in a big
pile and set it on fire who who can make
it who can make money by paying the
United States to destroy itself well I
mean I think that there are foreign
entities that that benefit from this I
mean you we have seen some reports that
there have been Venezuelans Cubans that
have tried to infiltrate some of the the
leadership of these organizations to try
to fuel anti Americanism
and so division we know beyond that
there there are foreign influences in
the black lives matter branding
particularly from Russia and China they
use these racial divisions to try to
stoke more anger and tension in our
country but but I think that the that
for the most part the call is coming
from inside the house I mean I think
that that within our country there is
there is a grievance culture and this is
the current manifestation how compatible
do you think black lives matter
leadership is with whatever the Intifada
if you can even call it that any kind of
leadership or at least leading voices do
you think black lives matter and
anti-fur are even on the same page with
each other I doubt that that is a
sustainable coalition or a resilient
coalition right now they're sort of you
know United around a common enemy and
sadly that enemy is our sense of
national pride and national identity
what what those groups have in common is
that they believe that America being
that shining example that America being
the best version of herself is is
damaging to to their sense of grievance
so how do you how do you deal with the
fact that you know America as a brand we
like to you know if you love your
country you like to put it in the best
possible light but it is nonetheless
true that America has a violent and
brutal racist past they got us where we
are now how do you keep your brand and
your love of your country while still
being honest about how we got here well
I think we could be honest about the
fact that all human history is full of
identity based violence full of
brutality full of you know sort of human
competition and and the negative
impulses that that can create all of
that said in a world of relativism I'll
take the United States and our
development and our promotion of values
in our sense of inclusion over just
about any other human society in all of
human history because it creates the the
unifying principle of process
an opportunity for people you know my my
take on all this and I want to see what
you think about it is that when we focus
on the problems we have taken a sort of
a loser mindset which is oh I'm
disadvantaged you've got privilege I
don't etc and while all that can be true
sometimes not but it certainly could be
true how does that change the fact that
all of us have an individual strategy
and if everybody followed the same
strategy we'd all get pretty good
results meaning pay attention in school
don't have a baby when you're 14 don't
go on drugs you know work hard have have
some you know additions to your talent
stack et cetera so there are fairly
basic things to do that everybody can
succeed which works actually better if
you're black frankly because if you knew
that corporate America is literally
begging for more people of color because
they need it I mean there's a lot of
pressure on so everybody has a three
lane highway in America if they follow
the same strategy why are we focusing on
the problems and our disadvantages which
is just divisive instead of figuring out
how to get better mentoring better
education better strategy because
there's no I had a good strategy they
probably all do well III think you're
right I agree that when we unify around
the common opportunity that exists in
this country for for any who are willing
to work hard play by the rules we draw
more people to the cause but I don't
think that every every sort of
sectionalized a group wants that unity I
think that there that there are leaders
in some groups of people and I'm not
even talking about you know racial
identity I mean I think you see this
geographically I think you see it
politically or people think that
division sort of creates an opportunity
within their movement for their own
advancement and for their own leadership
but but I think that when you talk about
focusing on on the positive we also have
to do that with Americanism and so often
like for example in the immigration
debate
we're told oh well the way Republicans
talk about this is xenophobic it's
racist my
view is that if if we instead focus on
that positive that the Wonder the
exceptionalism that comes with being an
American something so worth preserving
and being proud of that that that also
can be a more unifying call and
unfortunately I think we we take the
bait as conservatives not even as
conservatives just as people who believe
in America we take the bait and grant
the premise that somehow there is
something flawed with our founding and
with our history and I think if we if we
acknowledge that all humans have
complications challenges and multi
dimensions in our history but that ours
is absolutely the best that hopefully
that can that can prevail but you know
we surrendered the ground in schools you
know probably you know 15 20 years ago
Scott and I think that we're starting to
see the manifestation of the just the
like the the egalitarianism that we
embraced in an education and this this
cultural relativism you know when you
look at base problems and you're trying
to figure out all right what's where's
the big lever what's the most impactful
thing we could do it just all comes down
to school doesn't it I mean I know some
people are gonna say having parents but
I'm not sure you can fix the parent
thing right away but that the school
thing seems like something that the
government could fix if it focused on it
it is the great equalizer my dad was
superintendent of schools in the
community where I grew up he was never a
teacher or a principal he was a business
person that was elected to the position
because he thought that if we could
improve the operations of our schools
that the outcomes would be better and
ultimately they were but but the you
know the I think education associations
the unions I think some of the you know
social justice warriors that attacked
curriculum in particular made a lot of
progress while we had our eye off the
ball you know made a lot of Republicans
over the last 15 20 years have been
focused on how do we teach your kid
coding while the left has been worried
about you know how we sand away the the
founding values of America and I think
they they made progress in that regard
you know there's something that you
and president Trump and I have in common
in terms of mindset unless you disagree
with this which is even if I'm looking
at an optimistic future or at let's say
a rosy picture of America I do that as
strategically in other words I know that
when I put my positive thoughts into the
universe I just get a better result even
if they're unrealistic and and I feel
like that's just an intentional strategy
but if you look at it not as a strategy
it just looks like you're loopy and
crazy and you don't care about problems
and you don't care about other people
but can you could you talk to that is it
is it a strategy or is it just the way
you see the world I think particularly
with President Trump I mean he believes
that he can will positivity into
existence you know I can't believe that
in business and be done with that on the
campaign trail and yeah he does it in
government it is infectious it is an
infectious style of leadership to try to
draw people to their highest
achievements and and president Trump is
unique in that he can at times create a
competitive environment in which people
literally have to you know create more
and more optimism more and more progress
more and more success just to stay at
the table and I like that I think that
it also breeds a meritocracy around the
president and it's why frankly some
people don't last long you know if
they're if they're unwilling to get get
with that type of a leadership style
they find themselves out with government
as for me yeah I think we still have a
lot to be positive about and I think
that we have to we have to frame our
vision and our values in a way that draw
people to our cost look we might not
want to admit it but the dominant
political movement in America today is
this black lives matter movement and and
you know the the way I think to combat
the downstream effects of that is to
unapologetically
embrace Americanism and then as you've
done on social media push back against
the tactics that just try to silence
people I mean this whole this whole
characterization of white privilege is a
racist characterization it's racist
because it is telling someone be
because of the scholar color of your
skin you have a diminished contribution
to make to our country and to our
conversation and and I just don't think
that anybody should be told based on
their background or their skin color
that that they have a diminished
contribution to make now not many
politicians are willing to say that
because they're afraid of being called
racist or privileged for saying it but I
think that when you tell people the
truth that is ultimately the most
productive and most optimistic thing you
can do you know here's the way I put it
you you come across a kid in a well
trapped at the bottom of the well is the
first question you ask how did you get
there because depends how you got there
if you fell in the well one way I'm not
going to help you but if you fell in the
well the other way I'll help you how
does that make sense kids at the bottom
of the well you don't care if he's black
you don't care if he's white kids at the
bottom of the well can you help
him out right so and and I think that we
get lost in the past it's like well this
kid got in the bottom of the well
because his parents were you know they
were drug addicted and bla bla bla but
this other one had a history a legacy of
racism and slavery that is rippled into
the future which is a real thing
you know I don't think anybody would
doubt that there's a ripple effect but
once you're at the bottom of the well
and you're a baby it's just not your
fault and and thinking about how you got
there is so unproductive when you should
just say baby at the bottom of the well
what could we do about that all right
what would you do about the the protests
and the especially the chop the Seattle
place do you think the president should
be more involved either verbally or with
assets how would you handle it look the
bottom line is we can't let these things
get set up because once they are they do
get fortified I mean there are a lot of
guns in that place and let's just have
some honest talk about this guy we could
March the National Guard in there and
take the chop the Chazz over in a matter
of moments but there would be loss of
life and I don't know that this country
is ready to handle that and so I'm I'm
grateful that in Washington DC as
they've tried to set up an autonomous
zone the the president the chief of
staff have ensured that that will not
happen
the week leadership in Seattle though
can be contagious I think as Americans
look at what is going on it affects our
sense of security and safety and it also
tells the permanent criminal element
that they have more latitude now they
have more latitude in my town and in
your town because of what is going on in
Seattle now ultimately I really do feel
it it's more like a kin to the Occupy
Wall Street thing I think this
ultimately fizzles out but if I were the
mayor of Seattle there would be no way
that anybody would be stopping the
delivery of care and ambulatory services
and police to people who are in need I
think it is it is infectious ly bad
leadership and I'm grateful that the
president isn't allowing this to be set
up anywhere else particularly in our
nation's capital
but you would agree this is really this
is a tough one because as you said just
one death especially caught on camera as
we know that and that magnifies it it
would just take one death by a
government gun and we're right back to
square one so you know I don't know that
anybody is smart enough to know how long
to wait how much force to put on it but
I but I saw this interesting development
which is apparently the businesses will
be able to sue the city and I always say
if the government can't work it out the
insurance companies will because they
because ultimately ultimately every give
everything gets priced for risk and it
just won't be affordable to be a you
know to be bad government anymore it's
just you know well but think about think
about the impact on the marketplace
right if my business interruption
insurance risk profile is different
because I'm in a liberal City that is
going to defund and dismantle the police
and keep them from going in certain
areas then what will happen is it will
be easier to get necessary business
interruption insurance in places where
you have strong leadership where the law
will be enforced so what that will do is
create more blight more flight of
capital out of these places and and
frankly while that will inure to the
benefit of states like Florida it's not
good for the country to to have such a
depressed sense of confidence in areas
that have
race these values you know I'm starting
to wonder if there are some urban areas
that just can't be fixed in other words
you know maybe you just have to find a
field somewhere and build a new city
where you get things right from the
start do you think the urban areas do
you think Baltimore even can be fixed I
don't know if there's any amount of
money you could put in there because the
basic problem is that the leaders are
too easily bought if we can be honest if
you're a mayor it's just too easy to be
bought off by the wrong people now it's
so interesting you say that because
right now as you and I are talking Joe
Biden's team is out there vetting all of
these urban mayor's for potential
selection for Vice Presidency and I mean
my guess is that it's going to be very
difficult for any of them to pass that
because you're right a lot of it is a is
pay-for-play in these urban cities and
it's one of the reasons why despite very
high taxes despite a ton of money
flowing in from the state and federal
government quality of life isn't really
improving for the people right and so
that begs the question well is the Trump
strategy of like the opportunity zone
the right antidote and frankly I've got
some doubts about that like I don't know
if when you when you pit one community
against another if that's really the
role of government like right if you're
a Wawa and you're deciding where to go
build 50 stores is it really right for
the federal government say well if you
build them in you know community a
instead of community B were we're
designing that outcome to try to direct
the flow of your capital so I think I
think time will tell whether or not the
Democrats strategy of you know building
the largesse of government abandoning
your people and then just sort of being
along for the ride for the for the
neo-marxist revolution is the right play
or whether this this kind of Trump play
of Opportunity Zones and and seeing if
you can socially engineer economic
success is the right way I mean I think
ultimately the way every American
society flourishes is when the uniquely
American institutions flourish when we
have strong families when we have strong
churches when we have empowered parents
with school choice you know and by the
way in Florida we just signed the
largest expansion of school choice in
our state's history so we'll be a
laboratory for that concept I think I
think that's the institutional
drink is probably better than the
government economic engineering or just
the government theft you know I I'm
gonna take the third path you know the
as you laid it out they're kind of these
two general approaches I think the third
path is let's be more organized about
testing these different approaches
because you know I don't think anybody
smart enough to know what works that's
the problem right if we were smart
enough we just be doing that oh that
works let's just do that thing we're all
smart but I say if you don't know you
gotta test it and then you got to make
sure that your test is really telling
you what you think it is so it's got to
be designed right but it seems to me
that you we should just be focusing on
all right yours a place that's trying
this thing here's the place is trying
the other thing we'll check back in six
months or a year see how it looks do
more of that well and that is the
promise of our great federalist system
right but but the problem is that you
you drain that promise when you have
corrupt people that now in some of these
urban areas are trying to externalize
their conflict right like the mayor of
Seattle has a problem in our own in our
own community and so she blames Donald
Trump for being a racist as the reason
why and and it's that that is the most
unproductive I think way to resolve this
rather than the testing strategy you
laid out you know if if I could fix the
world it would look like this you'd have
teams of let's say consultant type
people who could be brought in unruhe
quest not forced in to a city to say
look we're just gonna have this external
team run your city for a year fix things
up get rid of the corruption because
they're they're sort of uncorruptible
because they they're well paid and they
come from somewhere else and at the end
of the year we'll have a you know have
an election and try to put somebody in
but the big problem is that the money is
corrupting at the local level and if you
have people who can be corrupted they
will be I don't know that there's
anything that can be done about that so
unless you bring in almost like
Untouchables and yeah I talk about it as
like government in a box bring in the
government in a box with the intention
like a chia pet just add water and your
government will grow well but but I
think part of part of that type of
engagement requires fair free open
honest discussion and debate and you
know I was listening to you
intro Scott about these these voices
that have been taken offline and the
different dynamics and equities that are
being balanced and I have to share I was
quite taken when I saw a tweet from a
Republican leader nikki Haley recently
that when she observed what was going on
online she was troubled by it but any
more regulation would just put lawyers
and bureaucrats in charge and that that
really is is a an equally bad ill and so
she presumed that we just have to sort
of sit back and and accept the fact that
free speech is eroded in our country and
that's loser talk
to me I don't think we like I don't
believe that we just kind of surrender
to the canceled culture and just as
we're hearing and you know the social
justice base now that it's not enough to
not be a racist you have to be
anti-racist there's only two groups of
people
there's racists and there's anti-racists
so I want to apply that to the cancelled
culture I guess there's either the
people who cancel or the people who
uncannily and I want to I want to do
some uncanny lling I think that even if
people have said things that are
controversial or uncouth in an unguarded
moment or at or in an impassioned moment
we ought to have the opportunity to
invite the best of the contributions
people can make to our discourse and we
should not be so frail as a nation that
we cannot hear things that offend us and
then respond to it with more productive
speech so that's that's my riff on where
we are on the cancer so if there were
some more government less a muscle or
regulation let's call it on the social
media platforms what form would that
take what would that look like in your
preferred world I believe that so
digital media platforms availing
themselves to the benefits of section
230 of the communication Decency Act
should require should be required to be
transparent about the extent to which
their platform truly is content neutral
and I think that you know there is the
common carrier approach but there is
simply a demand for transparency that
can be built into the exoskeleton of the
communication Decency Act to say okay
well you know if you don't want these
liabilities for being an aggregator or a
curator or a Content developer then then
you have to open the kimono
No and demonstrate that it is in fact
neutral and I think an appeal process
could be required by the government that
that would shed a lot of light onto the
decision making that goes into what is
promoted what is suppressed
what is banned what is allowed but a lot
of these that we saw from the undercover
Project Veritas video on Facebook there
is not so much company regular rules
that are changing things but there are
individuals making judgment calls and
there are lots of them and he changed
that I think I think that if that
process becomes more transparent it will
be easier to identify the sort of
corrosive and rotten places within it
right now we don't even get a peek we're
told these are private companies will
have to be we don't we the government we
the people really just have to accept
whatever our Silicon Valley free-speech
Hall monitors tell us and and there is
no mechanism by which to like vindicate
our own voice and I think that that you
you get to that element of the people of
the people who are running it also I
think there have to be consequences
when folks like Project Veritas and they
are fantastic by the way when they go
find these things out I think that there
should be investigations there should be
reviews the problem Scott just to be
candid with you is that big tech has
bought off Congress and it's not that
hard to do because Congress can't really
act if a small group of people are
opposed to it so if you go and deploy
you know three lobbyists for every US
senator if big tech goes and starts
hiring the children and spouses of
members of Congress for jobs which by
the way they do all the time then it
really retards our ability to demand the
transparency that that would that would
fully realize our First Amendment rights
yeah I wouldn't mind seeing some kind of
rule that says you can't vote if your
kid is involved in one of those
companies I wouldn't like that let and
tell me what given that police reform
got stalled because literally nobody in
Congress you know wants this what's the
solution so much as they want the the
issue apparently you know I'm accepting
you from that well what would you do to
break the log jam and
let me just throw this idea on top I
think there needs to be a national
education about police and race just so
we're all on the same page about what
the data is and what the options are
what's the plus and minus R each of
these yes unchoke olds no unchoke olds
and talk it through would it help to
educate the public so that the public
can push Congress or is there a better
way to get something done well right now
in Congress it is all virtue signaling
with very little virtue on the on the
Polly on the police reform front i i
would support various repositories for
the type of training data and
information that you described so that
we are all singing out at the same
hymnal you know now it sort of feels
like people are striking up different
chords in different notes at different
times but on the specifics of the policy
there are areas of agreement like I am
NOT going to defend no-knock warrants to
me like if the government is entering
your home and they are not telling you
why that is a problem and where I'm from
we have the Castle Doctrine somebody
comes in your home with the intent to do
your harm you know you have the ability
to respond with lethal force so I do
think that there are ways to improve
policing the like like changing the
no-knock warrant system but right now
Democrats don't want a bill they want
the ability to blame Republicans and I
think that that that too often is just
sort of where we go to in in Washington
DC the the solution here Scott is going
to come I think still at the local level
I think you see places developing
different technologies strategies on
policing they work to different degrees
I think best practices will be copied
you know around the country and
hopefully that's a way to continue to
improve the profession but I'm certainly
not going to be a part of demonizing
demoralizing defunding the profession
and the craziest thing about this bill
the Democrats have it seems to want to
put law enforcement at an equal level of
force with the people that would
terrorize our communities like since
when did we believe that we ought to go
into a fight equally armed and manned
with like the gangs and foreign car
tells I mean I I want other people
enforcing the log protecting our
citizenry to have an overwhelming
advantage in force from those who would
do us harm
yeah you know when we talked about
eliminating the police I have
surprisingly been open to the idea but
only if you start from scratch and
develop a community with that
expectation in other words you might
have less privacy more video
surveillance you're more net more
neighborhood watch or something but you
couldn't get rid of the police entirely
but I'll bet you could take it down to
50% well my my view is informed by the
vulnerable you know one of the one of
the major moments in my life was when I
was nine years old and I was in the car
with my mom who was in a wheelchair and
she was mugged and like we had to call
the police and you know when when you're
there with a mother in a wheelchair you
start to you start to realize how
vulnerable some of some of us are and we
need strong law enforcement for the
protection of the vulnerable and so I
I'm heavily informed by that and I'm so
grateful for you know police that that
respond and there are circumstances
where they're needed alright so I don't
want to take any more of your time
because I know you've got a country to
run here it needs it needs your help I
gotta say I've been watching a lot of
people on TV on the news and certainly
on the the Republican side you were by
far the best communicator the
Republicans have there's nobody even
close at this point and I think that
that speaks well for your for your
future so thanks for coming on
congressman Matt gates and make sure
everybody takes a look at your podcast
hot takes if you just google it you'll
find out where that is anything else you
want to add Matt just that I'm grateful
to be on and hopefully next time I will
take fewer than five attempts to connect
for a little coffee with Scott Adams but
much appreciated my friend all right
thanks so much have a great day
all right that was fun now a couple
things I've got my list there's an
argument that I've been hearing that
conservatives make that I think is weak
now you know me I'm not taking the left
or the right side on things I like to go
at the argument so it doesn't matter
whose argument it is if it's weak I want
you to know about it and the argument
goes like this so people will say hey
the the black community in this country
is complaining about you know economic
equality but say the Conservatives how
do you explain that the more recent
black Africans who have emigrated more
recently are doing far better
economically and so say the
Conservatives it can't be because you're
black because the Africans are doing
fine but the people who have been here
for a while or not now of course one
argument to that would be there's
there's a ripple of racism or
disadvantage that's built into the
system from slavery to today that would
be one response but I think there's a
far more obvious response far more
obvious which is that if you're in
another country whether it's Africa or
anywhere else it's kind of hard to get
to the United States how do you how do
you immigrate to the United States it's
not easy so first of all you're gonna be
a capable person if you can even get to
the United States secondly you're
probably have to demonstrate they have
some education you know that you can
support yourself I don't know exactly
what the rules are but my guess is that
there's a self selection process right
exactly I'm seeing it in the comments
the people who are immigrating are self
selecting because they're motivated and
ambitious and they feel that the
American system is suited for their
ambition if you told me doesn't matter
what country they come from doesn't
matter what their ethnicity is if you
tell me I'm gonna compare a bunch of
people who made it to an entirely new
country learned a new language and we're
so motivated they thought they would go
across the world
and fitted into the system and work hard
and succeed that groups always going to
do well there shouldn't be any surprise
that people who self-select for
motivation proper risk management you
know going to the right place where the
energy is best
all of that is predictive of success so
has nothing to do with ethnicity
it's a self-selected group or motivated
every self selected motivated group of
any group is going to do pretty well
compared to everybody else so I would
say that argument of hey what about the
people who came recently from Africa
doing well it doesn't say what you think
it says so I would I would drop that
argument frankly all right I'm seeing a
lot of folks say as I said earlier in
the interview or the conversation with
Matt Gaetz
that a lot of people are saying that
President Trump is being too weak in
this current protester situation and I
don't think that's demonstrably true so
the thinking goes that if he acts weak
Republicans won't respond to that
they'll feel like he's not you would do
it his job but I do think people
understand that the federal government
does and should wait for the local
government to invite them in and when
your federal government is Trump and
you've been accused of being a you know
a tyrant racist and that's you're you're
one of your worst accusations if you've
been accused of being a tyrant racist
president do you want to send your
military end unrequested under request
as being the important part to almost
certainly kill somebody and almost
certainly there gonna be a person of
color just because of the numbers of
people in the area at least one and then
the whole problem starts up again
so I think that people who say he should
be acting strong
uh I'm not sure he has the options that
you think and I think that it might be a
far stronger play than you think to
simply let the energy dissipate because
dictators don't do that
racists don't do that you know just just
letting the temperature come down
because you know once it comes down
you've got a new set of alternatives now
in the case of the autonomous zone I
think that's a special case because
they've you know they do set up a little
bit of Defense etc and here's how I
would handle that here's how I would do
it if I were the mayor and I wanted to
clean out that that area I might just
invite the public to do it for me
now I haven't thought this through but
just just bear with me for a moment as
men the advantage that the protesters
have over police is numbers right
the police have guns and training and
all that but the protesters mostly they
just have numbers but they don't have
numbers compared to the actual
population that lives there and the
actual population that lives there isn't
really engaged they're just sort of
hanging back but what if they all came
to the street and said we got your
message we heard what you said and we're
good and there are gonna be 10,000 of us
standing behind this line of police and
we're just going to march with them and
help them clean up stuff as they clear
the people out so imagine a model where
there's you know a bunch of police
deeply outnumbered by the protesters who
are in the occupied zone and behind the
place are 10,000 citizens who are not
armed and are just there to clean up
literally they're to clean up and so the
police come in and just in every foot
that they they gained slowly and as
non-violently as possible directly
behind them the citizens come in and
reclaim the territory clean it as they
go and it's just to show a force
basically but the show of force is just
the number of bodies is
that they're armed or that they're
violent and you'd want them to be
completely you know uninvolved with the
violence I got this idea from some small
town in Washington State where I saw a
video of one of the conservative
ex-military people saying you better not
try it in our town and his explanation
of it was that however many protesters
there were there were going to be more
people from the town and they're armed
and numbers matter right if you had a
lot of people from the town relative to
the number of protesters well the
protesters are gonna bet you know behave
themselves they're not going to set up
an autonomous zone so I don't know if
that's a good idea or a bad idea but I
thought I put it out there I tweeted
this morning it seems to be pretty
popular that if anybody who does these
eight things will be successful and
anybody who doesn't just won't be which
of these a things are unavailable to
people of color alright I'll just read
them and then keep in your mind can
anybody do these things or is it
reserved for white privilege type people
number one to focus on a useful
education I put the word useful in there
you know what that be it's right an
education that has some commercial value
so you focus on a useful education which
means you know get good grades and then
you have a chance to go to college
stay out of legal trouble obvious stay
away from drugs obvious now that's that
doesn't mean you experiment you didn't
experiment or you got drunk on the
weekend so I'm talking about becoming a
drug addict don't do that
don't become a parent too soon build a
talent snack
you know assemble skills that work well
together to make you special and
valuable be useful to others this is the
most unappreciated one you have to
create create a set of skills and and uh
I guess our personality if you will that
other people say hey that could be
helpful to me I would like that person
as a friend
like to mate with that person I would
like to hire that person I would like to
buy from that person so become a useful
person you know what it looks like just
be useful as opposed to being selfish
all the time but favor systems over
goals that's the longer description but
a system is something you do every day
to get you closer to a variety of goals
such as a system for your fitness a
system for your diet a system for
networking a system for promotion to etc
so develop you systems they would be it
would be different for everybody but you
have to have systems and then learn
basic risk management now that's sort of
a general statement but a lot of people
do things that just are bad risk
management I'll give the obvious example
let's say you wanted to invest in stocks
but you had never been taught risk
management so you say I've got $10,000
I've saved up over the years I'll put it
in this one stock well that shows that
you don't know risk management because
that's just a bad idea you'd never put
all your money in one stock you you
spread it around and hope that the
winners cancel out the losers so that's
just one example but there are a million
examples in life in which you can look
at and say ok if nobody told you the
odds it wouldn't be obvious like the
like the example of diversification as
soon as you hear it you say oh yeah kind
of makes sense but if you'd never heard
the word diversification it just
wouldn't be obvious it just wouldn't be
obviously you should do it and in all of
life is like that the the risks need a
little bit of guidance to know what
makes sense and what doesn't so my
contention is this that of course
they're you know weird exceptions if
somebody has a health problem etc that
those are obvious if you get you know if
somebody shoots you yeah you betta I
have a successful life obviously but if
you do these any things which of them
are unavailable
to anybody in this country there's
nothing of this list that's unavailable
everything of this list is available to
everybody and I don't know anybody who
can do these a things which are not
terribly hard because some of them are
just don't do some things don't do drugs
don't commit a crime it's not hard to
not do things it's hard to do things
sometimes but it's not that hard to not
do things except for a peer pressure etc
I guess there's a new kind of racism
lately which is a weird kind when I say
new I don't mean it never existed before
but it's it's more prominent it goes
like this how often does a white person
in 2020
you know June of 2020 where a lot has
changed about we're thinking about the
world even from last year how many white
people who are hiring or looking to work
with somebody would be afraid of working
with a black person not because they
were racist themselves you know even
though arguably everybody's a little bit
racist because we're all biased but
let's just say somebody who has no
history and no conscious thoughts of
racism which is about as close as you
can get and that person has an option of
hiring one of two people let's say
they're both qualified both qualified
does the white person in June 2020 say
to themselves that they're equally risky
they'll think so because would you hire
somebody that you think hates you
right it's one thing to not hire
somebody because you are a racist very
illegal immoral it's you know it's one
of the great evils right so if you're
the racist that's pretty bad but what if
you say to yourself you know I watch
television and if I were a black person
in America I'd have an attitude right
now
I I'd feel if I had been consuming the
same media that everybody else is
feeling and I were black
how would I feel about white Americans
in June of 2020 hmm maybe a little bit
of an attitude
maybe a little contempt maybe a little
thought that there's a little privilege
there maybe you think that you're a
little bit more racist than you thought
even the year ago so is it reasonable or
is it racist I guess it would be racist
by definition so I answered my own
question but don't you think that
there's a yeah I'm seeing in the
comments that there's a little bit of
agree but there there's it's actually a
new form of racism in which people will
say I'm not a racist but I'm pretty sure
that if I hire a black person they will
think I am why would they think that
because the black community is let's say
reinforcing through black lives matter
especially is reinforcing that basically
all white people are racist even if they
don't know it think about that the
message is that all white people are
racist even if they're not aware of it
so would you hire somebody who believed
you were racists I would not yeah well
let me let me demonstrate my free speech
here for a moment
if I had two candidates equally
qualified and I have no racial animus or
feelings or negativity of my own at
least my conscious level but I'm
positive that the person I'm talking to
let's let's say let's be specific let's
say it's a black candidate and I'm
positive that this person follows the
news and is politically active
what are the odds that that black person
has a good feeling about me as just a
generic white person don't you believe
that they think I'm a racist because I
think that's the message that black
lives matter wants all black people to
accept that all white people are racist
all the time but not always consciously
I don't think I would hire somebody that
I suspected thought I was a racist am I
wrong
now by definition that would be racist
and also illegal right
wouldn't that be illegal wouldn't I
wouldn't I be sued for thinking that
somebody would discriminate against me
that's different right so I'm not saying
that this form of racism didn't always
exist but it went from something I don't
think I ever would have thought about
even at once let me put it this way two
years ago I wouldn't even thought of
that a way wouldn't have even been a a
glancing thought across my mind then if
I hired a black candidate that black
candidate would certainly not like me
and it would feel a little bit racist I
didn't think that two years ago that's
something the black lives matter taught
me so while they're training let's say
training and educating their own public
let's say the the black public to
distrust all white people for being
racist even if the white people don't
know they're being racist under those
conditions have the black lives matter
has not taught white people not to hire
black people because that's what I'm
hearing I'm hearing it would be bad for
me to hire somebody who had a bad
feeling about me and they're being
trained to have a bad feeling about me
so obviously there's no you can't do
that legally so I don't recommend it
it's not a recommendation it's a
statement and an observation
somebody said something happened to Hogg
Newsom but I don't I'm not up on that so
I can't comment on that
and apparently tick-tock has been
reverse-engineered so you know the app
tick-tock
I don't know how valid this story is but
there was a story of an engineer who
reverse engineers apps for a living so
he's reversed engineered lots of
different apps but when he reverse
engineered tik-tok allegedly he found a
hornet's nest of obvious spy and tension
and things that were designed it just to
make you not know what it does and that
his recommendation after reverse
engineering it is that you should not
have that app anywhere near you because
it's just spying on you and collecting
your personal information so that's
somebody who reverse engineered it and
he's quick to point out that he is also
reverse engineers I guess the Twitter
app some other apps and said that they
don't have that all right so if you're
saying oh they're all the same
Twitter tick-tock it's all the same
apparently not apparently not if you
reverse engineer the Twitter app you
just don't find anything scary it's just
an app if you reverse engineer at the
tic-tock app according to this one story
I'd like a little more confirmation when
you hear one story from one source today
in today's day and age you got to put
that little skeptical check mark next to
it so put the the skeptical check mark
next to it but there's one report that
the tic-tock app is just filled with spy
spy code all right and obviously the
Chinese government can control anything
that tik-tok does so you've got that
so the DoD has said this for a long time
about tick-tock well why is it still
legal what why why can a child walk into
your house with a tick-tock app and by
the way you don't have any idea how
dangerous that
you might find out soon but I don't
think you've thought it through to know
just how dangerous that is it's not it's
not a small thing it if you were going
to size it let me put a size on it if
you're going to size the risk of the
tick-tock app compared to other dangers
in your world what size would you put on
it I would put it the same size as
radical Islamic terrorism yeah bigger no
bigger because terrorism probably
doesn't have an option there's no real
risk that terrorism will destroy the
whole country of America that's that's
not really a possibility because the
nature of it yet probably couldn't
happen but could an app destroy
civilization actually yes actually yes
so if you have an app just a piece of
software that has the potential to
destroy civilizations you would you
would put it on the same level as let's
say North Korea having nuclear arms that
that sort of a level so in terms of the
level of risk
it's the highest military level of risk
should it be weaponized and it can be it
can be and in fact it's not even hard
that's the problem the problem is it's
not hard if it were hard that would be a
different argument but it's not hard to
weaponize it all right why is the
government so slow to act with regard to
tech well I think it's several things
one is you know lobbyists and money and
money influence that's part of it maybe
the biggest part part of isn't they
don't understand how many let me ask you
this so I just described to you the
following chain of events China can
control tick-tock because it's a Chinese
company their algorithm can control what
you see therefore they can make anything
popular such as for example oh how about
a prank where people will buy tickets to
or sign up for the
Trump rally but not go was that going to
be viral by itself ask yourself would
that have been viral just because some
kid made a viral video about hey we
should prank we should prank the Trump
campaign a tick-tock an app for children
you think that a political point a
political thing was going to be the big
viral thing on tick-tock an app for 12
year olds I don't think so
but it could be it's possible but you
don't know now if it becomes popular and
tick-tock what happens it goes to
snapchat so tic-tac is excused to the
young people
snapchat does too but snapchat also has
young and older people at least you know
not old old but older so anything that's
popular on tick-tock will eventually
become viral on snapchat once it's on
snapchat it's everywhere it's Instagram
it's Facebook it's Twitter so can the
Chinese government to send any message
they want all the way through our social
media network yeah easily it's not even
hard in fact we probably just watched it
happen you just don't know oh I'm sorry
I'm saying take back inside a tick-tock
those of you who are accusing me of
being a Boomer you are so right that I
embrace it I embrace my full boomer ISM
flaws and I do not apologize for them
somebody says there was no link under
snapchat to Trump's rally really you
think you can say with some confidence
that no were on snapchat there was any
mention of the tic-tock tic-tock prank
really that's pretty knowledgeable of
you then you know all of the things on
snapchat
but in any case whether whether that
would move to snapchat or not that's the
obvious path that other things could
take alright I think that was all I
wanted to talk about today yes it is and
I will talk to you later