it's time for another great show let me
make sure I got my comments working here
so I can see what you're up
to yep it's
working move that over there then over
there
perfect just
perfect oh I need some notes hold on
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and I'm
fairly confident you've never had a
better time but if you'd like to take
your experience up to levels that nobody
can understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need for that is a
cou Mar glass of tanker CH Cen J FL of V
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure of the dopamine
here the day thing makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous sip
go ah
delightful I feel connected to you all
through the invisible umbilical cord of
the coffee cup
well give me an update in the comments
if something happens while I'm talking
because I think Trump is
supposedly let's see he's going to be
talking to judge Maran
today um so there will be
sentencing is he's he's doing it over
Zoom right he's not going in person I
don't know I'm not sure yet but I think
he's not going in person and judge
michan has already indicated he's going
to do some kind of uh uncondition
discharge meaning that he'll be guilty
of a felony but won't go to
jail uh and no matter yeah and no matter
what the sentence is they plan to
appeal so Trump will be officially a
felon maybe but then it's on appeal so
my question to you dear legal experts is
if your case is approved for appeal
are you still a felon because it's not
guaranteed you're a felon if your appeal
is going through right so I feel like
you'd say it's you're you're
conditionally possibly a felon just like
before so if the legal process has not
come to an end I would say h seems to me
that the legal process is still cooking
along why why would you say he's a felon
I don't understand what you're saying so
the process is still going forward it
could with him being a felon or not a
felon so why are you saying he's a felon
he should be innocent until the appeals
process is over now they don't say that
but I
do right it'd be one thing if you said
I'm going to appeal but given that we
could be reasonably confident the appeal
will be accepted at least to be
processed how is that guilty how does
that make him a felon in what world in
what world would I consider him a felon
if he's in a legal process and it's
likely and here here's what makes it
interesting I think the experts say the
case was so flawed that it's far more
likely it will be be overturned than
upheld isn't that true so if so can you
be a called a felon if the process is
still going and all the smart people
think it will end with you not being a
felon how do you call that a felon it's
like they don't understand the process
we'll see meanwhile uh New York Court is
removing the corrupt judge we call him
corrupt uh this is
a Laura loomer's reporting and remove
the corrupt judge Arthur angorian from
the Trump's other case the Civil fraud
case
and um Laura Lum reminds you that she
exclusively broke the story about Judge
Eng goran's bias and how his wife was
posting
memes uh about Trump and apparently that
worked so Laura Luber gets the big win
she's got a blue check back I don't know
what this current situation is with her
freedom of speech but she got a big win
and she's got a blue check and she's
getting the credit today good job Laura
lummer um jet we we'll of course talk
about the fire like I I need a little
little bit of pallet cleansing you know
if you live in California even if you're
not in the center of the burn area
you're thinking about it all day long
and you're probably doing something
about it too so we're we're pretty
exhausted in the state and it's just the
beginning of the process so forgive me
if I'm a little obsessed by it but when
it hits you locally it's hard not to
be
um so Trump says on day
oneish when after he's worn in he's
going to share information about the
drones and he does say that the
government knows it sounds like maybe he
doesn't know or maybe he's it's been
whispered that the government knows it's
their stuff it's one of those but I
would expect it to be something like the
government was doing a little testing or
something probably something like that
or maybe just surveilling things here's
what I don't expect I do not expect that
on day two or whatever Trump will say
all right here's the secret of the
drones uh we've been allowing Chinese
drones to surveil our sensitive sites do
you think he's going to announce that
even if it's true even if it's true do
you think he would tell you I hope
not I I I think he would take care of it
and keep it as a military secret if
there was a way to do that but I think
he's getting a little bit ahead of
himself that he would necessarily tell
us no matter what the answer
is so we'll see I think he means it I
just don't know he'll be able to
deliver uh Victor Davis Hansen summed up
the
LA problem as a total systems
breakdown now a system
breakdown do you think the LA was
operating as a systems being more
important than goals
entity or do you think that they seem to
have goals without systems that
supported them so they had goals for
diversity they had goals for the
environment um right they had goals for
saving the smelt they had goals for
protecting the water in the oceans lots
of
goals but uh as uh you know I've been
teaching you for a long time systems are
what you need because you know goals
can't be supported without a system so
it's a system that's the important part
and uh as Victor Davis Hansen points out
that the water storage system was bad
the forest management was bad handling
the insurance industry was bad and he
mentions the Dei hierarchy of the
leadership and he called it a Dei Green
New Deal hydrogen
bomb like a perfect a perfect system
collapse because every part the system
kind of
collapsed um now do you think it's fair
in this case now I've been I've been
railing against the people who say as
soon as there's a problem you know you
look at the people in charge and if you
see there certain
demographic the people on the right say
oh Dei dii and I try to caution you
that's not proof of Dei being a
problem all you can know for sure is
that that you know Dei was a big
influence over hiring you can't know
that that's the
problem however if you do a little
research into the people involved might
give you some insight it might for
example Karen bass did you know that
when she was in the 70s she used to
travel to Cuba with to work with
something called the veneros Brigade
which was a group that organized annual
trips to Cuba for young leftist
Americans for many years do you know why
Cuba would host leftists to come do some
awesome things in Cuba which is just
building stuff I guess why would they do
that it's to brainwash them against the
United States but gently you know just
brainwash them that maybe the Socialist
way is better and then they'll come back
to the United States and destroy it or
convert it so she was actually part of a
brainwashing operation and let me be
very clear a brainwashing operation by
Cuba you bring young people in and you
you give them this one experience that's
very artificial from you know the
general Cuban experience and
everything's great and look we'll just
show you the things we want and did you
know the United States is
evil she is
unquestionably a brainwash victim that's
not even in debate if she went there
multiple times and was part of a group
that was by
design a bunch of brainwash victims how
did she un-brainwash
herself I don't believe there's a
process for that if she was brainwashed
it's still in her you can't you can't
undo
that so do you think that if people were
well aware of that that she would have
been InCharge of the city the mayor no
this one does look like a Dei hire
problem doesn't it it it looks like
nobody in the right mind would have
hired her for her background and
qualifications but maybe it was a you
know Dei
related want to have a diversity
mayor so I would say you can't say that
Dei broke anything but you could say
that that one mayor probably only has
your job because people either didn't
understand or voted dumb you maybe it's
the Public's it could be the Public's
fault the public just picked the wrong
person but at least uh she's got a uh a
strong Deputy Mayor so you can't say
it's not like one person right that
often the the next level down are doing
the real decision- making and stuff so
next level down you get the Los Angeles
Deputy Mayor so at least he's strong oh
wait he's under investigation for
allegedly calling in a bomb threat to
City Hall the FBI raided his home
recently and uh he's placed on leave
okay he's he's a black man but that is a
coincidence and not you can't say that
that's Dei related that's just one
person one person Who's acting
badly
now but at least at least in the fire
department you know you don't have so
much of a Dei problem right um well I
mean the the head of the fire department
is is a lesbian but you know nobody's
saying that lesbians can't do Fire
Department jobs and you know she's got
tons of experiences relevant so if
you're if you're going to say oh she's
only there because she's a lesbian that
would ignore all of her many many years
of very relevant
experience and as luck would have it uh
the the person just below her I think
would be the assistant chief well
another lesbian two lesbians at the top
but I think that you could call that a
coincidence um yeah they're plenty of
lesbians it's not like a the biggest
coincidence in the world that two of
them would be the number one and number
two let's look at the third in line
let's see I don't know if it's third in
line but the the equity Chief well
lesbian the lesbian so you got three
lesbians in uh executive positions but I
I warn you that you know if you're
thinking there's a problem with lesbians
because of these three no that doesn't
follow it doesn't follow that there's
some other lesbian who isn't the best
person to be the chief of police or the
chief of the fire department so this is
sticky stuff if if you're just assuming
that somebody is a Dei higher and
therefore they're bad that's not fair
it's also the situation we find
ourselves in because Dei is pushed so
hard that we assume is creating problems
we just it's unfair to point to any
specific individual and I point out that
g kin Nome is the least diverse Governor
you could ever imagine and he's being
criticized as much or more than any of
the other people I just
mentioned so what do we have we got uh
we got some uh black leaders who seem to
be terrible we've got some lesbian
leaders who I don't really know if
they're being terrible if they they
don't have water which is somebody
else's job so I'm not going to say the
fire department's doing a terrible job
does anybody even say that
I'm not even sure that the fire
department has been criticized have
they I I don't think I've seen any
criticism of the fire department so I
would I would say the lesbians are clear
but you have to ask yourself what a big
coincidence they got a lot of lesbian
representative there and then you look
at Nome who is not diverse at all and
he's a total disaster you can't blame
Dei on you know for that right so let me
say again I don't see the
the fingerprint that Dei caused this
it's just that you know the Dei will
cause this whether it cause this one
that's hard to say but will it cause
another one of course yeah will it cause
the complete destruction of another city
guaranteed it's built into the system
remember Victor Davis Hansen says it's a
system collapse Dei guarantees system
collapse because it guarantees that
instead of Merit
and experience you can look for you know
demographics and identity so that little
change just by itself is certainly
enough to destroy an entire city if you
let just let it run
forward but we should not uh we should
not allow ourselves to assume that any
individual is a de Dei hire you'd really
have to do some deeper dive and we don't
often have that level of information
from the
outside Tom Ellsworth was on the PB
podcast and he was saying that the
reason State Farm pulled out um from the
state and is no longer offering fire
insurance is that uh they pulled out
because the County of LA in the city of
La had suspended brush removal in
Palisades really
really it is the connection to the
incompetence of the city is it that
clean I thought this was going to be a
little Messier where you where you
couldn't really tell who was responsible
for what but seriously they they
canceled the brush removal and that
caused the insurance companies to pull
out and they didn't immediately remove
the brush and say oh hold on we will
remove the brush just give us a month
nothing like that the the level of
incompetence system-wise or individuals
I don't
know it's astounding now of course
remember here's something to remember
today we're still in the fog of War
we're still getting all kinds of news
that isn't real
so I you know I think it's I think it's
real but don't know so far the fire has
destroyed 29,000 Acres would you like a
estimate of how big that is that's two
Manhattan
Islands Manhattan is 14,000 square um uh
14,000
Acres this fire has already and still
burning already destroyed two
Manhattans so if if you're not getting
the scale of this imagine all of
Manhattan gone and then another one all
of it gone and it's still going
so if you if you hadn't quite understood
the scale of it that's it we're talking
about $57 billion in economic damage if
you want to put that in perspective uh
the the entire tax revenue of California
in a recent year was 25 billion do you
think you can lay that 157 Bill 57
billion on top of I mean obviously the
government's going to be constrained in
what it can do to help people a lot of
them are uninsured
uh Biden did say that the federal
government was going to help for 180
days in the recovery but that's only the
cleanup in the salaries of the recovery
people you know and the crews that are
working at um and I think removal of the
you know the burn debris now those are
very important so we're we're very happy
to have that help but it's not going to
help anybody buy a house or build a
house Mel Gibson tragically was on the
he well was doing The Joe Rogan podcast
while he was filming it uh his own $14.5
million Malibu mansion burned
down now I know you're not feeling sorry
for him because he is not worth his I
don't know hundreds of millions or
something but uh it's your house it's
your
house you know no no way you're going to
feel good about that so I feel terrible
one of the things that Mel Gibson said
when he was on the Joe Rogen is that he
had three friends who were cured of
cancer with ivin and fendol and then the
internet is saying whoa you know there
are other claims and other claims and
other claims and now they're pretty
convinced that ior mchan and Fen bendol
are cures for at least some kinds of
cancers here's what you need to know
remember when I tell you that uh an
anonymous source if you have one
anonymous source how much credibility
would that be the answer is zero in
politics so that's a different domain in
politics one anonymous source is usually
just a madeup lie what if you have
multiple sources what if you had three
and they basically said something that
sounded the same three Anonymous sources
now is that credible no no it it's
completely
non-credible Anonymous sources always
non incedible suppose you knew the name
of the source but you hadn't any contact
with them so you couldn't ask any
questions you couldn't do a deep dive
but you knew the name and somebody else
had tell you told you the claim you
didn't even hear from the person is that
credible no no that's zero
credibility is there a reason that we do
clinical trials instead of watching what
three people said as reported by another
person no no there's reason we do the
clinical trials because that has no
evidentiary value none so I'm going to
cause some trouble today so I said I
don't think it's true I'm going to be
attacked all day long by people who say
Scott you fool don't you know that big
doctor or you know big Pharma is just
trying to sell their curers and they
don't want you to know that ior mechon
and Fen bendol is literally curing the
claims are that people was stage four or
cancer are cured you know not just help
them completely
cleared and so I asked this let's talk
to one of them just one sh me one live
human being who says something like I
had an incurable
cancer and I'm now completely clear
here's my you know here's my test
results um I'm sitting next to my doctor
my doctor can confirm that I'm
completely clear of a cancer that was
incurable now what happens if you talk
to them and they say well it wasn't an
incurable cancer and the the other
complimentary things we were doing have
cured it
before but this person was stage four
and they added these other drugs and
then they got cured so we're saying it's
the other drugs they added to which I
say but they were on all the treatments
that we know are cures so here's what I
need
I need an
incurable cancer one that doesn't have
any treatment as far as anybody knows
and and even if they combined it with
these drugs which is the claim that the
maybe the drugs aren't working exactly
alone but there's there are also claims
that they would work alone and show me
the doctor show me the patient and show
me that it was incurable except for this
intervention then I'm going to get
serious I'm still going to say I need a
clinical Tri
but at least you went from you know
Anonymous people being talked about by
other people to well these look like
real people and their doctor says and
I'm looking at their
chart maybe yes so I'd say we're U I'll
see New York judge Maran discharges
Trump without imprisonment fine or
probation in the stormy Daniel's case
wishes him well in his second
term everything's different all all
right uh that was a little
uh a little uh side conversation there
all right uh apparently there was a fake
alert that went out to everybody's phone
in LA county saying that uh they needed
to um get ready to evacuate this turned
out to be just a mistake the alert told
people to gather loved ones pets and
supplies and get out of town and uh it
happened when people were the most
frightened and thought it could be
coming for them and it was fake meaning
it was an
accident so remember that Richard Davis
Hansen analysis that it was a total
system breakdown well here it is again
they didn't even have a system to make
sure that fake emergency alerts didn't
go out in the middle of an
emergency that's the level of competence
it would take to get there is pretty
extraordinary but the incompetence is
probably the system like I I don't think
it's necessarily that one person push
the wrong button it could be but why is
that the system why why is one person
allowed to push that button you know it
seems like at least a few people should
be standing around when the button gets
pushed to make sure that that's the
intention I don't know get a better
system Elon Musk donated a bunch of
starlinks in LA and uh this is cool
apparently T-Mobile customers were
having trouble um because probably the
towers got burned or something um but
now musk very quickly tied T-Mobile into
starlink and you can
text so if you're on T-Mobile and you
suddenly can text you can't make a phone
call but you can text that's because of
Elon
Musk without Elon Musk everybody with
T-Mobile would be completely cut off
during an emergency I mean looks like
they have been for some time
but this is gigantic like the the level
that Elon Musk can contribute to a
Ukraine war or or an emergency now twice
I guess several times I think it's
extraordinary so just congratulations on
that uh meanwhile the California
National Guard is moving in we've seen
out ofate police moving in so the fires
have turned into an organized crime and
unorganized crime problem the lutters
are are organized there are lots of them
and it gets worse now this is fog of War
stuff but it's what's being reported
could be could be overblown could be
under blown I don't know that uh some of
the bad guys and and they seem to be
from a migrant
Community um and again that's
speculative
um they seem to be setting fires to
increase the number of places that they
have to
loot cuz if they can get to to
evacuate while they're there they can
get the good stuff before any houses
burned down now that's just about the
most evil crime you can imagine sending
somebody's house on fire so you can rob
it the the level of evil in that is hard
to imagine there was however one poor
individual a criminal who had a little
blowtorch and he was trying to allegedly
set something on fire presumably for
that purpose we don't know what he was
thinking but he you looked like he was
doing it probably as part of that gang
burning down homes and he got spotted by
some of the
locals the locals sent their men out I
saw the video of it and you know you
might be surprised that none of the
women came to
help which is good I I didn't want them
to but if you want to have like a little
glimmer just a little glimmer of
hope you watch the video of the
maybe half a dozen men who confront this
guy who still got the torch one of the
men is armed but he doesn't he doesn't
point it at him he just has it ready in
case he needs it warns him to stand down
the other men surround the situation and
they take him out now I mean they they
took him to the ground and handcuffed
him and waited waited for the police and
watching watching those
men not have any backdown in them there
was no backdown that they were going to
take him out one way or another they
were going to shoot him they were going
to kill him if they had to preferably
they would capture him and head him to
police so we could know more about
whatever he's up to and that's what they
did but I'm pretty sure if their only CH
Choice had been to you know do worse
they would have taken the only choice
because I don't think that guy was going
to walk out of that
neighborhood and things are getting
really dicey so when there is something
that looks to resident like a complete
breakdown of the social order by the way
I'll probably get demonetized on YouTube
again I got demonetized yesterday I got
demonetized for I don't know what but my
best guess is suggesting that you know
there there's a danger that's
approaching with h with this kind of
behavior so I don't know exactly what it
is I'm probably demonetized again just
for this
conversation um Nome says uh there'll be
8,000 of these National Guards
um I saw Joel Pollock who lives in that
area whose house seems to have survived
we don't know if it's um habitable but
um you noce that there are more pro-
Second Amendment people in the Pacific
Palisades than the bad guys might expect
so if the bad guys are expecting a bunch
of you know anti-gun people that they
can easily
handle uh they should be warned that
there's some serious personal protection
in that area so people have the assets
to protect themselves so I don't know
where it's heading but it does look like
a complete breakdown of of
order
um let's
see uh so you know that there's still a
lot of talk about whether climate change
is a small cause or the cause or no
cause or you know is that just being
political and I wanted to give you a
frame for understanding the climate
change issue and one that you haven't
seen before and it can explain a little
bit why the the two sides can't really
talk you know the the yes I believe
climate change is an immediate crisis
versus the people Elon Musk would be on
the other side which is climate change
could be real in terms of the climate
might be changing but it's going to be
slower than you know the the alarmist
Bel um so why can't they have a
productive conversation and like figure
out what's really true and I'll give you
my take on
that sort of the the hypnotist
take so if you can see my
whiteboard let me adjust it a little
bit so I just made this up I call it the
climate awareness chart so the highest
level of awareness is at the top but
we'll get there we're going to start at
the
bottom and
see here we go at the bottom level of
awareness and this is where I used to be
as a Young Man uh I would hear that 98
99% of scientists were on the same side
and I'd say well I'm done there there's
nothing else I need to know right I love
science science is the best way to find
the truth it's imperfect it's imperfect
but you know it's it's the best we have
so you tell me 99% of scientists have
been looking into it deeply and they're
all on the same side I'm convinced and I
was I was convinced now I would say that
level of awareness is roughly equivalent
to the people who say uh how can they
predict the climate when they can't even
predict the weather and I don't believe
in climate change because it's cold
outside
right so one is believing it one is not
believing climate change but this is
these are both the lowest level of
understanding and I've been at this
level I've been there if you go up a
little higher let's say you decide huh
I'm seeing two sides of this I'm just
going to look into it so you look you do
a deep dive maybe you see Alor
documentary uh maybe you read the most
official statements from the biggest
scientists and when you're done with
that you're going to say okay okay I can
see whether 99% of scientists are saying
it because I've done my own research and
yeah I mean it's it's like guaranteed
climate change the crisis because you
did your own research and then there are
also people who do a deep dive on the
skeptic side so maybe they never believe
the 99% of scientists or didn't want to
believe it so they did their deep dive
on the other side so they only looked at
the skeptic's arguments both of them
would be completely duded by this
process it doesn't matter which one
you're looking at if you're looking at
either the yes it's a crisis or no it's
not they both have the documentary
effect which is if you look at one
argument and you see a lot on that one
argument you will be convinced be Beyond
any doubt you will be 100% convinced and
that has nothing to do with whether the
thing you're looking for looking at is
true or not completely unrelated to the
underlying truth is a guarantee that if
you see one argument and it's really
welld developed and you spend hours on
it you'll believe it every time and you
can see that it's the same no matter
whether you believe the Skeptics or you
believe the the claims still completely
believable still absolutely no
evidentiary value no evidentiary value
because documentaries are always
convincing
even when they're not true so the only
thing you would know when you're done
with this process is that you're
convinced that's
nothing you're going to be convinced
even if you saw the other side you'd be
convinced and that's nothing too these
are both
nothings let's go up a level let's say
you get to the point where you did a
deep dive on both
sides which I find relatively rare I'm
not sure I've seen anybody who's done it
i' I've tried to do it so I spent a lot
of time I've looked at the claims I've
looked at the debunk to the claims and
then I've looked at the debunk to the
debunk of the claims if you haven't done
all three you haven't done anything
you've done nothing because if you look
at the claim you can say well that looks
pretty true and then you look at the
debunk to the claim you're like whoa I
didn't see that oh I didn't know about
how they measure that whoa yeah the
debunk looks totally convin vincing if
you're done you're not done because you
got to Circle back and see what happens
to the people who made the original
claim when they were faced with the
debunk and then they come back and say
but the debunk is debunked and here's
why and you read that you go yeah that's
a pretty good
argument so the problem is that if you
do a deep dive on both sides you're
going to find they're both convincing
and both not convincing
and you won't
know at the highest
level are people who understand that all
data that matters is fake and that all
projection models are fake and that it
has nothing to do with climate change
these are Universal truths if I were
talking about let's say the data for um
jobs in America you think that's real no
how about the history do you think our
history books are based on what's real
or what was allowed to be written it's
not
real do you think do you think uh do you
think there's anything that's important
and scale like big and it matters that's
real no because our systems don't allow
that who whoever's in charge of the data
is going to have so much power that
somebody's going to you distort them
with a bribe or you know so when you get
to the point where it really really
matters it's 100% fake or it's 100% sure
that you won't tell the difference
because you know the fakes The Fakes
will be so good that you think they're
real and the reason I know the
prediction models are fake is that
everybody who's worked in this field
including me now I didn't work in
climate but I did projection models for
a living Financial ones they all know
that the projection model is based on
the assumptions you put into it it's not
the data so if you're way down here at
the lowest level you think that the
projection models are raisable because
99% of the scientists said yeah these
are real but you'll never learn that
they can make those models anything they
want just by changing the assumptions
without even changing the data and then
they can say well this data is bad so
we're going to put in a you know a
little adjustment to it what's that it's
not science it's just adjusting it so it
comes into the same range that people
expect it to come into so in our current
world 99% of the people being on one
side has no evidentiary
value how many of you would agree with
that statement 99% of scientists agree
doesn't have any evidentiary value now
that's not true if you're talking about
something simple like you know does
gravity apply everywhere on earth right
100% of scientists would say yes they'd
be right so I'm not talking about like
one variable things I'm talking about
this big complicated hard to understand
things where there are people on both
sides and the variables are changing and
every day we have a new variable that
should have been in models but wasn't
it's like oh we just found out the the
ocean you know can absorb way more than
we thought well was that in the model uh
we just found a new technology
that can allow us to produce things
without the
pollution what was was that in the model
did you know they were going to invent
something um so the models are 100%
unreliable and if you believe that
because the scientist told you the
reliable they are you don't understand
how money works if you understand how
money works you'll be with me up here
that the all the models are fake and the
data is either unreliable or fake and
that has to be true because the design
of our economic system our economic
system and you could add the you know
the fake news and the interest the
interest groups Etc they kind of
guarantee that people will say it's true
while it isn't
true it's guaranteed that our system
would be there now here's a good test
for you if you're talking to somebody
and you're having some debates down here
in the documentary effect level where
you've you've both seen some stuff but
you saw different stuff and you were
conf convinced ask the person who thinks
that there's that the climate models are
real to list three
reasons that the terrestrial
thermometers might be
imperfect and if they can do it then
you'd have a reasonable good idea that
maybe they've at least seen both sides
if they don't know what you're talking
about and they insult you and call you a
creedon and change the topic it means
they've never looked into it
so here's what if if you can make a good
argument that the climate change stuff
is
real here here's what you should know
you should know what the heat island
effect is that's because the thermometer
stations were once away from the cities
but the cities grew and the heat from
the city is not really what the planet
heat is it would artificially Chang the
ther thermometers would you know that
did you know that the little enclosure
measures for the
thermometers are in buildings that are
painted usually painted white and that
when the paint Fades as it does it can
change the temperature of the
thermometer having nothing to do with
the planet and everything to do with
just the paint faded did you know that
did you know that if a thermometer
breaks or is missing sometimes they'll
just plug in a number of what they think
it would have been did you know that all
right so if you can't list at least
three reasons that you should doubt the
terrestrial thermometers oh here's
another one how much of the world are
they measuring and when you talk about
the ocean which would be a different
measurement technique how much of the
ocean is being measured and isn't it
true that the ocean can store heat in
different places that are unpredictable
and in amounts that we don't exactly
know so that if the temperature
somewhere went up maybe it went down
somewhere but that down is in the ocean
and nobody's looking at it if you can't
answer the questions at least at that
level that you know that these are
issues even if you don't know what the
answer to the issue is you haven't
looked into it and if you believe that
99% of scientists being on one side has
any any credibility I can't have a
conversation with you so here's my
problem I keep running into people
online who are operating at the lowest
level of awareness and and they're
pretty sure I'm the biggest freaking
idiot they've ever seen in their life
it's like God God 99% of scientist are
you an are you a trite 99 Scott do you
understand that 99 is almost 100 do you
understand and I'm up here saying do you
really think the news is real you think
the news is
real I can't have a conversation with
you if you think news is real real I
can't have conversation with you if you
think the people getting paid to say
it's real or saying it's real and that
means it's real I don't I have a
conversation with you I can't so I end
up like sort of giving up because before
you could have a conversation on climate
change you'd have to start with how the
entire system works what the economics
are how people lie how every other
system like this is clearly and
demonstrably rigged and once I
understood that everything of this uh
everything of this type is rigged
everything there there's nothing where
you can't exactly tell and there are
billions of dollars involved that isn't
rigged they're all rigged if somebody
could make a lot of money from it and
it's big and complicated and you'll
never know exactly what the truth is
that's all rigged and there's probably
never going to be an exception to that
if you don't understand
that I can't have a conversation with
you about climate change because you're
so
lost and and again I say I spent most of
my early life at the bottom level of
awareness because I hadn't looked into
it and I thought 99% of
scientist they must be
right how many of uh how many physicists
do you
believe told us that uh string theory
was the future of
physics I don't know the answer to that
but I'll bet most I'll bet most said
yeah String Theory you know it's not all
worked out yet but pretty sure this is
going to give us something like you know
what what civilization looks like or
reality looks like did it no it didn't I
would I would say that all the
physicists probably just pared the same
thing String Theory string theory and a
lot of them were getting
money so they really were in favor of
string theory because they could get
funded that way so no you should not
believe anything that most of the
scientists believe is true but it's hard
to know if it's hard to know ah
scam in other news the Supreme Court uh
did a ruling on Title Nine and they're
not going to say that trans women are
women in sports so the court has made
the distinction between your sex versus
your gender identity you can call
yourself anything you want that's not an
issue it's just that the state doesn't
have to recognize it so they don't have
to recognize it as your
sex they may choose to recognize that
you have a gender preference but they
don't have to say yes you're a woman
because you say so so a lot of people
are happy about that I'm sure people are
unhappy about it but more people I think
are
happy um Federman Senator fedman is
going to maralago I think he the first
well it it's kind of unusual now
Federman I know you're getting tired of
me saying Federman is kind of awesome
but he keeps doing smart things and when
I talk about Federman it's not because I
love his Democrat preferences it's
because I like to evaluate the
persuasion techniques separate from
whether I like what they're persuading
so Federman just keeps he's hitting you
know line drives after line drive I
don't know if he's hitting home runs but
he's hitting line drive after line drive
in in the persuasion communication realm
very impressive and here's what I love
about this so Joe Mansion is retiring
and Joe Mansion I always I always
respected because he did such a smart
thing of being somebody who would be
willing sometimes to vote on the other
side from his team and when things are
so close that that one vote makes all
the difference Joe Mansion was the only
one smart enough to say wait a minute
all I have to do is are you serious I
can run the whole country if I'm just
willing to consider voting either way
like you pay me to do so if I just do
what you pay me to do which is look at
the topic and then decide which way I
think it goes independent of where the
politics are you will allow me to run
the whole country and all I have to do
is do the thing that you paid me to do
as opposed to all my co-workers who are
doing the opposite of what you're paying
me to
do
huh am I missing
something but seriously I have to ask
again all I have to do to be in charge
of the whole country is simply do what
you're paying me to do evaluate things
on their Merit independent of politics
that's
it and that is
it and apparently he's the only one
who's smart enough to figure it out
who's not named Joe
Mansion so I mean you could say Kirsten
CA was sort of in that same game but
she's she's out of it too now right so
at the moment the Senate is now swinging
on you know one vote but it
could that could happen really quickly
you know couple years from now straight
up tie Federman is in charge of the
country virtually right because he
control
Congress anyway uh Trump was saying that
an outing that all the he he's getting
everybody to come he's got the heads of
the social media companies the big are
all coming to visit him Federman coming
to visit him and he had some kind of
quote like you know maybe we're all
changing and he and he says that the
people are who are coming to visit him
from all walks are quite productive and
positive meaning that they're there to
get something done and they're not there
to fight and and it's not you know it's
not about Trump's
personality they just think can you do
these things because we need to do these
things
so that's all looking positive little
gold and
Agy um meanwhile CNN has this I'm going
to say a racist panelist there's a black
woman Jasmine Crockett who's on their
panel a lot and she pointed out the
other day she was a little debate with
Scott Jennings who's their Conservative
Republican kind of voice on the panel
and Jasmine Crockett claimed that uh the
most educated demographic in the country
is black
women and um the conversation didn't go
much further after that so that that
claim just sort of stay there do you
think it's true that the most educated
demographic is black
women it's almost true it's actually
almost true it's not true if you look at
the entire population of black women
compared to the entire population of
other demographic groups so that that
felt like that was the claim and that's
definitely not
true is it my imagination or can you
hear a leaf blower right outside my
window you can hear that
right anyway um that tells me what time
it is I think um here's what I believe
is true but I'll take a fact check on it
um I've told you before that black women
are killing it in terms of careers and
success so I'm going to agree with
Jasmine
Crockett sort of directionally but she
got the fact wrong I think directionally
I believe it's true that more black
women are getting uh college degrees
than white men and more than black men
too is that
true uh which would be impressive now it
also presumably be there there would be
a Dei element to that meaning some
people are getting recruited and some
people are getting you know maybe
tuition paid and stuff like that so
that's a factor I don't know how much of
that is but you know you don't want to
you don't want to throw out the baby
with the bath water so on one hand I
think it's a completely racist and
inaccurate claim that uh black women are
the most educated group in the country I
think it's just plain false but I think
what she was getting at is true which is
that black women as a class at the
moment you know the young ones who are
getting an a colle and getting their
first jobs and stuff they are killing it
they are killing it so I like to give
like full congratulations to any group
that works hard and gets what they want
so
congratulations I say the same thing
about the
lgbtq
lgbtq group um I think they've really
killed it in terms of improving their
overall situation I I'm so impressed
about how they've changed their
situation in a future decades very
impressive and black women same thing
they they are in fact killing it but
they haven't overtaken the other groups
yet because there's a lot to overtake a
lot of work to do but it's certainly
racist to imagine that uh her group is
the most educated um so if it's just a
factual factual thing I don't think it
you know I don't think a white person
could have said
that what if Scott Jennings said you
know the white people are the most
educated in the country
ouch I don't know if that's true by the
way but he wouldn't be able to say it
but she could say it and nobody
challenged it even though it wasn't true
so to me
that's more racist than not even though
I support the general idea that black
women are doing great
lately all right uh Elon says it's going
to take years to rebuild La um when they
try to get permits it's going to be a
problem and I put out the following
statements about rebuilding that you
should know that uh I'm asking for a
fact check so I don't know which ones of
these are true but this is my this is my
starting point the starting point is
that it can take years to get anything
proved in normal times in normal times
it would take years to get things
approved in California I know that from
personal
experience so what would it take when
everybody like 100,000 people are trying
to apply for things at the same time or
whatever the number is how are they
going to handle that they don't have
enough resources so if it used to take
more than a year in normal times how
long is it going to take in abnormal
times where everybody's trying to do it
and all the resources are constrained
and nobody knows what they're talking
about and the the environmentalists are
saying no you can't do that and you
can't even rebuild the environmentalists
will say you can't even rebuild you're
too close to the ocean
or there's a fish we didn't know about
before but now we do or there's a bird
or something so I think it could
take 5 to 10 years to rebuild a house 5
to 10
years now what
happens to uh what what do you think it
would cost to rebuild those
homes so if you had a home that was
worth $5
million what do you think it would cost
to rebuild it and let's say it was let's
say it was uh insured for $5
million or it wasn't insured at all $5
million home what would it cost to
rebuild it the answer is about 10
million if if you're building a let's
say a community like a big developer is
doing a whole Community then they can
bring the the cost of each unit down
because they're they're working in bulk
and they're they're Mass designed and
there aren't that many different designs
and stuff so they can build the house
for uh cheaper than they sell it that's
how they make
money but if you're building one house
and you've you know you want the rooms
that you want and it's on the hill and
it's you know first you have to do a big
cleanup and all that
stuff it's going to cost closer to $10
million to build a $5 million
house what happens to your property tax
if you spend 10 million to build a $5
million house well I think that they
would either um I I've heard that
there's a rule that if you're building
back on the same footprint so it's the
same size as the one that was destroyed
then you get to keep the old tax bases
the the old lower tax bases but if you
wanted to make your house while you're
doing it you're like well you know this
would be a good time to add that spare
room as soon as you do that your
property tax will quadruple you won't be
able to afford to live there so they've
created a situation where all these
people get at least the good news if
they could afford it the good news was
hey those changes you wanted to make
your house you can make them now because
the house is gone so you know design it
the way you want but it will have to be
the same footprint or their taxes will
double or
quadruple that's going to be a big
problem I
think um then what happens when the fire
risk returns because everything's going
to regrow and then the insurance
companies either haven't come back or or
they leave because you know nothing's
going to burn while it's all Rubble but
as soon as you build and replant and all
the you know the trees are behind you do
you think you could ever get insurance
would you rebuild if you didn't think
you could ever get insurance I
wouldn't why would you rebuild if you
thought you could never get insurance if
if you had kids and you say to yourself
This is the best place in the world to
raise
kids the kids are going to be out of the
house in 5 to 10 years you know
depending on the age if the kids are
going to be out of the house in 5 to 10
um years they're going to be living in a
burned out
Rubble most of that
time that's the place you go because the
lifestyle is amazing the one thing I
learned about it I didn't know anything
about the place the one thing I learned
about it is apparently the lifestyle
there wasn't just
good did you know that it wasn't just
good it was sort of like heaven that
when I hear people talk about it it's
like oh my God it was just the best
people the best place the downtown the
businesses everything was close it was
on the beach it was just the be it was
the temperature so you didn't have the
extreme hot because you're on the beach
like I don't know if any of those
reasons are going to apply
because it's going to take so long to
clean up so I don't know what that
does um what happens when you go to get
a builder and 50,000 people are ahead of
you for the few
Builders how in the world are you going
to get a qualified Builder maybe they
come from Mana state if you get a
builder from ANA state they're not going
to know how to build in California and
and they would be crazy to come to
California to start because the rules
are too hard if you were a builder and
somebody said hey come to California
you're going to say is that the only
place I could be a builder no you could
you could stay where you are and you
know build things more easily but if I
come to California it's just going to be
a hot mess every single thing I do and I
won't even make a dollar because I can't
even start and when I do start they're
going to stop me because there's going
to be some fish there next thing I know
I can't possibly make money and then I
have to learn this whole state weird
stuff the approvals are different than
any other place I don't know where
they're going to get the builders
so that has to add some years to the
rebuilding um and then you've got
unchecked crime let me give you the
worst case scenario it could be that the
people who live there have enough you
know male energy to stop this from
happening we'll see but what happens
when you know things settle down most of
the properties will be abandoned right
because most are burned to the ground
and they're going to be working on
approvals and you know even the clean up
is going to take a long time what
happens then let me tell you I think the
homeless are going to move in they're
going to put up a tent on what used to
be your home they won't care so much
about all the debris they'll like the
view and the temperature and when you go
to kick them out they'll say well sorry
I'm a squatter I got squatter rights and
you're going to say you can have
squatter rights on a tent on my own
property and then they say this is
California you can't move
me what happens then and what happens
when it's not one but the entire
Hillside is full of people who heard
that they'll never be kicked out and
they could be living on the best
property in the world as long as they
don't mind living among the debris which
couldn't be any worse than what they
were doing on the
streets the thing I'd worry most
about is the homeless coming in putting
on tents because California doesn't
remove homeless people in tents I mean
rarely um
and then where are people going to live
and also people might worry that it
becomes you know a crime you know
horrible crime place that they don't
want to live in the first place I I hope
not and where do people live while the
rebuilding is happening how in the world
are all of those you know 100,000 plus
going to be able to live close enough to
La that they have some kind of
continuity in their life you know maybe
even close enough to the school almost
no
almost nobody will be close enough to
the school they were at and I think some
of them burned so you're going to end up
in a different School in a different
place and now your kids go to that other
school and they get used to it and they
got friends in the new school and 5 to
10 years are going by and they're 17 now
do they want to move
back I don't know I I feel like the fact
that you can't stay local while it's
being built and there's there's nothing
local that you used the like it's all
burned up you're going to move further
than it would be comfortable to be the
owner of something being rebuilt because
you really need to visit the site a lot
you know if you've ever built a home you
kind of need to go there a
lot I think people are going to assume
they'll
rebuild but when they get settled
somewhere else that won't be that
close maybe the new life looks better
than trying to go
back so I think it's highly
unpredictable if you want the positive
news on that it would be that the it is
like the best place on
Earth you it's just one of the best
places so if it's land land land if
that's the real estate rule then it will
be rebuilt and maybe we'll be surprised
that California bends some rules makes
it easier to do um here's one thing they
could do they could say you could put an
Adu on your property right away if it
meets you know these minimum minimum
requirements so these are the the uh Adu
stands for
uh additional dwelling unit is it
additional dwelling unit so that'd be
like a little uh it' be the size of a
mobile home but they're more like a
regular home and you could plop it on
the property if you have a backyard and
if you wanted
to you could live there but even that's
going to take a long time so there might
be some fast approval of adus just so
people want be close can have some
continuity and live near their friends
but I don't know how many people would
take that option meanwhile the pope is
now the latest victim of what I call the
Trump effect well other people call it
that too um the pope is railing on a
January 9th speech he's railing against
fake
news The Continuous creation and spread
of fake news he said distorts facts but
also
perceptions so the pope is going full
magga
full
magga and uh he's against fake
news well all I got to say is thank God
all the religions agree with each other
because I'd hate for one of them to be
spreading any fake news but the pope
assures us he's got it under
control meanwhile um in interesting
engineering there's an article by Aman
chapati apparently the there's a US firm
in the nuclear business that wants to
build a one ground a one mile
underground tunnel or hole I'm not sure
if it's a tunnel or hole to uh Power
data centers so the reason they want to
put the nuke in the hole one mile down
is if there's a problem it's easier to
contain but if there's a problem it
contains itself because it can't
explode because it would be you know
held up by the entire Earth would be the
you know the surround for it so I don't
know if that really works but these
aren't the biggest reactors they would
be uh I think micro reactors smaller
reactors and uh they would stick them in
the ground and then that would make a
big difference uh some of the benefits
are let's see uh robust containment just
because of the Earth around it and
continuous pressure so that way you
don't have massive concrete structures
oh so it's much cheaper so you don't
have to build the whole structure if you
can make a good mild deep
hole
um and it minimizes the environmental
impact and you know I've told you a
number of times that holes are the
future of energy and maybe of other
things and I've said if we can improve
our technology for cheaply building
holes and tunnels we're going to be able
to have everything from geothermal to
you know better mining to now nuclear um
of course you could use it what's the
other thing uh geothermal is where
you're looking for the the hot water
under the Earth to to create power uh
but what's the one where you're just
using the temperature difference
underground to either moderate the
hotness or the coldness of your house
above ground what's that called but
that's another reason to have you know
good hole building tech technology holes
are the future
um there's a hobbyist who built a an AI
assisted rifle robot using chat GPT and
there's a there's a video that went
viral on Tik Tok I guess and it shows
the inventor with a robot now it's a
tabletop robot wouldn't be too hard to
attach it to a a robot dog or something
I guess but it's just a a rifle that can
you know Point anywhere in a moment and
he just talks to it he says there's a
threat you know on the left and it just
goes so um he the one he's using doesn't
use real real rounds is shooting
something fake
but how far away are we from telling
your robot rifle dog to go attack the
German front line all right rifle dog uh
there's a bunch of ger bunch of I'm
sorry bunch of Russian uh soldiers two
miles away in a in a trench I want you
to go there and in the order uh if you
see anybody who looks like an officer
shoot them first you or something like
that and then that set it to attack but
AI or robot rifle dogs they're
coming um the C CES show is highlighting
all the Big Technical breakthroughs and
so we're seeing news at least two
companies that built human robots that
look like real
women uh but one of them will will build
a real woman with the face of your
choice so I guess you just give them a
photograph of who you want it to look
like and they'll put an artificial skin
face on it that looks like the person
you want now at the moment these robots
are not impressive because they just
look like mannequins who happen to be
able to talk so there it's not like
you're going to want to take that robot
home if you know what I mean the it's
more of a suggestion of what's to come
it's not there yet but I have a
prediction about what one year from now
looks like because the robots will
develop quickly here's a conversation
between a married couple one year from
now human wife says to her husband I
want a
divorce human husband says okay can you
pose for a photo
first mic
drop all right ladies and gentlemen
that's all I have to
say it's
807 well where I am and uh did I miss
anything any big stories that are
happening yeah let me get a good picture
of you before you
go I'm going to
upgrade all
right all right ladies and gentlemen
um uh I have
I have some stories I think I'm going to
say for later but uh I got some good
ones The Carter Funeral yeah I didn't
talk about the Jimmy Carter Funeral so
um here's the fascinating thing about
the Jimmy Carter Funeral so of course
the ex-presidents are all invited so you
had the clintons uh you had only um
Barack Obama Michelle did not come we're
not sure why
um and then uh you had the
harrises so K and her husband and
then I forgetting who else was there um
but I was looking at all the people
sitting up front and it turned to be it
was Trump and all the people he's
destroyed it was Trump and all the
people he's destroyed sitting together
chatting oh Biden Biden was the other
one so so Biden he destroyed uh the
Clinton destroyed you know via
destroying Hillary um Barack Obama
destroyed Michelle Obama couldn't even
come so and then the funny part is um he
ends up sitting right next to Barack
Obama who just warned the world that
Trump was
heler and that he he he called the
neo-nazis fine people and you see Obama
and Trump chatting and joking with each
other
nothing's
real nothing's real oh Pence right Mike
Pence was there and Mike Pence was
destroyed by Trump as well uh was there
a bush there I don't know mean the bush
uh the bush Dynasty got destroyed you
know not George Bush but
so yeah it was quite amazing it was it
was Trump and all the people he
destroyed it it was kind of amazing
all right
uh you know I think Trump has a
superpower in forgetting what people
said about him not forgetting he never
forgets but willingness to just work
with you if it makes sense I just love
that
uh yeah trumpo in the
room all right all right uh I'm going to
talk for a moment privately with the uh
locals subscribers the rest of you I
will see you tomorrow for more fun in
games see you
tomorrow
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e