[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
coffee with Scott Adams the finest
experience you'll ever have in your life
and if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody
could even understand all you need for
that is a CER mugger glass a tanker chel
or sign a canteen juger flask a vessel
of any kind fill it with favorite liquid
I like coffeee and join me now for the
unparallel
pleasure it's a dopamine h of the day
the thing that makes everything better
it's all the simultaneous siping happens
now
go yeah that's
good possibly top 10 one of the best
sips of the entire sipping
Universe now we got news all kinds of
news but uh
I saw this little this little article
about uh there was a place in Upstate
New York where they found the what might
be the oldest existing
Forest that might be so old and has like
old kinds of plants and stuff it might
be so old that the dinosaurs saw the
same kind of plants where is this place
in Upstate New
York turns out it's a practically across
the house from where I grew up uh turns
out
have I ever told you too many times that
I end up in the middle of
stories for no reason
whatsoever so I'm reading this story
about the oldest forest I'm like okay
well the story about dinosaurs in the
oldest forest clearly will have no
connection to me so I'm reading the
story where is this oldest forest oh
it's in the caskill mountains oh that's
interesting caskill mountains is where I
grew up
where is it Cairo Cairo Koo Koo that's
where I did my grocery
shopping and why did they say oh
apparently you're not allowed to visit
this oldest forest place so visitors
can't go there because they don't want
people ruining it with their traffic so
it's just for science so there's this
place in New York that would be cool to
look at and it would be the only thing
in New York worth looking at but you're
not allow
you're not allowed in you grow up in
Caro I'll be damned maybe we knew each
other uh but then they throw into the uh
the article this is in the New York Post
for no reason at all they throw the
following thing into the article well
you can't go to this old growth forest
but there are other things you can go
to why is that even in the article the
only point of the article is there's
this great like Old Forest and may have
been around during the dinosaurs and
then they end it with but you can't go
see it it's closed however the good news
is there are other completely unrelated
things in Upstate New York you could do
instead and then it lists one of them as
ski Windom the ski slope in Windam New
York there was literally across the
across the street from my
house I literally could look at the
window and watch the people ski on the
mountain across from the house that's
where I worked I used to work at the
wind MOS SL anyway all stories about
me speaking about things about me um I
made a discovery that is just blowing my
freaking mind now I know this will be
more about me than
you but this is really interesting to me
it might not be interesting to you I
I'll say that right up front so I made a
little Discovery somebody has uploaded
the the old Dilbert animated TV show
that ran for two half season seasons on
UPN back in the year 2000 and
2001 and uh they took out you know the
opening and closing credits so it's like
10 hours of just solid Dilbert now I
didn't remember most of it even though I
wrote I think I wrote at least half of
it uh the scripts but it's been so long
that I didn't really remember the
specific jokes or anything so I started
watching and I thought oh wow strangely
this held up really well you know a lot
of humor doesn't hold up but it held up
really well and then I did something
that was really interesting I had one
complaint with the series myself you
know when it was made and it was that
the actors all talked slowly and I
didn't know that until the first initial
animation came back and I thought why is
everybody talking slowly now they were
not talking slowly they were talking
normal but what I didn't realize and it
just took me a while to piece it
together I always wondered why The
Simpsons and other you know really well
performing Comics everybody seemed to
talk
fast so in just a whim of curiosity I
set the the YouTube uh viewing at 1.25
speed and at 1.25
speed that is a magical show oh
my God it's so good at 1.25 I screamed
like I howled I was crying watching
things that some of it I wrote I just
didn't remember yeah the difference
between regular speed and
1.25 takes it into whole a whole new
category now if you're interested enough
to watch it and especially if you
watched it before what here's what to
look for look for the first half of the
episodes you know the first 10 or so
they're not really that strong and
there's a reason for that in the first
season youve you have no feedback
because you've got all these episodes
you've written and they're in the
pipeline and you don't really see them
until they're on TV so you don't know
what you did right and what you did
wrong by the second season half seon the
the last 10 shows or so watch those last
10 shows and now here's the political
part I'm going to tie this into the
politics
ask yourself if that show should have
been
cancelled now the backstory is that it
ran on a Monday night on the old Network
UPN and UPN decided strategically that
they were going to turn Monday night
into an all black comedy block now
nothing wrong with that that's just
probably you know good marketing and
stuff but Dilbert ran on on that Monday
uh after Aisha or something and uh had a
good audience good enough to be you reup
for the next year but as soon as soon as
the TV show has moved to a new time slot
and this is well understood in the TV
industry it almost always kills it oh
moisha moisha that's correct yeah it was
it was after a show called moisha and it
did well I retained you know a good lot
of that audience
so so basically Dilbert got cancelled
for being
white and but look at the look at the
quality of the show and ask yourself if
that show should have been cancelled
you're going to be
surprised all
right um I saw I saw a fascinating
thread from Kyle Becker on X who
believes that the NFL is rigged and that
it was obvious in the game I guess it
was a game last night I'm not really
following football but
um do I understand the story right I
want to make sure I get the alley
allegation right now this just an
allegation I didn't watch it so wasn't
it the Chiefs against the Dolphins and
don't we understand that Taylor Swift is
dating one of the Chiefs and therefore
that's like the biggest story in sports
because Taylor Swift is attached to it
and wouldn't it be great to have a Super
Bowl with Taylor
Swift now according to Kyle who's
watched a lot of football he says it was
kind of obvious that the refs were
pushing for the
Chiefs do you think that's true did
anybody watch the game now how many of
you had the same impression that it
looked like it was rigged yeah I don't
have an opinion on this but I'm
interested in yours a lot of yeses a lot
of
yeses um has anybody started to figure
out what I finally came to realize that
nothing is
real nothing's real absolutely nothing
is real do you know where I learned this
I learned this as a
child I remember watching um
professional wrestling as a child and
I'd watch it and I'd say I'm almost
positive that's not real I I feel like
they would be hurting themselves far
more if they were really trying to hurt
each other so as a young child I was
like I feel like TV's lying to me that's
not real and uh then do you remember the
game shows like uh um what's the one
with tic tac to celebrity squares
Hollywood Squares right Hollywood
Squares and there was there was a little
notice that came toward the end of the
show just a little notice it would say
sometimes well sometimes just you
occasionally we we might tell the
contestants what the question is before
the question
yeah do do you remember uh I forget the
one celebrity who was always
hilarious it was always obvious to me
that his his joke had been written in
advance yeah Paul Lynn right Paul Lyn
was always the the one who had the funny
naughty answer it was so obvious that
was
scripted so I grew up in the world as a
kid and I'd think I think the people
around me think wrestling is real and
then I turn on Hollywood Squares and I'd
be like I'm not positive but I think the
other people watching the show think
that these are spontaneous answers when
kind of obviously they're not
spontaneous
answers and then uh and then I remember
uh Jerry Springer do you remember the
Jerry Springer Show in every single
episode there would be a chair that
involved uh there would be a
fight every episode there would be a
fight and I said to myself oh that
doesn't happen by
accident that's obviously obviously
rigged and I looked around and people
would be like wow look at all those
Fighters and I would think you really
can't tell that that's not real right
well let's go watch some Hollywood
Squares and some wrestling we'll work
this
out now by the time I got to watch the
news as an adult
oh and here's another one do do you
remember when uh uh which which magician
was it that made a an airplane disappear
on live
TV who who was that the famous
magician one of the big ones David
Copperfield Yeah I think it was
Copperfield so remember watching TV I
think it might have been
live and a bunch of people would join
hands around this real
airplane and then they do some things
and the airplane disappear
and then they talk to the people and
they're like oh I don't know oh that's
amazing oh that was amazing I don't know
how that plane disappeared do you know
how they do that
trick all of the people are in on
it all they do is they they just uh
unjoined their hands and moved the
airplane out or whatever they did I
forget the details but the the trick is
that you imagine that the people making
the TV show are playing it straight
they're not playing straight it's just
entertainment so they're pretending that
the people who were on site saw
something amazing but they didn't they
didn't have you seen the uh uh is it
David Blaine or something or somebody
angel or something I who's the one who
did the levitation on the street Chris
Angel and you see the the clips of where
he'd go and it would look like he
levitated off the ground and you'd see
all the people go
oh do you think the people standing
behind him couldn't tell that he was
just lifting up on one
toe really you think everybody there was
amazed the whole crowd was amazed
right yeah the other thing they would do
is he would do two tricks now this is
just in general I'm not saying that
David bla did these things I'm saying
that one of the ways they do that is
they'll do two tricks one trick would be
obvious how it's done so if the if you
film the reactions to it it wouldn't be
much of a show people would be like
you're just looks like you're just
lifting off on a one of your toes but
you're you're angling your body so that
I don't see the toe so it looks like
you're levitating but really you're just
lifting yourself up on one
toe so what the way they do it is he
does a different trick so the different
trick is just you know real magic trick
so the person who sees the real one is
like and then they splice in the
reaction with the trick that wasn't a
trick if you were there in person and it
looks like that they were fooled by his
levitating now I think that's how it was
done I don't know for sure but if you
believe the magic tricks on television
are the same as they would be if you
were in person no reason for that to be
true now let's get to the
news by the time I was an adult I had a
very long you know history already of
knowing that the the things on
television were made
up yeah and so I wasn't too surprised to
find out that the news is not real news
but let's talk about the real
news so there's a story that the east
coast is sinking because of all the
buildings so not only is the news
scaring us
because uh climate change might raise
the water level but apparently the
buildings are so heavy that places like
Long Island New York City are actually
starting to sink a few uh millimeters a
year in a fairly substantial
way now what I think is funny about this
is that Governor Abbott of Texas keeps
sending bus loads of immigrants to the
place that sinking into the ocean
because it's already too
heavy I think G rid is only about two or
three bus loads away from solving his
problem if you know what I
mean two three more bus loads ought to
take care of the whole
problem so uh governor abbit for the
win well this is tragic news John KY
will be stepping down uh from his job as
Biden special onvoy for client for
climate yeah there will no longer be a
special Envoy for
for climate oh my
God oh my
God are we what are you going to do do
you all have a backup plan we we don't
we don't we're not going to have any
kind of Biden special Envoy for climate
we're actually exposed people were
exposed I I don't know what's going to
happen now I feel so taken care of when
you know i' I'd go side it' be like a
little tooo warm or a little too cold
and I'd be like ah curse the climate
change then somebody would remind me
it's okay Scott we got this John KY is
riding around in his private
jets uh filling the sky with God knows
what and uh he's got this because not
only is he John Carri but he's
the Biden special Envoy for for a
climate now if he had been still on the
job do you think that bask the football
game last night would have been canceled
because of the blizzard I don't think so
no I don't think so that's exactly the
kind of problem you get when the special
onvoy for climate steps
down all hell breaks loose snow
everywhere terrible temperatures I don't
think this could be worse so wear your
jackets people
well the Wall Street Journal reports
that uh interest in UFOs has reached a a
new recent High huh I wonder what have
what would have caused a recent high in
interest in
UFOs is it because Jerry Springer's
guests always get in
fights is it because professional
wrestling was always
real is that
why is it because we've been fed a load
of to keep us distracted
because Biden's not doing so well and we
got three Wars or four Wars or six Wars
going on and the border is
open well ladies and gentlemen I'm going
to go with the UFOs are a distraction by
our intelligence agencies there is
nothing to it nothing to it you're never
going to see a
UFO you're never going to see a UFO
sorry you will actually be a UFO before
you see
one that's actually literally true you
will be be a UFO before you see one in
other words the odds of you someday one
of you at least one of you flying on a h
you know SpaceX rocket to Mars pretty
good actually you know over the course
of the next 50 years or so pretty good
the the odds of at least one of you
being on a rocket ship to Mars so you
will actually be a
UFO before you ever see one if there is
one I heard I heard there's some planet
that we saw some indications of life not
a planet a moon and I don't know why we
don't call moons planets it seems like
discrimination I mean I get there's a
difference but
um so maybe maybe I doubt
it I'm going go with there's no life on
that planet and the data is wrong but
we'll
see um also according to the wer General
the probability of recession is dropping
according to the experts or actually
yeah so here's what they say according
to Economist surveyed um they lowered
their probability of recession within
the next year so it used to be about
half of them thought there'd be a
recession now 39% of
them and I ever told you that surveying
economists is about as useful
as nothing nothing it's as useful as
nothing uh the the best e the best
economic prediction in the past year was
from me yeah literally the only person I
know who said in public you know what I
think we'll do okay after the
pandemic I'm the only one but uh now
looks like things may be slowing
down now the econ economists on average
are expecting 1% growth in 2024 and
normally we would be closer to 2.6 so
that would be very slow growth but it
would be technically not a recession
because it's still growing 1% now let me
ask you this do you think economists if
you're taking their average especially
can predict the uh the GDP within 1%
no no these are pure guesses nobody
knows well there's an Insurrection going
on right now at the White House
apparently the uh Palestinian supporters
who are protesting broke through the one
barrier and they've reached the inner
barrier of the White House on their uh
attempt to take over the country and
non-essential Personnel have already
been
evacuated and uh the White House has
fallen is that too strong if they're if
they're evacuating people from the white
house uh hasn't the White House
Fallen I I don't think uh I'm pretty
sure that Biden is not in the white
house right it's a
weekend so so if you take out the
non-essential people from the White
House and the president is already not
there you kind of just gave up the way
house it's not like Congress where you
got hundreds of people wandering around
you got basically one guy who matters
and then a bunch of non-essential people
I'm exaggerating a little bit but to me
it feels like if the top guys already
gone the only one that matters and then
the non-essential people are leaving
already didn't the White House just
fall all right I'm exaggerating little a
little bit it's only to make a point
that January 6 was and U this
is not a real Insurrection
either may I remind you that should they
take over the White House we don't
automatically give them the nuclear
codes you all know that right if they
take over the White House no matter how
much sauntering they
do I'm worried that they're going to
start taking selfies and maybe touch a
lectern or two this could get ugly
people it could get ugly but of course
this is all helping um battle against
the the weird narrative that January 6
was a some kind of unarmed Insurrection
and if only they'd taken control of the
Capitol
bang they would own the military by
trespassing I guess that's that's how
you take over another country's military
by trespassing in one
building that's what the news said and I
know the news is real just like
Hollywood
squares well um so here's some v news is
it my imagination or is V making all the
positive news and everybody else is
making negative news well let's watch
that theme develop as I go so first Viv
news um I tweeted something about Viv
and Elon Musk commented on my post and
he said if it is accurate that the did
more meetings with voters than all of
the candidates combined then I think he
will do very well in the vote on Monday
and then he explains the power of an
extreme work ethic is usually
underestimated now I'm used to looking
on the xplatform and seeing people make
comments and opinions who are not
qualified to hold that comment or
opinion you know such as me talking
about economics such as me talking about
climate change such as me talking about
politics you know basically all things I
shouldn't be talking about because I
have no
expertise but when Elon musk
says he's impressed by somebody's work
ethic drop your
tools drop your tools pay attention
right wake up wake up Elon Musk just
said he impressed him with his work
ethic that's a long way from nothing
right long way from
nothing and who would know that better
than anybody Elon Musk by the way I've
always thought that the Elan musk work
ethic thing was true I I I do believe
he's an insane worker but some of it
might be a little
bit you know let's say uh what would be
the word not hyperbole but
romanticized yeah that's the right word
romanticized because where was here the
story about him you know sleeping at the
office when there's a big project he he
slept at Tesla under his desk or
wherever he slept at Twitter somehow and
I do think that that's real I do think
he really did those things but when we
hear the stories we imagine he's just
sort of awake 24 hours a
day I'm sure he finds some way to enjoy
himself he does have a lot of children
you know that I always think it's
interesting that we think we know
somebody
do you think you don't do you think you
know who Elon Musk is if you don't know
anything about his
 because he must spend a lot of
time during the 24-hour day enjoying the
company of women who don't mind spending
time with the richest man in the world
he does have like how many kids 300 so I
I feel like we you know we see this
little sliver of a person even though in
in this case his work life is a giant
sliver but there's always so much you
don't know about famous people yeah
don't assume you know anybody if they're
in the news all right so let's see how
so uh VI gets that good hit by really
one of the best endorsements you could
ever have which is Elon Musk saying that
uh he's impressed with his work ethic
assuming these numbers are
real but V is not the only one who made
news um D santis also made news which is
important because this is the big
weekend that Iowa is going to uh putting
in all their votes for the caucus so
dtis made some news let's see D santis
news was uh oh that's not good that he
was introduced by a guy at an event who
uh gave him a participation
Trophy and he said he has no hope of
winning but it was nice for him to
participate and then he called him a
snowflake so so that made news all right
let's see compare uh V made news for the
hardest work ethic we've ever seen so
much so that he was complimented for his
work ethic by literally the most famous
person in the world for having an
extreme work ethic so that's pretty good
that's pretty good but Dan santis also
made news for being pranked uh for doing
so poorly that we all think it's
hilarious he got a participation
trophy now
uh um I pride myself on being able to
identify professional work from
amateur this troll who came up with the
idea of a participation trophy that's a
little too good now if this was an
amateur who was just sitting around and
said hey I got an idea uh this is my own
idea I'm just going to give a
participation trophy now I would be very
impressed if an amateur came up with
that this looks like professional work
to me it looks like somebody put him up
to it speaking of which do you remember
the uh no I don't think it was V there
there's no indication that V's doing
dirty tricks by the way there there's
another dog not barking think about it
think about any lie that V has told
during the campaign none none as far as
I know he's not even been accused to one
yeah the fact Checkers have been like oh
God damn it didn't say anything that was
a lie again zero factchecking zero
accusations of dirty
tricks I mean you got to you got to pay
attention to the dog that's not barking
here I mean it's pretty impressive The
non- Barking
part anyway so I think that was probably
there was a professional behind that
funny troll about the participation
trophy but uh okay so DeSantis didn't do
well but at least Nikki made some good
news little positive news uh the
positive news of Nikki haly is that uh
oh okay well not some positive axios is
reporting that some Iowa Democrats and
independents are going to pretend to be
Republicans just so they can distort the
caucus
results so they'll be what they call
Republicans for a day because the the
system allows it it's completely legal
and they would do it to vote for Nikki
hilly but most most ly just to screw
Trump you know to make Trump look not as
strong or or to get themselves a weaker
candidate they say now let me ask you
this I'm introducing today my new
segment that I call is it news or
propaganda so this is reported in axos I
didn't didn't see it anywhere else but
maybe it's somewhere else but axos has
decided that this is a story that I
hadn't heard before that people are
crossing over Democrats are pretending
to be Republicans to screw the
Republicans now is that news or is
axios prodding the Democrats to do this
trick is this
responsible is it responsible for them
to report it when it guarantees there
will be more of it because of the
reporting because keep in mind the
reporting is saying this is perfectly
legal this is not illegal it's
transparent and a s because everybody
knows it's happening so is
axios
uh becoming the news or reporting the
news to me it looks like axios wanted to
create the news or create more of it
this doesn't look legitimate to me does
it look legitimate to you or do you
think this is just politically motivated
and you wouldn't normally see it as news
I'm interested in it I think I think the
fact of it is very interesting
but why aren the other why are the other
outlets not also reporting on it because
it's so interesting that I would say wow
this is actually pretty
important I'm going to take a guess that
some of the other
outlets might be hiding it yeah they
they might just like the fact that you
don't know maybe but I would think that
others who just have a higher ethical
standard because I consider this
unethical reporting on the weekend of
the event
it it seems like it's more prodding them
to do it than it is talking about it
that's just how I receive
it all right um I told you the other day
that uh I didn't know who all these
Haley supporters were you know this
could be one of the reasons that the she
poll is better than you think because I
had noted that in my own life I knew
only one person literally one who
supported Nikki Haley but when I told
you that I lied I'm sorry all right so I
have to confess I told you publicly that
I I only knew one Nikki Hy supporter and
that's not true it's not
true um that one supporter informed me
that he switched to
VI I don't know one I do not know a
single Nikki Haley supporter I did for a
while you know for for a few weeks there
I totally knew one but not not
anymore not
anymore all right um let's see and then
I saw a a comment by the amuse account
on X amuse is a good accountant to
follow and about election rigging now
amuse says the reason multiple states
are refusing to allow anyone to run
against Biden in the primary is to allow
Democrats to vote for Nikki Hill
in the GOP
primaries H now I don't think that's the
only reason you know Biden just doesn't
want a primary he doesn't want to lose
but one of the effects of not having a
primary is it frees up some Democrats
who would have otherwise had to register
as a Democrat to vote in the Democrat
primary but what if there is no Democrat
primary ahuh now they're all free
agents now they can now they can rig the
system by voting at as Republicans right
so you already have your answer that the
election is
rigged it's already rigged in the
primary to to me that's obviously rigged
now it could be
accidental but it's no less rigged
because
it it introduces a variable that is
independent from the will of people will
that say oh rig is too strong work is it
implies something but I say if you
introduce a
variable that changes the
outcome and it's not based on the will
of the people that's
rigged yeah anything that isn't
something like giving the voters useful
information and making it easier to vote
legally anything that's outside of that
domain is probably
rigging it might be legal
but it's rigging nonetheless so the big
story you want me to talk about is that
Trump uh slapped uh vake in some
comments and called him a fraud now when
I first heard the news that Trump had uh
maybe backed off from his love affair
with
v um and and vice versa but not really I
thought who this is some story look
looks like we're g to have some fighting
some Intrigue get some
drama okay it looks like it was just
sort of a
misunderstanding so the reporting if you
can trust it is that there was a a
photograph of vake posing with some
people who had shirts on that said
something like uh protect Trump vote for
V is that what he said protect Trump
vote for V now the first thing you need
to know oh save Trump save Trump vote
for V now I don't even know what that
means oh V made the shirt well did he I
don't know if that's true can you
confirm
that I don't know if you can confirm
that but what does it
mean what does it even mean I don't know
what it means save
Trump vote for V what does that mean the
only thing I could think it means is
that they're uh they think V would be
his vice
president because having V in the race
does make uh Trump more assassination
proof and also lawfare proof because the
last thing they want is a stronger
candidate they the other team so in some
sense I do think that vake having a
strong showing does protect trump it
literally could save his life so I think
that Trump and his team may have
actually I don't know what this shirt
means does does anybody have a different
interpretation does anybody have a
different
interpretation oh was it about pardoning
Trump but the others would have pardoned
him too it's about the pardon is that
how you interpreted
it uh well I don't know so here's what I
think so what happened was uh Trump
trump attacked him and called him a
fraud but when I first heard the story
what I thought was that Trump was
attacking him the same way uh his
enemies
are because the anti people are saying
you know there's something suspicious
about how well he's
doing so they're thinking you must be a
you know from the wef or the cia's
endorsement him or something because
he's too good he was always too good
like he's always been too
good he went to a really good school did
really well in business he's always been
too good he this just more of it so he
just happens to take his being too good
to politics so it's not mysterious and
it's not an indication that there are
dark Forces behind it there's no
indication of that at all it's all
complete but I thought that
Trump would was jumping on that train
because that seems to be where he has
some weakness for in terms of
trust I don't think that's a valid
concern but people have that concern
now I think that Trump when well when I
read Trump's actual words he went after
uh V for not being as much a supporter
of trump as he said he was so Trump's
only problem with
v is that V went from full-throated
support to something that was a little
bit
less or could be looking like that so
basically Trump was not attacking V for
who V was or what he stood for his
policies or his character it was really
all about what V thought of trump
himself that's it so that's just the
most trumpan thing in the world because
one of the things I like about Trump is
says out loud I like the people like me
I I just love that he says that right
out loud yeah I like the people like
me because that that literally describes
all of
us it's really hard to dislike somebody
who actively likes you yeah it's just
very human so every time he says it I go
okay that's the most honest thing
somebody said today I like the people
like
me so if aake looked like he was pulling
back from his full-throated support of
Trump trump was giving him a brushback
pitch none of this is important so then
V came out with a long thread in which
he
explained you know that he appreciates
and respects Trump's job Etc what the
work he's done so they're all good there
there's no there's no real issue there
that was just pure politics a little bit
of a brushback in the context of a game
no problem no no harm no foul I think so
that's a non-story that could have been
a story but really it was a slight
Miss and like I say the biggest
complaints about V and this isn't a joke
this this is literally true the biggest
complaints about V is that he seems too
good to be
true don't let that stop you don't let
that stop you too good to be true isn't
the reason to not trust
them how about the fact that he hasn't
been in politics his whole life and he's
bringing you a you know a Jeffersonian
almost uh approach that we long for and
are thirsting for and that he's he's
recommended practical solutions for
almost all of our
problems I think those are important
things not he's too good so he must be a
trick sometimes people are just better
than other people that's the
thing all right
and I think it's interesting that VI's
entire campaign is built on um bringing
Merit back as our Central American theme
instead of you know race and the and the
first thing they do to the guy who's
who's saying Merit Merit Merit is people
are saying I'm not sure you deserve this
come
on he just did a double grassly in Iowa
listen to Elon Musk nobody deserves it
more if you're going to look at effort
at risk too he's putting himself at a
great risk well uh as Steve Malloy
points out on X the New York Times had
these two articles so far in January
these are two headlines both in the New
York Times on January 2nd global warming
to end the
snow 10 days later also New York Times
January 12th headline global warming to
increase snow
oh my God it's getting hard not to be a
Clos skeptic it's getting really hard to
think any of this is not
 yeah it looks like to
me and uh what step Moy says is it's the
say anything science behind climate hoax
it really is say
anything uh I saw a throw flake
yesterday so must be climate
change uh I saw a bird die climate
change just say
anything uh I've got uh I've got hiccups
climate change say
anything uh there's a little viral video
going around uh and I can I can talk
about this for the first
time I I'm going to throw a little free
speech at you ready you ready for some
unfiltered free speech for the first
time ever on this
topic all right so in Australia there's
some kind of public hearing on the
gender pay Gap and it features a uh
politician who was politely asking
questions about how it was calculated
down there in Australia and it looked
like there was nothing but women who
were testifying in in the audience so it
was just all women on sort of one end of
things and on the other end of things
was this uh looked like a
politician and he was asking questions
just asking how they calculated it so he
he asked uh have they taken into account
the difference in hours worked between
men and
women and the answer was uh well we
annualized you know the the
women now annualized means you didn't
actually measure what they
made you you imagined what it could have
been under different situations you
annualized it annualizing isn't
measuring
it that's not what that is
so then the gentleman asked very
politely so suppose you were looking at
it on an hourly basis what would be the
difference between the men and the women
on an hourly basis because that would be
the logical way to measure this right
and they said
well they didn't
know that was the whole argument the
whole argument is if you do the same
amount of work for the same amount of
hours you're measuring whether or not
there's a
difference and they didn't measure that
so the only thing that they didn't
measure is the only thing that mattered
if you did the same job for the same
hours did you get the same pay the only
thing that mattered see they didn't
measure that they measured some other
stuff and annualized that came up with
the wrong
number now I'm going to say the thing
that I couldn't say out loud before the
reason that people still believe there's
a gender pay Gap is because women are
bad at
math I'll just let that sit there for a
while that's not a joke that's true now
let me say as clearly as
possible there are lots of women who are
better at math than I am all right so
just hear this clearly I'm not saying
I'm better than math than
women yeah I could name three women in
my personal Circle who are unambiguously
better at math and statistics than I am
no doubt about it
but here's the secret you know those
women I said are better at math than I
am not a single one of them believes
there is such a thing as the gender pay
Gap that's right there are lots of women
who know more math than I do but none of
them believe in the gender pay Gap none
of them you know why well I tipped It
Off why they're good at
math yeah if you're good at math it
doesn't exist you actually have to be
dumb enough not to know how to calculate
it or to not understand how somebody's
tricking you with their weird
calculations to even think it
exists it it's been measured for years
and whenever you control for all the
variables it disappears or I think it
gets down to about three cents on a
dollar and three cents on a dollar we
can't really measure that to that
precision
we can't measure to that Precision so
basically it's similar right so let me
say it again the only reason that the
gender pay Gap is still an issue is
because women in
general are bad at math now in general
men are bad at math too most people are
not good at math but it couldn't exist
without the vast majority of women not
understanding really basics of
math now if this were the other way
around would I be saying oh the problem
is that men don't understand math
probably probably that's exactly what I
would say because most people can't do
math does anybody disagree with that the
majority of ordinary humans would not be
able to work through what annualized
even means they wouldn't know what that
meant much less know that if you didn't
account for all the other variables you
would get the wrong answer
so it's a little bit more than math it's
knowing what to study it's closer to
economics than math but if you didn't
have that little background on economics
and math you would easily be fooled into
thinking the gender pay Gap was a real
thing hasn't been a real thing in memory
yeah I'm sure it was at one point but
certainly not
now
um so siga big insurance
company uh has an employee training
manual in which it says that the
scientific sh Studies have shown there
are no biological differences between
the
races so they want they want you to know
as Sigma that the science shows
scientific studies that there are no
biological differences between the
races you know what question that raises
for
me how do they know who's
black because there's no difference no
biological
difference can they can they sort the uh
the Asians from the blacks can they can
they tell the difference because I'm
told by signant that the studies say
there's no biological difference so you
can't tell by looking at
them and probably if you check their DNA
they'd all be identical according to
Sigma because there's no biological
difference between the
races
now uh let let me tell you my you in
case you haven't heard it
lately I I think measuring the
biological difference on the
average in any group you know whether
it's gender or race it's just causing
trouble it's a useless number because
there are no average
people what if you really could do a
good job and knew exactly the
average the average biological
difference between you know any two
groups what the hell is that going to do
for you cause trouble
start a
fight the only thing that matters is the
person that walks in the room and is
standing in front of you if the walk if
the person who walks in the room and
stands in front of you is Yao Ming a 7
foot4 tall Chinese guy who was good at
basketball it doesn't matter if the
average Chinese National doesn't play
good
basketball you're you're standing in
front of Yao Ming it only matters that
he's s foot whatever he was real
tll likewise right if Thomas Soul walks
in the room what does it matter if some
other group you know on average isn't
doing good in their economics classes
you're standing in front of like one of
the smartest people in the world telling
you and he's black telling you about
economics and explaining it to you
really well so what matters is that
person and every time anybody tries to
trick you and say that the average
should be part of your mental process
don't let that happen that that's just a
trick that's a trick to manipulate you
you should care deeply about not
discriminating against a person you know
a real person but you can discriminate
against the average all you want because
that's not even real who cares about the
average the only thing it's good for is
politics and it shouldn't be there we
shouldn't be treating people by their
race says
me
um and then I saw also on the Signa
thing it's uh explaining to their
employees that gender is not
binary uh gender is not you're you're a
boy or a girl but rather it's a
Continuum now I agree with that I I
disagree with many of you I believe that
sex is
binary you know there there's some you
know very unusual exceptions somebody
might have some mixed equipment or
something but sax is definitely binary
you know there you know a a a boy isn't
having a baby unless there's you know
major surgery involved or something but
gender is what you call yourself so I
actually you know probably different
from many of you I accept that yeah
gender is probably this infinite you
know infinite different scale cuz I
think that's true of every other
characteristic of every person all of
our characteristics are sort of you know
infinitely different from everybody else
so I I accept that gender is very much a
uh not as binary as sex is sex is
definitely binary
now here's my question though why is
gender the one thing you can be all
nuanced about and public
about aren't we we all a bunch of
gigantic
fakes right so let's say if I go to the
office and I've got uh let's say I've
got
lupus and I don't want you to know about
it because I've got it under control you
know I can do all my work and everything
but I don't want you to
know and do I make you know does I mean
do you need to know I I feel like there
are all kinds of things about a
person that were better if we keep to
ourselves like it's just sort of your
business but why do we have to tell
everybody our
gender like I get why you have to maybe
make a a sex distinction because you
know at the very least they're restrooms
you know so you have to figure that out
but why does everybody have to tell us
about where they are on the scale like
why is that the one category where
people's infinite differences
matter like what why aren't we all
talking about our I don't know our
religious beliefs or how fast we can
run you know uh I'm working with people
who can run marathons I'm totally
different from them I think I should be
measured on the scale of how hard I can
run but why why is this one thing your
your preference of where you put your
genitalia that we all have to know that
we all we all got to know what you're
doing with your genitalia
it's like I'd like you to know I'm
non-binary oh thank you because I was
wondering if you used your just on
women or do you also use your with
men because you know that's what I was
wondering when I met you it was the
first thing I thought I was like what do
you do with your
 I don't wonder that don't need to
know it don't need to know it I don't
need to know if you can run a marathon
or if you can't those are things you can
keep to
yourself now I I don't want to
discriminate because I legitimately
don't have any bad feelings about
anybody's you gender preferences and I
don't even know why anybody would I
don't even understand the I don't even
understand the point of discriminating
against people by gender what's the
point of
that but why do we need to know about
it keep that off my forms take that off
my government forms just get that
out of my face if you want to have sex
that's fine
all right
um so it looks like uh this is the
weirdest story because we're living this
this artificial World talking about Gaza
and and Israel so the new news is that
Israel is looking to uh do some military
operations on the border uh on their
side of the border with uh Gaza and on
the Egypt border now the reason they
would do that is you might say to
yourself hey why do you need to control
the Egypt border when and Egypt is
controlling it just fine and the answer
is Egypt is not controlling it just
fine they're they're doing a good job of
keeping uh Hamas from entering Egypt
apparently but they're doing a bad job
of keeping the tunnels uh from Egypt
into Hamas from supplying them with
weapons so Israel is going to have to
control it because Egypt's not doing all
they could to stop the
tunnels so but here's the funny part of
this well not funny but here's the part
of the story that caught my
interest um this said it was uh I'm
going to look for the exact words
here
um yeah so the Palestinians would be
concerned about Israel doing this
military action on that border because
for Palestinians it would roll back a
symbol of Palestinian
sovereignty it could also open the door
to Israel maintaining longer term
control over the Border after the war
War um Palestinian
sovereignty Palestinian
sovereignty who thinks that still exists
or ever
will go is never going to go back to the
Palestinians how in the world do we
write about this like that's still on
the table that is so off the table that
is completely off the table now gazam
might be rebuilt
but it will be forever under Israeli
security control because to do otherwise
would be absolutely stupid and Israel
doesn't really do stupid stuff you know
they might do things that you wouldn't
do or you don't like it but it's never
stupid even when it's stuff you don't
like like for example if you don't like
the uh the building of the Settlements a
lot of Americans would say hey stop
building those settlements it's going to
cause trouble for you and then it causes
trouble for us
but even if you disagree with
it it's really smart I hate to say it
but if I were there and I wanted to
expand my
control I would build settlements as
long as I could get away with it and
till eventually the you know the facts
on the ground are more in my favor
so they don't do stupid things and it
would be absolutely stupid to say all
right we'll hand over Gaza now that we
destroyed it uh we'll hand it back over
to uh some people who say they don't
like amas some Palestinians who promise
US they don't like Hamas so go ahead and
run Gaza knock yourself out that's not
going to happen do any of you think Am I
Wrong is there anybody here who actually
thinks that Gaza is going to be run by
Palestinians in a real way as in
controlling security because whoever
controls security controls
Gaza but why does the news still treat
it like that's an option is that just
because they know they have
to that they just can't deal with
reality on this yeah certainly for the
next 20 years there's no no real chance
of the Palestinians having real control
over that
area all right well that ladies and
gentlemen brings me to the conclusion of
my prepared remarks for what I think all
of you would judge as the best live
stream that you're going to see today
and did I miss any topics that you just
knew I needed to ask
about
um I think I covered it all my God I'm
what you call
thorough all
right uh not liking herass not having
the same agenda ASAS are not the same
that is correct that is correct yeah it
it's not enough to say that you don't
agree with homas it would be really
helpful if you didn't want to destroy
Israel and kill all the people there
although I think they usually talk more
about conquering it than you know I
don't think they care per se whether uh
there are Jewish people living in other
countries
um
all right the Trump fake Dynamic we've
talked about
that um yeah I think we've done what
we've done so ladies and gentlemen on
the YouTube and Rumble and X platforms
thanks for joining I hope you like this
microphone upgrade even though it's in
my face I call it the
BBC microphone
it's a BBC
microphone no I'm sorry like the British
Broadcasting Company they use they use
this kind what were you thinking God
you're
disgusting no British Broadcasting
Company they use this kind of equipment
Jesus you
people I just can't believe it all right
thanks for joining and I'll see you
tomorrow all you disgusting
people