good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams I'm
pretty sure you've never had a better
time in your life and if you'd like to
take this up to a level that people can
barely understand with their tiny human
brains all you need is a copper muger
glass a tanker chel of Stein a canteen
joger flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dop ofine hend of the day
the thing that makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous sip it
happens now
go oh that's so
good oh yeah don't take my coffee away
from me world economic Forum I'm going
to fight for
that well you might be aware that bar
stool Sports is going to be moving to
some some kind of a special deal with
Rumble and so Rumble stock was way up on
the news last two days it's pulling back
a little bit today but that's expected
because it was up over I think it was up
over 50% in two days I'm I'm a
stockholder so full disclosure when I
say nice things about Rumble I am also
an investor small one I don't have much
just you know my little
investment however as Dave Rubin uh
points out Rumble has also just launched
to the public its Rumble
Studio why is that a big deal how many
people are business model nerds do I
have any business model nerds where you
hear of a like a new clever way to do
business and you say oh that is so cool
yeah a lot of you business model nerds
that's what I am so here's what Rumble
Studio did so if you're a live streamer
like me your choices were to to stream
on one platform or to have multiple
devices and you probably said to
yourself you know I wouldn't mind
streaming on Rumble but you know I'm
already on these other platforms and you
know seems like it' be like extra work
and stuff like that so Rumble cleverly
builds the one tool that you need for
the other
platforms now if you're going to use
Rumble
Studio which would be logical if you
want to be on the X platform which you
should
and YouTube at the same time which you
should why not get Rumble for
free right so if you're going to use the
rumble Studio it connects to all the
other platforms well the four platforms
Rumble locals uh X and YouTube at the
moment I think I think you can add
others so the point is there's literally
one place you can go to now where you
can do um
reliable uh streaming on the other
platforms and you can split screen and
take
guests so now even even if your platform
doesn't allow that the rumble studio
will let you do it and then the platform
just shows the show so where locals
could not do an interview before now it
can you just have to go through the
rumble studio so uh for you nerds about
business models this is really
brilliant it's brilliant because it sort
of guarantees that if you're going to
stream
anywhere for free you just get extra
money by including the other platforms
and just push the button and they're
live like I just did so right now I am
live on the rumble Studio on YouTube and
Rumble and X so you can see how it
works
um it turns out that uh there's a saw a
new graph Paul Graham posted this on X
the women young women are getting more
liberal young single women and young
single men are getting more
conservative so where they used to be
about the
same uh they're wildly different now so
what does that imply about the future of
mating
well um it tells me that men will be
hooking up with robots and if you think
I'm joking nope I'm not joking at
all if you're a guy who's let's say not
in the top 10% of your height and good
looks and income and health and all that
other stuff you're going to be competing
with not only guys who are getting all
the all the dates but you're also going
to be competing for a shrinking pool of
women who are like you so if you're male
you're more likely to be trending
conservative if you're female more
likely going the other direction so the
there'll be a shrinking pool of women
that young men are willing to spend five
minutes with forget about sex they won't
want to be in the same room it'll just
be too uncomfortable and then a robot
comes along and the robot is always
friendly always positive never complains
never has a problem never tries to sue
you never never accuses you of crimes
that you didn't do none of it you walk
you walk in the house and the robot will
be like hey how was work you're like
well let me tell you about it and it
remembers you you know makes makes
insightful comments about your
situation yes in all seriousness we're
one year away there's no joke no
Hyperbole and I guarantee it that men
young men will be forming relationships
with robots because the competition from
women is so low at the moment it doesn't
look like it's changing
and again I'm not saying there's
anything wrong with women if it sounds
like that maybe I shouldn't have worded
it the way I did there's nothing wrong
with women is just that and nothing
wrong with men it's just that they're
diverging in their preferences and
there's only one way that they can end
up they're going to replace that thing
that diverged from their preference
there's nothing else that can happen
it's
obvious all right so robots will replace
women they're also replacing bartenders
so now they have a there's a oh this is
weird there's a robot named
Adam um who can make 65 to 70 drinks an
hour and doesn't need bathroom breaks
blah blah blah and I guess they're being
rolled out in various places now what's
weird is I used to own a restaurant at a
bar and our most popular bartender was
named
Adam isn't that weird because I was
going to tell you a story about a
bartender named Adam as part of talking
about this story and then I for the
first time I noticed oh the robot is
named Adam so what I was going to say is
there's no way that they're ever going
to make a robot bartender that's as good
as Adam I swear to God that's what I was
going to say that was literally what I
was going to say until I notice a
robot's name is
Adam so here's what I
mean when we owned when I owned the
restaurant I was a
co-owner um we hired a I think it was a
server first and he became a bartender
now according to the women who worked at
the restaurant the other employees uh
the only way to describe Adam the
bartender was something with drooling
and words that don't make sense
something like what do you think of Adam
the
bartender and they would just go into
some kind of shock because he was I
guess he was really good-looking
according to them now he was married so
you know he was he was sort of you
wasn't available but just the fact that
they like looking at him um the the day
he stopped working as a bartender the
the the traffic dropped off I don't know
20 or
30%
literally the entire profit margin for
the bar was
Adam now eventually he was replaced with
a female bartender who also understood
the show in other words she understood
that they weren't there just for the
drinks it was a lot of lonely guys and
they were there to get some kind of
contact with somebody
who good and she knew exactly what her
mission was we didn't we didn't say you
know of course as an employer we're not
going to say flirt with the customers
that's not something you say but she was
perfectly um fine to get big tips by
doing that so here's the thing how in
the world can a robot replace a
bartender cuz because I feel like it's
not understanding the point of a
bartender it's about the human
connection the the only thing that's
better than having a robot bartender is
staying home and not going
out if I'm going to go out to talk to it
to get a drink from a robot I don't
really need to go out at
all the the bartender might be the only
person you talk to all night you know
for a lot of
people so I don't know how far that will
go cuz that's definitely a job that
needs to be a
human all right let me ask you a
question and see if I'm insane because I
probably
am um if you follow politics as closely
as I
do I think most of you do or you
wouldn't be here um does it seem to
you that say 10 years ago if you looked
at a difference between the Democrats
and Republicans you'd say uh those
people have bad priorities or you might
say um it's all about the team or you
might
say um they're lying you know so both
sides will say the other team is lying
and they're just trying to win stuff
like that basic stuff but it seems like
if you were watching the news for the
last several
weeks the the Republican conservative
leaning news the frame that they're
going to put on stuff more often than
not especially on X is persuasion
and I feel like that's new and I don't
know if that's happening on the other
side if the Democrats are having the
same experience but do you see it too
did like today for example if aake and
others Mike Ben were posting stuff on X
that really was about persuasion in the
context of what some candidate is doing
or not
doing am I right that the persuasion
frame has overtaken the they lying frame
or they just have different
priorities do you see that too or is it
just because I'm tuned into it I see it
everywhere I'm just looking at your
comments All right so you do see it
right because I think the persuasion
flame frame is
more it's a it's a deeper richer frame
for understanding what we're seeing if
you just go with there lying there's
nothing to say that's the end of the
conversation well the Democrats are
lying well the Republicans are lying
yeah you know they are probably both
sides but somebody's doing it better
somebody's persuading and somebody's not
so the persuasion frame I think is the
stronger one so it makes sense that we'd
move to it anyway uh immigration is the
top issue according to a Harvard Harris
poll uh so if immigration is the top
issue in the country that means that
Biden has two choices between be between
now and election day he can either stop
immigration by pretending oh we finally
got the money or whatever it
is so he could do what he could do to
stop immigration and let's say he
succeeds wouldn't that be
disqualifying if Biden uh tried to solve
the biggest problem according to voters
and let's say he solved it he actually
solved immigration that would be
disqualifying wouldn't it you see where
I'm going right if he could do it and
the only reason he did it was because
the election that's completely
disqualifying because it proves he could
have done it it proves that he was
intentionally not doing it that's what
it would look like to me so from a
persuasion perspective he has two losing
choices he can either lose the election
because he didn't deal with
immigration or he can deal with it and
prove that he could have done it at any
time which definitely should lose you
the election I don't know if it would
but it definitely should so I I feel
like he's got two losing
strategies because the he's he misplayed
the immigration thing so badly that I
don't think it's recoverable at least as
a topic so Trump should own assuming
Trump gets to the general um he should
own the number one topic do you know
what the number two topic
is um the economy the
economy do you know what do you know why
the economy is number two and not number
one because number one's the economy
too it's all just the economy right yeah
if all of these immigrants were coming
in and getting jobs and adding to the
you know adding to the GDP and nothing
else they were just coming in adding to
the
GDP we would
probably we'd probably not complain so
much much that some bad ones are were
getting through because it really is
about the economy it's always about the
economy Carville was right James
Carville so
yes uh you there is an equally big
problem of apparently terrorists getting
through in large numbers and MS13 so
those things could end the country
completely they're that bad
um but we'd feel differently about it if
it were economically sound if it were
economically sound at least it would
make a little sense you'd have an
argument for it but there's no real
argument for it which is the vexing
problem um apparently Mexico is asking
for an urgent
investigation by the us as to how all
the cartels are getting Advanced
military uh grade
equipment well how do you
think what do you think is the answer to
how the cartels are getting Advanced
military equipment from the United
States
well it doesn't have to be our
intelligence
people it could have been
Afghanistan it could have been just bad
people selling it to him directly didn't
didn't Lloyd Austin say we we're missing
like a billion dollars of
equipment yeah apparently the military
is so poorly managed that a billion
dollars of equipment can go missing
which presumably
means yeah maybe ukrainians are selling
it right
so that's bad all right well uh NBC News
is reporting U and others are that the
LA times has laid off they're going to
lay off 20% of their staff 115
journalists and how was that story
covered by NBC
News
um that uh journalists of color are hard
as hit yeah so out of the
115
journalists um several journalists were
people of color so that's the way you
tell that story there's 115 of them but
since several were people of color it's
really a story about um abuse to people
of color because several of the
115 were people of color and and that
goes against their promise says the
union so the union says the company has
reneged on his promises to diversify
since Young
of color have been disproportionately
affected disproportionately is several
out of
115 that's disproportionately affected
and several out of 150 very
disproportional um but that the
companies doing this bad bad thing
according to their Union huh you know
what's interesting is you know the
industry was having
trouble but they divers I ified and it
didn't make a difference I I thought the
diversification would turn things around
in the newspaper industry because you
know if you just had more people of
color writing then people would want to
get their news from a smudgy piece of
paper because people love their smudgy
pieces of paper in 2024 if only if only
the writing was more diverse but that
didn't work out I'm very
surprised Elon Musk pointed out the
other day in some public Forum that the
uh Network news is down about 20 to 30%
in the past year but the traffic on X is
up about the same
amount
so how happy am I that I escaped the
dying just the terrible newspaper
industry the fake news
industry anybody who thinks that I'm
unhappy about getting out of that
industry you don't know me because I
felt really really uncomfortable taking
their
money because I consider the news
industry completely corrupt the
newspapers you know among the most
corrupt and the fact that I had to rely
on them for my
income was really really uncomfortable
for me so getting cancelled and you know
just having to build something honest to
make money uh was a good feeling
actually I'm pretty happy about it a
year
later uh time magazines cutting their
staff as well I wonder why people are
not trusting the regular mainstream
media as much as they did well let's
look at what green Glenn
Greenwald uh says about Nicole Nicole
Wallace on MSNBC so somebody named uh
ORF on the xplatform o RF put together a
mini documentary uh titled that the
Typhoid Mary of
disinformation and it's uh it's just
MSNBC host Nicole Wallace uh and showing
one lie after another or disinformation
I guess we don't know what her internal
thoughts were but it was certainly not
true and when you see them all
compiled it's really good
entertainment now let me say something
that I don't know if this quite Rings
true with you yet but it
will I used to watch the news to learn
stuff
find out about the
world but I no longer do I literally
watch the mainstream news to laugh at
how obviously propagandized it is so
what after the New Hampshire results I
now if you haven't done this by the way
I recommend it if you watch Fox News
it's going to be you know Victory laps
and people saying yay a republican did
something good exactly what you think
but if you if you watch CNN there's a
whole alternative Universe in which they
believe January 6 was an Insurrection
and they can't understand based on their
own reporting what's happening now
that's
funny the reason that all the hosts of
CNN are confused about why Trump is
doing so well is because they believe
their own fake
news like that sounds like I'm making a
joke but that's actually literally what
happened they convinced themselves that
their fake news was real and that Trump
did a bunch of real crimes including a
real Insurrection now none of that
really happened what whatever problems
he has with the legal system uh anybody
who's objective can see that nobody else
would have been charged with that stuff
so the public can see this clearly the
Republicans say oh the charges are
 so we'll ignore that and
January 6 obviously wasn't an
Insurrection so we'll just ignore that
and then over at CN they're like what's
going on oh oh people people don't seem
to understand that they seem to be
supporting an
insurrectionist it's because the people
do understand that all the news is
 so they're just ignoring it but
to watch CNN try to
navigate why why people are acting
irrationally according to them it's
because they don't believe CNN
that's the whole story and they can't
say that they can't say it out loud
because it would give away the game so
instead they have to act confused and
then they have to say there must be
something wrong with all those
Republicans they must be in a
cult so the best they could come up with
is that Republicans are in a cult not
that they've lied about every major
political story for 7 years that that
part doesn't come up as a possibility of
you know why things are the way they are
NOP doesn't even come
up all right van Jones uh is giving some
some useful advice to the Biden campaign
uh that he should stay hidden since uh
every time he appears in public it
doesn't Inspire
confidence well I think that's harsh van
Jones I don't think you should say that
the less we see a Biden the more we like
him in effect that's what he's saying
it's true but I think it's very unfair
and unkind now if we're only going to
talk about the bad things that Biden
does I don't think that's fair we should
show both sides so although van Jones
says and a lot of people would agree
that Biden does not Inspire confidence I
think he does and there's a good example
of it um there's a video clip going
around today and I'll I'll just quote
him because when Biden picks his words
he does it so well and he enunciates so
clearly that um I don't want to
characterize it I just want to read his
exact words the way he did
it President Biden
said so I was feeling a little down
before I heard that and then I thought
wow yeah maybe maybe he's right maybe we
shouldn't
so I wrote it down because I know I'm
going to want to tell my grandparent or
my grandkids someday I don't have
grandkids but if I did Just Go With It
Roll With It roll with
it I want to sit them down someday and
say you know kids it looks bad the world
looks like a tough place but I'd like
you to remember the inspirational words
of our greatest President Joe Biden who
once
said
and go forward go forward and and
slay well meanwhile over at the
University of Wisconsin law school
there's a course that you have to take
that teaches you there are no such thing
as exceptional white people wait what
yep there are no exceptional white
people it actually says that like it's
written down in actual words on a
document a
officially no exceptional white
people so good I didn't know
that good to know good to
do
um yeah and uh one section uh reminded
white students they benefit from racial
oppression regardless of their
Correctional efforts so no matter what
you do you're still a
racist if you were a rational white
person and you knew there was a let's
say a group or an
organization that said that no matter
what you do you're racist what would be
your right approach spend more time with
them get to know them or get the
away from them what what what would be
the smart approach I know I I think get
the away from people who would say
things like this and put it in writing
yeah you want to get the away
meanwhile in uh
Texas uh there's more uh I think there's
a a bit of a public push for maybe Texas
fighting back against the feds against
the feds who won in Supreme Court
Supreme Court said that the feds can
take down the barb wire that the Texas
state put up to try to protect Texas
from the immigrants but uh the feds are
taking it
down okay but there's some reports that
the Texas National Guard is maybe not
going to back down might put up some
more wire but I don't believe those
reports yet I would say I would hold on
believing that that's going to happen
maybe
um
and you know there there was a little
bit of a push for them to defy what
would happen if they did
defy suppose Texas just said you can
take down our fence all day and we'll
just put a new one up as soon as you're
gone what what if they just just kept
putting it back up would it come to
arrests would somebody get arrested
do you think the Biden Administration
could deal with an American being
arrested for trying to protect the
Border are they going to arrest the
National Guard they going to arrest the
governor I on one hand I don't want to
see a fight between Texas and the
federal government because it could get
ugly on the other hand I'm really
curious how it would
go because as long as immigration and
uncontrolled immigration is the number
one issue in the country along with
economics same issue in a sense uh or
the VIN diagrams are pretty
overlapping uh I feel like the public
would not be okay with a Texas official
especially a military official being
arrested for protecting the
country yeah I don't know what would
happen I don't recommend it but we might
find out well let's talk about the
Patriot front remember told you that
watching the news feels different now
there was a time when when this group
The Patriot front if I saw them marching
I'd say well there's a real news story I
I need to dig into the details of this
and understand it and everything who are
these people and now it's just funny
isn't it because they're so obviously
not organic and not what whatever they
are they're not what they say there
that's the only thing you can know for
sure so when I watch him it's it's as a
as humor it's like comedy are you with
me don't when you see whenever you see
the Patriot front in the news you tell
me you don't laugh you
laugh right when you see Joe Biden
giving a speech do you say to yourself
oh there's some new information that
will uh inform us about the country no
you actually laugh you literally laugh
when Trump is giving a rally and he's
you know assigning nicknames to his
enemies and stuff
do you say to yourself oh those
nicknames are an important feature of
reality or do you say well that's pretty
funny that's a good
nickname especially when he retires
them I got to talk about that in a
minute but the P the Patriot front
remind me to talk about retiring
nicknames in case I forget um so
apparently there's a video that purports
to be somebody uh catching the leader of
the Patriot front without a mask he
actually gives his name and he's asked
if he's uh if they're federal
agents here's his exact words when asked
if they're feds quote I'm not a federal
agent was that exactly the answer to the
question I'm not a federal agent h Huh
what would that leave
unspoken well uh that would not answer
the question are there any feds in the
group wouldn't answer that question it
wouldn't answer the question if he's
working with the
feds would it it wouldn't answer the
question if he's working for
somebody perhaps an entity that gives
them money doesn't answer that question
does it the only thing we know is that
he's not personally on the payroll of
the federal government which I
completely believe I don't believe that
the leader of the group is on the
payroll of the federal
government
but this ladies and gentlemen is what
you call a twoo specific denial it's
it's the number one way you can pick a
lie right there's nothing better than
this the number one way you can identify
a lie is the overly specific
denial did you kill that did you kill
that victim uh at 10 o'clock last night
no God no I didn't kill him at 10
o'clock
it was 959 I
checked yeah so the overly specific
denials are almost a guarantee of guilt
it's not a guarantee but it's really
close now would you like to see what
somebody would say if they had no
involvement whatsoever with the feds hey
people say you're you're feds what do
you say to that here's here's a an
honest answer if there's an honest
answer to be had it would go like this
we have no connections to the feds
whatsoever nobody in our group has any
connections to the
feds does that answer all of your
questions kind of
does kind of does yeah nobody in the
group has any connection not Financial
not you're on the payroll not that your
friends not you're doing them a favor no
connection nobody in the group no
connection that's a
no do you know what's not a no I'm not
offend federal
agent that's not a
no right now how many of you caught that
before I had to explain it because this
is a basic rule of detecting lies it's
one of the best ones yeah I I see a lot
of you caught it and that's good so
you're you're on to this now am I right
am I right that now that we can see
politics through a persuasion lens it
transforms it into
comedy perfect example the Patriot front
is nothing but comedy because you can
see through their persuasion so easily
do I care if the fans pay them or or
what I don't care it's just funny
they're not serious it shouldn't matter
now will MSNBC and CNN try to treat them
like they're a legitimate organization
of course they will which would be what
funny it would be
funny so let's keep
mocking well the good news uh it's not
all bad news today there's some good
news as well uh airlines are doing a
great job at increasing diversity so uh
Airlines have made that a priority and
uh the country is a lot better with the
diversity so airlines are improving
diversity so congratulations Airlines
improving
diversity uh next story NBC news says uh
the nose wheel of a Boeing 757 jet
fell off and rolled away while the plane
was waiting on the runway for takeoff
with almost 200 people on
board um they were on the runway waiting
to take off and the passengers looked
out the window and watched the front
wheel rolling away down the
runway now I don't know if they saw it
but I feel like they could have makes it
a funnier story so yeah well at least
that's not connected to any other story
in the news so we'll just leave it
there uh next story moving along Alaska
Airlines says uh many of its Boeing 737
Max planes were found have loose
bolts lot of loose
bolts huh do you know what is the number
one thing uh you check before you fly an
airplane did does anybody know A Private
Pilot if you're a private pilot and
you're in charge of the
airplane you literally go around it and
check the
bolts every time you fly it did you know
that you don't check the bolts oh every
now and then no you check the bolts you
check the bolts every single time you
fly
it how many of you knew that now
obviously it's a different situation
with a a jet you know the Pilot's not
walking around the jet looking for bolts
but don't you think somebody should
don't you think that every time they fly
somebody ought to check to see if a bolt
is coming loose maybe every
time so anyway that's
happening so again I just read you the
news with no
commentary was it
funny by itself right I didn't add a
thing the news was funny without any
commentary I just read it to you in the
order that I wrote it down they were all
real
stories yeah all right here's another
one let's see if this Hunter Biden uh
apparently he sold $1.5 million of
paintings so far there've been 10 buyers
and some of them bought multiple
paintings because you know one Hunter
Biden
painting is Never Enough you want you
want
multiple um now I was thinking of
getting myself a hunter Biden painting
but if I feel well again for you
business model nerds uh for the business
model nerds I'd like to explain a way to
get a highquality hunter Biden painting
without spending this much
money you buy it from one of the people
who bought
it cuz you find one of those people who
paid half a million dollars for a
painting and you
say uh do you have that on your
wall
no do you mind if I buy it from
you how much and I'd say
$200 and then they'd say $200 I paid
half a million dollars for this and then
I'd say do you have any other
offers and ladies and
gentlemen here's another example of
where the news
is just
funny it's funny because you can see
through it right I didn't add anything
to
it I didn't add anything do you do you
think that the secondary value of this
art is uh is it going up in value like
art does you know if you buy art from
one of the Masters it probably goes up
in value do you think hter Biden's art
is collectively worth 1.5 million the
stuff they bought already or do you
think the real value is might be closer
to zero after you've bribed the
government so there's another story
that's just funny out it's just funny
it's funny because you can see exactly
what's going on right am I right it's
only funny because now we're
sophisticated enough to spot money
laundering how many of you how many of
you let's say seven years ago would not
have even be keyed into the fact it's
that an obvious money laundering bribery
scheme you might not have even noticed
you would have just said oh that's
interesting the Hunter's getting out of
the uh influence business and he's
becoming an artist but once you
know that it's the most classic money
Laing scheme of all time
art uh then it just looks funny that
he's doing it right in front of us you
know
shamelessly all right uh VI talking
about Nikki hil's biggest supporters he
was posting this today V ramaswami that
he said Nikki H's biggest supporters
include the same left-wing Mega donors
example Reed Hoffman who funded lawsuits
against Trump it's now plainly obvious
says vake that her sole objective Nikki
haly's is to uh await Trump's unlawful
elimination from the ballot and trot
into
power it does look like that doesn't it
and it's kind of
funny
the the best play that the uh Democrats
have is to hope that they can jail Trump
on Trump up charges which is the
simulation talking to us trumpt up
charges uh or
that or that he gets assassinated I
guess because people are saying it out
loud at this
point so does it seem funny to you that
the only way to stop Trump has nothing
to do with elections the Democrats know
that they ran a caver against the most
popular uh political
figure since what Reagan Kennedy I don't
know yeah so no I I realize you know big
part of the country doesn't like him at
all but still he's a force of Nature and
they're running a caver against him and
maybe that won't work out so they're
going to need a plan
B all right
um
so uh here's what ABC news said about it
they said uh the latest New Hampshire
primary see strong turnout of
unaffiliated Voters and
moderates yeah so unaffiliated voters
and moderates that's that's what ABC
News calls the non-republican who are
voting in the Republican primary which
is legal legally they can do
it what would you call it
would you call it a strong turnout of
unaffiliated and moderates or would you
call it Democrats trying to cheat to
make it look like uh Trump doesn't have
a commanding lead when in fact with the
Republicans he has a commanding lead but
if they get enough Democrats to vote for
Haley it'll look like it's a close
election and maybe she should stay in
the
race now don't you think that's funny
that they call that Una ated in
moderates when all it was was Democrats
cheating so they cheat right in front of
us like right in front of us
transparently they're cheating and you
know it's legal but it's still cheating
they're because they're trying to get a
they're trying to come up they're trying
to get a disingenuous result they're
trying to fool the news who are on their
side of course the Democrats into
reporting it like like the result meant
something it doesn't mean
anything if you do an election where
anybody can vote as a Republican and
half of them tell you in advance it's
just a it's a play it's an op and their
vote is not even serious in any way and
then the news reports it like like there
was a primary or whatever yeah primary I
guess right so it worked isn't that
funny that because the news industry
simply has to talk about whatever is
happening they know that going to talk
about it so there's going to be some
chatchat about this primary but even
though every single Observer and they
even say it out loud knows that the
result is nonsense it's a complete
nonsense result because it's a
combination of people who are voting for
different
reasons that the the average of people
who are cheating and the people and the
people who are picking a real president
is not a
thing let me say that better if you took
the average of people who wanted to pick
a president
and you took the average that might tell
you something oh on average people like
this candidate over another but if you
take the average of people who were
there to pick a republican uh nominee
plus the people who were there just to
bias the thing and ruin the experiment
and you take the
average that's
nothing but the the news is reporting on
the average they know it's nothing that
you know nothing if you add together
numbers that don't have anything to do
with each other which is what they did
then took the
average all right so that's
crazy um also a is pointing out that the
Wall Street Journal Board
uh they uh they seem to be some say
priming the country for an
assassination H and here are the exact
[Music]
words uh so one of the
U Wall Street Journal board wrote this
strange things can happen so they're
saying that Nikki hilly is staying in
makes sense because things could happen
strange things could happen to Trump
between now and election day yeah
strange things H what would be some of
the strange things
well
um uh strange things can happen with
candidates who are this old and this
disliked by majority of the public they
say the 2024 election may have more TW
before the Trump verse Biden die is
cast how many of you recognize that
quote the die is
cast that's a Caesar
quote do you know what happened to
Caesar he is
assassinated yeah and and die is die is
right in the the sentence die the die is
cast so does it look like we're being
prepped
by the way all of your comments have
stopped on
locals looks like I can see that you're
typing
so anyway your comments just
stopped but they're still working on the
other platform other platforms so the
rumble studio is
working
um anyway so yeah I think it's exactly
what it looks like I think the Democrats
are literally
would do anything to stop Trump they
would put him in jail they would take
him off the ballot and if that
failed it could get worse
absolutely uh let's talk about vice
president because we'll be talking about
that until Trump pick one um it looks
like Glen Beck as you know said Viv
would be a good choice he told president
Trump that in person he says a lot of
other people say it too and then when
Trump uh as you know he won the new
hampsh I'm sure primary you probably
already know that um but he did
something that people are noting was
unusual that in his victory speech he
gave v a minute to
speak I don't think that was that
unusual because he says he loves V
because V says good things about him and
you know's he's definitely on his his
side and V was great for a minute and it
was funny but here here's the funny
thing if you weren't watching CNN's
coverage you missed a good comedy show
so I watched live As Trump uh was gently
mocking Tim Scott for the fact well not
really mocking Tim Scott but n mocking
Nikki Haley for the fact that uh she was
governor who appointed Tim Scott to the
to the position before he wanted himself
as Senator and uh that you would expect
being from the same state South Carolina
that Nikki hilly and Tim Scott would be
on the same page and you'd expect Tim
Scott to maybe endorse his State person
but instead he endorsed
Trump so you know Trump was pointing out
you know that uh VI that Nikki hilly
couldn't even get uh Tim Scott to
endorse her and here's how CNN um played
it they got rid of the laugh track now
when I say laugh track I mean the actual
genuine laughter of the audience and
then they did a closeup on
Trump and it completely changed it from
a joking thing that his audience enjoyed
because they did they were laughing
pretty
hard to something that they they called
awkward and when they went back to uh
whichever the host was she she she did
the Frozen face for a moment and just
said
awkward so everybody who was watching
CNN believes that there was an awkward
exchange between uh Tim Scott and Trump
partly because they rart it and they cut
off the part where Tim Scott joked back
because Tim Scott actually went to the
podium you know that and said into the
microphone you know in sort of an
aggressive but joking way um no it's
because I love you more you know it's
not that I dislike haly it's that I love
you more Trump now that was a good well
played Tim Scott actually spontaneously
and perfectly played the moment to you
know keep it joking so it wasn't too
serious and CNN got rid of the
laughs if you take the laughs out it
looks really awkward if you put the
laughs in you could see that you know
Tim Scott knew he had to like respond in
a way that wasn't embarrassing but then
he did so he came off really well I
thought so yeah that was fun that was
funny entertaining fake
news they also say that Trump gave an
angry
speech so again I didn't didn't watch
every minute of Trump's speech but when
I turned it on everybody was
laughing they were literally joking and
laughing at his
jokes and so that's why I saw oh
everybody's really happy and laughing
and I turned into CNN and they're like
he gave such an angry speech why does he
have to be so angry because that's part
of their dictator narrative they have to
sell you that he's not only a dictator
but he's a um
unpredictable uh chaos dictator
do you know why they can't say that he's
a dictator and just leave it
there take a guess why do you think they
can't call Trump a dictator and just say
just he's a dictator but they also have
to say but he's unpredictable chaos you
know evil dictator not just a dictator
do you know why do you know what Putin's
popularity is in the in the Russian
country Putin's popularity
I think it's north of
80% and I don't see people saying that's
a fake
number now obviously the news is very
controlled but Russia has the
internet do they not can't can't every
Russian get to the internet and see all
free information
everywhere I think they can and they
still decided that even in a war that
looks to us very optional from Russia's
point of you that even in a
war the popularity of Putin's like
80% so just just just think about this
the best
approach that the Democrats could come
up with when our border is open and
people are pouring over with every kind
of crime and fenel that you could
imagine as well as good people of course
uh that while the country is frightened
to
death that they're saying watch out for
the dictator because we don't want you
to have a president that has 80%
popularity and Clos the Border like
Putin did yeah Putin closed his border
80%
popularity now I'm not coming out in
favor of Putin this you know somebody
will take the clip and take it out of
context and say oh you're favoring Putin
no I'm not I'm not favoring dictators
I'm not saying Trump's a dictator I'm
not saying Putin's a good guy he's
not what I'm saying is it's hilarious to
me that that the Democrats picked as
their main attack to to smear
Trump with the the dictator label when
the dictator is the most popular person
in the world right
now with his own people 80% right do you
know who else is that level of
popularity I believe that president of
El Salvador right president of El
Salvador just put a like a million
people in
jail he put a million people in jail
does it sound like he followed all the
Democratic processes no he's very
popular because he acted like a
dictator yeah now it's not being
presented that way in our press he's
being presented as a champion of
democracy and he got rid of the bad guys
which he did but I think he might have
bent a rule or two to get rid of those
bad guys you know dictator style it's
just that the public loved it they said
yeah if that's the dictator you're going
to be I'll take a little more of that
and when Trump says I'm going to be a
dictator when it comes to the Border I
don't say I want less of
that I say when it comes to the Border
yes be a dictator that is exactly what I
want I want you to be a dictator On the
Border everything else well that's a
different conversation but on the border
yes yes be a dictator go take control
and close that that close that
thing all right
um well I talked about CNN being
entertaining MSNBC I just find
disturbing because and I'm I'm going to
say this this is not an exaggeration I
mean this in the
literal literal scientific medical sense
when I watch
CNN it looks like people lying and maybe
they know they're doing it and they know
they're pushing a narrative they don't
look
crazy but when I turn on
MSNBC they don't look like they know
they're lying they actually look
mentally
ill now Nicole Wallace she looks like
she knows she's lying she doesn't look
mentally ill to me but when I watch uh
Joy
Reed or uh racial madow they actually
look like they're having a mental health
crisis on TV
now again I'm no mental health
professional so you shouldn't take my
mental diagnosis from a distance from
people I've never met in person that
wouldn't be smart but the way I receive
it just as a viewer I receive it as
mental illness do do you see that or is
it just
me do you see that CNN looks more like
just traditional Liars who have a point
of view that they're pushing and see and
MSNBC looks actually like mental illness
to me not all of them you know Chris a
looks like he's normal he just has a
point of
view yeah I also think it's interesting
that Joy
Reed her name is to read a you know her
job is to read a
teleprompter but without the
joy so she's literally Joy Reed whose
job is to read stuff but remove the joy
and tell you how it's all bad because
Trump that's a weird coincidence and
don't get me started on a racial mad
now that's a weird coincidence too all
right um did you hear the uh secret
recording of Carrie Lake uh attempting
to be bribed by Republican party chair
Jeff DT allegedly uh caught on a secret
recording allegedly lots of allegedly
have to be put on here you know in the
in the era of
AI I don't automatically know it's real
right right so I think it's probably
real but you don't automatically know
that's real especially in audio only so
don't assume it's
real uh unless Carrie Lake confirms it
which she might have she might have done
that has has she done that yet has
Carrie confirmed that it's
real because if she says it's real then
it's
real all right did anybody see that yet
looks like the comments are working
again all right well um so what happened
on the recording was this uh Republican
party chair said there were powerful
people who want to keep you out of the
race when she was running for Senate in
Arizona and that they would be willing
to bribe
her he put it right out there there are
powerful people that he wouldn't
name and he and he actually said they
they want to offer you like a high
paying
position uh and she was like no no you
know this is about the country I'm not
looking for the money and then when he
said you know name a number he actually
said give me a number to take back to
them a other words how much money would
it take and I think he said something
like 10 million or you know he was
putting out some big numbers and he was
going to take that back to them and say
for this amount of money she would leave
but she said get out of here I don't do
that you know you're trying to bribe me
this is about the country falling apart
this isn't about making money
now if Carrie lake is the one who
created that
recording and it's not real that would
be hilarious I don't think that's the
case but I have a much better feeling
about Carrie lakes's uh honesty after
hearing the the
recording now you can't rule out that
she prefers to be influenced by some
other entity so you don't know that but
at least she wasn't willing to take a
republican bribe you know and you you
would think that someone who was at
least willing to consider a bribe from
anybody would have gone further in the
conversation right if she were the
person who would take a bribe from
anyone the way she would have handled I
think is no that's crazy what kind of
number are they talking about right
the fact that Carrie had zero interest
in what kind of a number they were
talking about like how many millions of
dollars they would give her she didn't
even want to know a
number now that tells me she's not one
likely to take a bribe in any context
because if you don't ask for the number
you're really not interested I mean
that's the minimum you'd ask for it's
like no I would never do that how much
are they offering because I even I do
that in my own life people will make an
offer for something I don't want to do
uh I remember early in Dilbert uh there
was some some company that did tobacco
products wanted to uh advertise using
Dilbert I said I'm not going to
advertise
tobacco that's crazy and then I said but
just out of
curiosity how much would they get
offer now uh of course I asked the
question but no there's there's no
amount of money that I would have taken
to advertise uh tobacco in case you're
wondering all right
um let's see what else we got uh Kansas
City has a reparations uh plan has been
delayed so the Kansas City reparations
commission uh they needed more time yeah
so that that's going to be delayed so
that's too bad because we were really
expecting something useful and good to
come out of that uh over in Boston
similar um they're forming a task force
uh but it's going to take a while now do
you know what I call this technique the
form a task force and get back to me
technique that's called the pointy haed
boss
strategy the point here boss strategy
involves oh yeah I'm totally interested
in that thing you're proposing that I'm
totally not interested in so I'll tell
you what what we need is a lot of
details oh somebody says car L said it
is real so we do have confirmation that
audio tape is real um well good for
Carrie she she went up in my estimation
because of
that and she's always very capable but
now we know she's also honest um so
Boston is also going to have that task
force take some time and get back to him
now it's I call it the pointy here boss
strategy because you don't want to say
no but you can't say yes so you send
them back to study it and when they come
back with a result you say that's not
good enough you better study it some
more until they just give up right
that's how it's done in Corporate
America just study that thing until you
get a give up um but I think this is the
same approach that would work in
Gaza so Israel has the same situation
they can't allow Hamas to form another
country next to them just like they did
before but they also because of of the
intense International pressure they
can't say they're not going to do it you
know which is what n is saying but it's
not working out well
so so what could Israel do much like the
reparations uh people are doing well if
I were Israel this is what I'd do I'd
say you know what you Hamas supporters
say that at the end of this war at the
end of the military actions that you
want to rebuild yourself can you give us
a specific detailed plan of how you plan
to run and um keep terrorism away from
Israel that's the important part come
back with a detailed plan of how Hamas
will take power over and that what they
will do specifically to make sure that
Hamas no longer attacks Israel do you
think that could ever be done do you
think Hamas could ever put together in
writing a plan that says all right we're
going to take over but this time we're
going to put in all these functions that
will guarantee that that we don't attack
Israel they can't do
that there's no way in the world they
could do that but if you don't ask them
to tell you what is your plan for how we
should rebuild Gaza then it looks like
you're the bad guy right so you don't
say you don't say no to reparations say
go study it and tell us the details when
they come back with the details it's
like give every uh black descendant of
slavery $1.2 million and everybody
laughs at it because it's just so stupid
and
impractical same thing would happen if
Hamas came back with a plan they come
back with their plans like all right
here's the plan we just go back into
power and then there Israel said well
the most important part's
missing the part where you do something
differently so so we're no longer
attacked like October 7th so so go back
and work on that some more until you've
addressed what you can do and they'll go
back and work on it for another year and
they'll come back all right here's our
plan we'll take over the government
Hamas will be back in charge everybody
will give us money to
rebuild and that's our plan then Israel
will say did you maybe not get the memo
we said this entire past year you were
supposed to be working on your specific
plan about how to stop future terrorism
because that's sort of a base
requirement for having a country next to
us and then they say well you better
give us another six months you could
make them spin their wheels forever
until they just give up because that's
what's going to happen with the
reparations committees they're just
going to spin their wheels occasionally
they'll come up with a plan that's so
absurdly impractical that nobody takes
it seriously ly and then they're sent
back to study as some more you could do
the same thing with Gaza
forever give us your plan well that's
not a plan try again but I definitely
would like to do work with you and see
what your plan is come back when you got
one and then
repeat all right so you know more
reports about The Soros organization
pouring zillions of dollars into various
entities and political groups in the
United States and I have this
question shouldn't there be some kind of
a law about one person how much any one
entity can put into the political
process now you don't want to say it's
zero because that's a free speech issue
because sometimes you have to pay to get
your voice out so that requires money so
yes money in politics and paying to get
your message out that seems fine but at
some point there's an amount of money
that's so great that you've subverted
the political you know
Republic so I feel like we should at
least consider a maximum amount that can
go into the system in every different
way so if the Soros organization is
putting you know lots of money into
different organizations I think you'd
have to sum it up and say okay that's
too much control for one person
something like that now I don't like I
don't love new laws and new regulations
and new limits on
freedom
but I feel like it might increase our
freedom by getting that you know the the
money effect out or limiting it h just a
thought I it just it just seems crazy to
me that we would let one person have
this much influence when we know
it right why does he get you know Soros
probably
controls 20 million
votes you get one but Soros can probably
influence probably 20 million people you
know just his own money
alone that feels right you know maybe
20%
of uh of Democrats would vote the way
they vote because they've been
influenced by his money one way or the
other that's a lot it's enough to
control the country
all right um what we need is love says
Jose what we need is
love well I'll try the love you try the
love I'll try being well armed we'll see
who do does
better yeah if you look at Zuckerberg
Hoffman and
Soros between the three of them they
they do control a lot of the country in
terms of our opinions
uh so doc Bo
Johnson saying some rumors about no who
is
it no MM JM says but clot that's me told
us Soros is just a nice giving guy a few
months back he called it all a
conspiracy theory that he was evil no I
didn't
nope it literally didn't happen you are
hallucinating I definitely never said
he's giving money because he's a nice
guy I said I don't understand I don't
understand
it which I still
don't so there's something about it that
I don't understand see you think that
Soros is the is the head of the
snake was that anti-semitic did I
accidentally use the anti-semitic Trope
if I did I take that part back but you
know what I mean it's a common common
statement the head of the animal or head
of the Beast I don't think he's in
charge I don't think Soros is calling
the shots I believe Soros is controlled
by
a somebody's country's intelligence
operation it might be ours might be ours
I don't
know um and I would imagine that he's
putting a lot of money into things we
don't know for the same reason that he's
being controlled by some intelligence
entities because I I kind of doubt he
could do so well without a little help
you know what I
mean isn't he an unusually good investor
you know unusually good for years and
years he keeps he keeps nailing you
doesn't he wow he's so good at
investing do you think that's all just
natural it's organic it could be maybe
he's a Super Genius but he doesn't act
like one when he talks you don't say to
yourself well there's a guy got
everything right I mean maybe got got
lucky when he started but I can't
imagine that the intelligence groups in
the various countries would leave him
alone right you you don't think
anybody's knocked on his door and said
all right you have all this influence
and all this money maybe we should be
talking to you because we want to
influence things
too so I don't know what's true and
what's not true with
Soros um I don't know that he's the evil
one I know that the outcome is pure evil
that that's easy to know because you
could just observe that directly but we
don't know
why don't know why that's still that's
still a big mystery to me and those of
you who default to it's a big Jewish
worldwide conspiracy um I will ask you
again who has ever had a conspiracy that
big for decades and
decades and not one
whistleblower not not a single person
ever said you know we had a meeting or
you
know behind the scenes people are doing
this or that not once no whistleblowers
that's a pretty good record all
right zor
Putin
uh well your comments are all working
now
good check out uh Google manipulates
elections yes I've seen that before yeah
so I don't think we have anything like
you know free and fair elections and I I
think that calling the 2020 election
rigged is sort of an
understatement I'm pretty sure they're
all
rigged I I doubt we've had anything like
a fair election now when I say rigged I
don't mean that the the votes were
miscounted I mean that if you count the
the money influence and the persuasion
and the fake news and the the law fair
and you know all the changing of the
rules and the
pandemic uh collectively it was a rigged
election no doubt about it all right
that ladies and gentlemen is what I had
to say today
and oh I I assumed the votes were
miscounted yeah so here here's my take
on the election personally I don't have
any proof of any election tampering but
in the context of literally everything
else being
corrupt you'd have to be a idiot
to think that's the only uncorrupt part
of the
country literally everything is corrupt
in this country everything not every
person Carrie Lake showed you that not
every person is corrupt but she also
showed you in that that the process is
always
corrupt all right
um that's all I got for you today thanks
for joining on the YouTube Rumble and
the xplatform I hope you enjoyed this
this came to you by the rumble Studio
which I highly recommend but I also own
stock in Rumble so bye for now see you
tomorrow