[Music]
gather round everybody
you're probably humming and singing the
theme song at home
sing along now pom pom pom pom pom pom
the beauty of the theme song for this
periscope is it doesn't have to go any
special way you can kind of arrange it
any way you want
could be pom pom but it could also be
boom pom pom pom pom it all works but in
any case I think you know you need to be
prepared don't come to my periscope
unprepared in the morning you know what
you need
yes you do you need a cup or a mug or
glasses time to tell is detected a
thermos of last cantina vessel of any
kind to hold your liquid I like coffee
and if you're prepared you're ready to
join me for a little ceremony called the
simultaneous it is a good oh my goodness
is good it's so good it's legendary
let's boost that dopamine shall we get
it goin here it comes
hmm have you noticed some of you have
commented that if you don't get your
simultaneous sip the whole day feels
like there's something wrong it's not
working
well that's because you have through
your own efforts of mine you have
rewired your brain to create a new form
of pleasure and that new form of
pleasure is a simultaneous set because
for most of you if you're drinking
coffee it actually does make you feel
better and doing it with other people
makes you feel connected probably boosts
your oxytocin I think it boosts your
oxytocin I would love to test that but
I'll bet you everybody who does the
simultaneous sip guess a little little
extra dopamine
little serotonin a little bit of
oxytocin it's good stuff which makes me
wonder here's my speculative question of
the day I like to throw in one highly
speculative thinker do you think that
all mental illness is incurable because
we can't figure out any drugs that work
now drugs do work on the number of
mental illnesses but the question is
this those of you who are regulars to
this periscope you have experienced
something they should change your frame
of reference about everything and what
you've experienced is me rewiring your
brain literally your brain is now I
won't say addicted but you have a
preference for and then join the toss
the simultaneous set not every one of
you it may be it's a third of you maybe
it's 75% I have no idea but I hear I
hear quite a few people almost everyday
saying how much they enjoy the silent
aeneas that it's designed to make you
create a trigger in your mind to boost
your brain chemistry
it's literally designed to do that I
intentionally set out and if there's
anybody who doesn't know it I'm a
trained hypnotist
I've been studying persuasion in all its
forms for decades so as a trained
hypnotist I set out intentionally to
create a a good moment that we would all
share each day and then reinforce it I
am literally rewiring the physical
connections in your mind actually
physically your brain is different
because of all of your experiences but
this one is engineered most of your
experiences in life are not engineered
you're just going forth in your life
stuff is happening
it changes your brain you hope it's good
now some things you do intentionally
such as take classes or get a massage or
something but most of your life is
you know irrational unpredictable forces
coming at you there are very few things
that you actually program to physically
change the structure of your mind but we
know we can do it most of you have
actually done it on this periscope so
here's a question how far could you take
that and my answer is a lot farther than
anybody thinks let me give you some
suggestions ironically suggestions the
one of the things that hypnotist do is
they pair things so they might if if I
wanted you to like something I would
make you pair it with something you
already liked so for example if I wanted
you to love watching a certain
television show that maybe wasn't your
favorite I could pair that television
show with other things that I know you
already like so let's say you like
hugging your your loved one so if you
watch this TV show and every time you
did it you were spooning with your loved
one this building would cause your your
chemistry to improve you'd probably feel
some oxytocin from the touching maybe
some serotonin little dopamine perhaps
and over time you would start
associating the TV show that you weren't
in love with before you know you didn't
hate it but you weren't in love with it
you start associate it with those good
chemist chemical feelings that you get
from the hugging over time you would you
would be able to turn on the TV show and
your chemistry would spike it wouldn't
be as much as if you were hugging but
associations trigger certain reactions
so in that way you can actually rewire
your brain so that a TV show that you
weren't in love with before becomes
physically pleasurable actually
physically and you would feel it your
brain chemistry would change your wiring
and your brain would change it set up so
we know that you can you can make bad
bad memories
figure you the wrong way and you can
make good experiences you program you
the right way and we know that those
will boost your serotonin and dopamine
etc so here's the here's the the
speculative part how many mental
illnesses are closely associated with a
lack of serotonin and dopamine a number
of them right a number of them are
associated with low chemistry of the of
the feel-good type now how that
expresses itself is different you know
you could have anything from anxiety to
depression to OCD you name it so what
would happen if you consciously tried to
rewatch to rewire a brain they had bad
thoughts could you rewire somebody
without drugs simply by association and
repetition to be able to boost their own
serotonin and dopamine simply mentally
well let me tell you this I don't know
everybody's different so I the first
thing I would assume is that if it
worked at all it would not work for
everyone because that's just the way the
whole world works right things don't
work for everyone but my guess is that
if you took a million people and try to
rewire their brain so that they could
intentionally create their own dopamine
either by a thought or a trigger or a
sound that you would be able to do it
now what I don't know and and here's the
part I'm positive of I'm positive that
part's doable because it's compatible
with you know every bit of science every
bit of experience it's a hundred percent
incompatible with everything we know
what I don't know is how effectively you
can keep a trigger working over time
because it might fade so you might have
to reintroduce new triggers you might
have to keep it reinforced all the time
I myself suffer from terrible thoughts
most of my early life and the thoughts
were so terrible and mostly it was
memories of my early childhood which
were
a nightmare of epic proportions and I
would have these thoughts about all that
badness in my past and it would ruin my
presence and it was very strong feeling
I mean it would really just you race and
the ability to enjoy my life now over
time I looked for solutions to that one
of the solutions is to stay really
really busy because if you your brain
only has so much shelf space so I would
exhaust myself with intellectual
challenges and things the things that
were more more distracting than the
thoughts that would creep out if I
didn't distract myself so over time I
found that I could starve the bad
thoughts until they faded in time by
simply just bombarding myself with much
stronger more important more evocative
thoughts now a lot of those thoughts
were of a sexual nature meaning that if
I was trying to avoid a bad thought I
would have to use the strongest possible
alternative thought to get the bad one
out of my head
and there's nothing stronger for most
people than a sexual thought so I would
have you know I would just put my
imagination in that realm and it would
just be absorbing now that alone was
enough I have spent my life trying to
find ways to boost my serotonin and
dopamine through natural means and I've
discovered one by one you know
additional means I've discovered for
example here's a little test to run on
yourself like most people I have good
days and bad days my bad days tends to
be not very bad these days I mean even
my worst day is better than most
people's good day if I'm to being honest
but mentally there are days when you're
happy and they're days when you're just
like a bla bla bla watch this
correlation in your own life watch this
on a day when you've exercised over I'll
say and/or had sex with somebody you
love or even somebody you just like a
lot are those days sad what you'll find
is an almost perfect correlation between
exercise and sexual activity meaning
that if you do either one of those two
things the quality of the rest of your
day is substantially better and you
might not have any different problems
than you had on the day that you were
sad but just doing those things one of
those two things will boost your your
body chemistry and the things that used
to bother you just won't bother you as
much now those are the two biggest
correlations that I find obviously the
other one who's in sleep if you can't
figure out how to get a good night's
sleep make it your mission to figure
that out there are plenty of articles
plenty of things to try there's lots of
technique almost everybody who's got a
sleeping problem is doing the wrong
stuff I can't tell you how many people
will say they have a sleeping problem
and if I say what do you do at night
they say well I read a book or watch TV
or they do all the wrong things you're
not supposed to be reading a book or
watching a TV in bed your bed should
just be for sleeping and sex and that's
it that's that's a basic trick of
sleeping but there are lots of other
ones IQ this isn't a periscope on sleep
the point is that I've made it a life's
mission to experiment and slowly build
up a number of techniques that I can
boost my serotonin and what I need to
somebody in the comments mentioned
eating a good steak now I don't eat red
meat personally but I can tell you that
there are days what I need protein and I
need to fish because I do eat fish and I
can absolutely tell the difference my my
whole body and mind are not quite
working and I realize oh my god I
haven't had enough protein lately so I
just go eat the protein
and I feel better it works so you know
the main levers that you have are let me
just listen if you're having a problem
with your mental health no matter what
it is I'm not a mental health
professional so you should not take any
kind of medical advice from people who
are not medical professions and and are
not there in person but I can tell you
this for sure whatever your situation is
whether you have an actual medically
defined problem or you're just a person
who'd like to be happier if you're not
rigorously looking for things to boost
your body chemistry you're looking in
the wrong place for happiness your
happiness is just chemistry
it's just chemical you know how to boost
it get more sleep have physical contact
hugging sex etc physical contact is 100%
necessary for good mental health I don't
think you can get there without some
somebody's saying LS they I think
psychedelics I have a legitimate place
in good mental health and we're going to
find out a lot more about that in the
coming coming years because all the
trend is in that direction so you've got
your make sure you got your diet right
you got to get rid of the carbs get rid
of the simple carbs exercise physical
touch and then make sure that you've got
something in your life to look forward
to I like to have at least one project
going on that even if my day is full of
you know tedious stuff I just have to
get done that I've always got that thing
in my head it's like as soon as I'm done
with this tedious stuff you spend a
little time doing this cool thing that
might change the world so I always have
at least one change-the-world thing
somebody in the comments is mentioning
sunlight absolutely sunlight activities
you enjoy a massage a little good
entertainment now here's what you should
avoid
avoid toxic people avoid them like the
plague cut them out of your life just
don't return their phone calls that's it
just don't even return their phone calls
you don't have time for toxic people
likewise do not consume entertainment
that's awful awful meaning violent or
scary or upsetting I don't even watch
comedies that are about something bad
happening to somebody you think there's
the fair they get a divorce I won't even
watch that those things depress your
chemistry and even if he might and sad
music don't listen to sad music sad
movies sad TV show sad books get a
Manning life all right so do more of
watching this periscope here's my point
wherever you are on the mental health
spectrum most of it is at least
influenced and you know affected by your
serotonin level we know how to influence
those things yeah get rid of alcohol too
we know how to influence those things if
you're if you're having any problems
with your happiness and you're not
looking to methodically create systems
in which you can get those things you
know will boost your serotonin and your
dopamine if that's not your life process
looking for those opportunities and
systemising them what are you doing
what's the alternative that let me tell
you what the alternative is magical
thinking most of you are trapped in
magical thinking and by that I mean
you're having a bad day what do you say
when you have a bad day
what do 99% of you say to yourself when
you're having a bad day and you're
unhappy and you're sad what you usually
say is there's something going wrong
today right you blame your situation
something went wrong I'm I don't have
the job I want there's somebody insulted
me I you know I something went wrong
I've got a stomachache or something
now some of those things are real of
course real problems can really
influence you but pay attention to how
often you can be happy anyway while all
of your problems are exactly the same as
they were get some exercise get some
sleep
eat some clean protein stay away from
the carbs get a little Sun get a massage
fine get a little physical touch if you
can if you can work it out legally do
those things yeah go for a walk
spend some time with your dog and then
see if you feel better even though your
problems are exactly the same
now do you also need to work on your
problems that's good that's why I
developed that's why I recommend having
a system that's going to work on your
problems over time so you feel like you
have progress you do your system every
day so that is my advice to you don't
use magical thinking and don't imagine
that your happiness on any particular
day is because of stuff that's happening
it's only because you didn't get the big
five or six things that boost your your
dopamine and as they having this just I
can tell you that you can develop it
triggers and mental tricks to avoid the
bad stuff and take yourself to thoughts
thoughts actual just mental processes
that will directly boost your body
chemistry totally practical there's
nothing magical about it all supported
by science you don't have to worry that
it's any anything it's all it's all
science-based
alright let's talk about some other
stuff if you have not seen Dave
Chappelle's brand new Netflix stand-up
comedy clear your calendar is brand new
there's a lot of Chapelle stand-up but I
think this was called sticks and stones
I believe it went live yesterday now I
would not say this about many
entertainers but let me tell you if if
you don't mind that you know there's a
lot of f-bombs and very very
challenging content meaning that if you
watch the Appel your brains gonna go in
a lot of different places and you're
gonna feel uncomfortable until he pulls
you back I watched his special and
watching watching you know some people
would say the best stand-up comedian of
our current day I think a lot of people
would say she felt would be the best but
he's also at the top of his form you
know he's had the most practice and
experience he's at that age where oh my
god
it was so good so first of all I laughed
all the way through it like I laughed
until I felt I felt like I was having a
stroke you know where you're you laughed
so hard if you ever laughed so hard that
all of your muscles free turned to rock
like everything clean and your body like
completely turns to stone for a moment
and you don't know if you can breathe
and then you're like good and then you
laugh that's how funny he is now first
of all let me say you know humor is
subjective but he is really funny okay
let me give you just a sample I don't
want to ruin his show because you're
gonna see clips from it because there's
so many good parts you know you it could
end up ruined for you too by seeing all
the good parts well one of the the
things he says is that if you want to if
you want to fix the problem with too
many guns
what Chappelle suggests is that all
black people go get a permit and buy a
gun just think about Chappelle's
solution to the gun problem is that all
black people 100% every black person in
the United States goes out and gets a go
no it's funny but think about it just
think about now the joke part is that
he's suggesting that if all black people
went and got guns that all the white
people would say hey maybe we should
make this illegal this is looking a
little scary and so the joke is that
white people would say hello that's
enough guns let's put some put some
restrictions on these guns now that's
hilarious but it's also interesting like
it makes it makes you actually think
would that actually work because first
of all if every black person had a gun a
legal gun you know legal permit even the
places where there's a lot of murder
what would happen what would happen if
every time anybody pulled out a gun
everybody else pulled out a gun
well I suppose who some situations where
you like everybody would just shoot each
other so I suppose that could be bad but
it feels like nobody would pull out a
gun if everybody else had a gun I know
there's there's some evidence to suggest
that the more armed the population is
the fewer people will pull out a gun in
public and try to shoot people so I know
I have an opinion on the under gun laws
so I'm not trying to give you an opinion
I'm just telling you that watching
Chappelle has a whole bunch of nuggets
like that that really will challenge
your political opinion while you're
laughing it's it's probably the smartest
stand up you're gonna see probably the
smartest and also funniest all right
let's talk about Greenland so there's
still chatter about buying Greenland
which i think is a tremendous idea if
only Denmark would be willing to sell it
to us but I wonder what do we charge for
what are we charged and marked for
defending Greenland what do we charge
them because before long Greenland will
be in play you know if you assume that
the art Arctic continues melting for
change reasons or just because the earth
is getting warmer pick pick your
explanation but Greenland is just gonna
get more important and I think they
might have some minerals and some things
that are good why don't we just charge
Denmark for military protection because
it might get expensive for Denmark they
might say to themselves you know what
would work even better
why don't we lease you some basis let
you do some mining if you want to you
know you could have a presence in
Greenland
that's protective but we'll keep
Greenland and Greenland will still
belong to Denmark but we're going to
optimize Greenland by allowing some
American bases and also some leases so
that American companies can get some
minerals
share it with Greenland you know
everybody wins Greenland gets gets the
money from the leases the world gets the
minerals do we have to buy Greenland if
it's insulting I say don't bother one of
the things that people who do not have
experience in business don't understand
is that there are a lot of ways to buy
things one way to buy things is to give
money and then somebody gives you
something that's the standard way
another way to buy something is with a
long-term lease effectively buying it
would then actually buy it another way
to buy something is to buy the good
parts of it without buying the whole
thing yeah you could rent it you could
lease it you could have long term
agreements about minerals in return for
defense so you could have a contract
that gets you everything you want you
don't have to own it you know it might
it might be different if Denmark were an
enemy or something
but given that Denmark in the United
States are quite friendly and are likely
to remain that way there's probably
another way to approach this it gets
both countries what they want and if
Denmark wants to maintain leadership or
ownership of Greenland and the Greenland
population wants
good for them no problem there at all
all right
did you see the I tweeted that Breitbart
has once again done the the work of the
Angels specifically Joel who
went to a band or roark event and asked
them in the little interviews that the
reporters gathered around the candidate
afterwards and bright Bart's Joel
Pollock s Beto exactly as he asked Joe
Biden that also made news if he
understood that his the way he was
describing the quote fine people quote
was not true
and that he was buying into the fine
people hoax now joltin used that term
but he stated that the better was
interpretation of what the president
said is just not what he said it's
actually the opposite now what did
better do when all of the news cameras
were on him and he was accurately
challenged on a main premise of his
campaign and and Joel just said the
actual quote was he condemned totally
neo-nazis and white nationalists that
was the actual quote now what do you do
you've just been called out as a liar or
or wrong either lying we're just wrong
in public while you're running for
president I'm not just a minor topic but
the most important element of his entire
campaign which is Trump called neo-nazis
fine people which never happened what do
you do well I gotta say he did really
well
benno kind of nailed it now his main
campaign theme is a is inaccurate or a
lie depending on whether he understands
that it's not true or not we don't know
but in terms of had a weasel ant of a
damming question it was really good so
here's what he did
he ran out the clock so the first thing
you do if you're being asked questions
in public and you get a question you
don't like you want to filibuster throw
in the laundry list of unrelated things
that are sort of related to the topic
but not specifically to the question and
then go to the next question and that's
what he did but he did it really well if
you want to see an example of a lying
politician lying very successfully watch
Beddoes move so instead of going
directly at the question and saying no
he actually did say that which would be
fact checked the next day does that you
know if a question if if a reporter says
this is not true and beto says directly
it is true it's exactly what he said now
you get a fact checker right you're
you're basically begging the fact
checkers the fact checker and that's not
going to work out for him
so what does he do he just starts
talking about a laundry list of all the
other things the president has done that
supports his case even though his facts
are wrong and next question pretty
pretty good job but I do love the fact
that Joel is is forcing them all to go
on the record on this even though he
avoided doing it it's it's a great it's
a great process to watch as a voter as a
citizen it's fun to watch them I have to
explain their their lies alright Joe
Biden said and I quote I want to be
clear I'm not going nuts now this is
when a savonius many gaffes if you want
to be president here's something you
should never say in public I want to be
clear I'm not going nuts
compare that to president Trump's his
usual way of responding is
more indirect which is better way
because you don't want people quoting
you saying you're not going nuts
that is so incompetent compare that to
Beto Beto quite Abele changed the
subject to get out of an embarrassing
situation Biden just made his
embarrassing situation worse by going
directly at it so you can learn
something from this he goes directly at
it I'm not going nuts what's that make
everybody think
oh you're going nuts you can't read I'm
not going nuts and have any thought
other than I think he's going nuts so
that's bad now there's a Monmouth
Monmouth Monmouth Monmouth poll that
showed a three-way tie basically with
Sanders Warren and Biden which would
indicate that Biden had had dropped
quite a bit from the last major poll but
the mom north pole is not a major poll
it's a small sample and it may not be
representative but is it important yep
it is because the Monmouth poll is the
one that's suggesting that there could
be a change coming so the Monmouth is
sort of like the canary in the coalmine
the saying oh there could be a poll that
shows that Biden is no longer the most
electable
because remember Biden's entire benefit
you know the reason he's running is he's
the most electable that's just that's
his story but as soon as one poll shows
you're in a three-way tie your story is
badly wounded all it's going to take is
one more poll to agree with the the
Monmouth bubble and you got yourself a
problem you'll only take one more and
what would cause the next poll to agree
with the modern North Pole what would
cause it the maaan North Pole I don't
want to say mon mouth anyone even
more time because I can't pronounce it
Mon both the mom off poll just say it
like you have a lot of cotton in your
mouth with mono fold so the mumble of
poll should be seen as persuasion
persuasion because everybody who saw
that poll and had been a supporter Biden
just went uh-oh
now they might also say well I don't
trust that poll I'm gonna wait and see a
lot of people will do that and I want to
influence them at all and if the next
poll is different if the next poll
differs with this one and Biden still
got a commanding lead
well the Monmouth one wolf poll will
have no importance but I suspect the
Monmouth poll gives people both a reason
and a fake because to change their mind
on Biden for the professionals it gives
them some cover because if the
professionals say hey you know we gave
it our best shot we put him out there we
worked as hard as we could the people
have spoken he dropped in the polls he's
no longer the electable candidate we
thought he was and now we can change to
another horse so I think the Monmouth
poll is really important because it
might influence the next poll in the
poll after that and then it becomes self
reinforcing so I believe that the media
is taking a soft stand on this because
the media doesn't want to take Biden out
directly they could CNN could take Biden
out tomorrow you know that right
MSNBC either one of them New York Times
they could do it
Washington Post any one of the big media
companies that normally back the
Democrats any one of them could take
Biden an in the race with one story and
that story simply has to suggest he's
not electable that's it just say it once
and some big story and a big publication
everybody else will refer to the story
and that gives them cover it's like well
not me saying this I would never insult
Biden but man look what that publication
said that's all it would take but I
don't think the press wants to be the
you know the Godzilla that's stomping on
Bambi because whatever's going on with
Biden I just have empathy for him he's a
certain age he's trying to help I think
he really is trying to do what he thinks
is best for the country I don't have bad
feelings about Biden whatsoever I just
don't think he's got the game anymore to
be in that kind of a job all right
so one of the funny things happening is
that the the media is trying to now
build a new narrative around the
question of is Trump losing it now this
would be a good defense against his
Biden gapping too much in this Biden
loose so they're you know the the hoax
is on the anti-trump side the hoax is
sort of cycle and it's all about Russia
okay it's not about Russia but he's
definitely a racist all right it's not a
racist but look at that instability in
his mental instability okay well if the
mental instability doesn't seem to be
hurting us in any important way it's
just hyperbole what about Russia so they
just sort of cycle through the big
hoaxes one at a time but they're
definitely getting more purchase on the
Trump is in unstable than they would
have normally just because they have
some fodder to work with so here the
some of the things that they're
referring to to suggest the Trump is
losing it
so Trump I guess Trump referred to he
said that Melania was also you know
liked kim jeong-hoon but turns out the
Melania has never met Kim and it was a
there's a great reaction shot of Melania
in the audience when President Trump
said and yeah she likes Kim too and
Melania is like
I do now I never met him now is that
evidence bed Trump is crazy
because he suggested that Melania met
Kim no any more than it's crazy that
that Biden forgot was stadia was in when
he was in New Hampshire he said he was
in Vermont none of it is really terribly
surprising if you imagine the complexity
of being president or even the
complexity of running for president all
the people you're meeting all the places
you are oh is it likely that you'll
remember even basic facts like one state
you're in
or did Melania meet Kansas it what are
the odds that you would forget even
basic facts pretty good pretty good
how many people have told me in person
that their best friend went to school
with me in some state where I've never
gone to school a lot ordinary people
have false memories all the time now
what makes any of it look bothers them
is that you have too many of them so
what the the anti Biden people are you
know collecting up all of his gaffes to
make it look like a trend I don't know
if it is or not because he's always been
gaff broom
likewise they're doing the same thing
with President Trump to say hey the
number of things you say which do not
pass the fact-checking seems to be
increasing
is it they've got 11 thousand things he
said that didn't pass the fact-checking
but lately there's more of it really do
we really know that there's lately
there's more on it I doubt it my take on
Trump is that he's got some go to things
he says in every situation one of the
go-to things he says is that other
people agree with him right what the
most common go-to thing that trumped-up
and say lots of people are saying lots
of people are agreeing with me somebody
came up to me and said mister
you're so right sir right it's the most
common thing he does somebody came up
and agreed with me lots of times it
didn't happen does it matter
not really because we've been watching
him for years and the OE says somebody
agrees with me and then you check it out
and that person wasn't there didn't
agree doesn't matter he just uses as his
part as persuasion and it doesn't seem
to make any difference I don't know you
know it didn't blow her my income didn't
make the world a worse place it was just
persuasion in a direction that he wants
you to be persuaded which is different
from just being crazy if we saw that
Trump was missing facts in the wrong
direction I'd be pretty worried but yes
every time Trump is caught in what the
fact checkers say is in let's say an
inaccuracy if every time he does it it's
in the service of persuading you in a
way that you say well actually I would
want to be persuaded that way I would
like to thank the president Trump and
Kim jong-un can get along I would also
like Kim jong-un to think that
remembered when the president's talking
to the public he's also talking to Putin
he's also talking to President Xi and
he's also talking to Kim jong-un he's
not talking to us alone he's talking to
them and so when he's telling us in
public not only do I like Kim jong-un
personally but my wife likes him too
wasn't true but don't you think it's
good that Kim jong-un is hearing good
things about him personally and his
personal relationship yeah it's good of
course it's good because Kim jong-un
would like to have a good personal
relationship makes everything work
better all right the other things the
president's being questioned on is well
there's the hurricane thing let's talk
about the hurricane thing so the report
was that from asked
supposedly repeatedly in on different
days or different events he's asked the
question why can't you nuke a hurricane
and of course what do all the smart
people say well let me call him Dale to
give you the reaction from all the smart
people can you nuke a hurricane oh don't
you know don't you know you can't nuke a
hurricane ya see here's my question
Kenny Nuka hurricane do you know the
answer to that so here's the question if
President Trump had ever said Kenya Nuka
hurricane and if his staff member said
I've never even thought about that let
me find out and they went out and they
they found some information maybe you or
they didn't and then the next time the
president thinks of it nobody's gotten
back to him what would you say if you
said can you nuclear hurricane and your
staff said ah no we'll look into it and
then the next time you think of it you
say it again
so can you nuclear hurricane and what is
this staff say we'll look into it
because they probably don't know or
they've checked with one person and they
say no do you find it crazy that he
would ask the question can you nuke Oh
hurricane I don't it may I'm certainly
willing to believe it's not a workable
idea but it's not crazy to ask the
question here's why how many nuclear
explosions have there been above ground
in the comments tell me how many you
think have happened how many nuclear
explosions have already happened in our
history above ground give me a guess how
many nuclear explosions have happened
above ground well you know we've tested
some nukes we know other countries
at essence of nukes you know we've used
nukes in World War two against Japan but
how many nuclear explosions have
happened above ground hundreds right
somebody same four that's what I would
have guessed I would guess like twenty
something like that the answer is
hundreds hundreds of nuclear explosions
above ground are you radioactive I'm not
is there a place in the world that you
can't go to maybe I don't I don't know
buddy I mean you don't want to go to
Chernobyl but that wasn't a nuclear bomb
it was a different kind of nuclear
accident so I asked you if we can
explode we meaning the entire planet
hundreds of nuclear weapons above ground
what does that tell you about the risk
of nuclear fallout well it tells me I
don't really understand it because the
experts are saying you know it's a bad
idea a nuclear fallout blah blah and I
don't disagree I just wonder why all
those other nuclear disasters are not
bothering us at the moment why not
so here's the question I asked first of
all there's the physics question of
would it work and I have to think that a
bomb would maybe change something I
don't know change an air pressure or
mess up something so I don't know if
it'd work that's a separate question but
I can tell you that scientists have
asked the question too it's a serious
enough question that legitimist
scientists have looked into it
now the issue is that there would be you
know fallout but here's the question
where exactly would you be nuking it if
you nuked it close to land well that
sounds like a terrible idea if you nuked
it further into the middle of the ocean
but still where it's kind of knew before
I picks up steam where would the
radiation go
with the hurricane winds make the
radiation much worse because it would
spread it worse or would it make it less
worse because it would dilute it by
spreading it over such a large distance
quickly which way would that go I don't
know so to say that it was a dumb
question I believe is uneducated it was
a smart question they had an answer he
probably didn't get the first time he
has to now I Trump is denying that he
asked the question which might be a
perfectly legitimate political thing to
do and my guess is that maybe it just
came up he may have just tossed it out
as you know something say curiosity etc
so he may never have been serious about
it we don't know but it's not a terrible
thing to bring up now a lot of people
don't know that there are serious people
scientists who say you probably could
reduce the Atlantic hurricanes by
reforesting the deserts in northern
Africa and the way you would do that is
actually known we know how to do that
all you do is you take livestock and you
put them on the border of where there
there is vegetation and where there's
desert and those borders are pretty
pretty easy to find so you bring your
livestock out there they eat the
vegetation that's on the vegetated side
and then they wander into the desert
aside and they poop and that brings some
seeds and some things into the desert
side and you check back next year and
the vegetation portion had begins to
creep into the desert and you can just
repeat this and you can fairly quickly
meaning over a number of you know a few
number of years you could reforest
deserts it's it's a known thing we've
we've tested it it works and if you were
to reforest the deserts you would lower
the temperature over the over the
northern africa where hurricanes have
form and so they might still form but
they
form smaller because it would be less of
a difference in the temperature
that's real so it looks like yeah and
then somebody else mentioned if you use
nuclear power to power your
desalinization then you've also got
water for your getting rid of your
deserts so yes we could actually use
science to decrease hurricanes that's a
real thing now whether a nuke ever makes
sense I'm no expert seems dangerous to
me but I don't think it's crazy it's not
crazy
speaking of nuclear Andrew yang became
the only credible voice on climate
change yesterday let me say that again
Andrew yang became the only only
credible voice running for president on
the topic of climate change because he
is pointedly putting nuclear energy as a
main part of the solution not the only
solution but a one of the primary parts
now he focuses on thorium reactors and I
think experts you know would have
different opinions about whether that
specific technology is where you want to
go versus generation four in general
which would be a number of technologies
that that would have some advantages so
if we can ignore these specific
suggestion about thorium and generalize
a little bit to new technologies for for
nuclear yang is the only one who
suggested something that could work and
on top of that if you don't think that
climate change is a problem it's still a
good idea because nuclear energy is
cheaper safer or better this is just a
better deal so yang is the only
candidate who has a suggestion for what
the Democrats consider the biggest
problem in the world climate change he's
the only one who has an even
potentially effective solution how did
the other candidates respond to that and
by the way even if you think climate
change is not a problem like I said you
still want nuclear because it's cheaper
better and cleaner energy than anything
else now you know you can still do all
the solar you want but you're going to
need the nuclear to fill in the gaps to
do - alright so I invited Andrew yang to
drop into my periscope today and I told
them just to text me if you wanted to
obviously he's busy or not interested
but he just became the the most
interesting candidate on the Democrat
side now that doesn't mean he'll
necessarily make it into the top three
because he's got a lot of competition
but he's the only interesting one he
also made a statement about nutrition
and he mentioned that if we're talking
about health care we should talk about
nutrition and make a bigger play to
improve nutrition in this country what
do most Republicans say most Republicans
say stay away from my food you don't
tell me what to eat I like my food no
government's gonna tell me what to eat
and that's fine freedom is good you
think government does not need to tell
you what to eat other pundits I think
stefan molyneux made this comment it's
like oh great here comes the food
pyramid that worked out great you
remember the food pyramid for years was
completely opposite of good nutrition
because the the food industry was sort
of behind it not sort of behind it they
were they were behind it so the
government was telling us what to eat
and they were telling us need a bunch of
carbs which basically were killing us so
you can't really trust the government to
tell you what to eat but Andrew yang
is not the government unlike almost
everybody else in government he would
actually know the difference between
what a good diet looked like per science
and what a bad diet looked like per
science in fact he might be the only
candidate who was willing to consider
science as important that feels like an
overstatement but what are the other
candidates talking about nuclear energy
if they're not talking about nuclear
energy to solve climate change they
can't make any claim to be
scientifically compatible because
science is pretty pro-nuclear likewise
science has a pretty good idea what you
should eat and what you shouldn't we
think I hope there I hope they're better
at it now so yes in Andrew yang is right
on food completely misunderstood and
unders under the same we don't have
enough energy in that direction the
government could be a good we'll say a
good role model and a good influence but
you don't want the government telling
you what to eat I know you don't um
let's talk about the Amazon fire hoax
so Mike Tsarevich again proving why
everybody in the world should be
following him on Twitter and reading his
books Mike said ovitch I believe was the
first person of note who looked into
this claim that the Amazon is burning
and it's and it's some kind of a bigger
problem than we've seen in the past it
turns out the Amazon is burning sort of
like it always does every every year
about normal and some of the some
portion of it is farmers burning it
places they burned in the past etc so
there was no crisis in the Amazon on top
of that people were saying yeah the long
thing I'm gonna a lot of people who love
the earth have referred to the Amazon as
the lungs of the planet as in if you
lose the amaz
we won't be able to absorb enough co2 so
you'd lose your lungs and then the
planet ends up destroying yourself but
it turns out nothing like that is true
apparently the the Amazon basin creates
the bad as much co2 as it as it uses I
think I'm saying that right
but the point is that the idea that the
Amazon is special meaning that it is
uniquely the lungs of the planet there's
no evidence of anything like that
it probably has no more effect than you
know anything else so this was like a
major story everywhere apparently
apparently all of the photographs and
videos of the Amazon basin fire all of
the ones that went viral all of them
were fake think about that all of the
images that went viral there were some
real ones too but they didn't go viral
but all of the ones that went viral were
all fake there were different years or
different places think about that they
were all fake amazing somebody's saying
that I should have said that the lungs
of the world the Amazon basis I should
have been talking about oxygen not co2
either way and you might be right about
that but either way the point is that
it's not a special place it's not though
there's nothing world's lungs all right
apparently Israel when Israel attacks
some Iranian operatives in Syria and
said they were getting ready for a
churro and strike it was much worse than
we were led to believe I mean the
potential strike was much worse
apparently the the drone attack that was
being planned was going to be a swarm
and it would have been the first time
we've seen it hadn't succeeded they
swarm meaning a whole bunch of drones we
don't know how many but a bunch of them
programmed with the GPS coordinates of
one place
so that they could all just take off in
math and you know and they would have a
bomb on them and it would end up at the
same place and blow things up and it
would be too hard to shoot them all down
because there'd be a lot of them so
Israel took them out but there are
continued stories of testing this stuff
and apparently it's going to be fairly
trivial to send a swarm of small drones
to a destination within a few feet and
make it blow up
could we ever stop that probably not so
I've I've been predicting for some time
and and large outdoor gatherings I think
we'll just see one of these attacks and
that will be the end you know but that
if you see one of these attacks succeed
you may not see Stadium events again it
may be the end of it I don't know how
you defend against it maybe again
apparently president Trump did not
attend some climate meetings while
claiming that he had some I don't
conflict or something and people are in
fact checking into this they always do
here's my take it's sort of a bad look
so the optics of being the only country
that doesn't go to the climate meetings
it's not a good look
but it wouldn't be much of a good look
for him to go he had two ways to lose
and going would have been a problem
because everybody would beat him up and
he doesn't believe that it's a real
problem
and not going would be a problem so let
me remind you of some bottom line on
climate and I want you to fact-check me
on this because I don't think anybody
says it feels like nobody says anything
accurate about the climate it's almost
like it can't be done doesn't matter
which side you're on I've read just
enough about the climate that when the
when the skeptics or the scientists talk
I say to myself I hear but feels like
you're leaving in
important thing here so here are some of
the things I know there are let's say
two major ways to check temperature to
know if things have warmed recently one
way broadly speaking is measurements on
the surface so there'd be thermometers
on the land and various ways that you've
got buoys and picking up water and stuff
on the ocean so there are a number ways
to measure the temperature on the
Earth's surface and as and when they do
that they say oh it's getting
unprecedented ly that even word the
warming is unprecedented
but if you take satellite measurements
since the dawn of satellites 70s I think
they don't show the warming's what's the
difference between the satellites that
don't show the global warming at least
the co2 cause warming and the
terrestrial ones well here's something
that everybody agrees the satellites are
accurate the terrestrial measurements
are not so we have two major two major
ways of measuring the warmth the
accurate one says it's not happening the
in the accurate one says it is but it's
better it's better than that among the
inaccurate or lesser accurate
measurements the terrestrial ones the
ones on the ground and in the ocean
there are ones that are better than
other ones on the ground for example the
the measurements taken in the United
States are higher quality than the
measurements taken in some third-world
countries and other places now why are
the US measurements better quality well
for one thing if if there's an urban
island that grows up around them they'll
relocate it because they know that being
near a parking lot for example will heat
up your thermometer another way that the
US thermometers are better is that the
casing
needs to be painted white so in the
United States if they see that the paint
is starting to you know brown or
whatever color returns
they'll repaint it so you always have a
white painted enclosure for your
thermometers in the United States but in
some third-world countries they're not
as good at repainting them and their and
their thermometer casing is brown which
should make the temperature look higher
now of those two the ones that are more
accurate in the United States versus the
ones around the world that are
relatively less accurate which ones show
the warming well not the ones in the
United States so the the ones on the
ground that are the most accurate
apparently don't show the warming now
the climate experts will say but that
doesn't mean anything because it's a
global problem and it could easily be
true that there are major places on the
earth where you don't see the warming
but there are other places you do it's
the average you have to worry about so
here's the thing the following
everything that I just said might not be
true so if there's one thing I could
teach you about climate change is that
everything you think you know no matter
which side you're on or even if you
haven't taken the side every fact you
think you know about climate change this
highly subject to be wrong I've put a
lot of time into studying this as a as
an amateur right just as a consumer as a
citizen who wants to understand it and I
can tell you you can't you can't get
there you could fool yourself and think
you did but you can't it's just too
complicated there are too many
inconsistencies you'd have to really be
a scientist and live in that world and
have access to every part of it at a
detailed level to really have an opinion
I would trust so the problem is that our
best measurements show don't show the
warming
alarming our worst measurements do does
that mean there's no warming no doesn't
mean that it's entirely possible that
all the warming is happening satellites
are not picking it up us is different
from the rest of it it's entirely
possible you can't make a conclusion
from the you know the few facts that I
just laid out there now here's another
thing don't most people tell you that
it's the end of the world climate change
but yet their own figures show a 10.5%
reduction in GDP in 80 years which any
economist will tell you you wouldn't
even notice you wouldn't notice so the
worst economic disaster scenarios are
that you probably won't notice no matter
what it is so fact check me on all of
that
feel free to tweet me and tell me what I
got wrong because I'm sure I did get
some of the world all right let's talk
about here's one of my favorite tweets
James Toronto Toronto
I opened pronouncing right James Toronto
of Wall Street Journal talking about
George Conway you know Kellyanne
Conway's husband he keeps tweeting that
Trump is crazy and so every day
George Conway is tweeting the Trump is
crazy
Trump is courting crazy must be removed
what Trump is not removed every day is
the same as the day before and so James
Toronto cleverly noted in his tweet
quote George Conway's definition of
sanity is tweeting the same thing over
and over and expecting a different
result that's right George Conway tweets
the same thing over and over but he
expects to get a different result now
that's more clever than you know
scientifically true but it's pretty
clever all right brian Stelter says we
must talk about Trump's fitness for
office
sure let's do that we'll do that in 2020
all right I reminded you yesterday that
my startup the interphase app interface
by Wynn up which is a free download now
has a professional mode so you could
have all of your professional advisors
for whatever organization you are on
your webpage just copy and paste our
code that we give you put it on your
webpage and you'll have a button to
connect you immediately to your
customers and they won't even have to
have your contact information so we're
putting on people who are helping people
who are addicted we're putting on
doctors lawyers engineers all kinds of
experts are on there and the newest
feature is that you can suggest the time
so instead of waiting for your waiting
for an expert to be available when
you're available you can now use the app
to suggest the time and the expert and
negotiate at a time with you all right
make sure you check that out
you really somebody says we really are
on your game today
any particular reasons I don't think I'm
necessarily on my game today I think
that's very subjective but thank you for
saying that the my company's app is
called interface if you search for it
look for the one that is interface by
when hub that's the name of the company
went up bump bump boom yes your and you
don't need to use crypto currency to use
the app you can we have our own
cryptocurrency for that but it takes
cash and credit cards just like
everything else all right my book loser
think will be out November 5th the early
people who have read it or I'll like it
a lot so that's good
and if you buy when tokens a twin hub
calm or on one of our exchanges then you
will be a star by the way if there's
anybody who knows anybody power at
finance
finance the that's the big exchange if
when hub could get listed on by dance it
would make a huge difference and it
would allow me to do a lot better things
for the world which I would do and you
know that so if you wanted to support
one hub if you know anybody yet finance
who can help us get listed there because
it's very hard to get in bind it's you
have to get their attention
please do the the token and the crypto
is called the when whe end the company
that makes it is when hub one word all
right that's all for now I'll talk to
you later