good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization at
least until a big old
asteroid destroys Humanity but that's
not going to happen right away until
that happens would you like to take your
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand sure you do you would
love that and all you need for that is a
cup or mug or a glass a tankered shell
or sty and a canteen jug or flask of
vegetable of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine H the day is called the
simultaneous sip happens now
go ah you've been
culated it's a siy
slope you take one sip you'll be back
back every day sipping every day you
can't even you can't even help yourself
yeah it's a sippery
slope you've been syneti I just stole
that joke you've been sypno all right
let's talk about all the things because
there are lots lots of interesting news
today in science and politics and racism
and War and all that stuff so these are
a few of my favorite things all right
grock is here that's the the AI that
Elon Musk has promised you it's now
rolled out to Premium Plus users I guess
be Bay extra so I've got my
copy uh and I will give you my review of
grock the new AI number one um it's
maybe 3.5 GP level in other words if
you've used GPT
4.0 this will this will look a little
primitive compared to
that doesn't have the features and bells
and whistles yet but one assumes that
we're
probably you know maybe one month away
from parody because the parody happens
pretty quickly so I wouldn't judge it
yet um I would call it
beta it feels kind of beta test like
they're going to collect a lot of
opinions and let me tell you some of the
things that we've learned so far uh
number one you get really really tired
of it's joking after about the third
interaction the first time it it it gets
kind of uh let's say friendly because
it's based on kind of a model where it
jokes with you and and it's always sort
of
non-serious yeah you you're you're going
to want to turn that off right
away so it took me about a minute before
I asked it to turn that off it's like
okay that that was fun almost once but
not really because it doesn't it doesn't
quite feel like a personality it still
feels like a
machine pretending to be somebody else's
personality so it doesn't it doesn't hit
you as oh it's a person or anything like
that but it might someday it might so
the other issue is that it lies and oh
my God does it lie like about some
serious stuff
so I wouldn't use it for any fact
checking yet I'd kind of wait on that um
for example I asked her if had read my
books I told her who I am and it
understood that I'm the dilber
cartoonist guy so it knows who I am and
it knows the name of my books and I
asked him if it had read any and said
not only they had read my books but had
Incorporated some of my writing
techniques into its
answers in other words according to
grock uh I was already part of its
DNA but it's a
liar when I first saw that I thought
what
seriously it it has some part of my
personality in it because it read my
book and Incorporated it into its
personality that's what it told
me but it turns this is the sort of
things that tells you just because it
you might want to hear it right if you
query it it it rapidly becomes clear it
has not read any of my books and in
other occasions I can ask it about my
books and it won't know they exist or to
list some but not others right so the so
at the moment the results are closer to
random than anything that you could use
with
confidence um here's another example of
that I saw Shawn Davis thought to ask
this question first he asked if his uh
content was being throttled on X and
then grock said yes it
was so sha Davis finds out from grock
apparently that his own his own data is
being throttled so I said to myself whoa
I'm going to try this so I try it too
and it says the same thing I mean
different words but it tells me that I'm
definitely being uh that I'm that I've
been labeled as sensitive content and
throttled so grock told me that my
account was labeled sensitive content by
a and throttled but here's the
thing it's not
true do you know why I know it's not
true there's no way grock has access to
that
information grock doesn't know who's
throttled there's no way it knows
that Am I Wrong does anybody want to
take a bet I will bet you a large sum of
money that grock does not have access to
its its own internal not its own but X's
internal
algorithms there's no way it has access
to that no way does anybody believe it
has access to that
information or or that it can determine
it in some other pattern recognition way
I don't know here's what I do think is
possible on
YouTube what people call censorship is
actually an intelligent pairing of
advertising content with the type of
content that would not be offensive to
advertisers now when you when you make
provocative content as I do that feels
like
censorship but when YouTube's business
people will explain it to you which they
did to me they they personally explained
it to me um it actually just sounds like
business because why would they have to
pair my provocative content with their
advertisers if the advertisers
specifically ask for it not to happen
which is what does happen on YouTube the
advertisers say don't don't parir us
with this bad content so then they just
do it it's just a business decision so
that's one of the reasons I'm not really
really hard on YouTube for any
censorship of provocative stuff uh it's
just unpleasant things to put with
advertising it's just not a good pair so
I get that so X is also an advertising
model at the
moment uh less so because of
subscriptions but still an advertising
model and would it surprise you if shows
that are always about news which is
about death and destruction and all that
stuff
uh would it surprise you if x had a
internal rule that had advertisers like
this content about kittens more than
they like content about
war that wouldn't be too surprising you
know what
honestly as long as X said that's what
they were
doing I wouldn't have a terrible problem
with it actually now there would be the
question of people who pay the higher
price to have no
advertisements so I would hope if I'm
being prevented from you know
interacting with anybody because of
advertising if that's happening I don't
know that that's happening but if it's
happening uh as long as it's only
limited to people who see ads that's not
so bad right so if you paid to not see
ads shouldn't you have full access to my
provocative material I would say yes so
because is one of those half you know
partly subscription and partly you know
wild Advertising based I I wouldn't have
the biggest problem in the world if they
throttled me on the advertiser part of
their business I mean I would prefer
they didn't but if it's just a business
decision I don't know as long as the UN
as long as the people paying to not see
ads are not throttled that's not
terrible to me that would be just
everybody getting something closer to
what they
want all
right um let's check in on uh threads
you know meta has this competitive
product um apparently Mark Zuckerberg
posted on it yesterday which is big news
because he hasn't posted on his own
product in three
weeks Ian miles John uh noted that and
I'm thinking to myself yeah that's
pretty much all you need to know about
threads Elon Musk is on on X all day
long and it definitely makes the product
better CU you know he's just there you
just feel his personality all the time
uh yeah I think threads is dead I
haven't even thought to check my threads
account which I do have I haven't
checked
it
in two
months haven't even had the slightest
interest it it's interesting why some
things interest you and others don't but
I'm pretty sure that I don't like
threads because there's no provocation
on it it was
too just too uh ordinary there's just
nothing
there all right uh Tesla um gave for
free the technical guides to the new 48
volt technology gave it to their
competitors so Tesla gave their probably
one of the most key important new
technologies it's a some upgraded way to
handle their uh their electricity in
their vehicles 48 volt uh technology I
guess most of it had been 12vt but
they're going to 48 volt for some kind
of major advantages so they actually
gave the technology for free to Ford and
other companies that make electric cars
now put on your business hat
smart smart or not smart to give away
this proprietary advanced technology to
your competitions smart yeah now this
only makes sense because they have such
a dominant
position if you're if you have a
dominant position and you're pretty
confident you can keep it then you want
everybody to build out the industry so
that they're building Chargers that you
can use you know in the perfect world
Ford would make a charging station that
a Tesla can use that's going to be way
better for Tesla users
than for Ford users I mean it's probably
going to work both ways you know Tesla
has opened up to other other cars
charging so yes having some kind of
voluntary standards for some of this
stuff probably makes the
industry better I mean just knowing how
to do a better
technology and probably makes gas cars
last less long you know if the net
effect of all this is that well let me
I'm a perfect example I am currently in
the sort of General stage of looking for
a new vehicle right and so I've got to
make the choice of electric versus
non-electric
car I was sure that by the time I made
this Choice it would be an easy choice I
thought that by the time I had to get
another vehicle you know so several
years ago I got a gas vehicle and I
thought that my next vehicle would be
electric for sure if not fully
self-driving
but now and then I look at it I think
you know
what yeah you know what is my biggest
psychological block and maybe this is
useful for
Tesla I have this issue where if
somebody doesn't personally show me how
to use a Tesla charging station I will
never buy a Tesla does anybody have that
and this is a defect it's a defect in my
personality if a human doesn't drive me
there in their own Tesla while I'm in
the while I'm in the passenger seat and
say watch how easy this is you know you
just wait in this line you plug this in
here and you just see here for 20
minutes if nobody shows it to me in
person I'm never going to buy that
 car do you know why and again
this is purely irrational this is this
is a defect in me so you don't have to
say you don't have to say what's wrong
with you
Scott you can just acknowledge that I
say this is a defect it's the same
reason I don't use um car washes at gas
stations I wrote about this because if I
don't know exactly how to use the car
wash the one you drive through yourself
I'm afraid that I'll get stuck in the
car wash and they'll they'll have to
like dismantle the entire car wash to
get me out and it'll be on the front
page of the news cartoonist drives car
backwards into car wash idiot doesn't
know the first thing about washing car s
so obvious they should have gone in
forward how did he think it should go in
backwards what was he thinking dumbest
cartoonist in the world no wonder he was
gazell like that's what goes through my
mind and I have the same feeling about
the car the car charging station I feel
like I would get in the wrong line as if
there are wrong lines I don't even know
if there are is there right line in the
wrong line I would get in the wrong line
I'd get to the front find out that I had
the wrong nozzle for charging my car but
I'd be trapped there so there wouldn't
be a way to turn around and everybody
behind me would be honking at me and
laughing now nothing like that's going
to happen right where it's not a nozzle
I know but it's funnier to say nozzle
nozzle is just a funny word can you
agree with me on that nozzle is a funny
word that's
all so I do use it out a context cuz
it's funny word so why don't you get
your nozzle out of my business see it
works in every context will you keep
your nozzle out of my business yeah it's
a great word you should use it anyway so
if I were Tesla I would make a little
video that shows somebody pulling up and
very easily charging their car and then
showing how many charging stations there
are in my area so I can say oh I'm never
going to run out and also also what do
you do when you run out of electricity
I'm guessing there's somebody like a
Tesla person with a truck who drives up
and charges your car for
you you don't tow it right just some
Tesla facility of some kind comes and
charges you up right now those are the
things I don't
know and if I saw a if I saw really just
a 30 second video 30 seconds is all I
need drive up take it out stick it in
you're good here's all the charging
stations if you run in a charge here's
the truck that comes and get you like 30
seconds and I'd be all good
psychologically but psychologically I
can't get past that barrier does anybody
else have this I'm just trying to find
out how unusual I am does anybody else
have the same thing I'm talking about
okay bunch of yeses on locals there's
lots of
yeses now here's another industry where
I have the same problem two here's two
two other businesses that I would uh
have the same problem number one if you
had never gotten a professional massage
and you didn't know somebody to talk to
who did it all the time would you sign
up for
one I wouldn't I would never sign up for
a professional massage if I'd never
talked in person to somebody who did it
a lot and really could walk you through
you know what's what's awkward and
what's normal and
you know how much of your clothes do you
take off and where do they touch you and
do you talk to them how do you tip like
all that it would just be too awkward I
wouldn't do it now luckily I've passed
through that barrier here's another one
I would love to take a yoga
class now I I did a little yoga in
college in the class once and I liked it
here's why I don't go I do I do I need
to bring like my own little mat and what
happens if I'm if I don't understand all
the language like everybody else in the
class what happens if they say all right
downward dog and I'm like I don't know
what that is do I just watch is that
enough will they tease me if I can't
keep up what happens if I can't keep up
all right so I just have a bunch of
questions right and it prevents me from
ever signing up for a class plus I never
have them in the afternoon when I'm
available but that's another thing all
right there's this uh big box that's
your doctor now you can walk into a big
box uh and they put the big boxes they
call them pods but it's just a big box
and it'll be in a mall they've got a few
they're being they're actually these are
real these are being rolled out now so
there's one uh let's see it's called
carepod and so do it-yourself health
clinic in a
box um and you walk into one of these
carepods and it might be in your mall or
some central place but it could be just
like a kiosk in a mall
and you could go in and it will scan
your whole body you apparently you could
just stand up like a like an airport
scanner and just scans you doesn't that
seem
dangerous how in the world can they St
scan you when you just standing there if
you go to an MRI you've got to you've
got to do all these you know and you
can't have like infinite x-rays that's
so I I don't know how any of that works
but they also have a way you can draw
your own blood for a blood
test now don't you wonder how that works
I thought how in the world do they have
a robot that like puts a needle in turns
out there's no
needle they can draw blood without a
needle did you know that they apparently
this is existing technology they put a
little suction uh Cup on your arm or
wherever you put it and it just
sucks uh and it can't get much blood cuz
it's sucking through through and there's
no wound there's no hole it just starts
sucking it directly under of your arm
and if it sucks hard enough it can get
blood so it takes about four minutes but
it will just suck the blood right out of
your arm like a
leech Isn't that cool it's kind of
cool um but anyway so and that's not all
it can do it can do a bunch of things
check your heart uh
Etc so I'm pretty sure and then then
there are doctors that you can call for
tella health so you can get a doctor on
video to work with your other issues
very good all right that should take a
dent of uh see I think where we're going
on
inflation is we'll get to the point
where the normal things we have to do
are much
cheaper um you know I harp on this all
the time but I think the the process of
getting food from a farm into your mouth
is so so amazingly inefficient because
of all the transportation and rules and
everything that eventually you're going
to have a little food growing operation
connected to your house so your own food
costs will be you know maybe 20% of what
they would have been
otherwise but also this these advances
in health care I think you're going to
make Health Care
20% of what it could be I think people
will still pay for the full service one
if they can afford it but there'll be a
whole bunch of people who go for the one
that's 20% of the cost and gets you
almost as good you know maybe 95% is
good as a expensive full service Model A
lot of people are going to take that
especially younger people nuclear energy
is still surging at least in interest if
not building 20 plus countries have
signed a declaration to Triple nuclear
capacity
so nuclear is now
fully absolved of all this bad
reputation you know I'll tell you I I
feel great
satisfaction that I was one of a number
of people who for the last seven years
or so have been just hammering the
reframing for nuclear just hammering it
it's like okay if you want if you want
green if you don't want climate change
you're going to have to wake up on
nuclear energy it's much safer than it
used to be ET
so it looks like that message um you
know Michael shellenberger and you know
a lot of other people
uh are the primary drivers of that and
so congratulations to
them there's there's a new AI product
that can translate you into 130 or more
languages but uh a a video of you so you
already know the AI can listen to you
speaking and then dub in a different
language but your lips would not yet and
Mark let's say shout out to Mark
Schneider uh for his work on nuclear
framing uh especially Mark and anyway so
you know that AI could already translate
you almost instantly but your your lips
would not match up with the words
however there's a new product that
actually will sink your lips on the
video in other words it will reanimate
your mouth so it matches the language
that you
choose now that's
cool that's
cool now that I keep waiting for stuff
that's genuinely useful because AI I
always tease AI because it looks like
demo Weare it's like stuff that is
demonstrating what it might be able to
do later but it can't do now and it's
just so frustrating look at what it
almost can do but can I do it now no but
almost and now can I do it now yes you
can do it now well why don't I know how
to do it well you'd have to be trained
well how long would it take to train few
days and in two days would it be the
same AI that I trained on no no that'll
be totally replaced in two
days so here's a uh I don't know if
anybody has mentioned this before
so I'll put my own name on it the Adams
rule of AI
training in this case trading the human
to use the
AI have you told yourself hey I should
spend a day learning how to use this AI
I told you that in the beginning you
know when AI first broke I said oh you
should just you should take a week and
just like hunger down and learn
everything about it because it's going
to be everywhere totally wrong totally
wrong you know why nothing stayed the
same in one
week you would become kind of a little
expert but everything you learned that
week would be completely useless one
week later for example uh and by the way
I'm a little bit proud that I predicted
this and I'll need some confirmation
because I might have predicted it in my
head I don't know if I predicted it out
loud but here's what I
predicted that these so-called super
prompts
would not be useful in the long run in
other words the AI would keep changing
so that using the exact right way to ask
the question would become obsolete so
quickly because it wouldn't work on the
next version that there would be almost
no point in having super promps that has
happened right so Brian relli is H
talking about this and what to do about
it because he's he consults with tech
companies about AI and provided lots of
super prompts that he had tested to know
that these are good prompts but he gives
all his clients the super prompts and
then they AI upgrades and they
break and how would you know what to do
for the next version you couldn't know
so you can't know if your old super
prompt works anymore because maybe
you're just using it as opposed to
testing it every time you use it so
they're already pre-tested but not
against the AI that's going to be there
next week
so whatever this rule is that you can't
learn it as fast as it changes and makes
your learning um useless has that ever
happened before is this the first time
in history that the rate a human could
learn a thing is too slow to use the
thing because the thing will never be
the same thing you
learned now I'll tell you the first time
I learned
this because this happened to me in my
career once I used have a job in a
laboratory in the phone company one of
my first jobs uh to test brand new
equipment like new new types of phones
to see if it would work with our digital
products especially and so we would get
all these new new products you know AT&T
would make a new phone or whatever and
we plug it in and it would take us you
know a few weeks to test it all and
everything and then I would write up a
report so that the customers could know
whether to buy this equipment and
whether or not it would work with theone
phone company CU I didn't want to buy
equipment unless the phone company was
compatible and things were changing
quickly so I would you know take me a
few weeks to test things get them in put
out my report and do you know what would
happen by the time my report went out
every
time the the hardware that I tested had
a firmware upgrade in the
meantime what good was my
test the test the test had no value
at the moment it was the moment it was
published had no value because without
the the software or firmware of that
product you've tested nothing because we
know it physically connects like I
wasn't testing to see if the plug goes
into the hole I was seeing if the
software and the firmware know what to
do once it's plugged in so no you could
not test it wasn't possible to to test
fast enough that it would be
useful so we ended up just waiting it
basically well self-flying airplanes are
coming uh the FAA has approved an
uncrewed flight test so a remote
controlled not even remote controlled
it's flying on its own but it would have
humans who could sort of monitor it from
a
distance but um having been at one point
married to a pilot um I learned a little
bit about the the flying business you
know from just osmosis being near it and
one of the things I learned is that
learning to fly is so unnecessarily
complicated that it couldn't possibly
last in other words there's no way in 50
years that a pilot is going to have to
learn how to fly by uh
instruments there's no way the the AI is
just going to fly it if it's cloudy
that's it the GPS is going to tell you
where to go and when you get near the
airport the airport the airport will
talk to the uh flood talk to the plane
you know automatically as well as human
if they need to and the plane will know
everything it needs it will know what
the traffic is in the air it will know
what's on the ground it will know what's
coming toward it it will know all the
conditions and if it hits like a wind
shear on the way in it will adjust with
AI way faster than a human could way
faster if if uh who was it JFK Jr if he
had AI he wouldn't have died because he
didn't know how to fly with
instruments the instruments would have
just have taken over because what would
be what would be the easiest thing for
AI to do in an airplane the easiest
thing is to fly
straight there's nothing easier than
that right fly straight and the reason
that somebody like JFK genu would die in
the crash is that you lose your
orientation in the clouds you actually
don't know what's up and what's down
like you know you yeah you get vertigo
so if you just push the AI button and
say can you take over till we get out of
these clouds you know fly me out of the
clouds you would never have a crash
because somebody couldn't fly by
instruments and the and the total amount
of processing you probably have to add
to a flight to make it fully AI is
probably the size your
phone right there's no weight added that
the airplane doesn't have any extra
burden it would just be smarter so there
is no way that people are going to be
learning to fly the way they do now if
there are even human Pilots at
all that so everything in aviation is
going to change drastically very
quickly all right um I've got a
prediction that the advertising model of
uh the news and the advertising model of
the big social media platforms cannot
survive
AI have you reached the same conclusion
that you can't have ai at the same time
as you have an advertising model that
they cannot coexist you all know that
right I'll give you the reason but have
you have you reached that conclusion on
your own
yet that's a big change here's why uh as
also bride relli teaches us we're all
going to have our own
AI the the AIS that we're using like you
know grock and chat GPT or cloud-based
you know you're you're typing at home
but the Computing is happening somewhere
in the internet well we already have and
apparently it's trivially easy
technologically to run an AI That's your
own AI That's only on your devices and
nobody else can see it or play with it
and it knows you you can teach it about
yourself
and you can train it to do just stuff
you want it to do what's the first thing
you're going to
do if I get my you know good general
purpose AI That's local the first thing
I'm going to do is say uh go to
CNN download all their videos remove the
advertisements edit them so they're
Tighter and faster speed them up to
1.4 speed and then present them to me on
a page
why wouldn't I do that do you think AI
can't download a video or Sunday
download a video strip out the ads cuz
Who would know what an advertisement is
and then present it to you in a tighter
form of course again why would you ever
watch it with the ad what would ever
make you go to CNN's website again if if
something could simply click there and
download it for you and I would tell my
AI to do that for me before I wake up so
I'd come in and morning and I'd see a
page that was you know curated just for
me with no
ads now who would not do that because at
some point you'll be able to say um
duplicate Scott's system and if I
allowed you to know what that was your
AI would just go find me duplicate the
system give it to you and then you'd
have
it all right can AI embed ads yeah I
guess it could AI could embed ads too it
could go the other way but I think the
ad model can survive and which also
tells me that X might be the surviving
platform in the long
run because um in the long run I think X
might move to more subscriber and it
should I think the other ones will be
trying to catch up well the Washington
Post strike is
hilarious um so it turns out that the
owner is this uh rich white guy and the
Washington Post has been hiring uh
people who really don't like rich white
men do you think Bezos has saw that
coming so there's a video by the
strikers in which there's uh you know
lots of images of the strikers talking
so one at a time their face would appear
and then they say why they're striking
how many white men do you think were in
that group it's most mostly
women I I don't know if it was mostly
women who wanted to talk on camera but
they seem to be a female organization
primarily based on the videos the
strikers look overwhelmingly female but
also overwhelmingly people of
color so um it looks like they're being
eaten alive by their own their own
policies in a
sense
and uh who was it that mocked them for
writing uh articles about how great
biomics are while complaining that they
need a raise because of
inflation so the same publication that's
been telling you the economy is great
it's your imagination if you think
otherwise they're striking because I
can't pay the
rent but uh who was it who said damn it
I should have G credit to this
but their one of one of their demands is
they want to spend less time in the
office office so they want to have a
guaranteed two days per week remote and
one month a year that they can be
anywhere which is pretty pretty
aggressive bargaining but the way I read
it is that uh they're striking to spend
less time in the office with Phil
bump is that too
far I know if it were me I'd strike so I
could spend less time around Phil
bump okay he's my Nemesis so I I like to
tease I I tease Phil bump and if you
think that is 23 in me uh indicates that
he's
82%
thumb well that's not true that's not
true all right uh big problems for ramas
Swami and
Christie uh apparently to get in the
next poll you've got to be polling over
10% and in in the last several average
of polls and they're not so both Rama
Swami and christe don't look like
they're going to be in the next debate
the way things look based on current
polling
but
um Haley Nikki Haley and
uh uh and Governor dentus will be
there now why do you think that Nikki
hilly it's just because she's a woman
right I I'm pretty sure it's not because
her policies are lighting anybody up
yeah I think it's just she's a woman and
by the way that's
fine that's not a problem if
women if women or men want to have a a
woman in the
job I know it's about time you know as
much as I rail against wokeness I was
actually happy we finally had a black
president and I would be happy when we
finally get a female president I'd like
it to be a you know qualified person of
course but I feel like I feel like the
country is better off if you if you just
sort of cross those things off the list
just so we don't have to talk about it
again would wouldn't you like it if the
next time a major female candidate is
within Striking Distance that we don't
have to talk about her
genitalia wouldn't that be good to just
just get it off the conversation list
how about how about a woman can be
president
how about being black does not prevent
you from being president okay can we
move on are we done with that now can we
just move to something
else well let's see you Biden doing more
racist stuff um so see how quickly you
can determine how racist this is right
there's nothing that sounds racist but
see how quickly you can identify it CU
now you're you're tuned to it all right
there's a story that says uh the Biden
Administration it wants to help hundreds
of thousands of households to realize
their dream of home ownership so they're
going to uh uh increase the supply of
affordable homes by essentially paying
people money so they can afford to buy
home so the government is going to help
people by affordable
homes all people do you think what what
kind of people does that mean like all
citizens right like every kind of
Citizen if you don't have enough money
no no I didn't even have to read the
article and I I I I disavowed it for
being racist in public and said I didn't
read
it I did that was that was that
embarrassing to me to disavow it for
being racist without seeing anything
racist about it because I didn't even
read the details no because later after
I posted that it was racist I looked at
it and of course it is of course it is
that it's primarily to increase home
ownership
among groups that traditionally don't
have as much home ownership what does
that mean not white men
basically yeah it's just a purely
overtly obviously unambiguously racist
use of my tax
money and and the argument is that uh
white people had assets you know from
their past that they're building on so
it's way easy to own a way easier to own
a home if you come from you know parents
who also owned a home
Etc well my parents owned a
home but they didn't give any of that
 to
me in fact they died with more of my
money in their estate than they had of
their own money I think
so why do I have to pay
for somebody Brown to buy a house with
my money when I got no benefits from it
whatsoever I had no benefits from you
know uh
assets but
anyway anyway so super
racist we'll talk about all the things
you're waiting for in a
moment um here's a lesson on how not to
do math in public so Ian
Bremer uh posts on
a list of all the things that are going
right in the
economy and then he made this mistake
which I caution you not to make never
use this sentence about your statements
on social media unless you're really
sure you're
right so he so he shows a graph that
shows a whole bunch of things that are
going well in the country that people
don't know are going well on
economics and then he said says just
going to leave this
here now just going to leave this here
is a strong statement that says this is
so right that you can't even argue it
and by the way I don't even have to
explain to you why this is so right it's
so obviously clearly unambiguously right
I'm just going to leave this right here
and just walk away I rest my
case now again I say you got to make
sure that you're right when you do that
one
so uh Fox News business host uh Charles
Payne uh did the work for
me because I would have done it I would
have done it but he did the work for me
and he says I'm sick of media mocking
folks about their
struggles meaning about their economic
situation one year parameter is a trap
and disingenuous yes there it is he
looked at a one-ear
period in which things are going well
because things were going so poorly
before that it's the classic way to
mislead the public the classic way to
mislead the public is to give them a
cherry-picked uh set of things so that's
the first problem so I'm sorry Ian they
left out is there a gigantic debt
problem that's going to destroy the
country like the most important thing
about the economy yeah or can you can
you can you food uh gas and groceries as
well as you
could I mean the basic questions you
should have been asking were not
included in his in his little list that
he he just said he's just going to leave
here but to his credit Charles Pay would
have none of that and quickly noticed it
was a one-year period which is no way to
look at anything and that you know all
add that it leaves out some categories
of course yeah and then Charles Payne
after dun on uh Ian Bremer finishes with
I'm just going to leave it
here so let me say this um if you don't
follow Ian Bremer you should because on
geopolitical stuff very good very good
on geopolitical stuff a good follow
however and this is not this is not an
insult this is not an insult Charles
Payne is a business guy right so his
his background his models his frame of
thinking his business so when he looked
at this he immediately could identify
the problem with it because he has that
frame if you're if you're not a business
guy all day long you could be forgiven
for not noticing something was missing
right but you know I'm a business guy
business school background I could see
it immediately Charles Payne business
guy could see it immediately so it does
make a difference if you have those
backgrounds all right so I guess the
University of Penn president one of the
three who refused to as clearly as she
might have uh denounce uh well you know
the whole Hamas situation um but now the
University of Pennsylvania they're uh
they got some kind of a uh board they're
asking her to
resign should she
resign what do you think
based on her inadequate public
statements well this is what Bill Amman
said that I thought was a really clever
reframe right here's a reframe think of
the three College professors MIT Harvard
and uh upen and think about their
answers in public to Congress and how
they were smirky and it's kind of
disgusting and Amman asked this question
if those three position positions were
open if there were available you know
available positions does anybody think
that any of those three current
presidents would have even been
considered based on what we know
today no no they wouldn't no so why are
they why are they presidents today this
is Bill amman's frame it's kind of
brilliant why are they presidents if
everybody would agree that if the job
were open they would never be hired
that that seems like an easy decision
doesn't it but we'll
see I think the donors are going to put
too much pressure on on the universities
I think that they probably will be
forced to resign but we'll see so Alex
Jones was on Tucker Carlson and of
course he makes a lot of news let's talk
about that some of the things that we
heard from Alex Jones are that um now
first of all you should know that he's
considered by many on the right
to be practically psychic for his
predictions that have been right on uh
and the one that stands out is that
before 911 I think only months before he
was saying that Bin Laden uh might be uh
let's say framed for something that you
know dark shadowy people do and it might
involve uh flying a jetliner into the
World Trade Center he actually said that
months before for
911 is that
crazy now here's the question is he
psychic is he lucky does he look at
different um Source materials than you
do and therefore he can piece things
together I don't know but I'll tell you
my best
guess I I think he might be brilliant at
pattern
recognition and that the patterns often
are
subtle which is a I don't know if it's
exactly prediction but I guess it would
be yeah I guess it would be prediction
and he talks about the materials he
looked at before he came up with that
prediction so apparently here's things
we knew I'd never heard of been Laden
but if you read certain materials about
you know potential terrorism you would
have heard that name so he knew who bin
Lan was and he calls him an ex CIA
asset all right now I didn't know
that or I don't know about the CIA asset
part but it's something he read now he
we also know that the uh the same
essentially the same group of terrorists
had tried to bomb the World Trade
Center so now you've got the the name of
a terrorist because he was better
informed than the rest of us and and he
was known to be a dangerous one we've
got a Target that they went after
before this seems likely they might try
again
so here's the pattern so now you got a A
person who does this kind of thing you
you can name a Target because it's the
same Target they tried before and I
think they correct me if I'm wrong but
didn't they threaten to do it again what
wasn't there some suggestion they
threaten to do it again right and then
separately separately there had been a
story around that time about a plot to I
guess have the CIA or something uh do a
false flag with a American
airliner now those three things were
roiling around in his head at the same
time now if you're good at pattern
recognition you say to yourself okay
something about Bin Laden his name his
name I keep seeing something about World
Trade Center because they said they
would go after it and they're also
talking about an airline put them
together Airline World Trade Center Bin
Laden
boom is that how he did it
maybe maybe so it could actually be that
he's good at pattern
recognition and that he simply read more
Source materials than you did by the way
that's what he says he he says that's
how he did it maybe that that might be
exactly how he did it now before you go
off and say my God he's right every time
it's amazing I would caution you this if
you don't have a list of all the things
he's ever predicted to know
whether this was like you know an
amazing hit or was it one of a hundred
wild things he said 10 of them happened
90 of them
didn't does that give you a different
impression of what's going on I don't
know now he also has uh one other
characteristic which probably serves him
well he assumes the worst about the
government now I hate I hate to say it
but if you you just want to look
psychic just predict that the government
is lying about everything they say and
you will look like a genius in five
years am I right so part of his trick is
he just always assumes the government's
up to no good and that turns out to be a
pretty good assumption yeah not always
but pretty
good so I don't know how to judge his
accuracy but he's got some uh some
genuine hits there that can't be
ignored he also said that Joe Biden that
he knows that Joe Biden walks around the
White House naked at night and is all
drugged
up and then he and Tucker agreed because
Tucker apparently has confirmed
information that uh Biden's on
amphetamines and that they they pump
them up with amphetamines just before
public
appearances but then he's basically a a
blithering idiot all the rest of the
time does that sound
right I would say it not only sounds
right I feel like it's
obvious don't you think it's kind of
obvious that he's drugged up when they
Trot him out in
public yeah to to me I'd say if this
isn't true I'd be really surprised
really really
surprised
yeah so at what point do you get your
president drug test
would it be reasonable to ask because I
don't believe the when the White House
doctor does a um an
exam aren't they supposed to tell us if
the president's on
drugs is that not part of what the
public should know because what would be
the point of saying oh this person is
healthy if we don't know they're on
cocaine or
something do you think think
amphetamines have no impact on your
decision-
making yeah do do you know what uh Isis
is given to go into battle and Hamas
Fighters are given to go into battle
amphetamines do you know why they give
them
amphetamines because it makes them do
Brave and Reckless
things it makes them do Brave and
Reckless things in other words they
shouldn't have been brave about it they
should have not done it
all how do you like knowing that your uh
your head of your military who's
involved in one hot war and you know
well I guess he's involved in two hot
Wars although not with soldiers yet how
do you like the fact that that's the guy
who might be taking a drug almost
certainly is taking a drug that
guaranteed could you make you more uh
let's say confident and therefore more
prone to
risk what do you think I feel like we
need to know that and if we don't know
it that should be uh grounds for
impeachment that's what I
think um there's a story that uh this is
how Tucker Carlson is framing it that uh
that the Biden Administration is openly
threatening that if we don't fund
Ukraine uh that our our sons will be
sent to die
now I'm not sure that's exactly the way
it was framed but it's pretty close it's
pretty close here's what actually
happened so secret defense secretary
Lloyd Austin told some members of the
House in a closed briefing that if they
don't appropriate more money for um for
Ukraine uh will'll end up sending your
uncles and cousins and Sons to fight in
Russia now it's not exactly a threat
it's more like a worst case scenario
like if we don't do this we might be
forced to do this other thing that we
also don't want to
do but it does come across as a
threat even if that's not the intention
he's using it literally to
negotiate if you're using the risk of
sending your children to die as your
negotiating
lever well that is sort of blackmail
that is sort of blackmail isn't it it's
it's right on the
line I mean I guess you could say it's
somewhat transparent except that it was
closed door meeting I think which is not
so transparent I'd feel less bad if he
said it in public because at least you
we all see exactly what's going
on but if he's using that as a method to
threaten uh lawmakers behind closed
doors that's pretty not
cool all right
um
uh Nikki H's uh campaign has an adviser
that's already calling V ramas Swami's
uh destruction of her during the uh
debate as
misogynist let me give you some advice
Nikki Hy if you're running as a
Republican and a woman and somebody
criticizes you and your attack through
at least through your proxies and I
think she said it before is that it's
misogyny you're no
Republican how in the world does she
have enough support to make it into the
next I mean that's that's as unrean as
you could
be she's literally saying that her like
her I mean well I don't even have to say
more do I do I have to say more about
that there's what else is there to say
you could not be less qualified if
that's the best you got the best you got
is oh I'm a woman and I'm superior
because I'm a woman what she said she
actually actually says she's Superior
cuz she's a woman and that also anybody
who has a criticism of her policies is a
misogynist you Nikki hilly you
 I do not want you anywhere
near the Oval Office because we don't
need a sexist in the office right we
don't need somebody who's an obvious
misandrist sexist woke artist
money
spending
piece of
 well that's just my opinion all
right
um let's
see so see if you could recognize what
this uh topic
is um I'll I'll read a quote and this is
comes out of a larger piece but see if
you can find the topic if the United
States allows a country to be crushed in
an illegal Invasion it will raise grave
questions about the credibility of
defense and strategic agreements that
underpin the entire Western World so
allows a country to be crushed by an
illegal
Invasion he's talking about the border
right he's talking about our border
right because we're being crushed by an
illegal Invasion and it would hurt our
credibility or defense or strategic
agreements now this this is uh Stephan
Collison talking about our need to fund
Ukraine yeah we need to fund the Border
in
Ukraine so that we're credible while our
own border has people streaming across
it he actually said
that imagine writing
that and you know with no sense of
awareness about how that sounds amazing
anyway wow so there was a trump ruling
that Trump liked in New York City and so
I saw Trump saying he was happy about
the ruling and so I said oh what is what
is this ruling so I went to look for it
couldn't find it couldn't find it so I
finally I had to ask uh grock to go find
me the news about why is Trump happy
about some ruling so I found it out so
that was one thing that grock did that
helped me I couldn't find it in the news
it seemed like it would be big news but
wasn't on anybody's front page so here's
the ruling I guess uh at the moment the
judge who is already ruled about Trump's
so-called um inflating his assets Etc so
he's already ruled that that was
fraudulent but then the question is
what's the penalty and one of the
potential penalties is that Trump would
lose all of his business or have to put
it in some kind of a trust or something
in New York so apparently the judge has
decided you know to temporarily halt
that so we don't know what happens in
the long run but at the moment the judge
is not closing down Trump's business in
New
York is that
because it's so obvious that there was
no victim of the crime and they would
not close down anybody else's business
in the same circumstance is it just too
embarrassing at this point looks like
it well Hunter Biden is in trouble now
he's got some charges against him so
he's he's got what nine charges mostly
for taxes or all for taxes I guess I
guess he was writing off uh his hookers
and his drugs and
his sex clubs and everything else's
business and treating things as loans
and oh my God it was just a mess so
apparently his tax cheating was just
epic like it wasn't just a little bit it
wasn't n just when he was on drugs he
was just a gigantic tax cheat allegedly
we'll see if they prove
it
um but here's what CNN
says oh by the way we there's no Farah
charges so Farah is a thing that says
you have to register as a foreign agent
if you're doing work for other countries
uh that would have a political impact I
guess
so he didn't register that way but he
was clearly taking money from China and
Ukraine Etc so um there's a thought that
because the language that we've seen
does mention his his work in the other
countries and it mentions some
specifically that probably there might
be some consideration of some further
charges later about those not being a
registered lobbyist thing but at the
moment it's just about his not paying
taxes
and he spent his money on drugs and
escorts and girlfriends luxury hotels
rental properties exotic cars clothing
and other items
yikes um as uh Steven Miller points out
on X you have to appreciate that the
previous president's son so Trump's son
was at a meeting once and it was
two-year long news cycle and now we
learn that the current president son is
basically Patrick baitman and CNN fact
Checker CNN's fact Checker is away on
leave and the Washington Post fact
Checker is on
strike so the Biden news comes out when
the CNN fact Checker is on on vacation
or on leave and the uh and the
Washington Post is on
strike that's too good that's that is a
good post Steven Miller nicely done on
on that
one so what do you think do you think
that the charges against Hunter are a
clear indication that the Democrats have
flipped on Biden and that they want him
to get out of there as soon as possible
and he's not going so they're just going
to keep the pressure on that's what it
looks like to me it looks like Hunter
was being protected
politically and now they don't want to
protect them in fact they want to put
pressure on Biden to get out of there I
got a
feeling uh that's what's happening now I
told you I thought Biden was hanging on
so he could pardon Hunter but at least
some of the charges are California
charges am I right so you wouldn't be
able to Pardon them on any California
charges and these are pretty serious
felony
charges Delaware you say well I see
California listed as the state on
these all right uh those are California
federal courts oh it's a federal court
but in
California is that what you're telling
me Oh okay correction correction it's
say California based but it's a federal
court in California all right sorry I
got that wrong Federal so all the
charges are federal is that is that
correct so far all charges are federal
well isn't that convenient how
convenient the charges against Trump end
up being State charges huh huh but the
charges against Hunter all are
conveniently Federal how about that
huh now if he didn't pay his
taxes can can we just you know let's
just take this to the next level Are you
seriously telling me that they're going
to charge him federally for not his
federal taxes but there's no
state that wants to charge him for not
paying his state
taxes
so does do the federal charges cover not
paying his state
taxes I don't know I have questions
about
that all right
um van Jones as you
know uh criticized the ramaswami because
said that uh there is something like a
replacement Theory happening meaning
that the white Americans are being
replaced by
foreigners and Van Jones said well
that's pretty racist sounding thing to
say that there's some kind of plan to
replace you know white people with brown
people and it took all of one day for
vake and his team to find a video of Van
Jones
uh saying this is actually van Jones
saying this in 2021 uh the request from
the racial Justice left is we want the
white majority to go from being a
majority to being a minority and like it
he says that's a tough request and
change is
hard so in Van Jones own words he says
that the left that's his group very
directly wants to get rid of the white
majority and wants the white majority to
be happy about
it he said that he said it directly
that's exactly what V is saying that
there's a there's an intention it's not
just happening
accidentally but the people on the left
have an intention of replacing white
people until they're not in charge
anymore according to them
yeah now that's about as good a dunk as
you can
do it it's hard to find a dunk that's
this clean where somebody criticized you
and then you find in 2021 a video of
them saying exactly the thing they
criticize you for that's that's a good
dunk uh according to City Journal the
University of Washington uh for years
has been um directly avoiding hiding
hiring white candidates and even if they
were best qualified they would use a
process of making up different
qualifications so they could hire
someone else that they would basically
change the job requirements until it no
longer fit the highly qualified person
and and something about life experience
or something it fit somebody
else all right um so they actually have
a handbook that's been obtained by the
National Association of Scholars that
spells out how to exclude candidates of
quote undesirable
races you know that I don't think this
says undesirable races uh this is just
somebody else's opinion that it's
undesirable or that they think it's
undesirable
so it's in writing it's in
writing yeah how about those air air
traffic
controllers
um apparently the House Republicans are
taking action to reverse an Obama
administration
policy that would lower the lower the
the skill requirement for air traffic
controllers so they could get more
diversity and the the assessment
reportedly
gives it gives
more I don't know if any of this is true
this doesn't sound true but maybe but
here's the claim that um if you're an
applicant for to be an air traic
controller and you have a scientific
background that they would ding you for
it because it might make you sound too
white ER Asian if you understood
science this is the most racist thing
I've ever seen in my
life anyway and then they they'll give
you extra points if you haven't been
employed for 3
years so so they want you not to
understand science but also to be
somebody who's been unemployable in
general for three
years I will never fly
again I'm not going to fly until those
damn planes are flying themselves you
can't get me a self flying plane fast
enough I mean seriously this is
hilariously stupid and but but to their
credit the Republicans are trying to fix
it
now I've got a uh observation that youve
seeing more people talk about um do you
know I think lot a lot of you do know
who is the most discriminated
demographic group in the United States
and has been for decades the most
discriminated group for decades in the
United States has been well I asked that
question on a
poll let me uh update it see what people
said so I said what what is what group
in America experiences the most direct
discrimination so
not and then I cheekily said I'm not
including women in the survey for
obvious reasons do you know what the
obvious reasons are that I'm not
including women in the
survey because it's obviously not them
they're obviously not the ones we're
most discriminated against so there's no
point in putting them in there so my
categories were white men black men
Asian men and Hispanic men and here's
how my followers or at least the ones
who saw this uh so 7,800 votes and 82%
say white men are the group uh
experiences most discrimination next uh
is Asian men at 9% black men at seven
and Hispanic men at
two now do you wonder why Hispanic men
are streaming into the country at record
levels how about the fact that they
experienced the least amount of
discrimination including the people who
are already
here imagine being Hispanic and you're
trying to come into the country
illegally and you find out not only can
you come in illegally but they'll be
very polite they'll be very polite to
you at the
border uh they might give you food and
medical care if you need
it and then they will uh take you to a
place that will provide you food and
shelter until you can get
established what would you think of
America if that was your experience
because that's the experience of a whole
lot of people right
now I would love America like even even
though I might be you know in bad
situation until I you know can build
something and get something going I
would love the fact that they embraced
me when I walked in illegally how do you
not love that that's pretty awesome so
yeah it makes
sense but why do you think it is that
the press and social media and most of
the people who don't follow me on social
media why would they not answer that
white men are the most discriminated
class what would cause them not to know
that
in my opinion there are something like
100 million direct witnesses that this
is
true white men I'll say it again there
are at least 100 million direct
eyewitnesses that white men are the most
directly discriminated in America a 100
million Witnesses spanning at least 40
years so why do the rest of the country
not know this
if there are 100 million Witnesses a 100
million Witnesses that's not I don't
think that's an exaggeration that might
be low like I picked a conservative
number it could be 200 million but at
least a 100 million direct wises do you
know why it's not in the news and we act
like we don't know
it because the other 250 million
people are taking it as their full-time
 job to make sure that the 100
million don't say it out loud
Am I Wrong 250 million people are making
godamn sure that the 100 million don't
talk because if they do the whole game
is lost the whole game is to keep
abusing this one class of citizens and
make them say they like it do you know
who says who agrees with me van Fu and
Jones He said it directly in 2021 that
you're trying to get white people to
like it and that's a hard cell cuz why
would they
why would
they yeah so let me say it again there
are a 100 million witnesses to this
crime 100 million and there are 250
 telling him to sh to
stay the shut keep their mouth shut
that's why that's why people don't know
about it that's the whole story right
there now here's what I
think I don't know this is true for
everybody I think white men are just
done you know what that means
right we're done rolling
over because it didn't
work here let me tell you about white
men I can't speak for any other group
and I probably shouldn't speak for white
men but it's an observation you know
it's not like a scientific fact but
white men very much want to get along we
just don't want to make trouble just
want to earn my money money take care of
the family stay out of trouble and as
long as that works we will eat so much
 as long as I'm making my money
taking care of the family you know I get
to drink some beer and watch some
sports I'm
good but once you get to the point where
you can't earn money and you can't take
care of your
family you don't have any reason to keep
your mouth
shut so you're going to see some free
speech like you never
expected because people like me are
putting our entire lives on the line to
make this possible for you you know that
right you know I put my life on the
 line to make this possible for
the rest of you to speak maybe a little
bit more freely yeah this is not this is
not just social media doesn't like you
it's not just oh you lost a little money
we're putting our lives on the
line and it's because we're
done we're just
done it's time to be
honest and you're going to get some
honesty that you were not
expecting and in the end it will be good
in the end it will be good for everybody
because we I don't think there's bad
intentions anywhere there's no bad
intentions uh it's just we've AE
for 40 years and now we're
done let me say that again
white man we ate for 40
years and now we're done so things will
be different I don't know exactly how
but we're definitely done so just know
that all
right
um Charline the God is one of the guest
hosts of The Daily Show I guess they
have a a rotating schedule of guest
hosts until they can find a permanent
one but shamine the God says uh he wants
to Biden to deliver The Ultimate
Christmas gift and drop out of the race
now shaag the god identifies presumably
on left Democratic side of
things and
um so he's he's saying it directly now I
think
that's uh useful and smart and I would
give him credit for being a good citizen
and a patriot in this regard I don't
know what else he's done but I kind of
have a positive opinion of him for this
um so here's the interesting
thing so uh I looked at some of the
other people who were you know on board
to maybe guest host and I was thinking
who who would maybe not be able to get
this job as a guest host on The Daily
Show who would be
qualified can you think of two people
you know who would be totally qualified
for the job but could not get it if they
applied for
it well one would be me would you agree
would you agree that I'm both qualified
for the
job I'm literally a humorist who talks
about the news in a humorous Fashion on
a live stream s days a
week that's pretty qualified right I
have a long track record of success in
professional domains very much like this
kind of perfect I've been offered jobs
like this yeah years ago
ABC Good Morning America offered me a
job to you know be an on-air
commentator so I think I'd be qualified
but do you think I could get that job in
20 2024 no no do you know who else would
never get hired for that
job here's the funny one I I saved the
funny one John Stewart John
Stewart do you think John Stewart could
get a job on The Daily Show in
2024 I doubt
it so uh John
Stewart how you feeling
now all right um Glen and Greenwald
continues to be I don't know what the
word for it is
but he is so
useful to America even though he doesn't
live here right he is so useful because
he's willing to say any damn thing that
is unpleasant but you should hear it
like I love that about him even when I
disagree with him which happens
sometimes but he said this this has been
the single best week in years for the
cause of limiting free expression and
free discourse in other words he's
saying you know censorship is an alltime
high he says anyone who claims they
believe in free speech while they cheer
the union of hedge fund billionaire and
DC politicians to impose speech limits
is a
fraud so I think what he's talking about
if I interpret this correctly is that
the people telling the pro Palestinian
people to shut up are anti-free
speech now are those people making it
very very difficult for Jewish students
to just enjoy their lives and feel safe
and go to college yeah yeah super super
uncomfortable and and uh I don't know
what you do about that and still
maintain free
speech so it looks like the colleges are
probably going to prefer um keeping the
keeping the um student safe I think in
the long run and that probably means
limiting Free
Speech are you in favor of
that because the problem is that one
person's
um incitement to violence is another
person's ordinary
talking so and I think I think Glenn
made this point that when to to Jewish
and American ears some of the things
that the Palestinian supporters say
sound kind of like kill them
all and it sounds like that to me but
his argument would be that they're not
thinking at that way and therefore we're
misinterpreting to some extent I think
it would be more fair to say
some of them are definitely thinking of
it that way but others might not so what
do you do with
that right that's a tough
one
so let me State again I'm 100% in favor
of Israel's response to October 7th 100%
I think everything they've done so far
looks right to me in the sense that we
would have done the same thing so I
don't judge anybody who does exactly
what I would have done in the same situ
situation how can I so I'm 100% in favor
of everything they've done so
far um and that and and I take myself
out of the conversation for everything
that happened before October 7th right
so I'm not endorsing Israel I'm not
condemning them I'm not interested I'm
just not interested that's that's their
business they can work it out but if
you're asking me about October 7th yeah
if that happens to your country you're
going to respond exactly the way Israel
is if you're smart and you have the
ability to do it but that
said there there is some uh impact on
Free Speech that's happening right now
and I'm glad that Glenn Greenwald is
calling it out so I'm going to give him
a little bit of support on this while
saying
that I hate seeing the pictures of the
the Palestinians who seem to be
horrifying the Jewish students
I don't see the benefit to it I don't
like it I hate everything about it but
you know what when black lives matter
was protesting I was a little
uncomfortable with
that but except for the violent Parts I
still support it when the uh when the
racists the Nazis are getting their
little group together of 12 people
that's all they can ever muster these
days and the 12 people say terrible
things I still favor their free speech
don't agree with their message so I'm on
the greenw side I think that we're
chipping away at Free Speech because we
are too invested
in protecting one side now that's not a
bad impulse I kind of like the fact that
we're invested in protecting parts of
our
public so it's a tough one you almost
can't have free speech and also protect
the public the way it should be
protected so it's going to be a tough
one
so I guess Israel is using seawater to
flood those tunnels over there in Gaza
now and we saw some videos that show a
bunch of
prisoners that came out of the tunnels
rather than drowned and some people are
calling it a success way too
early it looked like I don't know maybe
40 people they captured in one video
that's not anywhere near the number that
are down there so we don't know if it's
working and we don't know if it's going
to destroy the um the big risk if you
didn't know this is that because it's
underground stuff if you bump a bunch of
sea water in there it's going to pollute
the aquafer which is freshwater so Gaza
depends on drilling into the freshwater
um that will be polluted by maybe the
salt water so it's
possible that the freshwater supply for
Gaza is gone
forever gone forever right right cuz if
you get the sea water in there you can't
really get it out it's it becomes
unusable now maybe there's some
desalinization you know way to get
around that but uh that's a pretty big
secondary effect and I would add this to
my watch list of signals that suggest
that Israel doesn't want it ever to be
resettled now I'm not going to make that
as an accusation I'm going to say I
speculate that at least one possibility
that would work for Israel is that
nobody ever lives there again and
removing the fresh water would certainly
go a long way toward making that
happen
so it could be they're getting a TW fur
out of this but I don't want to I don't
want to accuse them of having that
intention it might just be what what
ends up happening but if you're looking
for the
intention this would be one thing that
would be consistent with it but not
proof of it
and I have to say if it were me I might
want to leave it
uninhabited otherwise you just recreate
the
problem
um let's see
um so secretary
blinkin says that uh the Ukraine
situation was more of a winwin than we
realize because 90% of the money that we
quote sent to Ukraine was actually spent
on American um military contractors and
and
manufacturers do you first of all do you
believe that because I I thought we were
paying the pensions of politicians and
we're feeding people and paying salaries
of stuff do you believe that 90% of it
went right back to American
Producers and if it's true does does
that make you feel good or bad if it's
true then I would say it's a really high
signal that it's a unnecessary war and
that we're doing it for the benefit of
the people who got the money have you
ever heard of follow the
money as in follow the money explains
everything you see all the time every
time right if you follow the money in
this one a bunch of money came out of
your pocket you know indirectly cuz we
borrowed I suppose
it it went right back into the pockets
of these military
contractors who have you know huge
lobbying impact on
Congress does that suggest this that
this is a war we should be supporting or
does it suggest it's the only War we had
available to keep the military
industrial complex humming
along to me it looks like an optional
war that we did it just to keep the keep
feeding the military industrial complex
if Ukraine went away tomorrow do you
think we wouldn't find another place to
go to war of course we would because we
have an entire industry that requires
some kind of a brewing hot war or else
they can't make as much money
yeah
so yeah so there are 600,000 dead
ukrainians kim.com was saying this you
got over 600,000 dead ukrainians
and blinkin stands up there and says it
looks like a win-win
scenario because Ukraine lost you know
probably more than a million people I'm
sure and what we got was some good
income he actually said that I mean I'm
paraphrasing it but he actually said it
was a
win-win that Ukraine is winning by
somehow losing their entire you know
young
base that's a hell of a
win I don't know all right ladies and
gentlemen that concludes my comments the
best you've ever
seen I guess I was a little more honest
than I was expecting today let's keep an
eye on grock see if it uh improves I
think it'll be rapidly improving I
wouldn't
um I wouldn't think too hard about its
current flaws I think it's you know
early release wanted to get it out there
get some comments um I think we're
probably 2 months away from grock just
blowing your mind but we'll
see
um yeah all right YouTube thanks for
joining and I will talk to you later
tomorrow probably you're awesome