all right let's see if we have audio so
whoever comes on here first could you
tell me if you can hear me can you hear
me Nicholas
anybody oh we have sound again okay so
it looks like uh rebooting worked Hey
Thomas first day on
Periscope all right success I'll wait
for some of the rest of you to pile back
in here before I continue should be a
moment so not sure how much you heard of
my last point but I was saying that the
administration should focus or even
create a fund of just the technology
startups who are or even larger
companies who are working on
specifically reducing the cost of
healthcare one of the companies that
could be involved in that would be my
own so uh I'm far from uninterested in
this and if you don't know the interface
by whenhub app that my startup makes let
me change the lighting on this so you
can see it allows you to be an expert or
call an expert for an immediate online
or scheduled uh video call and that
could include healthc Care Professionals
so we're we're adding doctors to it Etc
so one of the things that the
administration could do is to say that
we're going to experiment with so let
say a lowcost insurance plan that
includes maybe some catastrophic
insurance for the big stuff and then
maybe direct payment for doctors or use
of apps uh or you know some other uh
newer Innovative processes for the low
end so we could experiment with that all
right the other news I'm seeing is that
uh the uh bie DeVos is has cut the
funding for Special Olympics from the
education budget
now that's not a good
look if you're president Trump it's not
a good look at all um but here's the
first thing that I said when I saw that
I saw that the Special Olympics was
taken out of the education budget what
was your first thought about that my
first thought about that was why are the
Special Olympics in in the education
budget and why is the federal government
paying for Special Olympics
I'm not against Special
Olympics but why is the government
paying for it I mean I don't I don't
really I get that people like it I get
that it has benefits I'm not saying I'm
not saying it's a waste of
money I'm just saying why is the
government paying for it and why would
it be in the education budget so when
you think of it that way uh they teach
us compassion again I'm not saying there
are no benefits
the government could fund all kinds of
different things that would also have B
benefits but it wouldn't be the mission
of the federal government so you I guess
there's Federal funding as well so I got
to say I've never quite
understood Special Olympics
[Music]
um well I don't want to go any further
because I'll get painted with some bad
brush I just don't know that that's
where the money should be going let let
me let me give you let me be more
specific if you had a special needs
child and the government said to you hey
we want to help you with your special
needs child and we have X dollar to do
it would you want the government to put
that limited money into the Special
Olympics or would you prefer that the
government gave you um let's say a tax
break so that you could get maybe some
profession
help um that you wouldn't otherwise have
for your special needs kid which would
you prefer I mean Special Olympics makes
people happy and I'm not doubting the
benefits but if you have limited money
which is the real world is is the
Special Olympics where the parent of a
special needs child would want that
money to go compared to the Alternatives
just a question
um let's talk about Venezuela apparently
Russia is moving in assets and uh
military assets to
Venezuela
which uh should be
worrisome
and my first thought about that when I
saw that the Russian military was
sending heavy military equipment to
Venezuela I thought what would be the
blowback if we just bomb bomb the
out of
it now I'm not suggesting we do that I'm
just asking the question if if we just
said we're not going to
tolerate Uh Russian military assets and
advisors or even troops apparently there
are
troops in in this continent the South
American North American continent if we
just
said hey here's the deal Russia we'll
give you a week to get rid of your
you got a week to get rid of it in a
week it's going to be gone either way so
you can either put it on a boat and take
it home or you can watch it you know go
up in a fireball and I'm wondering what
exactly would be the
blowback yeah Monroe Doctrine somebody
saying exactly
um wouldn't we be able to get away with
that clean and wouldn't it wouldn't it
be
a you know a fairly unambiguous message
it says stay out of our hemisphere
you know stay out stay out this part of
the world I'm not sure there would be
any somebody says there's a nuclear risk
I think that's
zero because how much does Russia really
care about Venezuela apparently they
care about their Investments so it's a
it's a financial decision for Russia but
the other fun part about it is it's kind
of smart for Russia to create a
bargaining chip because if we start
telling Russia that they need to get out
of Venezuela because that's our part of
the world what does Russia say if we say
to Russia you have to get down of
Venezuela because this is our part of
the world or any version of that
Russia's going to say get out my part of
the world so it's kind of a clever play
but I I heard Philip Philip mud on CNN
who's I haven't heard what Philip mud
says yet about the Russia collusion hoax
but he was talking about Russian assets
moving into Venezuela and on this topic
I will take his expert
advice and one of the things he says is
something that we forget that Russia is
a very weak
country that they they barely have a you
know their their economy is not strong
their military is kind of small we kind
of Imagine them still being like the
Soviet Union you know more of a more of
a serious problem um and that one of the
things we could do with Venezuela is
just ignore it because it just doesn't
matter and we could just ignore it so
one thing is just a question could we
just bomb their assets and make a point
about don't put them here again because
if you try it again we'll just bomb him
again but we could also just sort of
ignore it because Venezuela will do
whatever Venezuela does it's not like
we're going to send in the military so
their weapons shouldn't make any
difference anyway as long as we're not
you know we have no serious reason to
think we're going to move the military
against
Venezuela it doesn't matter it's just
Russia wasting some more
money all right in the news apparently
Greenland is uh the Glaciers are
increasing not decreasing which would be
the opposite of what you would
expect um it's the opposite of what you
would expect with climate change you
would expect their glaciers to be
shrinking um now I tweeted that around
because it was funny it was just funny
that that news came out the same time
Trump was having his best week ever but
don't make too much of it it doesn't
actually yeah it doesn't mean anything
that there's one area of the world
that's getting either warmer or colder
there's nobody on the climate
science um side of things who makes any
claim that there's any one place on the
earth that's telling you much so it is
within the theory that it could get
warmer in places while it's getting
colder in other places because the whole
weather patterns are changing because of
the disruption so uh don't celebrate
anything about the Greenland glaciers it
is not it neither confirms nor debunks
climate change it's just a data point it
doesn't mean too much all right
I got a question for you as you know I
think half or more of all your phone
calls lately are scam phone calls for me
it's closer to 95% I would say 95% of
all my phone calls are you know just
Spam and
scams now you probably have the same
situation do you leave your ringer
on because I turned my notifications and
my ringer off and I just leave it off
all the time and it's it's sort of an
experiment because I have to actually
pick up my phone and consciously look to
see if I have a message and sometimes it
might be an hour or two and I haven't
checked any messages and here's the
thing if you leave your notifications on
during the
day then you're being managed by other
people other people are deciding what
you think about and what you do and what
you care about so checking your email on
a regular basis or even keeping your
notifications on turns you into a slave
that turns you into a
slave the so um what I've been
experimenting with is H how many
problems are caused by not checking my
phone and I'll give you an example so
and definitely there are problems so
yesterday I was on my way to um an
interview
uh and I was for Greg gel's uh
podcast and um I got there like sort of
right on time or maybe two minutes after
the the early time I was supposed to be
there so I I was way on time very much
on
time but I hadn't hadn't checked in
getting close to the time I was supposed
to be there which was way way ahead of
the time I needed to be there and so the
producer producer had been texting
me because she was worried and it makes
a really big deal right if you're the
producer and you don't know if if your
talent is heading to the location you're
pretty worried and you don't know if you
need a backup plan or what you're going
to do but it didn't affect
me so here's the selfish part of it it
didn't affect me I just went to the
interview did the interview drove home
had no effect but it definitely affected
someone else so how much of not doing
what other people want are you willing
to accept in your life in order to have
the Peace of not being interrupted by
your phone and I've decided that I will
be inconvenient to other
people for my own benefit and I wonder
if how many of you are making a similar
decision which is yeah it would be great
for other people if I had my
notifications on and got back to them
right away that would be excellent for
other people it would be just bad
terrible like really bad for
me now let me offer a suggestion if you
are a producer or any kind of an
organizer and you depend on people to
show up at an event whether you're a TV
producer or you're a wedding planner a
wedding planner really needs to know
when people are showing up right I mean
that's pretty important or you're an
event person and you're waiting for your
speaker to show up Etc may I suggest a
an app which my startup made it's called
approach and it would allow you to send
down a text and then you could track on
a map just for a short time it times out
that's key so you're not tracking people
all the time um it allows you
to track multiple people coming to a
destination so if you were let's say a
wedding planner and you need to know if
the flower and the music and the the
bride and everybody are going to show up
on time you could just send them all one
text through the app you could send it
out by email or text or social media and
then anybody who accepted would show up
on your map just like an Uber app you
could see where they're going you could
see how far they are away
so uh this is one substitute for having
your notifications on you don't have to
wait for people to call you because you
can just see they're on the way and
that's all you need to know all right
that's one of my company's apps the
other is interface by whenhub and I hope
you check that one out all right
now um have you ever heard this saying
and I think I'm paraphrasing it is
something like this the greatest trick
the devil ever played was convincing the
world he doesn't exist have you ever
heard that I don't know who said it
first but I'm seeing something like that
with the
media because the the anti-trump media
has actually gotten away with creating
this image of trump that scares people
to death like he's like he's he's all
the problem like the problem is what
Trump does it's not a problem of the way
they report it and they've actually
convinced most of the most of the
country that the problem is Trump and
not the way they report it for example
with this Special Olympics thing I hear
that people are already sending around
um the the video of trump when he
allegedly he didn't actually do this but
allegedly mocked uh Serge whatever his
name is the reporter who had a a bad arm
bad arm meaning some genetic condition
where his arm was not fully functional
now you've all seen the the video and
I'm not going to do an impression of it
but let's say that um Trump used to hand
motions that people said look like he
was mocking a guy with a bad arm now if
you
are consuming only the media on the left
that's all you saw you saw Trump
apparently mocking a guy with a bad arm
and that's and if that's all you saw you
believed it so Trump is a bad person
that's that's the um conclusion but if
you consume the media on the right or
the social media on the right you've
probably seen many times videos of trump
talking about completely other people
with identical hand motions and the
funniest part is that one of them was
Ted Cruz so I have a a clip that I'll
probably release if this if this becomes
another story you know if it if it rises
to the national attention again I'll
start tweeting around the clip of Ted
Cruz of President Trump mocking Ted Cruz
with identical or close enough to
identical hand motions and I believe
there's even a compilation clip of him
using the same motions in a number of
different
speeches referring to a different people
every time so take that example what
what is one of the the most problematic
things that anti-trumpers believe they
believe that Trump mocked a disabled guy
in
public but that never happened
it literally didn't happen and it's easy
to prove you just look at the video of
him doing the same thing with other
people and you go okay that's that's
what he does
so uh so who's the devil is it the devil
the person who made this false story or
the person they're talking about so with
this Russia collusion stuff you know the
story is now at least people are waking
up to they're waking up to the story
that it's the way that media treats it
it's not really the subject of the story
that's the one who's doing the bad stuff
at least in every case all right here's
an interesting
question let's say this is a thought
experiment so you don't need to disagree
with it so this is if if climate change
is a dire catastrophic
problem as the Green New Deal suggests
and as climate scientists by a majority
suggest and the climate models suggest
if that's all true and we're heading
toward Doom with climate
change who would you
blame well at this point I would blame
whoever was behind at least partly not
totally but I would put some of that
blame if we were to progress toward Doom
with the client I would put some of that
blame on the
media because the media just served up
one of the biggest hoaxes of all time
and got caught the the Russia conspiracy
hoax and if you if you put one um you
know pants on fire hair on Fire 2 hoax
on television and you run it for two
years and then you say whoops I guess
all of that was wrong literally
everything the experts told you was
wrong keyword expert
because there were experts in let's say
John
Brenan who is a bigger expert on you
know this intelligence stuff than John
Brennan he was the head of the CIA
totally wrong who are the experts
reporting things well there were
reporters who are experts at reporting
things totally wrong and now let's say
that story you know goes away and then
you start a new story which is that
climate change is going to kill us all
and it's probably Trump's fault if you
just went through two and a half years
of uh Trump Russia collusion and it's
all Trump's fault and then none of it
was true and then the very next thing
you hear is climate change is a giant
problem and it's all Trump's fault for
not acting on it are you going to
believe
it it gets harder to believe now here's
the thing what if they're
right right what what if climate change
is a problem and what if we don't at
least address it within 12 years
aggressively what if we we don't address
it because people didn't believe it why
is it they wouldn't believe it well it's
not because they're anti-science that
part is ridiculous there's nobody who's
anti-science by the way the the the idea
that there anybody is
anti-science is ridiculous have you ever
met anybody who's anti-science that's
not a
thing so I think the the Russia hoaxers
have to take some
responsibility as well as the media that
was behind it for anything in the future
that the public doesn't
believe right they got to take a little
credit for that
because Public's been
duped all right
uh so I'm watching people prepare
changing the topic prep prepare attacks
on Joe
Biden and one of the attacks that you
will see a million times if if he gets
close to the nomination or gets the
nomination is the compilation CP clip of
him doing things that look creepy with
young girls it's usually in the context
of some uh public photo opportunity and
there are a bunch of people and he's
getting hands on and kissing the girl
and she doesn't like it and I didn't
realize how many there are but
apparently there there you know there
may be like 10 something like 10 video
clips of him touching little girls in
ways that make you feel really
uncomfortable now I'm not going to make
any claim that there's any more to it
than exactly what we see on on the video
so I I don't make any claim beyond that
just that what we see makes us feel
uncomfortable but when you watch it you
say to yourself okay here's someone who
could never get elected I mean these
this compilation clip should completely
take him off the page but here's why it
won't the people on the left are never
going to see
it the people who might vote for him
will never see it you're going to see it
the people watching this I'll bet you'll
see
it maybe I don't know a hundred times
you know assuming he got the nomination
you would probably see that clip a 100
times on social media and people who
would vote for him will see it zero
times because we're so we're so siloed
at this point so I'm not sure it makes
any difference if the only people are
going to see it wouldn't have voted for
him
anyway I'm going to get rid of all caps
shouting person who who's yelling at
me all right
um and then the other thing that Joe
Biden if you said to yourself uh what is
Joe Biden most known for because people
are simple and they don't look at
somebody's you know vast 30 plus years
of public service and picking on all the
good stuff they tend to remember a few
key things now what are a few key things
you remember about Biden's
history well you remember an need a hill
right so if you if you just go to your
top of mind for Joe Biden and you been
around a while this would be older older
voters only they remember uh him pushing
what many people thought was too hard
and I think he even admits was too hard
against Anita Hill who Not only was a
woman she was
African-American and she was credibly
accusing uh Judge Thomas of sexual
harassment and I don't know that that
reputation can fly anymore now what will
protect Brien is that anybody under a
certain age didn't live through it and
they're not going to pay attention to it
because they don't pay attention to
negative stuff about their own candidate
so that too might make no difference at
all it just might make no difference
that he has that because people just
won't pay
attention all right um I think
I talked about
my topics oh I I tweeted that uh Adam
Schiff who says that he uh he still
believes there's plenty of
collusion Adam Schiff he is not being
fooled by being this Muller completely
clearing the president he still believes
there's plenty of collusion there and
every time I see it now it looks
different it looks like the story of the
the Japanese World War II solders who
hid in a cave for 28 years in Guam and
when they found him he didn't know that
the war had ended 28 years ago he was
just hiding out until it was over and
I'm just REM reminded of that he just
seems like that he should be in a cave
in
Guam um people are asking me to comment
on Mike Lee's funny sented speech I
turned on the clip and I watched
for roughly a
minute and I got bored and turned it
off so I don't know if you have a lot of
time maybe you want to watch it but it
just bored me so I don't think
it I just didn't know where it was going
so I got bored and turned it
off all right um swell believes the the
dossier is
true does he you know I don't think you
can um assume that anybody talking about
this topic believes what they say you
there was a point where where you could
have believed that there was a point
before the Muller report summary came
out that you could have said well I I
think they actually believe this or
maybe it's wishful thinking but they're
they think something's coming but now
now when you hear them
talk you can't make that you can't give
them the benefit of a doubt anymore now
now it's just lying
oh yeah I saw the story that Barbara
Bush blames Trump for her heart
issues because she got too much angst
about how he treated
Jeb and I think oh what a cheap what a
cheap
story that is such a cheap
story
um yes I see your clever puns about sww
Well's name
de deasio is doing the fine people hoax
all right so here's a little update on
the fine people
hoax you so you've seen how
much um how much energy
and uh I guess attention I got for the
fine people hoax and debunking it
and it it seems that instead of just
saying oh we were really wrong about
that people have changed their defense
of the fine people quote and now it's
changed to well if you were in the same
zip code as the neo-nazis even if you
were there for different purposes such
as supporting Free Speech which is very
different from being a Nazi supporting
Free Speech being a
Neo-Nazi different right um and so the
idea is that there is no way you could
be in that same general
area unless you were supporting the
neo-nazis and you were in fact a bad
person and I think to myself that's just
messed up the the most common thing in
the world is that people are in the same
geography for different
reasons the most common thing in the
world and to imagine that this is the
one time where people had to be on the
same side in order to stand in the same
zip code is completely nonsense
and there's a little bit of a
desperation to turn well okay he wasn't
talking about the Nazis being fine
people but what about the people who
were in the same general area you can't
you can't free them from any blame blame
because if you were in and and I'm not
going to tell you who said this but
there a a prominent person yesterday
asked me privately how how could I
explain you know the people who were
there who claimed not to be the
neo-nazis but were anti- statue you know
how how can you how can you explain
specifically that when they showed up
and they saw that you know there was
this giant Neo-Nazi March why didn't
they immediately leave and it was
presented to me that the person said
that they would immediately
leave and I thought to myself if I
showed up at an event that I didn't know
it was going to be a Neo-Nazi event and
suddenly I see all the Nazis marching
and I see antifa with their hoods and
clubs and
stuff I'm not
leaving
seriously I'm not going to leave that
are you kidding me if there's anything
I'm going to stay and watch it's that
there's no freaking way I'm going to
leave that
situation and it's not that I'm proud of
it and I'm not taking sides I'm saying
if there's an event of that
magnitude yeah I'd be filming it or or
at the very least I'm going to hang
around to see if anybody needs any
medical care like wouldn't you at least
hang around to see if you could be
useful should things go
wrong so to imagine that if you showed
up for a different reason and you saw
the the neo-nazis that the the only
explanation is that you're with them or
you would have
left is ridiculous I don't know any one
of you who would have left you would
have stayed a little while sure maybe
you don't stay till midnight but you
would have stayed a little while just to
find out what's going on if I if I see
any kind of
a you
know I don't know anything of that
magnitude it doesn't matter what it is
I'm going to stop and watch it all right
doesn't mean I approve of it I'm going
to watch it so it's just ridiculous to
say that those people must be Neo-Nazi
supporters because they didn't turn
around and leave nobody would have left
literally nobody would have left that
situation unless they felt in danger if
they felt personally danger and dangered
they would of course all
right that's all I got for now I'm going
to talk to you later