[Music]
hey everybody uh once you all get in
here I'm going to give you a quick
tutorial on some high Lev concepts of
engineering for the border
security and what I'm trying to do here
is I'm trying to find a
workaround for the installed uh
political process so we've been
depending on politics to solve our
border security situation and I see
ridiculous things such as uh I I see
politicians talking about engineering
Solutions you know if I see a president
talking about Steel versus concrete I
say to myself well this is sort of a
special case at least he's in
construction but he's not an
engineer president Trump knows a lot
about construction but he's not an
engineer people in his business hire
Engineers because they're not Engineers
Nancy pososi not an
engineer nobody who in politics at least
I can't think of any who are actually
Engineers so if we could depersonalize
the topic and hand it over to the
engineers we'd win and I want to show
you what that would look like and again
this is just highly
conceptual all right so here's some wall
engineering on this axis we have
population density the higher the
population the more you're going to want
a wall and the lower the less you need
one here's why if you have a a let's say
a border area that's out in the middle
of nowhere and there's nobody on either
side for Miles all you really need is a
drone cuz if you see somebody in the
Drone you send out the border patrol and
they drive over and they pick them up
all right so in those cases you don't
need much if it's low density there's
not much around you might need some
drones and sensors maybe a little fence
sort of like Israel does you know Israel
is mostly a fairly unimpressive low
fence what we call their wall isn't a
wall at all except in very few places
the places you need a solid
wall are where you have uh lots of
population on each side and there's an
obvious reason for that because if
somebody hops over the wall they
immediately can disappear into the city
so the more population density the more
you need something that will slow down
the people trying to get over because if
it takes a while to put a ladder up and
you know to to get over at least there's
some time for people to say hey
somebody's trying to get over that wall
let's send somebody over all right yeah
yeah somebody said that uh uh lucky
Palmer's company is working on this end
of the spectrum that's true uh and and I
would not bet against lucky Palmer to to
have a good solution that is so in order
to take it to the last level of getting
politics out of it don't you think it
would be
fair if the local city the only ones who
care about walls I mean really the only
place you need a wall is where people
can jump over it and just disappear into
the city so don't you think the city
should be the one to decide if they want
a wall it would be one thing for the the
government to make the funds available
but it would be another thing for the
city to say we we prefer to live with
the risk even even though you know we
could get rid of it or at least mitigate
it
now have you seen it explained this way
before have you seen it explained that
your population density is not the only
variable but it's probably the biggest
variable um and if you realize that this
is a somewhat of an engineering
decision and it's not so much a
political decision and if you want to
get the politics settled the right way
you want to do it as locally as possible
so when the people in El Paso say we
built a wall and it worked well that's
probably true cuz El Paso would be a
densely populated place compared to
other places and if somebody says we
don't need a wall out in these low
population areas you should agree with
them because why do you need a wall
there it's just cheaper to send down a
patrol car when when the Drone SP or the
sensor spot them
so uh somebody is saying totally
incorrect Scott well you could give me a
reason and I and I will look for your
comments here um in all of these things
I do on Periscope I'm always open to the
counterargument but you're dumb Scott or
you don't know anything is not really
not really an
argument somebody says that's BS the
coyotes will take that
rot yes it doesn't yeah let me be clear
if you build walls here the coyotes and
people trying to get across will go down
you know down to wherever they can get
across but keep in mind the point is
that the security here is exactly as
good as the security there because the
security in low density areas is that it
takes a long time to get to the Border
you know and you're going to be exposed
and visible the whole time you're
approaching it and then once you get
past you're also exposed and visible for
a long time again all right so it is
incorrect to say in this model that this
is less security than that because
that's not the case th this line is
drawn in a way conceptually to say that
everything on this line is just as good
as everything else because you don't
need a wall where you can see the people
walking for Miles you just go get them
all
right uh well the arresting them and
letting them go is obviously a separate
um
question somebody says that's a lot of
payroll over time I don't think so
because I think that this is the lower
expense mechanism when I when I say that
Engineers should be involved you should
know that Engineers always always put
the cost of something at near the top
right so no no engineer is going to
develop a system that's the inexp that's
the expensive way to do something you
can do cheaply so you should trust that
the engineers are going to look at all
of the costs you know the the people the
the maintenance the construction they're
going look at all that now and in the
future that's what they do trust the
engineers to look at all the factors
that's what they
do um somebody says we should hire the
illegals to build the wall you know I
think that's probably a terrible idea
because most of the wall
building uh is um with
equipment in other words there's
probably not a lot of manual labor in
most of this wall work possibly with the
f stuff but even that's probably
equipment
um your model is too simple border
security is more than the wall well
that's what a conceptual model is it's a
simplification so if you understand this
you understand the basic point that uh
that the density of the area is the main
driver of what kind of security you want
to put there
if you understand that then it takes all
the politics out of it and if we need
any politics let the city who is a
candidate for a wall have a local vote
if the local people don't want a wall in
their own City to protect their own
people I would say we should probably
respect that you know even though they
can get through the city and out but if
that's what they want you know maybe the
maybe the federal government should at
least respect that decision
um yeah I mean there's a good argument
for the uh the federal government to not
respect that decision because it is the
federal government's ultimate
responsibility but as a
compromise as a compromise maybe that
would
work yeah it's a matter of National
Security you are
correct um it probably you know I don't
know that the city should have an option
of no
security um build small tests yeah the
border is hard to test small because the
problem is if you do anything on the
border on a certain section it's just
going to cause people to go to the less
protected
section have you read the major academic
studies on this topic no has
anybody uh I think they'll start digging
lots of tunnels Scott well it's hard to
tun yeah I suppose they could build
tunnels but we're pretty good at
detecting tunnels now our tunnel
detection technology is pretty
good and I always wonder why couldn't
you put tunnel detection technology into
the wall itself isn't that a thing
wouldn't it be easy to build the tunnel
detection actually into the wall and
then if somebody disables it you know
where they are
all right that's all I wanted to say on
this topic I just wanted to frame it
that way and I'll keep it short talk to
you later