[Music]
everybody you found it you found the
best place to be in the morning yeah
congratulations on you that's the way to
start the day isn't it
yeah this want to get it going even
better
you do okay all you have to do is find
yourself a cop or a mugger glass of
tanker cellist and a canteen trigger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee
enjoyed me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine the end of the day
the thing that makes everything better
including the damn pandemic it's called
the simultaneous sipping it happens now
go mm-hmm I can feel the zinc being
delivered my ace two inhibitors don't
even know what any of that means but it
feels good sure it does so as people are
pouring in let me tell you about a cool
thing that happens in the life of
artists or creators whatever you want to
call me I usually don't call myself an
artist coz that it's just that word I
don't know there's something wrong with
the word an artist that just rubs me
wrong so I'd rather be a creator than an
artist and there's a cool thing that
happens in the life of creators and
you're lucky if it would happen to you
once in your life because it's such a
cool feeling and I'll tell you one of
the times that happened once was I was
in my cubicle and 1988 at Pacific Bell
and I was drawing a little comics on my
whiteboard at my cubicle and I started
developing this character Dilber now we
didn't have a name he was just a sort of
a technology worker in a big company
like the people I was working with so he
was a composite of people I worked with
but it didn't have a name and so I had a
name the nerve contest so I put a little
label says name the nerd and I drew the
picture of what would become Dilbert and
people were coming to my cubicle all day
long and they'd say huh
he looks like he'd be an earring they
write it down I think he'd be Poindexter
right now I think he'd be Bruce and
every time I'd see a name I look at it
about god mmm no no that he's not a
Bruce he's not he's not a Poindexter
he's not a Irving and one day my boss at
the time came in and he goes I got it
and he walks over that I can remember it
like it was today
he picks up dry race Barker you know I'm
sitting in my chair and and the the
picture is just so amazingly burned into
my memory and he writes on the board D I
l be e R T and he puts the top back in
the pen
he goes that's the name of your
character and I said what just happened
to me because I actually felt my entire
body go down a tunnel like I just going
forward in time into the future and I
saw the name on the character and felt
it like I have experienced the future
and and as he starts talking I felt
myself going back the you know back down
the tunnel
the other direction BAM and I was back
in 1988 and and I just looked at that
name and they looked at it on the board
and I thought what just happened what
just happened I feel like I just saw the
future from about that moment on I could
not have been talked out of Dilbert
working because from that moment I just
saw it and all I did was follow it I
didn't even make it happen if
like I mean obviously I didn't make it
happen but it felt like I was just
following the path that I'd just seen
now if you could have that happen once
in your life it's amazing there's these
moments of creative or artistic clarity
when things just happen now of course
you could always explain it as false
memory or I'm making up the story or
something so there's no way that you
would fully appreciate like what that
what that did to my head because it
really messed me up too to see reality
just get turned inside out like that at
least my experience of reality the base
reality probably didn't change at all
then there was another point there was a
point when I launched the comic it
wasn't really successful well it wasn't
successful so is a another comic that
was going to get launched do a few years
and disappear but people kept emailing
me and saying you know Dilbert should be
in the office it needs to be an office
comic and the moment I realized that I
could turn it into an office comic all
of the tumblers of the you know the
gears came together and it was like
click click click oh yeah if I just make
this an office comic it's easier to
write you know it's it's gonna relate to
these people and it was the answer so
that was like a second moment when I had
this creative clarity it's like oh yeah
and then Dilbert found his voice and
that's a sort of an artist talk her is
no good until it finds its voice so we
can bump around to being almost right
forever and you'll never catch on but
there's that moment where it locks in
you go
ah there's the voice and the voices but
let's say the case of the Dilbert comic
it's the the pointy-haired bosses
perspective versus the cubicle worker so
once you understand it as pointy-haired
management versus you know employee
that's the voice and then you could
write it forever
well eventually think that I think habit
I've been playing with this comedy
called robots read news whereas just a
static picture three pictures of a robot
always the same but he's reading the
news and I've been doing it for a few
years now like off and on I tried it out
and try it and it was all right you know
everyone's a wildly big good one but not
really and the other day I was playing
with it and I realized that if all I do
is make the robots read news the way CNN
does it'll be hilarious and that CNN is
my pointy-haired boss and the moment
that locked them you can't believe how
easy it is to write these comics now I
just as an experiment with about three
minutes before I went live I wanted to
see if I could write one from scratch in
three minutes I did it's pretty good and
all I did was I looked at the CNN
homepage I just scared the headlights
heddle headlines for their most
ridiculous story I was like oh there it
is you know their most ridiculous
interpretation and I just made a comic
that basically says what they say I just
put it into you know sort of funny comic
words which is so easy it's ridiculous
and so the the other thing we came
together you know I'm keeping most of
those comics will be for subscribers on
locals and I didn't plan it that way but
I just sort of I tested this at the same
time I was testing locals and I thought
well I guess that'll be its main home
and the other thing is that I can I can
make the characters say anything I want
so I can make them curse I could make
them be offensive do you know how long
I've waited for this moment how long
I've waited as a creator to be able to
write a comic in which the only thing
that matters is that what they say is
funny now of course I'll do a little bit
of self-censorship because it you know
you know my own sensibilities are not so
extreme that it needs to be you know
gross or something but the fact that I
don't ever have to
control my my first impulse of what
would be hilarious is is a freeing
experience I can't even explain to you
to have it happen again well really for
the first time it's like a completely
free experience I'm so happy I can't
even stand it on that on that one front
alright so that's just a little tour of
what let me give you some some other
examples of that
there there are moments when for example
I was writing my book loser think or win
Bingley when you realize exactly how to
do it when I wrote win big Lea those of
you read it now that it's a series of
persuasion lessons about how to persuade
but it didn't come together until I
realized I could wrap it around the
story of the election and once I
understood it as something that would
layer on top of a story and in my
experience of it it was like ding ding
ding it all came together so those are
the moments that the creator can almost
see the future probably not really but
it feels like it now of course the big
story today is Trump saying he was gonna
take that he is taking
hydroxychloroquine and zinc the
important part now I did I did a more
detailed video on this last night if you
want to see my opinion of all the
hydroxychloroquine I did I think a good
job of laying out the thinking last
night that's worth seeing if you didn't
see it but the summary is this if you if
you find yourself getting into online
battles about whether the president is
being crazy and reckless and ruining the
world by announcing these taking this
unproven drug unproven I say unproven
here are some things to say to defend
yourself online number one this unproven
drug has been taken by many people for
various conditions for decades and
decades can you produce for me
the statistics showing the number of
people who are dying from it I'd like to
see the URL you know just something that
shows that in fact there are some health
risks you will first notice it's real
hard to find that I'm not sure it exists
okay that's the first thing because
somebody did look for it and couldn't
find it but if you can find it I'd like
to see it so that's the first thing it's
like do you have some data that would
suggest it's dangerous I know you say
it's dangerous but what would be for
example a source of information because
I know you like your science don't you
you love your science you love your data
you don't want to be listening to old
orange man bad so instead of listening
to Trump on this medical condition
why don't I listen to you deer and deer
troll on Twitter I would like to take
your advice on this could you provide me
the link to that source that describes
the number of people statistics
specifically of the people who have been
damaged by this drug because now that we
have decades of experience of it we
probably have a pretty good idea how
many thousands is killed right now if
somebody could find that link it would
be interesting but I don't think it
exists I don't think anybody has that so
that's the first thing so first you want
to go after their sense of certainty and
then here's the next thing you want the
high ground kill shot yeah you do
Eric fenman good to see you
here's the high ground kill shot this is
a risk management decision not just a
medical decision and unless deer trolls
you can show me your risk management
calculation with an actual decision tree
that says if you go this way and you
take it there's this percentage it'll
help this percentage it'll kill you you
know I'm this age or these core
morbidities so I have this this level of
risk versus the other path and the other
path is well you know maybe it'll help
don't really know I'd have to put an
assumption on that 10 percent chance
make your make your assumption and then
do the math now if somebody is telling
you that the president is making a poor
medical decision you should say well
that's funny because it's not really a
medical
it's a cost-benefit decision in which
the medical advice is part of it and the
president is making a cost-benefit
decision if you think he's wrong I think
you could talk me into that so by the
way this is this is a persuasion
technique instead of starting out by
saying you're wrong I'm right which is
hardens everybody's defenses try saying
to somebody who thinks that the
president's giving bad medical slash
risk management advice say this I think
you could I think you could talk me into
that I think you could convince me
can I see your math and I say math I
don't have any math yeah you know when
you did the when you did the
cost-benefit calculation what what did
you multiply what risk factors did you
assume because if you did the math right
and I agree with your assumptions I
think we're both looking at the same
news I'll take your assumptions I'll
check your math and if it's right if
it's right I'll change my mind
because it's really just a math question
right we don't have to disagree
it's not about my priorities it's not
about my preferences this is one of
those rare cases where it's just math
and if your bath and mind disagreed it
would be because we had an assumption
that was different the assumption might
be that you know the the risk of taking
it is X versus something else but we
would at least know what the difference
in assumption was so do you think
anybody's ever done that math no no I
don't even think the experts have
because you'd probably see it on the
news or in social media by now so I
would challenge any of you to simply put
that little spreadsheet together I don't
know how many numbers on the spreadsheet
it's not a lot right maybe a dozen
different numbers and assumptions that's
it that's your whole model right there
and just show your assumptions give us
the spreadsheet you know we'll tweak it
to get our own
then we'll be on the same page but
here's the thing do not let anybody get
away with telling you that he made a bad
risk management decision unless they're
willing to show their work because if
the key I show their work they're just
blah blah blah and there's nothing
coming out right so don't accept it
without the math they got to show their
work or they're in the same boat you are
just guessing all right I'll uh I loved
watching and I don't this is not a joke
I know that you think that maybe this is
hyperbole but when I read CNN in the
morning which I do every day I do it for
the jokes not just making jokes about it
which is fun as well
but because it literally makes me laugh
to watch you know how hard they strain
to to tell their version of it now I'm
not saying that Fox News doesn't also do
that I'm just saying that for whatever
reason CNN is just funnier about it
I don't know why I mean maybe it's
because of you know my bias or something
but here's one of the lines from one of
the opinion pieces that said their
presidents the president's health care
is normally the best normally so if they
just throw out a little a little
question mark about whether the
president has a good doctor well
normally it's the best but since we as
CNN are disagreeing with what the
professionally trained top of his top of
his field doctor is saying let's say
let's use our CNN judgement to say that
you'd normally normally you'd be the
best but I know we'll just leave that as
an open questions but normally it'd be
good all right and of course C of n is
is trying to mock Fox News for being
inconsistent in their coverage and what
they do is they say that the Fox News
can't decide whether the hydroxyl
chloroquine decision by Trump is
reasonable one as opposed to being right
you can only say whether it's reasonable
it is a reasonable or sort of
unscientific and dolt --is-- and
dangerous and they blame Fox News for
not being able to decide and being on
both sides of the question and they used
examples of Neil Cavuto saying things
and having expert on and Laura Ingraham
etc and here's the funny way they framed
it they framed it as Fox News can't
decide Fox News had doctors on it was
the doctors who couldn't decide
it wasn't Fox News that was inconsistent
Fox News had actual trained doctors on
one after another and those actual
trained doctors did not have the same
opinions that's now Fox News being
inconsistent that is the medical
community being inconsistent that's what
that is
to report that is Fox News being
inconsistent when when the news is
coming directly from the mouths of the
actual medical professionals while
you're looking at it that is just as
amazingly ballsy framing all right but
in any event the president is completely
right he's right that it's a reasonable
for him to take the risk and even on CNN
I think one of the experts a doctor said
that in the specific situation of the
president because he would be monitored
so closely for his health they he
doesn't have the same risk sa someone
else in his same situation who might be
on hydroxychloroquine maybe they're not
monitored as closely so they would have
a little extra risk
so even CNN's expert was saying yeah
president's kind of a special case it's
not the same risk as everybody else and
I don't think you know I guess it was
that a case of CNN having inconsistent
coverage because the expert and then the
expert actually was asked to weigh in on
Trump's doctor and the expert said yeah
it's just a tough call I don't know what
I would do and I can
it's a tough call so even CNN's expert
that they bring on basically to say that
Trump's doctor is stupid or made a bad
decision you wouldn't do it
so you didn't CNN can't determine if
it's a good idea or a bad idea but they
can determine that there's a risk
involved and that reasonable people are
on both sides but they've turned it into
an amazing story of Trump supporters
being dumb so dumb that will drink
bleach because of the fake news say and
now they're doing the thing where they
get multiple examples but they're all
fade news so they could add the to the
president's statements on the
hydroxychloroquine by turning it into
fake news about the president thinks an
unproven drug works which is not what's
happening he just thinks that given the
uncertainty he likes the odds that's it
but they turned it into he's promoting
unscientifically valid drugs and then
they'll add that to the other fake news
that he promoted which they actually did
today of course they added it to the
fake news that he promoted drinking
disinfectants which of course didn't
happen so now they've got like a list
all right well he did this he did a you
know if a alone was the only thing he
did well that'd be one thing but he's
also done B and I'm pretty sure there's
a C out there there's another fake news
I'll think of it in a minute but now
that they've got their their fake news
laundry list and what do I tell you
about the laundry list you don't need a
laundry list if if you have one good
thing all right
kudos to Nancy Pelosi for learning the
Trump insult technique I think she got
it right did you hear what Pelosi said
about Trump now I like to preface this
by saying I do not approve of fat
shaming don't approve of fat shaming no
matter who it is now some of that comes
down to my thoughts about free will you
know there's nobody nobody weighs 300
pounds
because they decided to do it you know
they woke up and said hey I think I'll
be three other pounds so there's
something about freewill there's
something about the way you know
different people are wired that what is
easy for some is maybe impossible for
others if depending on what you think
about free will and so philosophically I
just I don't I just don't buy into
mocking people for their weight in any
case cuz it's just too much part of the
human experience right but watching
Nancy Pelosi do it to Trump I can't say
I hate that I can't say that I dislike
that because it's sort of turned about
is fair play right you know Trump has
defined the playing field she's just
playing on it and so she has his great
line which you knew is gonna be national
news and it was she said Pelosi said
he's our president and I heard rather
this is why she she pretends to show
fake concern he's our president and I
would rather he'd not be taking
something that has not been approved by
the scientists especially in his age
group and his shall we say wait group
morbidly obese they say now here's the
best part and the part that made me love
it is that the last two words comma they
say because she did what Trump does
which chub boy says well they're saying
you know everybody's telling me a lot of
people are doing everybody's saying so
it's a trumpism to take the insult away
from yourself and say well if they say
they say you're morbidly obese you know
I might argue with them but you know I'm
just reporting what what they say
they say now do you think there was a
any chance that the phrase morbidly
obese would not be a headline today so
if if I'm being if I'm being fair right
if I'm just talking about technique not
whose side you agree with the Pelosi
it's the the wind for the day that's the
play of the day it's impossible to
ignore and it's it's pretty effective
well done so there's that study of some
church choir group and I guess they
determined that being in a crowded room
and singing together is just about the
worst thing you can do if one of you has
the coronavirus so if you think anybody
you know has the coronavirus do not get
in a small room with them and then sing
loudly for many minutes at a time turns
out that would be a bad thing but I'd
like to point out a possible good thing
this could be the beginning of the end
of car singing are you a fan of singing
in cars because I have this weird
situation going on I'm not gonna say it
I was gonna tell you a story that but I
think I'll skip it let me just say this
now I'm gonna tell you the story
Christina if you're watching this you'll
laugh at it so I've told you before that
I don't listen to music just sort of
casually as a hobby so I treat music as
more of a medicinal thing so if I can
find some music that works for my my
exercise routine that would be good
etc so it's basically I'm using it
specifically to inject the music to
change my mood in a way I want to not
just randomly listening to the radio so
if you don't randomly listen to music
and you're not around other people who
are randomly putting on music that you
would hear you never hear new music so I
can go months at a time without knowing
there's a new hit song because I just
had never turned on anything that's
presenting me random music except if I'm
in the car so if you're in the car it's
not unusual that whoever's you with will
turn on the radio and then I'll get to
hear new songs so really the only time
I'd ever get to your new song is
in the car and on the radio now if
you're driving and there's somebody in
the seat next to you who is operating
the radio
it could be either one of you but if I'm
driving and I usually am I would rather
not be the one who's also the DJ because
it's you know why should I take my
attention off of the road I'm driving so
the DJ is always the passenger in my car
yeah if I'm in charge I'm driving the
passengers the DJ it's just safer that
way
now the DJ of course is going to be
going through the the radio dial and
picking good songs and skipping bad
songs right so I'm never going to hear a
new song that's a bad song because the
DJ will turn the station as soon as the
first few notes come on not that one not
that one not that one so so now I'll
never hear a bad song but at least I'll
hear the good songs because the DJ will
have selected the good song so the good
song comes on and what do you do to a
good song well if you're in a car and
you like music and a good song comes on
you sing along right now I can't say
long because I've never heard the song
so christina sings along to the song
that's the first time I would have ever
heard this song except that if you've
ever been in a car where the song is on
and there's also somebody's singing
along you know you don't exactly hear
the song you hear more of the version of
the person singing it so I think I've
gone years without actually hearing a
new song isn't that quite true but it is
true that I'll never hear one on my own
I'll only hear one when Christina's
you're playing either her playlist or or
something that she's controlling in the
car she doesn't play bad ones so if it's
a bad song I'll never hear it
and the good ones she sings along so I
actually haven't heard a new song in the
years she was story I Christina when
you're watching this just kidding
but keep saying because I like it
all right here's a financial tip for you
I tweeted this if you were once injured
by taking hydroxychloroquine for a few
weeks you know back back when you had to
take it for your whatever your malaria
or your lupus or your rheumatoid
arthritis if you had bad side effects
and it damaged you in some way don't
give that story away for free because I
know a news network that would pay a
million dollars for a good personal
story about somebody who was injured by
the president's drug hydroxychloroquine
so that's just a little tongue-in-cheek
financial advice for you don't give that
stuff away somebody would pay a million
dollars for that story alright so a big
coronavirus death model got tweaked
slightly down so not much but I think
it's one of the first well so one of the
rare times that they've tweaked it down
and nobody expected it to be tweaked
down to now it's 143 thousand people to
die by August 4th that's the model and I
thought to myself that's a really good
sign isn't that because we've been
reopening places so to be reopening
things and to have even a minor tweak
downward in the death rate now I don't
know what that's gonna do this stock
market but that's a pretty hopeful sign
yes if two weeks from now
the death rate is that is projected down
or the same and we got this thing in two
weeks
we're gonna know a lot to think about it
because you know you've got that the
incubation period so I don't think we've
yet seen the the effect of states
reopening it's probably a little early
for that but imagine if we go two weeks
and the death rate is either modestly
down predict projected or you know even
the same or even a little bit up just a
little bit in two weeks if we can
flatten this thing
we'll also go back going back to work we
win that's how close we are think about
that
so you're thinking you're probably
thinking in terms of God the end of this
is when 2021 is at the end of the year
your your brain is putting like a you
you feel like you're at more at the
beginning of it that then at the end but
I would suggest to you that in two weeks
this is the most optimistic thing I
could say because we don't know this
will happen but in two weeks if that
death rate looks flat or a little bit
down you know the way it's predicted
anyway not the actual but the prediction
if we get that in two weeks we win in
two weeks if that death rate hasn't
moved there's nothing you can do to keep
the American public indoors there's
nothing you're gonna do from keeping the
American public from reopening their
businesses if if in two weeks that
number looks flat it's over now it's not
over for anybody who you know is in the
future will suffer and die there will be
tragedies there's it's just unavoidable
but the the long horror of the shutdown
at least intellectually psychologically
and for all practical purposes we might
know something in two weeks because if
that number doesn't move what the hell
would keep you from total social would
you call it an acceptable protest let's
say I'm just going back to work alright
here's an interesting thing I've often
talked about CNN's Fareed Zakaria
because I like how his mind works and
his take on things is often non-standard
and in a good way so if you like if you
like to think about things in a new way
he's his program is excellent I always
enjoy watching it and he had a long
little monologue I think it was
yesterday
and here's just a sentence from it I
think it's extraordinary
marry he says imagine you're an American
who works with his hands and you've lost
your job because of the lockdown you
turn on the TV and hear medical experts
academics technocrats and journalists
explained we must keep the economy
closed all these people making that case
have jobs it was a pretty strong piece
and he makes the case that we think
we're doing we think we're making
medical health decisions but somewhat
accidentally it became class decisions
because the people making these stay
safe pronouncements are getting paid and
the people who are being told to stay
safe or not and it's not even close to
being a let's see a credible situation
it's a sort of thing you could take for
a little while to Co the experts do have
some capital but it's not something you
could take in the long term because the
the stark difference between the people
who have jobs and the ones who don't
we're going to notice that we're gonna
notice that Mark Cuban continues to be
productive and one of the one of the top
voices I think so far in terms of you
know the coronavirus situation stepping
up into a leadership mode much
appreciated and he's got some ideas
totally worth looking at one is that he
doesn't think the free market is going
to produce the 18 million jobs that we
need fairly soon after in the next two
years he says and he's talking about
some kind of a federal job guarantee not
unlike the depression in which he just
basically have the government hire the
unemployed and put them to work building
and constructing things they have to be
built and constructed anyway and as he
points out it's not the kind of idea you
would have looked at if we've been
locked down for a month yeah if we'd
only been locked down for a month
well yeah let the free market just
recover and do its thing
but we've reached a point where the free
market is gonna be a little maybe a
little sluggish putting everybody back
to work and since we need the
infrastructure anyway and because as far
as I can tell we can print money
I still have big question mark there but
it looks like we can still print money
so why not I would say that Mark Cuban's
suggestion for a jobs a federal job
guarantee I think that should be in the
you know the top three things the were
thinkin about don't you I don't know if
there's anything wrong with that is
there anything wrong with that idea it
looks really it looks like it's it looks
like it's just a good idea and then Mark
Cuban goes on and says the government
and until things are sorted out we
should get a thousand-dollar check every
two weeks to every household with the
caveat that it expires in ten days if
you don't use it that's a good that's a
good ad I don't know how you could give
people money that expires though because
can you take it out of their account how
do you do that I don't know if there's a
mechanism for doing that you could do it
if if people had digital wallets or
something but not everybody does and
just so you know Mark Cuban has an
advisory role so he's on the on Trump's
opening our country Economic Council so
he's in the right place at the right
time and those are productive ideas you
know I honestly what I see stuff like
that I ask myself why aren't there more
Mark Cuban's doing this sort of thing
you feel it feels like he's unusually
productive with ideas that are there all
within the I would say every one of his
ideas is well within the you know let's
consider this range somebody says a
debit card would do it yeah if we could
put that together if we can do it if you
could get everybody a debit card it just
doesn't seem like that's something you
could do that quickly maybe
yeah and not everybody can handle a
Bitcoin but if they could you'd have
something I saw a great tweet by
somebody whose name I forgot to copy and
paste into my notes but he makes a
really good point yeah that the
experience with closing the schools and
having this situation where you got
online school and homeschooling and and
it was just a mess sort of highlighted
the flaws in the system and this one I
assume he's a parent I should have I
wish I had read down and who it was
because it was a good idea but there's
some blue cheque person with a good idea
and he said that we should be rethinking
school in terms of permanently making it
a hybrid and the hybrid is not just go
to school and stay there all day and not
just homeschool but rather almost
certainly there's some kind of a hybrid
in which you do a little bit in person a
little bit at home or on your own pace
or something and I thought that was a
good a good take on it because I I would
agree it's not just gonna go all home
school or online because it just doesn't
work well that yet but I also think it
can't be go to school all day there's
something wrong with that model too so I
like this there's somewhere in between
someplace in between that's good all
right well well well so again we are
thirty trillion in debt and answer open
up and quit printing more Cuban is wrong
all right for those of you who are
talking about the debt be advised that
there's no expert agreement on the debt
I'm not even sure anybody understands it
because the first thing you need to know
is that when we're printing money that's
not that's not like our normal debt and
I'm not even sure anybody understands
how any of this works I mean I've got a
degree in economics and I can't tell you
that printing money is necessarily going
to be bad in
this specific situation it looks like
looks like it might be good I don't know
but don't fall into the trap of thinking
that before this happened
you knew that debt was bad right right
everybody knew debt was bad it's gonna
crush us it's gonna kill us all it's a
matter of time it's a time bomb waiting
to go off but that's not this situation
this situation is that we might be able
to print trillions of dollars and have
no lasting impact because inflation just
went away well you know somebody's
laughing with that emoji saying this
time is different this time is always
different so that's a clever little
thing you sent this time it's different
but the fact is every type is different
if you're if you're trying to learn from
history you're the dumbest person on the
conversation because history doesn't
repeat you can't because when history
did what it did last time people noticed
and if you notice what it did last time
that tells you to modify this time so
history doesn't really repeat you things
get adjusted because the last way things
went alright somebody says it's hugely
inflationary down the road but not
immediately we don't really know that we
don't really know that because remember
prior to the coronavirus we would have
said it would be impossible to have
growth as good as it was and no
inflation right I I believe something
like a hundred percent of economists
would have said that the Year 2019
wasn't possible
it wasn't even mathematically possible
that you would have low inflation and
great growth those two things just
aren't supposed to work together but
they did so when you're saying to
yourself well the obvious mathematical
outcome of printing money and adding it
to the system is that when things
recover there'll be too much of it
sloshing around still
I don't think anybody knows that because
we didn't even know that 2019 could have
growth and no inflation or low inflation
we didn't know that either apparently we
don't know how the basic economy works
and when I say we I mean there don't
seem to be any experts who could break
predict even something that basic that
you could have growth without inflation
that's that's as basic as you can get in
economics and we couldn't even see that
coming so when you're saying to yourself
you know I am certain with my lack of
economic education I am certain that
we're running up debt or causing
inflation well you can be certain about
that but you're not a credible observer
because absolutely nobody is certain
about that if I had to guess I think
it'll be fine it'd probably be fine all
right
Krugman said it what did Krugman say it
has Krugman been been correct a lot this
is where we get all the crazy comments
about economics so most of us don't
understand economics but we don't know
it yeah the pension pension issues are
gonna be huge all right that's all I got
for now I'm gonna go do some other stuff
and I will talk to you tonight if you
missed my periscope from last night I
did a section on how to increase your
luck now not in the magic way but in
terms of going where you can have more
luck and manipulating your life so that
luck and finding you better I highly
recommend it I it back to myself just to
see if I liked it
and I'm usually pretty tough on my own
my own content but even I liked it and I
just watched it myself like a like a
consumer and I thought ah that was laid
down pretty well I was pretty happy with
it so I think that's a it's one of these
small little micro lessons
five minutes I think and but it has the
potential to change your life if it
changes how you look about assessing
your odds if you do a better job of
knowing where the odds are good your
life is going to be a lot better so I
tried to help you there
and I hope helps and I will see you next
time