hello everybody let me get my comments
working and then we've got a show for
you there we
[Music]
go good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take your experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need is a cuper mug or glass of tank
or chal of sign a canteen Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee join me
now
for the the dopamine hit of the day the
simultaneous sip in the happens now go
I almost forgot the words not like I do
it every
day well there are
stories remember that big problem with
the sea ice that climate change was
going to was going to take care of all
the sea ice and then we'd have problems
wouldn't we well according to the Daily
skeptic Chris Morrison uh there's been a
massive recovery in Antarctic sea
ice um and let's see if even the
officially the uh us-based National snow
and ice data center confirms that and
apparently it's sort of back into its
normal zone
is proving that the variation was
probably just natural just natural
variation um so the sea ice melting
doesn't seem to be any indication of
climate change but it was
predicted and then of course you've
heard about the coral reefs the coral
reefs for being destroyed by climate
change except I don't know if you missed
the stories where seems like they're all
coming back but the climate change is
worse how do how are they coming back oh
maybe there's some natural
variation how about that sea level
remember all those beach houses that
used to be good but now the the water
Rose now you can't live there neither do
I so
climate change didn't predict sea level
coral reefs sea ice oh but it did
predict temperature so I mean that's
true right it did predict the
temperature didn't
it or or is it possible that we're
measuring that wrong too of course we're
measuring it wrong the temperature might
be going up I wouldn't know but there's
no way we can know we we don't have any
kind of reliable mechanism for measuring
the temperature of the entire planet
over time that is so far from being a
thing that a human humans could do but
the news tells you they can do it so you
should believe it because it's on the
news well the Trump effect has reached
Chicago because a couple of the
aldermen I think it's funny that Chicago
has
Alderman is there any other city that
has
Alderman is that just a Chicago word I
got the
oldermen uh Florida has elderly men so I
don't know what an olderman is but some
kind of politician and they're in the
legislature and they're introducing
legislation they would roll back the
city's Sanctuary
law so that's where the city would not
cooperate with ice and help them Deport
people but uh at least two of them want
to roll it back now this is according to
daily color news Jason Hopkins is
writing about it
and what is interesting about this story
I mean there's always somebody who wants
to roll back everything right there're
both
Democrats two Democrat aldermen
Democrats are trying to roll back their
own Sanctuary city is that the Trump
effect what else would it be of course
it's the Trump effect uh here the Trump
effect if if you're looking for a
definition and I think we need one
the Trump effect is not just the good
things are happening that Trump
supporters would like although that's
certainly on the surface that's what's
happening what it is is that the Trump
effect made it safe it made it safe for
people to pursue common
sense because I think Trump actually
sold the idea that common sense is where
the two parties meet in the middle we're
not going to meet on you know some let's
say uh philosophical level but we should
always meet on the how do you stop a
fire we should always meet on should we
close the
border we should always meet on should
crime be
illegal the the these are not political
things and it took the Trump effect to
you know take the crazy left end of
their bubble and say what about what
about the things that are just common
sense like safety
can can we just work on that now of
course climate change hang hangs over
everything because the climate change
crisis Believers and again I'm only
talking about the extent of it not
whether or not it's happening I assume
climate's always change for one reason
or another and maybe humans are part of
it I wouldn't know and I'm pretty sure
science doesn't know either even though
they told you they did I'm pretty sure
they tell you a lot of things that you
think they know that they
don't well special counsel Jack Smith
resigned from the Department of Justice
that would be the smallest um surprise
in the
world uh do you think he expects to be
investigated because it feels like at
least he's been accused of being some
part of some kind of potentially ricol
like bad behavior to lawfare Trump you
know I have mixed feelings about this on
one hand I think it would you know it
would be damaging to the country to you
know rip the Democrat evil Rico people
up by the roots even though they've in
my opinion I would say it's fairly
obvious that major laws have been
broken but I'm not an expert so I mean I
could be talked that if if the real
experts say well no no laws were broken
it was just something you didn't like
maybe sure it looks like laws were
broken to me but if the people who know
more than I do say laws were broken and
they want to investigate I think I would
I would take the risk
of that destroying the
country because keeping it the way it is
would destroy the country for
sure so you know having a not not a
physical Civil War but let's say a
lawfare civil war probably necessary to
regain you know mutually isure
destruction and make sure that people
know that if they cross the line and
create literally a a
RICO uh treasonous insurrection
within the
government that's got to have a price
that has to be
expensive so if uh the Trump
Administration makes it additionally
expensive for people involved in that
bad
behavior maybe that's just the way it
has to
be I saw I saw a uh social media thing
that said opro is going to leave the
country for four years because of
trump but I can't believe that's true
can anybody give me a fact check on that
this sounds like fake news I don't think
Oprah would really leave the
country for four
years now if it's true the only reason I
could think is that she's she's trying
to escape criminal prosecution for
something
um when yeah and if she went to a no
extradition country that would sort of
confirm it but I'm going to say fake
news I'm going to say fake news what do
you think anybody think that's true I'm
going to go with fake news unless I hear
a lot more about it all right well we'll
see now it's also something that she
might be threatening and might actually
mean it but I'm going to bet against it
happening but we'll see I'll bet against
it meanwhile Stephen A Smith was on a
podcast talking about uh Trump and
now he's of course been a Democrat and
he's a black man in
America
and uh he's really interesting lately so
he's saying that Republicans make a lot
of sense just think about that sentence
a longtime Democrat and then he says
quote Republicans make a lot of
sense
sense you know Common
Sense th this is Stephen A Smith
completely falling into the Trump
frame that some things are just common
sense we shouldn't be talking about that
Stephen A Smith says yes common sense so
remember when we thought it was
impossible to meet in the middle on
anything as soon as the Trump effect
went into you know wide wide effect it
seems like people like Stephen A Smith
can now say what they wanted to say
maybe all the time which is you know I I
like my Democrats I still kind of like
some of the philosophy but why are we
acting like Common Sense doesn't even
exist like why why can't we at least do
the things that make sense that
everybody agrees on now that
weirdly just wasn't a way of thinking
even a year ago but now it is that's all
Trump that's all
Trump um here's what else he says
uh Stephen A Smith said quote the
Finishing Touch for me in terms of
changing his mind on politics uh was
California well here it is because I
think he's the canary in the coal mine
if he tells you that the
California experience before the fire
this is before the fire if he tells you
that looking at California made him
think that the Democrats were you know
not the ones to
back just think about the fact that he
could see it before the
fire and he was affected by it I I don't
think it changed his vote you know but
now it might and he he said about
California you see what's going on in
California higher taxes homelessness
crime rate
Etc um when people are going off
particularly folks on the left and
they're talking about these policies and
what policy is better blah blah blah I
see folk I see folks on the right
talking about real life issues and stuff
like that and he said says I'm like I'm
like I hate that they make a lot of
sense now does that sound like exactly
something that came out of my
mouth it does it sounds like exactly
something I would say the the Democrats
have lots of lofty conceptual ideas and
they're going to call you names if you
don't like
it Republicans have been really really
clean about talking about what's wrong
and how to fix it uh the Border open too
many criminals close
it everybody understands that everybody
understands that and here again I'm
going to credit Trump for something
that's not obvious to you when Trump
says what he wants everybody understands
it and then he says it a bunch of times
until we all get it and then we could
like it or not like it but it's a real
proposed
solution and we can evaluate it and we
all understand it that's sort of new
because my my memory of past you know
traditional boring politicians is that
they would say General
hypothetical you know philosophical
things too and you could barely remember
which one was backing what policy but
now it's such a clean distinction one
says uh do do obvious Common Sense
things the other says well the 1% not
paying their fair share you they got my
Dei and what about the lesbian purposes
you
know it it now that you can mock that
even if you're a Democrat so even
Democrats can mock that now Bill Maher
of course was a Pioneer mock mocking it
um but here's the uh the kill
shot ah man just listen to this this is
Stephen A Smith again now and if if
you're not familiar with all the you
know the famous names and sports you
have to know that these black black and
has been Democrat right those are
important to the story um so he says I
saw folks on the left basically try to
guilt me into voting for uh for kamla uh
you know what bothered me I might have
ended up voting for kamla because I
didn't like how Trump
acts you
know that is
such every time somebody says I don't
like how he
acts that's just not a thing
that's not a real thing you could say I
don't like his policies you could say I
didn't like what he did in his first
term but I don't like how he acts really
that would be the reason you you pick
the other person let me tell you how he
acts he acts in a way that with no
experience whatsoever he became
president of the United States once and
then being completely destroyed by
lawfare and fake news and the Democrat
uh evil committee he rebuilt from
absolute destruction in four years to
come back and win the presidency in a in
in
a convincing way now that's the way he
acts do you think do you think it's
accidental that his you know provocative
ways happened at the same time is great
success if you still haven't figured out
that all that stuff of the way he
acts that's the active
ingredient that I think all the
Democrats are
so maybe what would be the word I don't
want to insult them I'll
say um they're not seeing the right
frame if you think that Trump has a few
good ideas even in your own opinion but
that is ruined by the way he acts and
his insults and his his crazy
statements what would be the evidence
that all those insults and crazy
statements were negative was it that he
didn't become president twice is it that
he doesn't have the biggest mandate ever
is it that is it that every politician
who is worth a damn is looking at what
he did and trying to copy it is it that
fedman a Democrat who I have a lot of
respect for I have to be honest um is
that that he's looked at Trump and said
hm that looks like it works why don't I
do some of that and then he does it and
guess what it works it works for
fedin it works for everybody H how about
we can we finally get to the point where
we realize that the way he acts is the
active ingredient I mean he has to have
good policies that are common sense of
course but selling it selling the
policies which is absolutely essential
to a good leader he can't have good
ideas and not sell them selling them
comes from the way he acts if you don't
get that everything's
confusing I I've been saying this since
2015 and I don't think I've ever been
more right about anything in my life I'm
about as right as you could be that it's
the way he acts that's the secret
sauce all right so but going on here's
what he said he said uh he said but uh
what I didn't do was call Trump a racist
I didn't call him a na
and then just listen to this I knew
Trump before he ran for president there
it is there it is do you know how many
black Americans knew Trump were close to
him he helped he he helped in a number
of cases you know he helped uh Michael
Jackson he helped Mike Tyson um I'm
pretty sure he helped uh who was the
boxing promoter with the the wild hair I
forget I I mean why I know I'm I'm not
even I'm just a casual Observer and I
know at least three
examples where he with nothing in return
well there's always something in return
I guess but just as helpful to everybody
well so he goes on he goes uh uh talking
about uh Trump so this is Stephen A
Smith talking about Trump he said we
talked on the phone we talk at
basketball games or boxing events I knew
this man and so some of the things that
were being said about him I knew were
not
true and I was saying come on y'all you
got to do better than
that Don King thank you yeah he was he
was friendly with Don King I think
helped him in his career as well
so you know what would have been really
useful if Stephen I Smith had said this
before it was
safe would you agree wouldn't have been
nice for Stephen AI
when Trump was being called you know
favoring neo-nazis and the fine people
hoax and he's the biggest racist
wouldn't be nice for a respected smart
voice to say oh I know him personally
yeah you don't have to worry about that
that's not an issue wouldn't that be
nice but I found myself you know getting
ready to respond to a a post on that and
and say basically thanks for
nothing thanks for nothing
this would have been really useful in
2015 it would have been really useful in
2020 it would have been really useful in
the beginning of
2024 do you know what it is now now it's
unnecessary it's unnecessary he won so
now that it's safe Elon Musk can say it
and Joe Rogan can say it and you know a
whole bunch of public figures can say it
the left and the right can say it now
it's
safe so I found myself getting actually
angry at him
for sort of speaking out too late like
that
counts and then I slap myself in the
face scop stop it stop it I'm ignoring
my own rule you know what rule I'm
ignoring of my
own here's the rule everything good
takes too long to
happen everything good takes too long to
happen this is good this is good took
too long to happen and now I reject all
my prior comments so I'm taking them
back which I knew I would do so I'm
taking back my comments that that he
waited too long and that it wasn't Brave
to wait till now and he's waiting till
it's safe and I'm going to completely
revise that I respect his opinion and I
really appreciate it I respect it and I
really genuinely appreciate it and if
you hear me ever again say that
something is good but it took too long
can you slap me I I don't want to ever
hear that out of anybody's mouth because
everything good took too long there's no
exception to that everything so it's
just the dumbest
simplest you know pund thing to say oh
where were you before why didn't you do
something earlier no how about that was
good thank you I respect it and just
take the
win all right uh let's talk about
Greenland apparently there was a poll on
whether they wanted Independence or to
stay owned by Denmark now I don't know
if this is a scientific poll or an
internet poll or what it was I'm not
sure we can totally trust this but uh
three4 or two-third of them 2third of
them wanted Independence and one third
wanted to stay with Denmar if you
believe that
poll what I say is uh so so 2third of
them want
independence let's check again in two
months if you check back in two months
I'll bet you 80% say they want
independence Andor some kind of
association with the United States
that's stronger because that's the Trump
effect Trump will find a way to convince
the
greenlandic greenlandic people I think
it's greenlandic the people are called
not
greenlanders see if I'm right I need a
fact check on that are they the
greenlandic people I don't know uh
anyway so as you know the Greenland uh
prime minister uh spoke out do you get
the
joke the the Greenland prime minister he
spoke out do you know why that's funny
do you know what his first name
is mute M that's his actual name his
first name is mute yeah he spoke
out there's your simulation the mute is
speaking out so he didn't say that he
wants to um be an American state or
anything like that he said that the
greenlandic people should decide what
their fate is but he's not he didn't
seem terribly keen on saying owned by
Denmark and you can understand that but
here's the bigger surprise today
apparently the Danish um Danish
officials think that some kind of Middle
Ground can be reached this is this is
according to the Daily wire Tim Pierce
and middle ground would be something
short of a sale but some kind of a
stronger
cooperation something like that we don't
know what that would look like now
what what do you think of Trump's first
offer if if you want to see the art of
the deal in real time let let me let me
try to set this up for
you suppose you were a regular
politician suppose you were Joe Biden or
Jimmy Carter and you had this idea that
we should own or have control of
functional control of Greenland how
would you go about it well you probably
have some some secret meetings right and
then the Greenland people would never
hear about it and then they would never
weigh in to tell you that they agreed
with it so that would be the first
mistake of everybody who's not Trump
trump tweets about it if Trump puts it
in the public the entire nation of
Greenland is talking about it I'll bet
you 100% of all the greenlandic
people have had lots of conversations
about this everyone and it's because
Trump said it and Trump said it publicly
and not only he say it publicly but he
said here here's the
beauty he basically said if you don't
sell it to us or give it to us we're
going to take
it what do you think the greenlandic
people think when the entire US military
and the president of the United States
named Trump says you know we could just
take
it do you think they believed it
yes well well at least they believed
there was a high possibility do you
think he meant it as in he would send in
the actual military and like start
arresting any Greenland resistors don't
know that that's the beauty of it I I
follow Trump as closely as anybody I
don't know did he mean it that's his
magic his magic is he might mean it he
might and that's all you need so think
about how much action he got simply by
putting it out there that if you if you
don't work with us we're just going to
take it because once he's established
that it's a military security
requirement which I'd never heard before
before Trump i' never even heard that
some kind of military requirement which
which I believe because of the opening
of the ice in the nearby it's going to
be fought over by russan China and all
the powers so yeah we need a strong
strong presence to make sure our
hemisphere doesn't get invaded by you
missiles and who knows what so the first
thing he does is informs the country
that it's it's a requirement for
security so we're like well there's no
way to get there but wouldn't it be
great then he says in public and the
green Landing people like huh no no no I
don't want to do
that but what's the
offer you only have to make him curious
yeah just just make him curious what the
offer is cuz who who's going to say
who's going to say no before they hear
the
offer right you could say no after you
hear the offer but who says no before
they hear the offer you know just
ordinary curious people who are not
killing it in life maybe they'd like to
do a little better this rich guy says
maybe I can do something for you you're
going to stay and you're going to listen
and then you hear but he might just take
it then you think um maybe we should
talk to him and then Denmark says you
know what I'm thinking maybe we should
talk to you maybe we'll meet in the
middle somewhere do you know what Trump
needed he just needed him to meet in the
middle I I don't think the United States
would be in favor of uh of uh making a
state do you know why because I'm pretty
sure we don't want their voting record
we I'm pretty sure we don't want to give
them some kind of political power now I
don't know what their beliefs are
politically but I just as a you know
point of reference I checked if they
have if abortion is legal in Greenland
because I feel I feel like that's going
to tell you kind of quickly where their
heads are at not only is it legal to get
an abortion in Greenland but according
to google they have the highest abortion
rate in the
world the highest abortion rate in the
world now if I were a negotiator
I would say to myself hm yeah that's
sort of a poison pill you know if if
you're a republican it's a poison pill
um so maybe we should meet in the middle
instead of turning it into a state maybe
some kind of territory situation you
know with a special Arrangement would be
best for all but what's interesting is
that just as Trump is sort of offering
hey wouldn't it be great if you were
Americans wouldn't you like that the
greenlandic people are the busiest of
all people killing their own people so
even the greenlandic people don't love
greenlandic people they're killing them
at the highest rate of any civilized
country I'm just joking the greenlandic
people probably just have a lot of sex
so they you know there's nothing else to
do so they probably need more abortions
because they have more sex or something
like that um now here's a here's
something I learned from the comments on
locals um I had I hadn't really
considered this before but uh you know
how Trump is really good with real
estate like he can spot an opportunity
in real estate that other people might
not you know catch because that's his
business and somebody pointed out that
this is the perfect time to buy
Greenland because once climate change
turns turns on and Greenland actually
turns green we're not going to be able
to afford it so you want to get it cheap
before climate change turns into a
beachfront sort of a you know tropical
island cuz that's when it's really going
to be expensive so I think Trump's
brilliant he's going to get it before it
warms
up you can't tell if I'm kidding can
you all right so I thought I would put
together a Greenland deal just so we
could sort of play with it to see if it
looks like it could be something that
would work I'm going to throw out a
first draft right now of what a deal
might look like right now I don't know
if you know but I have a extensive
background in negotiating used to be my
job in Corporate America I was the
person who had to negotiate with vendors
to get their prices down and all that
stuff
so here's and uh so you learn about deal
making and you know how to how to and
also you know my MBA background they
teach about deal making so I have some
some experience in how to put together a
deal so this is not completely
speculative just know that there's a
little bit a little bit of actual
professional skill that's going into
this okay just a little bit like I'm not
the best at it or anything um number one
I like the idea of calling it a
territory or whatever word you want to
put on it and not a state we already
have some right Guam and whatever um I
don't like them voting but that's no
problem because Greenland probably
doesn't care about voting in our
politics I would say that uh You' want
to offer the greenlandic people full
local control of their laws so that the
law of the United States doesn't
necessarily apply there but they get to
make their own laws and have their own
justice system just like now so
basically they would operate exactly the
same and they would have their own
taxation we wouldn't tax
them but we would take over the uh let's
say the support payments that Denmark is
doing so what Denmark would get out of
it is they don't have to pay Trump his
extortion when he says if we're going to
protect your Island you're going to have
to pay us you know 20 billion a year or
whatever he puts on it and they're not
going to have to not going to want to
pay that and they currently pay to
subsidize Greenland they wouldn't have
to pay that so wouldn't it be great if
Denmark just sort of got out of the
business of managing something that they
don't want to manage so I think I think
Denmark could be made happy as long as
Greenland came out ahead and and they
cut their own budget so they didn't have
to support it I think seems doable but
here's what you would do if you're a
trump to to sweeden a deal you would say
we're going to greatly expand the mining
operations for the um rare earth
materials I think there's some energy
too was there natural gas maybe we don't
know for sure but we' look for some more
and the idea would would that we would
share the income with the locals uh
maybe the same way that um oil companies
when they first went to the Middle East
and the the countries where they want to
drill did not have the ability to build
oil wells themselves so I don't know the
details I'd love to be informed about
that by the way if somebody somebody
knows those details did the oil company
say something like we'll give you
half if you let us just drill on your
land that you can't drill on
or
20% like what what is the number where
both are happy I don't know what that
number is but we could say to them we're
going to give you a percentage of that
and it will be way bigger way more money
than Denmark was giving you every year
your your lifestyle will improve you can
have less abortions and they'd get full
military protection but I think there
would have to be a clause in there which
could be a sticking point that would
give the United States The Authority for
full marshal
law in a military
emergency now if you are wanting to be
an independent sort of associated
territory you're going to bristle at the
idea that there could ever be martial
law imposed by effectively another
country that you're working with but I
don't know that we could say no to that
I I feel I feel like if we're going to
give security to them there it seems
likely there would be cases where the
military would have to put a boot on
ordinary freedoms just temporarily
that's what martial law is and everybody
hates martial law but I feel like we
need some kind of out now maybe we don't
need it because the milit even the
military base that would be stationed
there would be far more powerful than a
bunch of greenlandic citizens with their
handguns or whatever so I suppose we
could get anything we wanted if we
really needed it um but it'd be nice to
put in the the deal so everybody knows
it's possible and then you could say uh
hey hey you guys you could get American
passports do you think the greenlandic
people would like to have an American
passport I don't know if that's good or
bad it' be it' be an addition to maybe
whatever they already have so why
wouldn't that
work can can you think of any idea why
they would not take that deal so they
still have Independence they make a
bunch more money they get free military
without having to pay any taxes for the
military and they get some freedom from
Denmark where's the
downside it's all
upside and and Trump made this
conversation possible by what did
Stephen A Smith say uh by the way he
acts that's right so the way he acts
makes this
possible that's what the way he acts get
you Greenland maybe we'll see well let's
talk about the LA fires I I know that if
you're not in La you're just just
wishing we could stop talking about this
I get it I get it but I think this is
more relevant to all the rest of you
than you think first of all it would be
fascinating to understand what went
wrong so it doesn't happen in your state
and also to give you an idea whether it
can fixed I'm going to give you the bad
news first you
ready I think that the re rebuilding
cost will be at least a
trillion and nobody can pay for that
so the rebuilding if you put it on top
of the regulations that exist you know
all the environmental stuff how long it
takes to get a permit the complications
you know the the removal of the uh toxic
debris the cleaning of the water the re
re hooking up of
things um there is actually no way to
get from here to there there is no way
to rebuild that and if California is
just abandoned effectively to the
criminals because nobody's live there
and it just isn't affordable to fix
homeowners can't fix it on their own
there really isn't any way to fix
it in in in the current normal system so
let me say that again there really is no
solution there because the federal
government isn't going to put a trillion
dollars into it the homeowners can't
afford to rebuild California isn't going
to have enough money or even clothes
it's going to destroy all of her
insurance and make maybe all of our
banking in the entire
country I don't think people understand
that when California Falls the country
gets more than a black
eye it it's an existential threat to the
rest of the country I think California
might be
toast
unless you want some good
news see I I set you up and by the way
when I say there's you bad news and good
news uh they're both possible
I'm not underplaying one of them there
doesn't seem to be any path that you
could recover want to hear why bad it is
how bad it is but why do you think that
Californians can't get insurance you've
heard you've heard the government blame
the insurance companies for pulling out
and trying to get too Prof too much
profit right you've heard the insurance
companies blame the government because
the government won't let them raise
their
prices I'm a Californian let me tell you
what's
true there is no solution it wouldn't
matter if the government or the or the
insurance companies did everything smart
and logical and legal there is no
solution so here's what happens to a
normal Californian you you get in your
house let's say you're uh you're going
to stay where you are for a while you
can afford your house and maybe you've
even retired in it and you figured out
how to keep affording even after
retirement now your house goes up in
value but your still okay and in fact
you're happier because if you sell it
you make more money but also your your
property insurance doesn't change much
you're like oh I still pay the roughly
the same amount of taxes that it does go
up but not as much as the value of your
house then your house doubles again now
your house is worth four times what you
paid for it as long as you stay there
forever your property taxes will be the
original cost
good but what about
Insurance the cost of insurance is for
replacement so now your cost of
insurance is going to have to be four
times what it was when the value of the
home was you know uh well do the math
backwards right nobody can afford that
if if you say to somebody I'm going to
uh double or triple what it cost you for
I think in my case it was maybe a 10 10x
increase 10x
when I get a when I get a market price a
market price from an actual insurance
company that is still in California it
was 10 times what the old price was for
fire Insurance 10 times so it was
something like $1,000 a month went to
$10,000 a
month now I could afford it if I wanted
to pay
that but that's cuz I'm still
working I'm not retired and I didn't buy
my house when it was you know tiny
fraction it has gone up since since I
bought it so nobody who's a normal
person with a normal job even these rich
is rich is people living in the Pacific
Palisades some of them were super rich
you know the Louis dfus ones but if
you're looking at the you know the James
Woods Adam Corolla and then you know
down a level to people who don't have
jobs that good either
those people just barely can hang on to
their homes they might have had them a
long time uh so long that uh it was
cheap when they got them and they were
paying cheap uh cheap property tax cheap
insurance relative to the value of the
home they kept going up but if they have
to
rebuild and especially those who maybe
move because most of those people are
going to say I don't want to wait 5 to
10 years for my house to be livable and
by the way why would I live there it's
all burned down even if my house
survived so those people are going to
say well I got to move somewhere
else what are they going to do they they
can't buy a house and then not get fire
insurance if you just had got burned out
of your old place so there isn't really
a solution because the value of the
property is so inflated relative to its
actual market value um that it's there's
no
solution and I don't see one that if you
straight line it there's no solution so
let me say it in a different way what
you expected when you saw oh there's a
big fire emergency houses burden down uh
it's really really bad did you say to
yourself well this is a little worse
than normal
emergencies um what will happen is you
know FEMA will come in and you know
people will adjust that it's going to
take a few years but they're going to
rebuild and then uh maybe it even be
better than it was you know they'll
they'll build better homes and you know
we have to wait a few years but we'll be
back to normal that's not this this is
unbuildable this is almost the total
Destruction of the entire Southern
California what's that going to do to
Northern California well who's going to
pay for it probably me so they're going
to make Northern California I think
unlivable because there'll be tax like
crazy or they're going to have to steal
some of her water or something but it's
going to be completely unlivable if if
you assume the normal things are the
only things that can happen we are
doomed let let me say it as clearly as
possible if you assume normal business
normal recovery normal emergency normal
rebuilding nothing like that's going to
happen it can't it's economically
impossible that was the first problem
the reason we don't have insurance is
because it was already economically
impossible we just added a trillion
dollars to the insurance burden so where
it was impossible before now it's just
laughable the insurance is not coming
back they're not going to come back to
the state because we tweaked something
they can't afford these houses it's a
terrible place to offer insurance at any
price because if you have to increase
the price by 10x which is what happened
to me nobody can live there so is it the
government's problem or the insurance
company's problem a little of both more
the government than the insurance
companies but mostly it's that that our
property is completely insanely
overpriced do you know what the real
price of those homes should have been so
let's say a $5 million in home in
Pacific Palisades in a place that did
not have they didn't know it but suppose
they knew it that it did not have
protection from a major fire what would
be the actual market price of the homes
that buil so they were selling for 5
million what would you pay for a home
that's probably going to burn
down right you'd say to yourself well I
mean well before it burns down this is
like heaven I'm told that was like the
best place anybody ever lived in their
life like people really really like that
place so you might say well I don't know
if it's going to burn down yeah I'm
seeing the numbers
300,000 cuz if you lose 300,000 you
might say well well first of all you
could you could insure it the insurance
companies would say no actually you
couldn't you couldn't insure it because
the the rebuilding cost is what the
insurance company would care about and
that would still be you know several
million
dollar so you'd have to you'd have to
buy it for something like
$300,000 not Ure it and then if you lost
the entire 300,000 to a fire just say
well it's not the end of my world like I
I can I can recover from that I'll just
have to live somewhere else so the real
problem and by the way this uh I should
give credit to fredberg on the all-in
Pod because if if any of the all-in Pod
guys are watching they're they're
probably saying is he stealing friberg's
Point yes yes I'm stealing friberg's
point because I hadn't somehow that was
a little bit invisible to me because I
was looking in the wrong place I was
looking at the insurance and you know I
wasn't looking at the house value
um so that's the bad news the bad news
is there is no mechanism for
Recovery the good news is we got a new
president now I think he would be
unlikely to spend a trillion dollars to
rebuild the same bad
situation but suppose as Joel poock
pointed out in article on Breitbart you
you happen to be lucky enough to have
the you know a great Builder as a
president and there's this fellow in
Southern California named
Caruso who is also a
developer and he's the one who lost
narrowly to to Karen bass I think he's
also Democrat but he's not a crazy
Democrat he's a can we do common sense
Democrat a common sense Democrat with
experience in building has my attention
but you would need a lot more I'm going
to throw out some wild ideas in the
spirit of uh brainstorming that isn't
with good ideas but if I throw out
enough bad ideas you're going to get the
point that this is
solvable right so these are the bad
ideas
suppose uh just for Southern California
maybe maybe Northern as well uh the
insurance rules are changed so that
individuals can offer insurance
insurance so in other words somebody
like me I can just say hey I'd like to
put you know invest in California
insurance but I only want to invest in
homes that have certain fireproofing
Andor local uh local good management to
get rid of the the burnable stuff so I
would say okay my neighborhood is you
know in good shape um the the if if
something burned in my neighborhood
there's a lot of tile
roofs um people have removed the trees
then I might say hm okay as a personal
investment I'll put a little money into
this uh let's say uh crowdfunded
insurance now it might be a good idea it
might be a bad idea but unlike the
insurance company if the insurance
company takes a total loss they're out
of business and I think they might be
out of business after this but if I as a
personal investor said you know what
what I'm going to put $1,000 into this
because I think next year it could be
worth you know uh
1,200 and then if I lost my
$1,200 I would say oh darn and nothing
would change I would just lose my $1,200
you know it was a financial bet didn't
work out so first of all could you
spread the BET to individuals and then
would the crowd be smarter about picking
the ones they want to back and when
people found out they couldn't even get
crowd backing what would they have to
buy to get it well here's another idea
number one you have to uh replace your
roof because if your roof Burns I'm not
giving you insurance if you're in
California and you have a flammable roof
I'm not giving you any insurance but if
you want to buy a new roof we can
talk if if you have a
robot let's let's think I add it a
little bit if you have a robot who's a
private fireman and somehow the
technology worked I'd give you a better
deal because you as a human would leave
the evacuation Zone and your robot Which
is less burnable would just stand there
with a water pack and zap wherever an
ember hits so we the robot would just
walk around the house and
go and just zap the little Embers
starting to affect your property or like
in my house suppose I had trees that are
a little too close to the house because
the house itself is is quite resistant I
built it to be super resistant to be
fires by the way I should tell you that
it's it was it was built specifically to
be resistant to fires I designed it that
way um but the trees are too close which
makes it less resistant so somebody
comes to me and they say Scott we'll
give you some of this crowdsourced
insurance but you got to get rid of
these trees then I say oh are you
kidding this place like these are really
mature
trees and they say but no insurance and
then I cut down the
trees and then I I'm a little bit
unhappy but I got
insurance
so could crowd
sourcing um get you to the point where
individuals maybe even in your town can
decide whether you're a good bet
because that's that's what it might take
the year's the other thing
um you know NE you've seen pictures of
people who had sprinklers on the roof
and they would just take the I think it
was a lawn sprinkler they just put it on
the roof before they evacuated and it
would just sort of keep the roof moist
and kept it from burning in some cases
probably not all cases but some so maybe
maybe there's a new technology that we
don't know about a roof
sprinkler you um something like that
maybe the insurance company would do the
forest
mitigation for the
state because there's a profit to be
made if they can mitigate it then they
can sell the crowdsource insurance into
this into the city now are any of those
ideas good ideas not really not really
they're they're all incomplete but does
it help you imagine that if we released
on everything we've done before and just
started with a clean slate and said all
right if you were going to vent this
from scratch would it look anything like
the current system and the answer is no
if you invented it today from scratch
you'd use AI you'd use I don't know just
a lot of different things
so um and then maybe there's something
with land values that have to be
adjusted all right um You may have heard
that the leader of black lives matter
Patrice cullers has lost two of her
three Los Angeles mansions in the
wildfires so I'm not willing to say that
Dei is the reason anybody lost their
house I do think it's the reason that
there's Mass incompetence in general but
if you're looking for any you one
tragedy and one one person in charge it
doesn't necessarily mean that Dei is
there but the irony of the simulation is
that the person Mo you would imagine
most associated with Dei got her house
two of her three houses that she didn't
deserve burned down by
Dei that's kind of perfect you know now
again I'm not saying it's Dei but that's
going to be the The Narrative about it
all right uh Nome went on a podcast
Governor Nome and he was blaming local
leaders for the problem so he didn't he
wanted to make sure you knew it wasn't
necessarily the state leadership that
he's in charge of was rather the local
leaders local leaders
so so the white guy
Governor thinks the problem is the the
local leaders is there anything about
the local leaders that's uh worth
noting does it sound to you like local
leaders is the racist dog whistle that a
Democrat can use yeah it wasn't the
white governor of the state it was the
local leaders
do you hear it or is it just me do you
do you hear the racist dog whistle I
feel like local leaders just has a
little bit of a
Vibe of racism without using the
words I don't know maybe it's just me
that's the way it hit me I I certainly
can't read his mind but it's the way it
hit
me sounds like a dog whistle to me
according to the climate change dispatch
California actually had record rainfall
in I think it was last year and didn't
save it because we don't have the right
kind of um reservoirs and we haven't
built many
reservoirs since forever so poor
long-term planning um those people who
say that it's climate change caused the
dryness are ignoring the fact that
California has always had a highly
variable uh climate when it comes to
rain the most most common thing in
California my entire life is that oh
it's a few years of drought oh it's a
few years of too much rain oh we're back
to a few years of
drought oh it's a too much rain all you
have to do is save the rain from the too
much rain year and you would have plenty
for the not enough rain year at least
for fire maybe not for drinking so yes
that would be a case of bad management
brenwood is under evacuation order
brentwood's that famous Rich place where
people like kamla Harris LeBron James
and Arnold Schwarzenegger live and OJ
lived um on top of that so
Schwarzenegger says you know don't worry
about me and uh of course we
[Laughter]
weren't it's funny schwarzeneger tells
the public you know don't worry about me
I'll be fine and I think the entire
public said we know
we weren't really worried about the
people so rich they have multiple homes
and you know $500 million or whatever
he's worth no we weren't
worried um but apparently Comm Harris's
house got
burglarized or at least there's a report
that there were people there who looked
like they were going to Burg burglarize
it and got
caught
now there is now that means there's a
nonzero chance that Bren wood could burn
down and KLA Harris
house that's what I call a bad
year can you imagine losing the
presidential race to
Hitler and within a few months your
house burns down so she's out of a job
her career is destroyed her husband was
outed as a a girlfriend beat
her and then her house gets burned down
if it happens I mean uh let me say as
clearly as possible I don't want that to
happen I don't want that to happen I
don't want anybody's house to burn down
I don't care what they did to me you
didn't do to me or the bad things they
did I don't really want anybody's house
to burn down except for the black lives
matter woman
who's who has three mansions that look
to be entirely based
on you know
so she would be an exception but no I
don't want KLA Harris's house to burn
down just to be clear
um Wall Street Journal says the fire is
15% contained and you think oh good they
went from 3% to 15 we're in good shape
they'll just keep going nope the wind is
coming back and they should lose that
whole 15 in the next day or two that's
the current forecast the next week's
going to be hairy so we don't know how
far this fire is going to go but let me
teach you something about
numbers yesterday I saw a uh a report
that one of the fires was 3%
contained do you know what's not a thing
3% contained that's not a thing do you
think that they can measure 3%
containment no 3% is zero but they want
you to think that they're doing
something so they go from zero to 3%
there's no difference there's no
difference between 3% contained and 0%
contained that's just something you say
so the news will report it and people go
oh well look look like they've gone from
zero to three in just a week so it's
picking up no it's not picking up 3%
zero same number same
number all right Elon Musk I saw a post
but I didn't see the exact words and
didn't write it down but it sound
sounded like he said that in 2021 he
Elon Musk has set out to destroy the
woke mind virus and now he's declaring
success do you think the woke mind virus
is destroyed
I'm going to give him the win on that I
think he destroyed the woke mind virus I
don't think Trump
did I think I think he must it he said
he would do it he did he did all the
things that you would do if you're
trying to get rid of
it and it does look like people can now
talk about it being ridiculous so you've
got both Democrats prominent Democrats
um at least in the punday class as well
as Republicans say yeah all that stuff
the woke M virus was overblown overdone
ridiculous it was it lacked Common Sense
uh yes Elon Musk set out to destroy the
woke M
virus and got it done and boy did he
take heat for that and still is I mean
the the amount I mean he had to have
beef up his personal security I mean he
took he took a chance on your behalf his
as well
but on your behalf as well and uh good
for him good for him but just to make
his day better there was a former uh in
the UK a labor MP so part of the
government so he's recently out of it
but he was one of the people who
publicly criticized Elon Musk on British
TV last week for when Elon was
criticizing K
starmer uh and uh it was all about the
the all about the I don't want to say it
because I'll get demonetized you know
you're all following the story so so
this guy
complained about the
complaints about
the serious crimes against young
people and he the guy who complained
about it or complained about the
complaints about it uh just was arrested
for attempting to have a meet up with a
15-year-old boy
so you know that thing where you wonder
are the the governments of the developed
worlds
all terrible sex criminals and
transvestites and in the closet and
every other kind of thing you can think
of is it really
that and and that they're all in place
as
puppets it might be you you know what I
heard from uh of course this is not
confirmed that um Justin Trudeau was
never really the head of the country and
that he literally thought of himself as
a relationship manager and all of the
real decisions were made by other people
so the other people are the ones who say
yeah he doesn't really do anything he's
just a relationship manager and they've
also alleged and I don't know if this is
true but they alleged that he also
didn't really pay attention to the news
and didn't know what was going on so
when you saw him talk you would say to
yourself I did anyway you probably did
too it's like does he even watch the
news Trudeau looked like somebody who
wasn't even informed about anything and
then the politician says yeah he wasn't
informed about anything because he
didn't need to make any decisions he was
just supposed to go out there and say
happy stuff that's what it looked like
now that seems to much hyperboy to me I
think he must have had some real
power but what if he
didn't what what if the entire system is
just people behind the scenes making
sure they have the most black mailable
person in the top job because it sure as
hell looks like it and you and that
would make you understand why there was
so much resistance to Trump because he's
quite clearly not that you whatever
Trump is doesn't look like a
puppet but maybe that's what it is it's
all
puppets I had somebody come after me
today who had pronouns in his
profile um instant block I I'm never
going to have another conversation with
somebody who has pronouns in their
profile you know I used to do it like
I'd respond to them and say well here's
my point of view I'm not going to talk
to anybody with pronouns in their
profile and I recommend that you don't
either because whatever they have to say
it can't possibly be
useful could it like just don't waste
your time talking to anybody who think
thinks that's their priority enough
prior priority enough to put it in their
profile so
no meanwhile over at the MS MSNBC Comedy
Network that's what I call it it's not
intentional but it's pretty funny um so
they had some commentator I don't know
his name but his his haircut looked like
a
paintbrush do you know which one it is
he he has this big like a like a giant
paintbrush on his head anyway um he was
talking about the Carter Funeral and how
all the leaders were just sort of
chatting friendly and he said this quote
there was something strange about seeing
multiple leaders who G who have warned
that this guy meaning Trump is a
dictatorship on the horizon fascism on
the horizon the end of the American
experiment now just because of the just
because of the rituals of the funeral so
that's what he's blaming he's blaming
the rituals of a funeral um he says It
Is normalized by default we are just
sitting and making small talk with a guy
who we have said is going to end
everything so remember I said what's
going to happen to Democrat
brains when reality is is thrust upon
them Well here here's an
example so instead of the more obvious
um
interpretation that the entire Democrat
Party was lying about Trump which to me
seems super obvious the MSNBC take and
but I actually think he means this I
think this is an actual take I don't
think he sat around saying what lie can
I tell that will I think he thinks this
he thinks the problem if you can call it
that is that the funeral forced
everybody to act you know responsible
and that that's the reason that they
were joking and talking
to Hitler no that's not
why no because no not that guy not Eli
weasel there's there's some other guy so
he looks like a more like one of those
mushroom balls so I'm talking about the
paintbrush hair not the mushroom
ball
anyway so I'm amazed at Democrats to
look at something as obvious as this and
decide that it's the funeral rituals
that explain everything the funeral
ritual
nope can I can I be clear about this I
would not attend a funeral for somebody
who is not related to me and wasn't my
best friend under any condition if I
were going to be sitting next to and
chatting with
Hiller that's just
me no if he really if any of the things
they said about him were true they would
not have
attended or they would have disinvited
made sure that the you know the Hitler
got disinvited the whole thing was
always a lie and MSNBC is the biggest
purveyor of it well in surprising but
maybe not so much uh news the LA Times
owner has invited Mark andreon to be on
his board so you might know that the LA
Times um newish owner Dr patson
xang um decided not to endorse kamla
Harris and then people said whoa whoa
are you not as Democrat as we thought
you're not as Lefty as we thought well
he did vote for com Harris so the owner
of the LA Times voted for um but he
didn't endorse her because he didn't
want the newspaper to be you know just a
biased uh entity so he got you know tons
of hate for that because he was trying
to be you know middle of the road but
inviting Mark
Andre to be on your board of your
newspaper that said a whole different
message do you know what message that
sends that he's going to turn Republican
nope nope that he just wants to put on
some window dressing so it looks like
he's being seeing both
sides
nope I think he wants a common sense guy
I I think Mark andreon is sort of the
ultimate Common Sense guy if you listen
to him you can you can use your
imagination to like well see Republican
because you can almost hear it but you
can't like I don't know if he's
Republican I don't know what he is but I
can tell you that every time you talks
it makes sense he goes for the things
that are common sense not the philosophy
not the weird stuff not the stuff that's
clearly going to you know be here with
us and then go away but like real
permanent logical rational stuff yeah
he'd be he'd be great I would rather I'd
rather him be the governor of
California if I had a
Mark Andre governor of California big
yes big yes
shellenberger yes yes yeah I can name a
few other names but yeah there's there's
some people that I'd like to see to get
that job and andreon would be right in
my shortest list at the
top uh so that's good that seems like
the Trump effect in the sense that I I
don't think the LA Times could do what
we're seeing um meaning the owner Dr
patson Chang I don't think he could do
it without that Trump effect being just
what it is where everybody's got a
little freedom to say what they
want all right
um here's the thing you need to know
about we
Californians um it kind of sneaks up on
you so you don't realize it until it's
done but we don't really have the right
to own homes in
California because there's a thing
called property tax and if you don't pay
your property tax they'll take your home
so you don't really own a home if you're
paying somebody else to live in it
that's not ownership but then you say to
me well but Scott if you sell it you get
to keep the money how am I going to sell
my
home who would buy anything in
California at the moment so I can't sell
it and I don't own it but well okay you
know when I when I die I can you know
leave it to my heirs do you know what
would be left of my net wealth after
after state and federal taxes and death
taxes
nothing well it's not nothing but it'd
be like less than
half so no we're we're basically living
in a Dei managed racist
hellscape and
um here's the other
problem people keep saying and I and I
just said it a moment ago
we keep saying that all we need is to
get capable and competent people in the
top jobs and then everything will be
okay there's no mechanism for that to
happen if if the Democrats have as much
control over the system as it it looks
like you can't get any competent people
in office it's all going to be you know
Dei
incompetence and there's nothing that's
going to change that you haven't seen a
single thing from anything official like
in the government where they would say
you know what maybe California should
pull back from Dei and and let me say
something I I hate to help him but on
the other hand it would be
good the most unlikely thing I could
imagine is Governor Nome saying uh I'd
like to make Dei illegal in
California now you're going to say to
yourself there's no freaking way that's
going to happen you know the the the
head the potential guy who might run for
president as a Democrat is going to do
you think he's going to disown the the
single most important thing that
Democrats do well here's the thing no
matter how much you love or hate Gavin
Newsome even the people who don't like
him seem to say
grudgingly he's kind of good at this
politics stuff that's why he's Governor
so if he's good at the politics stuff
and in my personal opinion destroying
California is Unforgiven able even even
if the local leaders are the reason um
if he did something big and bold and
common sensical like saying you know
what we got to get competent people we
got to get you know we got to bring in
uh we gotta we got to get rid of Dei
could he become president if he was the
most prominent Democrat who said guys we
got to stop this you know I won't have
any of it di is a losing proposition
it's basically racist we tried it and it
didn't work out we have to
Pivot that would put him right back on
the top of the leader board for
president I don't know if he could do it
but the thing I'm positive about is that
you smart enough to know he
should or that he couldn't get elected
without doing it anyway um I think I
missed the main point I was going to
make earlier which is uh because Trump
is a builder and uh one of the people
who ran for mayor but lost Caruso as a
builder that you can imagine the two of
them getting together and saying what
regulations do we need to get rid of
right
away and you could Revitalize California
by massively changing the regulatory
environment could the two of them get it
done well neither of them is the
governor of
California so I don't know but maybe
some kind of federalizing things would
work Mike cernovich raised over $100,000
I think it was over
$130,000 for uh Californians who are
displaced and need some food he's
working with Chef GRL who is doing the
the hard work of the uh cooking and
delivering the food was doing it I I
believe on his own dime until cernovich
stepped in with 10,000 of his own money
and he raised 13,000 above that I think
I think that's the right number
and that's pretty impressive
so uh I don't know how the other states
worked out I imagine it's the same in
the sense that the people who had the
ability to step in are stepping in so
you know I'm trying to do my part in a
variety of ways and not all that not all
that would be public but I'm hoping a
lot of people are doing a lot of
non-public things to help out that's
pretty that's pretty
amazing
um all
right here's the uh yeah I think I
already talked about that
um the American Psychological
Association is urging the FTC according
to the futurism publication by Maggie
Harrison dpre uh for urges the FTC to
investigate AI chat Bots that are
claiming to be therapists and offering
free therapy so the human therapists are
saying hey there's AI therapists online
and they're pretending to be real people
cuz deep fakes um now their complaint is
simply that they're not
labeled so so far they're not
complaining that they might give you bad
advice although probably they think that
the complaint is they're not labeled now
that's a decent complaint I I think the
consumer should absolutely know if
they're talking to an AI they absolutely
should know however I would like to
nominate
therapists uh at the top of the list for
being replaced by AI
do you really think that your $200 or
$400 an hour I don't know what it costs
uh do you think that your once a week
one hour therapist is going to be
anywhere near as good as the one you can
talk to all day long as much as you want
and it can answer all the same questions
and has all the same skills and acts
just like a human it's not really going
to be close now at the
moment I would imagine the human is well
well beyond what the AI currently can
do but how long end of the year I I
think therapy might be one of the things
that goes first to AI meanwhile here's a
uh fake news story um in my opinion but
maybe there's just something wrong in
The Way It Was Written it's in the
express publication and it says that
over in Ukraine there are these
butterfly battle um yeah these butterfly
drones so they got a big
shipment 30,000 drones coming in from
the UK and they say that these drones
are so light and Nimble that they look
like a child's toy but they have a
machine gun and they can carry a soldier
out of
a out of the war zone
no no there's there's no drone that's
the size of a child's
toy and has a machine machine gun on
it and certainly it's not carrying any
soldiers the size of a child's toy no no
I don't know what's wrong with the story
I don't know if any of it's right may
maybe the entire thing's made up but no
no you're not putting a machine gun on
something the size of a child's drone
toy weird but it says uh has an
operational range of 12.5 miles and can
operate autonomously for up to three
days and has this machine gun on it and
a mobile turret and it's got four oh
it's also got listen to this it's got
fourth glass protection armor so it can
even uh you can even shoot
it and if you don't shoot it too many
times or too hard it'll survive being
shot remember size of a child's
toy has a machine
gun can operate autonomously for three
days
and it could take direct
fire none of that can be true does
anybody believe any of that I don't
think any of it's true but who knows
maybe I'm
wrong anyway that's all I got for you
today uh we going to talk to the locals
people privately and uh the rest of you
I'll see you tomorrow thanks for joining
I hope your day gets better better than
whatever it was
all
right
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e