mm-me well studio coming online yes this
is the famous coffee with Scott Adam
studio going into dark mode in a moment
my lighting will be perfect
oh there I am and there you are it's
good to have you again bump bump bump
bump bump hey you know it would be great
I'll tell you what would be great this
would be great it's called the
simultaneous simple it's probably why
you're waiting for if you would like to
participate it doesn't take much all you
need is singing along with me you know
the words know you don't but imagine you
do just imagine you can say it in your
head a crisper a mug or a glass attacker
jealous or study the canteen sugar flask
invest a little bit in kiting
to fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unfair pleasure the dopamine the end of
the day the thing that makes everything
including the pandemic better gets your
herd immunity on and join me for the
simultaneous sip it happens now go
immunity coming online I feel as though
I could fight off any old virus be it
bioengineered in a Chinese weapons lab
or be it coming from a dead bat on a
street market either one of those no
problem well let's talk about anything
this happened to the last 11 hours last
time I talked to you
it appears that Chinese China is a
reputation in the world continues to get
worse
I guess Germany is going after him hard
in terms of the media so there's some
stories about how hard the German media
is going after China and the US media
seems to
at least the media from the right seems
to be on board anti-china I'm not sure
if the left is fully on board and I
think Nancy Pelosi is still siding with
China
you know the independent of politics
there are some things you can say about
politics that are just objectively true
and I think this is objectively true
Nancy Pelosi is not really on our side
anymore is she
and I don't mean you know our side
pro-trump anti-trump like that I mean
I'm not sure she's not America's side
anymore
it means go it's got that far you
normally I'm not the person who says
I'll don't call them a traitor they're
just have different political beliefs
and stuff but my opinion of Pelosi is
that her actions are entirely based on
Trump personally right it feels like
everything that she does has to do with
Trump personally it doesn't have to do
with the voters doesn't have to do with
the country doesn't have to do with
Congress of the government it's just
personal and if she can't get out of
that mood well we don't need her in any
position in our country so I would say
you know say you just because she's you
know important Democrat or anything she
seems to be absolutely completely
worthless would know beyond worthless
worthless would just be she's not
helping Pelosi seems actively working
against the interests of the United
States because she's got something
bugging her bonnet you know I don't want
to read her mind
so I'll just say she acts as though if
you're just looking at her actions she
acts as though it was just some kind of
personal thing that would be my cat's
tail that you're saying no boo would
like to say hi again apparently say hi
boo all right that's enough of that and
every single day that I open up the news
it looks like it looks like there's just
more hatred for China it's just growing
and growing and growing
and here's what I would worry about this
is a persuasion trick people become
whatever you you act like they are so
loose stop it so here's an example if if
you meet somebody new for the first time
and you simply act like you're their
best friend how do they act well they
just sort of automatically backed
friendlier you know they might not act
like your best friend but if you act
friendly to people they actually back
it's just automatic we mirror people
automatically if you treat somebody like
an enemy how will they act well if you
treat them like that I mean they're
gonna act like an enemy so to a large
extent it's not a hundred percent you
know effective but to a large extent you
can cause other people to become what
you want by treating them that way you
can actually treat somebody like a
friend until they become a friend treat
him like an enemy until they become one
now Charlie was kind of a special case
because apparently at least culturally
we're told the Chinese culture has some
kind of dominant conquering we must take
over the world kind of a vibe to it
which honestly I would say is
unconfirmed yeah my cat's just going
crazy over there now I have to move all
the things on my desktop because she's
knocking along the ground bad kid
[Music]
so here's the thing if we just tell
China China you have done all these bad
things just all our stuff and you you
lied about the coronavirus and you're
locking Weger and concentration camp and
you're using flan boom people for you
know forced transplants you're doing all
that so we're gonna treat you like an
enemy how would I respond well I think
they'd respond like an enemy we've we've
tried to treat them like a friend and I
think we
Green didn't work right I feel it feels
like it was worth a try I wouldn't I
don't think I would have any bad feeling
about anybody who wanted to get closer
to China in the past because it kind of
was worth a try but now we tried right
so that the trying is over we tried it
clearly didn't work being friends with
them just isn't a model that can work
for us now we don't have to be their
enemy that would be the worst thing we
could do the worst thing we could do is
just say all right you're our enemy now
so we're just going to treat it like an
enemy wouldn't do that I would go a
different way and I would be personalize
it and I think the president's instincts
would be similar because he's he's big
on being respectful to the leadership
for practical purposes and you know the
the idiot opposition acts as though
Trump can't tell the difference between
President Xi oh man did I want to swear
just then whoa everyone said while the
the cursed words just well up into my
throat and I have to like eat them to
choke them back what I was going to say
some unkind things about President Xi so
I'll say them in less Pursey tones
president Trump apparently is smarter
than all of his critics on the left
unless they're just pretending because
quite obviously and he's not trying to
hide it even in the least when he talks
about presidents shaving awesome and
powerful and a good friend of his that's
not personal
he's not actually talking about his good
friend President Xi if you believe that
you're an idiot
no the president is treating the leader
of the biggest country in the world at
least in population with respect because
that's functionally the best thing to do
it's obvious it's just for effect now
does he like him personally yeah maybe I
don't know I mean they spent some time
together you might like him personally
but believe me whatever President Trump
says about President Xi in public to the
United States is for effect
it's not what he actually thinks how
dumb would you have to be
to think that the president this is the
only time he's telling you exactly what
he really thinks
no he's the president he's treating
other leaders with the respect he tells
you that directly he says it directly of
course I'm changing the leaders with
respect and then he goes hard at them
with tariffs and other complaints so so
I think the Presidents on the same page
which you don't need to treat them like
an enemy that but at the same time you
could be clear-eyed about what the risk
is so here's how I would go I said this
before but I'm going to say it better
rather than treating China as an enemy
we should treat it as an incompatible
system we should just say you know we've
got this electronic thing we want to
plug into the wall socket
but we need voltage of 110 you've got
220 well it's not our it's not our
opinion that that's good or bad we're
not criticizing you you're not our enemy
I'm just saying I have a toaster it
requires 110 but your system is 220 we
tried plugging in and it blew up my
toaster and then we tried plug in the
you know the hair dryer and hair dryer
blew up too so then we tried plugging in
our electric car and my Tesla blew up
and then I tried you know plugging in my
phone and my phone blew up how many
things do we have to blow up before we
find out that you can't plug a 110
device into a 220 outlet so we so he
says get an adapter stop at you
engineers stop ruining by analogy with
your clever clever engineering solutions
my point is we should just say while you
have a system that doesn't have
transparency you can't connect to a
system that does now do we have all the
transparency in the world no you know
even the United States could have far
better transparency but it's pretty good
wouldn't you say and when we are pretty
close to transparent I mean we even have
we even have transparency and things
that didn't happen we have so much
transparency we know the things that did
happen behind closed doors plus people
are writing entire book
about things that didn't even happen we
have whatever is more than transparency
we have people actually making stuff up
and they still don't go to jail
imagine that in China imagine China
somebody writes a book and you just make
up a bunch of stuff that happened behind
closed doors that the president said oh
yeah then President Xi said you know
let's say let's kill all the weavers or
whatever and you imagine that how long
that would last in China so not only
does the United States have transparency
but we have whatever's past that where
people can just make stuff up and they
still don't go to jail it's kind of
amazing actually
so I think you could boil it down to
that you can't plug a transparent system
into a non transparent system and get a
good result for the transparent one the
non transparent one will do just fine
right remember you plug your toaster
into the 220 the toaster blows up I
don't know if this is true because I'm
not an electrician but imagine if I were
an electrician and I knew what I was
talking about right now wouldn't this be
a cool story so just imagine this is
true you plugged your 110 I have no idea
that this happens you plug your 110 you
couldn't do it because the plugs would
be different but imagine you did you
plug it in your toaster blows up but the
220 outlet is fine the outlet is fine
it's only the toaster that got injured
so as long as we're a transparent system
we're vulnerable to plug into a
non-transparent system and I think we
should just keep it simple say it's not
about communism we don't care do we care
do you really care if they if the
Chinese government is communist know you
can only care how it affects you how it
affects the world we don't really care
how other countries govern themselves I
mean we'd like them not to be murdering
their citizens right but it is kind of
up to them I mean you know there's not
much we can do about it so that's how I
do it I would de personalize it and say
you can't plug a transparent system into
an entree
system and if you do only one of them
can win only the non-transparent can win
because they can take from the
transparent side but they give nothing
they don't even tell you if they have a
pandemic coming so that's that that's
how I would decoupled I would decoupled
entirely based on transparency because
it can't be argued there's no argument
about it and you don't have to argue
whether a communist system is better
than a democratic system
right because transparency isn't really
technically built into the communist
system if you said China can you
describe the communist system would
there be anything on their list that
describes their government in their own
opinion they said oh yeah and we don't
do transparency because communists don't
do transparency that's not actually part
of the system so you can actually ignore
communism in your you ignore the entire
system of government and say we don't
really care what kind of system you have
we care about transparency and if you
don't have that it doesn't matter what
else you're doing we don't care if
you've got a king a dictator a communist
system we don't care if you're
democratic you could be Democrats if you
have no transparency I guess it doesn't
work if you're democratic but if you
have no transparency to us doesn't work
alright so China's going down there's no
two ways about it let me say this is as
clearly as I can in five years China's
gonna be a bad place it's gonna be a bad
place because it's it's gonna be doing
nothing but going downhill and I think
that's guaranteed at this point us
however in five years is going to be
really really good shape I'll tell you
where you want to be the United States
in five years boy do you want to be in
the United States in five years because
it's gonna be an amazing place this year
little little problematic all right so
last night on was it
Levin Jo I think it was dr. David Katz
the founding director of the Yale
Griffin Prevention Research Center in
Connecticut he says what I've been
saying
so apparently I'm a qualified biologist
now because what I've been saying for
months is now being said by an actual
doctor now it's not like other doctors
haven't said this before but he's the
clearest one and it goes like this he
says if you but I want to get his exact
words I didn't write down his exact
words the basic thing is he's saying
that unless you have vaccines which we
don't have or you have to heard humanity
herd immunity which we don't have unless
you have one of those two things there's
no such thing as getting back to normal
and he suggests that the longer we're in
isolation and avoiding the virus we're
just pushing the problem into the future
now I suppose you could push it into the
future like theoretically until the
vaccines here but we know that won't
work because it's just too long and if
we if we can't close the economy for a
year or 18 months I think everybody
bears degrees that's too long
so we can't wait for a vaccine so let's
take one of the two possibilities off
the table all right if Exene doesn't
help us soon enough what is the only
other thing that could work according to
a doctor who is an expert on prevention
I assume it's this kind of prevention
and actually I don't know what kind of
prevention he's a doctor oh so let's let
me not assume I know his credentials but
he got on TV you use a doctor who got on
TV that's one or something
and so he's basically saying we should
go ahead and get the herd immunity well
he doesn't say this directly is that
I'll just say it directly so I've said
that we should rethink what our goal is
the goal should not be to avoid it
the goal should be to get it in the most
careful way so in other words if we're
not already letting out the people who
are unlikely to die from it so that they
can guess of immunity we can't really
ever get there there's no way to get
from here to there right so I'm very
much on that team which is to say I
think we're on the right path really
because as we carefully reopen the
government to the infections should
spent I think the only gaining factor
should be the icy use and unfortunately
the only thing that should slow us down
is the hospital resources and I think
we're in much much better shape Hospital
resources than we thought we would be so
that seems to be the only path and you
know what's interesting about it is that
the public with all of their protests
and going to the beach and huddling and
stuff it seems to me yeah actually no
people didn't talk about convalescent
blood serum he should have said that
that was the third option right because
wouldn't comes lessons of blood serum
also get you two something like herd
immunity if you did enough of it so I
think we should change our strategy I
think our strategy should get should be
explicitly to get to herd immunity but
to do it with the least possible death
so there's probably some strategy for
doing that that involves infecting the
keeping cold away for at least a month
and then then hoping you've got immunity
maybe you can test for antibodies in a
few months anyway I would like to see
our goal explicitly changed to careful
herd immunity and or vaccinations
because right now just hiding I feel
like isn't getting this closer to the
endpoint as this doctor says is just
pushing off the endpoint and I and if
you push off the endpoint you're also
pushing off the point that your that
your economy
can recover it certainly makes point it
makes sense to push off your your end
point if the only thing you're worried
about is dying because it keeps your
hospital resources as open as possible
but if the economy is a variable too I
think you want to do it sooner I think
you want to get the economy going get
the infections going you know the X
number of people are going to die no
matter what you do it's a it's an adult
decision and and by the way I've heard a
number of other people use the phrase
adult decision it's a really good one
yeah in terms of persuasion if you get
an argument with some idiot who is just
being political and acting as though
there's a choice that where nobody dies
that's the child view I'll take the
child view please where the economy is
good and nobody gets the virus I'll have
that one please and you say well we
don't have that choice you know you got
to make tough choices somebody's gonna
die because the economy went bad
different people other people will die
if you do the other plan where the virus
goes everywhere so you just sort I have
to pick and I'll say it again if if
there's nobody in the country who wants
to make the choice I'll do it not my job
obviously nor do I think I'm especially
qualified but if you needed an adult to
make an adult decision and you don't
want to make it yourself I'll do it I
won't like it I mean it would you know
mess me up for the rest of my life
wouldn't it I mean if you made a
decision that you knew killed people
you'd never really be the same I don't
think I don't think I would be the same
but if it's the only way to get from
here to there the country requires
somebody to make a decision and it's
gonna have some kind of a you know a
psychic load on that person for the rest
of their life well I'm pretty I'm pretty
hardened against that thing I'm pretty
mentally tough I'll do it if you need an
adult to tell you which way to go and
people are gonna die I'll do it if we
don't have any other adults who will do
it I'll do it alright
that won't come to that I'm just saying
that we should just stop talking with
children about the impossible ways let's
get a flying unicorn and then the
economy will be good and nobody will
have the virus
okay children you're done now speaking
of children so-called comedian Patton
Oswalt I hate I hate Patton Oswalt by
the way I just hate him personally
now he's come after me personally on on
Twitter he's just a horrible little
troll of a man and he's skiing I think
it went after a Greg Gutfeld this week
and so now people to go after him so
here's what he said and of course I'm
not I'm not the guy anything she should
get in trouble for jokes all right so
I'm not gonna say somebody should lose
their job or something because I made a
stupid joke especially if you're a
comedian I mean I just had bad nose well
there's a horrible human being as far as
I can tell he's just a terrible person
based on his public public persona I
don't know him personally and so here's
what he said but even so he's even
though he's a terrible person I don't
think anybody should lose your job for a
bad joke but here's what he said and on
Twitter he said Anne Frank spent two
years hiding in Natick so you know
already son shaky ground if the first
two words in your tweet are in Frank it
almost doesn't matter what comes out in
the rest of the tweet you're gonna get
some attention
you start with Anne Frank that's that's
starting strong alright so he says Anne
Frank spent two years hiding in an attic
and and we've been home for just over a
month with Netflix food delivery and
video games and her people risking viral
death by storming state capitol
buildings and screaming open flood
rockers he tweeted now on a on a comedy
level not bad not bad I mean Patton
Oswald is a famous comedian because he's
good at comedy I can't take that away
from and
also in terms of judging artists in
general since I'm usually on the
receiving end of the judgement I always
like to say that if there are if an
audience is paying for your work it's
not bad so anybody who says that a
comedian is not funny at the same time
that a comedian films entire stadiums of
people buying a ticket and know why
they're there and they're happy when
they leave that's not a bad artist as
somebody who filled a room with people
who wanted to pay for it
so patton oswalt he fills rooms with
people who want to pay for his content
so he's good he's good at what he does
I can still hate him for just being a
horrible person though so his food is
funny but of course he is he was blamed
of being tone deaf not reading the room
because it does not describe everybody
in the country watching Netflix with
their delivery and video games you do
know there are people who can't afford
food delivery they're called
most of the people in the United States
probably the majority wouldn't you say I
would guess over half of the country
wouldn't do takeout even if they wanted
it because it would cost a few bucks
extra I think at least half the country
doesn't do takeout orders or delivery
even if it's not a corona virus it's got
to be half more 75% it might be 75% of
the country has never done delivery of
groceries because they can't afford it
wouldn't you say maybe 75% I'm just
guessing it's at least 50% have never
had food delivered to their house
because you wouldn't pay extra for it
yeah somebody's saving 3/4 I think it
might be 75 it could be higher it could
be 80% of the cut I don't know wouldn't
be surprised
so Patton definitely wasn't reading the
tone of the country there here's a
horrible story that I'm only going to
tell you because of the way I feel about
it
I want to see if you
gotten to this point to this is a
terrible story you're not gonna like me
more after I say this so let me just
warn you I'm gonna reveal a little bit
too much about my inner thoughts and it
really shouldn't do this but I feel like
it anyway it's like you ever do
something that you know you shouldn't do
and you know you're gonna do it anyway
even when you know you shouldn't do it
you say I know I shouldn't do this now
watch me do it I don't know why I'm
doing this because I just said I know I
shouldn't do this well I'm gonna do this
right now
it was a California mayor who got in
trouble for doing some public
presentation where he showed a Ku Klux
Klan photo and compared it to Trump
supporters so so this is a mayor of
Auburn California and he had just
recently on social media posted a meme
comparing Trump supporters to the KKK
well he died in a small plane crash
yesterday and I thought to myself I
don't have empathy I have I have lots of
empathy for his family right so to his
family of course of course I'm to
present empathy nothing else would be
even human but I get honestly this is
the part I don't want to admit in public
but I'm gonna do it anyway if somebody
who was a listen elected official has
put me into a category because I'm a
trump supporter not a conservative not a
Republican but definitely a trump
supporter he puts me in the category
with the KKK in public and that he dies
I don't care sorry didn't mean
to swear I actually don't care I do care
about his family I mean genuinely you
don't want anybody to die if they feel
loved ones etc and that part is the
tragedy but let me say it as clearly as
I can if you're an elected official and
you've compared some part of the
American public who just want you know
freedom and a constitution and
people follow the laws and don't raise
my taxes too much if you're calling them
the KKK in public and you're an elected
official and ya made sure he was joking
right sure he was joking well not really
I mean he was joking and since he didn't
literally mean the KKK but he meant to
compare them and I gotta say I don't
have any empathy for him he died in a
terrible accident and I actually just
don't care I think he deserved it
there's deserves a tough word nobody
should ever say anybody deserves that so
I'll take back deserved I will say that
he he abdicated his right to empathy
let's say that nobody deserves it so
nobody deserves it I want to be as clear
as I can nobody deserves to die in a bad
accident but you could certainly
abdicate your right to empathy and I
think he did that's all I'm saying
I like death so there's a former NASA
scientist who is on Fox News peace who's
talking about this thing called the far
UV light and his take on it was really
really good and I don't know I've said
before that engineers are gonna save the
world just over and over again
scientists but also engineers and this
is this is a good example so the
scientists and this guy's a scientist
former NASA scientist was saying that
the special kind of UV light it's not
the normal kind it's a special range for
UV whatever that is yeah we know that it
kills the virus and we've known that for
a while in fact there are industrial
devices with this light that actually do
that right now they work in hospitals
they they kill the virus and what the
scientist was saying was essentially an
engineering solution so it's one thing
to invent things but they have to
actually be spread into the public and
implemented and that's where the
engineers come in and so the scientist
was saying that
instead of using these devices to let's
say decontaminate something you know is
to kit you know is contaminated which is
the normal way your brain works so your
brain says oh wait there's this light
and you know it kills the virus so we'll
use this in all the places that there's
a virus like if I have a mask I wanted
to camp decontaminate it maybe I put
that in there you know if I had
something specific that was contaminated
I'd put that light there and then the
but then the scientist gives this twist
on it and the change completely changes
what I thought of this idea and he put
an engineering spin on it and he said
you don't want to use it to kill the
virus where you know there's a virus you
just want to put them everywhere because
apparently you could even put one in the
you know attach one to the dashboard of
your car or you know up to the hang one
from the the rearview light it would
just be a little unit and all day long
you know or at least when he turned it
on it would just use some UV light into
the environment it would be killing the
virus if it were in your car so without
even knowing if your car would ever be
infected you put this little device
there during the day periodically it
just shoots out some far UV lights and
if anybody had some and if they touched
your car on the inside it would kill it
now he's saying you could put it in your
door ways you could build a doorway so
that if you walk through it the UV light
would kill some stuff that was on your
body maybe you could put you could build
it into the ceiling lights and they
actually showed a prototype was actually
a ceiling light that during the day just
use UV light out in addition to the
regular room light so as the regular
room light is on somebody says I already
did this interesting so as the regular
room light is on you can't even see the
UV light so we could just be done during
the day
killing viruses in your environment and
you never know and to me that seems like
a really scalable solution it doesn't
look like it's necessarily to scale ball
in the next 12 months but if we're
talking about the future of humanity and
I think that's
with a NASA scientist is talking about
because we've got pandemic after
pandemic after pandemic right now to the
extent that they're all viruses they
probably are not susceptible to the same
kind of treatment
yeah airplanes airplanes would be the
obvious one where you'd want to put this
so you can easily imagine and let me ask
you a question how much do you think it
cost if you were to make a consumer
product that was handheld or you know
ceiling mounted or maybe it's just a
light bulb and it could be just a light
bulb right but what would it cost per
room or per car I suppose what would it
cost if you got your production down per
unit and I'm thinking I'll pay you could
get one of those devices below $20
pretty quickly for let's say a small
space like a bedroom or something the
bathroom maybe I'll bet you could get
your whole house done for under $1,000
if you got the good stuff and maybe
under $300 if if you went cheap maybe
your car unit would be you know 50 bucks
sits up there and you just change the
batteries now and then something like
that
somebody says 5g will kill them wouldn't
that be great
imagine waking up tomorrow and finding
out that we killed the corona virus by
just you know cranking up all the 5g
cell towers for a few minutes
just turn them up for a few minutes we
killed all the virus I don't think
that'll happen all right so that's what
more hopeful things I've heard because
it does feel like even if we beat the
corona virus it's just going to be one
virus every X years killing our economy
so it'd be good to have some kind of
permanent way to suppress it let's talk
about that skatepark yeah cruise ships
or another another great one somebody
says they have them on Amazon is that
right I don't know I'm not sure I would
I don't think I would trust and anything
uh Amazon during the virus because what
there's a lot of scams
let me just check somebody said it's Oh
let me talk I could talk about systems
in a minute so that would be far UV
light or UV let's see and the answer is
oh yeah germicidal lamps so 414 dollars
you could buy a pack of 60 watt light
bulbs that are allegedly germicidal
lamps but here's my warning to you oh
yeah there's a whole bunch of light
bulbs all I'll be doing sanitizing light
bulbs they all say UV not far UV so
here's what I would caution you
oh there's one that you stick your hand
into interesting so yeah there's all
kinds of products in that category but
they don't use the word far and here's
the thing I would worry about it's very
likely that there's a specific kind of
UV the far UV whatever that is I know
there works better than other UV things
and so I'm thinking that the regular UV
might be a little bit useful and the far
UV might be very useful so I would be
cautious anything you buy during that
coronavirus because it's probably as
many scams as or a real products I don't
know you can tell somebody says they're
made in China I'll bet they are what
would happen if you found out that the
reason China got it under control is
they're usually far UV in their light
bulbs and they didn't tell us
somebody says 5g could be the problem
not the cure yeah maybe somebody says
you're an LED expert electrical engineer
well good there might have been more to
that yeah there's some youtubes on this
people are sending me URL to see it's
not a novel approaches built oh yeah
that's what I said I thought it's been
out there forever it's a common approach
but what was different is how to
engineered into everything to me that
was the breakthrough the breakthrough is
not the
the UV light kills virus the problem is
that it's not in the places it needs to
and apparently it could be apparently it
could be there's no difference or it
could be worried about our own immune
system you know it would be interesting
I wonder if you could test our immune
systems before and after the corona
virus are you curious about that because
you know as I've told you many times I
think many of you are doing the same
thing I am consciously working on my
immune system so it almost every
decision I make during the day is
directly or indirectly related to my
immune system because at the moment it's
my highest priority because I figured
eventually I'm going to get exposed to
the virus sooner or later and I want to
be in good shape so for example are
there are there so many people who are
doing something similar and it could be
you know just work was more stressful
than staying home for a lot of people as
long as you're still getting a paycheck
staying home is probably a little less
tense than going to work for a lot of
people may be the reverse for some of us
- anyway the question is if you could
measure our immune if there's a way to
do that directly our immunity before and
after coronaviruses shut down would it
be higher or lower I'm pretty sure
binding would be higher if assuming that
I can actually boost my immunity by
lifestyle and in the you know in a few
months and I think you can I do yeah I'd
love to get an opinion if there's a
medical doctor here who knows this how
much can you boost your immunity through
lifestyle we'll say in a month you know
- can you make an appreciable difference
in your overall body's immunity in a
month or or is it a case of the average
person with good immunity has good days
and bad days based on what they did that
day in other words if you didn't get any
sleep that day is your immunity lower if
you're tip more tense that day if you
I don't know if you if you over exercise
and worry around yourself out so that's
my question and the reason I'm asking
this is it's entirely possible I'll just
throw this out as the most ridiculous
optimistic statement anybody ever said
okay if the problem with this virus is
that it kills more well it seems to be
extra deadly at least in quantity if not
in ratio meaning that it might not be
killing such a high ratio of people to
get it but there are lots of them
because it's a pretty viral thing so if
there are lots of them and you know it's
deadly what would happen if our immunity
went up 20 percent let's say if you
couldn't measure such a thing and then
we were released back into the wild to
get some herd immunity would brute would
boosting your immunity by 20% make a
huge difference in the mortality rate
and in the way sony says just looking at
the comments because this is funny so
there's a Steve says damn I was waiting
for a Monday call and it stopped Monday
welcome to the club no idea what day it
is most of the time no idea in fact it's
worse for me you think it's bad for you
you don't know a day it is I don't know
what time of the day it is because I put
my blackout curtains down what I do
these periscopes so when the curtains
are down it could be any time today I
don't know what it is outside because I
do the periscope at the same time of the
day in the a.m. as the p.m. so my local
time is 7:00 a.m. and then again at 7:00
p.m. I have this weird experience like
last night where you know I do my
periscope I was probably in bed by 9:30
ish and and then I wake up I slept a
little late today and I'm just doing it
again so I've got this Groundhog Day
thing where I do this periscope I go to
sleep and then I do the periscope and
then I do some things than I do a
periscope and I have to tell you I
several occasions I couldn't remember if
it was morning or night I actually
couldn't tell I was sitting there
thinking I know I've gotta do a
periscope but is this the morning or is
this the night and a few times I've had
to actually had to once I had to look
outside just to talk to to figure out if
it was morning or night so that's bad
all right let's talk about this skate
park this is one of those stories people
like to talk about because you
understand it there's there's nothing to
it you don't understand so there's some
skate park I think it was in Southern
California where they filled it in with
sand so that people wouldn't use it in
violation of the of the ban on getting
together and a lot of people sent that's
outrageous it's outrageous except
probably not I don't think it was
outrageous if you wanted to keep people
from using it and you didn't want to put
a staff there a hundred percent of the
time and the signs didn't work and he
knew that people would be you know
congregating too close well Phil Lewis
and you can always take it out so I know
people are not outraged because somebody
found a clever solution to these things
just filibus and
I don't know you could argue that
skateboarders don't get that close to
each other but in my experience I've
actually spent quite a bit of time as
skate parks how many of you have spent
time in skate parks because I have I
spent a lot of time at skateboarding
parks in my local town not skateboarding
but watching my stepson at the time and
they could get pretty busy there's a lot
of a lot of social interaction there so
I would not disagree with them acting
creatively and making that skatepark
unavailable all right anybody have any
other questions
sleep tips
I will give you some more sleep tips
tonight because I think you should look
at sleep as a skill I was in Venice
California is the skate park San
Clemente some people say alright yeah
they tried caution tape first you can't
really get teenage boys and they're
mostly boys you really can't get them to
obey rules so maybe fill it in with sand
yeah I don't even think a fence would
stop him you know the thing with the
sand is that it's temporary it's not
that hard to take the sand out of it
it's not gonna hurt anything hard in
order to take it out and put it in yeah
it'll be harder but it's not that big a
deal
you got brooms sweep it is there any
other thing you would like from me
in subsequent periscopes there would be
in the form of a lesson
something something you think I know how
to do that you would like me to teach
you how to do among the possibilities
are systems for fitness systems for diet
those of you who are new to me are
wondering what are you talking about I
thought you were a cartoonist why would
you have a system for diet and a system
for fitness and if you did why would I
care about it because after all you're a
cartoonist and the answer is what I
teach is systems that would work in any
domain so it's not a specific system
it's just how to build a system for
fitness and how to design a system for
that sort of thing so I was probably
gonna be doing that stuff pretty soon
and yeah walking helps a lot all right
just leave your comments before I sign
off
yeah the counting to 20 is an amazing
technique and I'll reinforce that and
because the more it's reinforced the
more powerful it is
the new Biden ad yeah so the Biden ad
tries to make it look like Trump did
everything wrong and the pandemic and
everything wrong dealing with China and
it it makes China the the enemy and then
it tries to say that Trump did a bad job
dealing with the enemy of China and as
Tim Poole pointed out in a tweet this
morning I don't think they thought this
through
because if Joe Biden succeeds in making
it look like China is the big old enemy
who are you gonna vote for I mean
seriously if the only thing you've
gotten out of that ad is that China is
really dangerous and we'd better be
tough with them who are you gonna vote
for you're not gonna vote for Biden if
you if you think the Biden is accurate
and saying that China is a big of a
problem I mean it's like it's almost
like the mole came up on that you know
the mole is my theoretical person who
gives bad advice to the other side our
system to learn how to draw sure I could
I could teach you that pitching ideas
for projects that's a good one I'm not
sure I'm the best at pitching ideas for
projects but I'll get you there yeah I
could probably get you into the top 20%
pretty easily the New Jersey cop drones
well I think we have to get used to
drones being everywhere
I think drones will be everywhere I
think that they're gonna have facial
recognition that are gonna be able to
sense things in the environment they
might even be able to at some point
you're gonna have military drones in the
air you're gonna have armed drones in
the air sooner or later somebody says
Biden is less dangerously creepy now
that he has early onset dementia Lady
Gaga's Biden's visiting
don't you wonder what yeah in their
private moments do you ever wonder if
the Biden supporters like Alyssa Milano
and lady gaga and stuff don't you wonder
what they say in their private moments
because privately don't you think they
say yeah we know he's lost it but we
just we can't have another you know we
can't have the orange monster elected
again
don't you think privately they know the
Biden's already done at least in terms
of mentally Oh drying for kids yeah I
could give you a drawing lesson for kids
okay I'll do that
I'll make that one of my two deuce all
right that's all I got for today
and I'll talk to you tonight you know
what