hey everybody come on in here it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams I think I'm
looking pretty dapper in my baggy
sweatshirt today well it's a weekend so
I could wear anything I walked that's
right I am running this media empire in
my pajamas with a sweatshirt on haven't
even shaved beat that for a business
model will you I don't think you can't
but I know what you can do you can enjoy
the simultaneous it with all of the
goodness that your beverage plus the
simultaneity can bring you it doesn't
take much all you need is a copper
bugger glasses snifter stein cellist
anchor thermos flask canteen Grail
goblet vessel of any kind feeling with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine to the day the
thing makes everything better
the simultaneous simp go uh-huh yep yep
just as good as I thought no surprises
there
so in the news there is a tragic
shooting on some Navy base by a Saudi
citizen who was there also training here
is a picture of the perpetrator now I
have a suggestion is there no way we can
do a facial recognition algorithm they
can spot this guy as the guy who is
likely to do a mass shooting compare
here's my face and ask yourself I see
this face is he likely to do a mass
shooting
here's me posing for a photo here's
another one here's another one do any of
those faces say to you well I think that
guy is gonna do a mass shooting they do
not and I would be willing to bet that
each and every one of you could take a
photograph which an objective observer
would look at your photograph and say oh
here's a photograph of Bob does Bob look
like a probable serial killer no not at
all
Bob's face does not say serial killer at
all now take a look at this guy does
that guy look like he's happy does he
look like maybe he's got a little anger
in there I'm completely serious if you
can't write an algorithm to pick this
guy and at the pack and say maybe we
should keep a little more keep an eye on
that guy it's got to be a thing right
it's got to be a thing yeah he's dead
down but this will be well that's it's
just a tragedy there's nothing nothing
else to say about that in other news the
Rasmussen report their daily
presidential tracking poll for Friday
just put President Trump that 51 percent
approval rating of likely us voters 51%
it's above half how many people if
somebody says on military IDs rarely
people smile okay it's not the lack of a
smile that's the problem here folks it's
not the problem that he looks unhappy
yeah there's something else going on
here I quite literally if you can't
build a machine that can pull that out
either I just think that you run a bunch
of phases through machine it's going to
come out with this guy it's going to
come out with every other serial
obviously can come up with Adam Schiff
he hasn't killed anybody yet but I think
it's only a matter of time
anyway the Rasmussen poll is about 50%
everybody has talked about that forever
as being a sort of a magic indicator
this sense whoa
more people approve of the president
then don't so that 50% is kind of magic
what should you expect to see today what
you should expect to see today is CNN
running the poll to show that that's not
true
so within within one day we should see
from CNN a counter poll this says no
Rasmussen or no Rasmussen you're no
accurate you're not accurate but
Rasmussen does have a pretty good record
of being accurate I think in the last
the last 2016 election they were
probably about the best right so that's
interesting but wait for the counter
poll so you could have a good laugh at
that
in other news Mike Bloomberg referred to
Cory Booker as well-spoken
now as I wrote in my incredible
best-selling book loser think which
should be sitting right next to me and I
should be holding up right now but it's
not sitting right next to me and I have
my microphone on so imagine that you
could see it here this is me holding up
my book so do you like it do you like
the cover pretty good in my book loser
think I talked about Ron Santos who is
now government governor yeah governor no
no governor what is he Ron Santos was
when he was running he got a lot of he
got a lot of grief for calling an
african-american opponent articulate I
believe so here's my tip and I wrote
about this in my book if you were one of
the people who knew that if you make
this particular kind of compliment to an
effort
an American citizen in this country is
viewed as an insult because if you say
this individual is articulate the thing
which it immediately makes you think is
why wouldn't they be well why the heck
wouldn't they pay ya DeSantis governor
of Florida thank you for reminding me
but when de sant√© said it I said the
same thing I'm going to say now which is
if you were to just grab a bunch of
white folks and say okay you random
group of white folks I'm gonna ask you
the following question are you aware
that it would be considered an insult to
say a complement of an african-american
man or woman that they are articulate
how many white people would know that
that would be considered an insult well
I don't know the percentage but it's not
all maybe half I would say half at most
because it's one of those things that
you really have to be paying attention
to even notice yeah in all likelihood
you've never encountered the situation
you haven't read about it you just have
never seen it so what should we make of
the fact that Mike Bloomberg called Cory
Booker well-spoken and Cory Booker who
and this is the fun part of the story
apparently Cory Booker and Mike
Bloomberg know each other really well
have campaigned together they've
endorsed each other's campaigns
Bloomberg has donated money to Cory
Booker they have they have a
relationship that goes back a while do
you think that Cory Booker believes that
Mike Bloomberg is a racist no let's be
honest Mike Bloomberg is not a racist
and I don't think that Cory Booker
thinks that either because he knows him
personally he's known him for a long
time and in Bloomberg's a liberal and it
doesn't seem like really you know much
odds that that sort of accusation should
or could stick but here's the thing it
really does it makes bloomberg feel a
little bit off his game in other words
if you're watching it and you say to
yourself yeah I'll agree with you Scott
that only half of your typical non
african-american people have even heard
of this well-spoken articulate thing
being an insult but Mike Bloomberg has
do you think there's any chance that
Mike Bloomberg is not in the 50% of
people who know that that's an insult of
course he is now I can't read his mind
so you have to you have to be open to
the possibility that he got to this age
with that amount of public exposure or
that amount of brilliance I mean blue
Brooks a really really smart guy can we
believe he got to that point without
ever hearing that articulate or well
spoken word insults in this context well
it's hard to believe so what it makes
you think and I want to be very careful
here there is the possibility that I'd
never heard of it before because like I
said a lot of people haven't it's not
that uncommon
I think Ron de santis probably was in
that category of people who just it
didn't register as something that he was
familiar with as an insult until after
it happened but it's hard to believe
that Bloomberg didn't know that it's
possible it's possible so I'm not gonna
make the statement that he did no
because it's possible he didn't but
whether he knew or it was just a senior
moment when he knew it but he wasn't
wasn't on the ball enough to connect it
in this context anyway you look at it
it's bad for Bloomberg but what it isn't
is racist it's definitely not racist so
there's that anyway so all of you have
now heard it right so everybody who's
listening to this periscope knows that
well-spoken articulate and I think I
think a word that
I didn't used to describe Obama at one
point was clean it clean are you
freaking kidding me
if you don't know that's an insult well
you know but at least at least Biden is
famous for gaffes all right let's get to
my favorite story of the day I know this
is why you're here so it turns out that
Oh a n the the network OAM has a lawsuit
against Rachel Maddow because she sat on
the air that OAM was really literally
paid Russian Russian propaganda site and
she used the words really , literally
now Rachel Maddow is on a news network
but if she news is she news or where she
opinion now here's the interesting thing
so this lawsuit is going on and now we
know what the the lawyer for Rachel
Maddow what their defense is going to be
are you ready here is Rachel Maddow's
defense from her lawyer against the
accusation that she said on the air in
these words the Oh a n is literally no
really literally a paid Russia
propaganda outlet now they're not
they're not anything like that so it's a
completely false statement now when you
make a completely false statement on a
news network
and they call you on it and it's
obviously a very damaging one I mean
this would be a really bad a bad
accusation if people believed that this
would be really damaging financially -
oh yeah so what possible defense can you
imagine that the lawyer could come up
with - to argue that there's no
defamation here when on a news network
she said that they are really literally
paid prompt Russia
Buganda and they're not what would be
the defense yes they're calling it the
alex jones defense the defense is the
things I say are not true and I know it
in other words the defense's Rachel
Maddow is full of I'm not making
that up the actual defense is ladies and
gentlemen of the jury my my client
Rachel Maddow she did say those words
it's on video so there's no question
about that she did say that that Oh a n
is really literally paid Russia
propaganda and it's literally really not
true even a little bit even slightly
even any way that you want to slice it
not even a little bit so what did she
mean oh she didn't really mean that
in other words yeah it's the idiot
defense it's the idiot or a liar defense
now here's the funny part
I saved the funny part for last can you
imagine the meetings in which this
defense was first floated so you can
imagine that Rachel Maddow was probably
in the room with her lawyer and I don't
know that this is true but it's fun to
imagine that somebody from MSNBC and
executive one of Rachel Maddow bosses
might have been in the meeting too and
of course if your MSNBC you don't want
to get sprayed with the same slime so
maybe you'd like a little distance
between your corporate brand and
something that one of your on-air host
said so who was the person who floated
the idea to Rachel Maddow in the first
place and did it go like this
okay Rachel I've been thinking about
this I've got a great idea for a defense
I think this will work I think this will
work all you have to do is claim that
you're a idiot No
now I'm saying just hear me I don't just
hear me out
if they think that you're smart and you
mean what you say it's gonna cost us a
lot of money so the last thing you want
to do is say that you're smart and you
mean what you said so you're gonna have
to go with the defense that everything
you say is a bunch of
because that could work I would also
point out that there's word that Elon
Musk just prevailed in his in the suit
in which he was defending against the
guy he called the pedo guy I didn't even
know his real name unfortunately I don't
know the name the real name of the guy
who was brought the lawsuit but I know
him as pedo guy it was just pretty funny
I never thought about that that the only
name we know for Noah for that guy is
pedo guy but I I hastened to say that
there's no truth to the rumor that the
guy that Elon Musk referred to in a
tweet as P no guy there's no truth to
the rumor that he has any kind of
activity that would justify that name
but Elon Musk prevailed in the suit
because it's just something that angry
people say on Twitter it's just
something that angry people say on
Twitter so in the case of two citizens
musk is a citizen he's not somebody on
the news and the guy who brought the
lawsuit is just a citizen and they were
having some words in public on Twitter
and so in that context the jury or the
judge I don't know what you was has
ruled that that's just trash talk and
should not be taken that seriously just
trash talk but what if you're a news
organization if you're a news
organization and you use the words
really and literally before you present
your fact can a news organization get
away with is just trash talk
I'll think so we'll find out but I'll
think so so and can the news
organization get away with everybody
should know that we just make up the
news that it's just invented it's not
based on facts which one of those
defenses makes MSNBC and Rachel Maddow
look good I think done so let's keep
watching that if you ever have a chip if
you ever have a chance to make a lawsuit
against somebody and you push them into
their only defenses that they're really
really stupid and they lie that's a good
lawsuit so congratulations on om for
putting the boot down on that absolutely
justified the claim that Rachel Maddow
made that they were paid Russian
propaganda totally false that's worthy
of a lawsuit
I would agree all right I don't know if
you noticed that I took up Joe Biden on
the push-up challenge so I did a tweet
yesterday you can find it in my Twitter
feed in which I did 25 push-ups on video
as my entry into the Joe Biden push-up
challenge now I was surprised by the
comments because I didn't realize that
there are so many people in the world
who apparently can't do 25 push-ups and
so I didn't think that that would be
impressive but I keep forgetting I live
in America and people are not because
people are not hitting the gym maybe as
much as they often now I don't know that
Joe Biden couldn't beat that because as
I've said before if if you did push-ups
every day of your life even at Joe's age
he could maybe hammer around 35 I don't
know so I would actually love to see him
do it now a science politics aside let
me say this clearly I don't think Joe
Biden is the best choice for president
but
my opinion of him has gone up quite a
bit in the last few days I have to say
the more I think about his confrontation
with the with the guy in Iowa and the
the fact that he challenged him to an IQ
contest a push-up contest and may or may
not have called him fat I have to be
consistent you know if Trump had done
any of that stuff I would be laughing
and I would like it more for it so I'm
gonna apply the same standard that I
kind of like Joe but Joe Biden a little
bit better for it yeah I'll tell you
some more good things about Joe Biden
well I'm gonna run I think it's good to
say good things about the people you
don't want to be elected because it
makes you at least look like you're
you're capable of seeing both sides
that's always a good thing here's
something Joe Biden being the touch via
Sky you've ever heard of he's touchy
right to the point where there memes
about him being too touchy but he's been
in public office for like a billion
years as the touchiness guy in the world
as far as I know there's not a single me
to claim against him am i right
can you fact check me on that Joe Biden
has managed to go decades in the public
eye being the touchy guy in the planet
the least in person I mean in public and
yet I've not heard one me too complained
about him I don't think you could find
you know if you just randomly pick three
politicians from Congress do you think
you could randomly pick three
politicians in Congress that don't have
any me too allegations against them
after 50 years in office I mean it's
pretty impressive the other thing that's
impressive bad Joe Biden which again
doesn't make him a good president but
it's impressive is that he apparently
even the people on the other side the
Republicans they all agree he's a nice
guy which you think about that there's
there's literally nobody accusing Joe
Biden of a character's law think about
that
nobody is accusing Joe Biden of a
character flaw now they're saying he's
lost a step you know he's his policies
that aren't right at cetera those are
all fair things but that's pretty darn
good if you've gone that far in public
office and even your opposition likes
you and there isn't a single like
unsavory claim nor is that there's not
even a corruption claim that has
evidence I mean I guess Rudy Giuliani's
still sniffing around in Ukraine which
is hilarious to me by the way
and then lastly I'd like to compliment
him for being a good role model for
fitness because he's got a good weight
he apparently has been a lifetime
exercise guy and I I respect that but
again I don't think he's right choice
for president but he's got a lot going
on for him let's appreciate that yeah I
mentioned that Rudy Giuliani now how
funny is that there Rudy Giuliani in the
middle of all of this noise about
impeachment and Ukraine phone calls and
all that in the middle of all that
apparently Rudy Giuliani goes to Ukraine
to dig around for some you know more
dirt now ah my first impression was the
same as most of you which is what
wouldn't now be exactly the worst time
to do that and I'm thinking maybe not
because as long as he's over there
digging around what does that make you
think what what is what is your brain
irrationally and uncritically assume is
true if Rudy flew over at the very worst
time because all the attentions on it
and he's still digging around over there
for some dirt what does that tell you
well uncritically because there's no
reason to believe this is true your
brain says there must be something there
right because why would Rudy take the
risk and Supreme big risk to go over
there now and draw all that attention
make it look like there's something
going on why would he do that
well maybe maybe he would
because he thinks there's something
there maybe knows more than we do but
maybe it's just a really good way to
make us think there's something there so
you can't really know and I don't know
that there's anything there but it was
an interesting super aggressive choice
to go over there now
and I suppose if he dug something up it
would be interesting but he'll probably
just end up getting his picture taken
with unsavory Ukrainians and make
everything worse well it one of the odds
that anything comes of Rudy's trip other
than the fact that he got his picture
taken with the wrong people I got a
feeling that's where that's gonna go but
in the meantime it makes you think well
if he's over there if he's over there
there must be something there you know
or at least enough that's worthy of
looking into maybe not
Trump was funny talking about his
reversal of the ban on incandescent
lightbulbs because he talks about the
light bulbs that he said about himself
he said of course being a famed person
that's very important to me talking
about how the light bulbs make you look
he says gives me an orange look I don't
want an orange look so he says so I'll
have to change those bulbs at least a
couple of rooms where I have in the
White House now the this quote doesn't
show it but I when I saw him say this in
person he was saying you know gives me
an orange look and then he said maybe
maybe you've noticed it was they left
out the funniest part what he said well
maybe you've noticed all right so about
the push-up challenge with Biden before
I leave that my best-case scenario would
be for Joe Biden to take the challenge
and get on video and rip off 35 push-ups
on camera now I don't know if he can do
it and if he can't do it it's better if
he doesn't try but I would love that to
happen like that would be the most
motivating thing ever to watch to watch
Joe Biden do 35 push-ups on camera if he
can and I wouldn't doubt that again
it seems unlikely but I wouldn't doubt
it so there's a report that the Europe
is ratcheting up the pressure on Iran if
Iran keeps moving toward its nuclear
program in a way that looks dangerous
now here's what I have to say about that
I've said I make this point in a lot of
different contexts but it's it's always
worth repeating the psychology of
situations whether it's your personal
situation or in this case world events
the psychology of events is that we're
much more influenced by the direction of
things than by where things are if Iran
woke up today and their economy was in
the bad shape that it was and it wasn't
our fault well that's a bad example let
me just say this a better way let me
just say that in the context of the
United States having a record economy
and having a month like nobody's ever
had I think Jim Cramer has referred to
it as the best numbers he's ever seen in
his lifetime so we're having the best
economic growth in our lifetime and
largely in this country most things are
going in the right direction but in Iran
things are going in exactly the wrong
direction and every day that Iran wakes
up the Ayatollah and the citizens every
day they wake up in Iran the United
States got stronger Israel got stronger
and Iran got weaker so you don't need to
look at where Iran is or how far they
need to go before it all falls apart you
can just look at the fact that the trend
is is sort of an unbroken trend of bad
news for them and untrue unbroken trend
of good news for us so the difference
between us is growing that psychological
situation probably leads to a revolution
in Iran now some of it might depend on
whether the Iranian population really
knows that other countries are doing
well and by the way it's the same thing
with
China China is watching our economy do
well while there's poorly and the
president quite rightly with both Iran
and with China is saying I'm in no hurry
now don't you think that the president's
president Trump's strategy is exactly
right
if your country is getting better every
day and not just better setting records
we don't need to hurry on trade deals we
don't need to hurry on anything about
Iran and as of today the news is that
things are going to get worse for an if
the Europeans get serious about
squeezing them as well so it's
impossible to predict where Iran goes
but one thing we can predict is that if
the trend of them doing worse every day
every day doing worse where we do better
every day every day that that is not a
that's not a trend that can go on
forever without something breaking and
something it looks like something's
about to break in Saudi Arabia
all right Bjorn Lomborg who talks about
climate change from the perspective of
let's say economics and common-sense as
opposed to the science he tweeted today
that Denmark just passed a new climate
law so and everybody's pretty happy
about that in Denmark yeah a new climate
law look at us battling climate change
in Denmark but as born Bjorn Lomborg
points out that then it might cost
according to his estimates I guess 1 to
6 percent of the GDP in that country or
greater than 120 billion dollars so
they're gonna do some new stuff with
climate that's going to take put a hit
on their GDP of 120 billion or more and
there are no estimates abandoned
benefits but I guess Bjorn had some
estimates and he thinks that if they do
everything they plan to do in debt
it will cut the temperature in 2,100
2,100 that's a long time from now by a
ten thousandth of a degree Celsius
Celsius a ten thousandth of a degree
Celsius and they're going to punch their
economy in the face to get it
now at what point do we just say this is
a China problem can we just say that
climate change and China are really just
the same problem now you gotta throw
India in there but I think India is
probably going to work with us and maybe
be a little more serious about about the
about the world than China maybe so I
feels like just sort of a China problem
right now you know one more Holocaust
coming into China why in the world
wouldn't we ever do business with China
it just doesn't make any sense all right
apparently CNN reported that Trump is
still using his personal cell phone for
calls and Trump called them out on that
he says fake news CNN is reporting that
I am still using my personal cell phone
for calls
despite repeated security warnings and
that he said the president said this is
totally false information and reporting
Trump said I haven't had a personal cell
phone for years only used government
approved and issued phones retract and
see it and son is the reporting we stand
by our reporting so make of that what
you will
apparently the Taliban is ready to talk
again I don't know if you can get too
excited about the Taliban being ready to
talk because it's never worked before
but it's better than not you know I I
think you'd have to say it's better news
that they're willing to talk then if
they were not willing to talk
but you can't be too optimistic about
Afghanistan so here's here's a little
filter on the world if you will so
you've noticed that the anti-trump
errors and the Democrats are in their
little bubble and if you're being honest
you know that the Republicans and the
pro Trump people are in a different kind
of bubble and the two bubbles that can't
communicate it's weird and what happens
is that if you're looking at the other
bubble from your bubble you can only see
them through the you know through the
membrane of your bubble and then through
the membrane of their bubble and why
you're getting is completely misleading
so let me ask you if this seems true to
you this characterization when I see
people on Twitter ranting about the
president my non-medical opinion is that
it looks like mental illness do you have
the same do you have the same take now
I'm not saying it is mental illness I'm
saying that from the perspective of a
non-professional who of course could not
diagnose diagnose mental illness from a
distance and a stranger you never want
to do that but I'm saying the way it
registers with me yeah as just a human
being who operates in the world of human
beings when I see the Democrats complain
about the president my impression is
that it looks like mental illness now is
it true like is that actually could that
explain all this going on could it be
that half of the country is mentally ill
and doesn't know it that seems unlikely
right now when I say mental illness I
would include cognitive dissonance and
you know all that that implies so
cognitive dissonance is not a mental
illness in terms of it you know being
listed as a something that needs to be
treated but it is a condition and having
cognitive dissonance could put you in a
place where you can't handle your life
and your relationships and your mental
your mental sanity I guess as well as
you should
so I say cognitive just
is not a mental illness per se but it's
a mental condition there could be a big
problem in your life now let me say
again I'm not saying that the Democrats
who seem like they have mental problems
to me have mental problems I'm telling
you that's how it looks from my bubble
now what does it look like from their
bubble well you don't have to guess
because they say it the Democrats are
trying to explain their world in a way
that the available information is
compatible with and the way that they've
done it is they've imagined that they
can see inside the minds of choppers and
GOP and conservatives and what they can
see in there is corrupt criminal selfish
basically conman criminal illage
abhorrent behavior so when Democrats
look at the tweets and the messages and
all the things that are happening on
social media etc coming from Trump
supporters what do you think their
honest impression is that without you
know if you take politics aside because
you know we're all we tend to play a
game with politics but what do you think
in their quiet moments their honest
opinion again they're not they can't
read minds they're not medical
professionals they're not most of them
are not you know in the justice business
but what do you think they see I think
that they see criminals so you have this
weird thing and when I say criminals I
mean everything from you know grifters
to convent to people who are cheating
the system to selfish people who're
capitalists we're trying to rip off all
the money so all of those things let's
just call them criminals whether it's
actually a crime involved or not so I
think those are your two filters that
the anti-trump are look to the Trump
supporters like they have mental
illness and I mean that literally to me
it's like it's a yani Laurel thing you
know if you if you hear Yanni and I hear
a Laurel I can not hear Laurel but I can
recognize that you're you're hearing
something else but they look insane to
me but it seems unlikely that that could
possibly be true at least all of them
and then they're looking at the GOP and
saying that they're all criminals and
bad characters and I think you would all
agree that that's not an explanation of
Republicans or Trump supporters it has
nothing to do in that united stuff so
those are your two bubbles the insane
versus the corrupt neither of them are
true but it sure looks true depending on
which mumble your end all right I think
that's about all we got for today oh I
have been trying out you know the famous
saying okay Boober you're seeing that a
lot if somebody in my age range on the
bottom of the baby boomers the youngest
of the baby boomers so anybody my age or
older who's a Boomer you'll see people
dismiss their opinions with okay boomer
and as Mark Snyder started doing I don't
know who came up with it first but I've
decided to amplify it
I've been trying ok doober with a D
instead of a B ok dimmer and I've used
this a few times on Twitter and it
completely stops the conversation when
you use it correctly so it has to be
used in the context of somebody who just
said although the president is bad
character or will have reverberations
forever that the country will never
recover from and I just say ok Doomer
seems to work alright I believe that's
all I had to do all I had to talk about
today is there anything else I'm missing
anything missing
so some of you if Doomer Donny I'm just
looking at your comments a lot of you a
lot of you like the okay dimmer Canada
party boomer is Zoomer or someone under
30 yeah I like do more better all right
I'm just looking at your comments okay
do versed Scott white Lee that's funny
oh yeah there's there's a story about
there's a photo of Trump and pence
eating lunch it looks like ed Pence has
tiny little salt salt and pepper shakers
and Trump has big ones it's being called
out that the president has special big
salt shakers yeah my guess is that at
one point or another yeah maybe he said
these salt shakers are too little so you
got big ones but nobody else did
that's that's what we call news if
that's your biggest news things are
going pretty well and I think they are
so not counting a few crazy people
mm-hmm by the way this is is this how
all Democrats look to you new angry like
that
all right just kidding just kidding John
says Scott what's the name of your new
book again well thanks for asking John
it's called loser think and you can find
it everywhere books are sold
so please do anyway I'll talk to you
later