good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization would you like to take
today's experience up to levels which
nobody can even imagine or explain well
all you have to do is you got to get
yourself a cup or mug or glass a tanker
chin a canteen jug or flask of vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dopamine h
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go there is so much news today there's
barely enough time for me to solve all
the world's biggest problems but I'm
going to take I'm going to take a swing
in a few of them
okay but first announcement uh if you
are used to listening to me on
Spotify uh the recorded version doesn't
run live there but Spotify has
demonetized me now they say it has
nothing to do with me but rather there's
some system delay or something however
if I'm not if it doesn't
on Spotify you should look for it uh on
YouTube and Rumble uh it'll be recorded
on Rumble so it it hits Rumble about the
same time it hits
Spotify so we'll uh we'll see what
happens there um supposedly they simply
haven't rolled out the the what they
call the Ambassador ads the thing you
read they gets you
monetized so we'll see if that's really
a system problem or not um um how would
you like me to solve two of the biggest
problems in the world and maybe in your
personal life say yes oh okay since
you're begging me I will tell you
problem number one the war in
Ukraine is going to cause probably a
global wheat
shortage would you all agree that that
seems likely no matter what happens
there it's the the big wheat breed
basket of the world so if I could solve
that
problem that would be a good win
wouldn't it now secondarily there's this
other problem that uh Americans feel
like crap and they have terrible
inflammation so in my uh locals
community over on the locals platform I
told them of course about my own
experience of cutting bread out of my
diet here in America apparently our our
wheat and bread is a little different
than in other places but I was
almost you know I mean I was almost a
wheelchair honestly for the last two
years uh even though I could still keep
up my normal life it hurt all the time
the
inflammation uh the stiffness I just
thought I was getting old but when I cut
bread it all went away if you want to
know how bad it was before I took bread
out of my diet if something was on the
floor and I needed to pick it up I had
to do a lot of thinking about it like
honestly I would stand there and look at
it and
go I don't know if that's worth bending
over that's going to hurt like hell it
would really really hurt just to bend
over and almost anything else getting on
of bed was just a nightmare for about a
year and I quit bread and it went away
completely my sinuses cleared up uh I
can
Sprint you I went from there's no way I
could you know do a slow jog it would
just hurt too much to I take the dog to
the park and we just do Sprints
basically and and it's easy even at my
current age now so I thought to myself
well this could be just something about
me I actually thought it might be I
thought it might be some just specific
allergy that I had so as an experiment I
asked my followers in the local locals
platform to just see if they if they
were willing voluntarily to take a month
without bread now not everybody would do
that of course but quite a few people
did and so I just checked in after a few
weeks of no bread to ask them what their
experience
was oh my
god their inflammation went away people
people dropped weight like without
effort just the weight just fell off
that's what happened to me I as soon as
soon as I stopped eating bread my weight
with no other effort I didn't do
anything else different just drifted
right down to my perfect my exact target
uh
weight so here is a solution to the two
biggest problems in the
world or two of them maybe not the
biggest but if you have inflammation
problems or weight
problems or even some you know uh let's
say dig estive
problems I would suggest the following
just as a personal
experiment try taking a month off of
bread now that includes you know
pastries and any you know pastas it
include pasta I would say so just stay
away from anything with wheat see what
happens for a month I'm not your doctor
can we can we be clear about that I'm
not your doctor and I'm not making a
scientifically backed claim what I am is
somebody who always recommends that
you're experimenting with your own
situation so if you're not continuously
experimenting with putting things in and
out of your diet you should it's a
really really good system you I've been
doing it for most of my adult life I
test test test can I find something
that's healthy but also you know cost
the right amount and you know and it's
good to eat so never stop doing that if
it turns out that you don't need wheat
products well then there'll be a lot
more wheat for people in other countries
who maybe are not getting the uh the
stuff that's got additives in it so it
doesn't seem to be dangerous in other
places it seems to be an American
phenomenon anyway uh but a more
important story is that a Kansas uh city
manager uh he got
suspended probably get fired because
staffers were sent an email showing him
masturbating on a couch
now apparently he didn't send it around
but somebody must have seen it online
and wanted to out him as a person who
masturbates on the
couch now I read that story
and uh I feel like I feel like the real
victim is the
couch you know nobody talks about the
couch but nobody's really going to want
to sit on that couch ever again and we
don't we don't really think about the
feelings of the
couch um we don't know if he was a couch
asexual we don't know if when they say
he was quote masturbating on a couch was
he sitting on a couch while masturbating
or was he you know masturbating on the
couch so that would suggest that the
couch was his uh sort of the source of
his arousal so he might be a couch
asexual which would cause a problem cuz
you You' have to add a c to
lgbtq and then it would be lgbtq C
plus but the most important part of this
story is I skipped my joke from The Last
Story damn it I had a really good joke
for that wheat inflammation
thing it goes like this oh it's worth it
I'll double back it's worth it I believe
if I ask you to quit wheat because it
might make you feel better I could be
accused of
I could be accused of misin
flammation mhm yeah Mis
inflammation I stole that joke from one
of my local subscribers here who was
very clever this
morning all right there's another Soros
prosecutor who been a victim of crime uh
Soros back da Jason Williams and New
Orleans he got carjacked at
gunpoint got carjacked at gunpoint
so he was one of the prosecutors who
wanted no bail and alternatives to
prison and stuff like that but he got
carck a gunpoint and he says looking
down the barrel of the
gun the hole in that Barrel looks bigger
when you're looking down it now I have
looked down the barrel of a few guns
I've had guns pointed at my my head and
I can confirm the size of the gun looks
bigger when it's pointed at your head
absolutely true if you've never had
anybody put a gun right to your face a
loaded gun you don't know how big they
are until you see them up close even the
small
guns anyway this uh makes the conspiracy
theorist in me wonder since this seems
to be um a repeated story you know it
just happened my local Soros backed
prosecutor also was a victim of a crime
recently and it made me
Wonder this is just conspiracy theory
stuff do you think there's some
billionaire who is paying Street
criminals to Rob
specifically uh Soros back
prosecutors because they keep getting
robbed on the
street and I say to myself I would
certainly not want to encourage anybody
to you know pay for somebody to commit
crimes that would be ter
terrible and
awesome but
terrible I do not recommend that anybody
do that it would be illegal first of all
very illegal it would be dangerous super
dangerous and
awesome but don't do it because of the
danger no matter how awesome that would
be I'm not recommending it
dangerous um did I talk about Trump's
education plan is College
Plan uh the more I think about it the
more I love it so Trump came out with a
video saying he wants to create this
American college which would be online
free to everybody and wouldn't have
presumably the woke nonsense and you
wouldn't have debt and the government
would be uh would accept your degree as
if you were accredited which would give
it some weight the government does not
do accreditation but at least if there's
somebody who would treat it as though
you were
accredited that's a good thing so I love
everything about that plan especially if
it ties in with AI Etc but I thought
um I would mention a couple other plans
he
has so he also has the plan for the
mentally ill to build facilities to get
them off the street now that seems like
a complete solution
likewise his education plan which he
well he thinks he could fund it by suing
the endowments of big colleges I don't
know how that works exactly but um so
the funding is a little uh up in the air
but it doesn't look like it'd be the
most expensive thing in the world if the
government had to fund it and in fact I
feel like they could turn it
into uh you know a model where people
would compete to sell their Li license
to the government's American college
your perfect situation would be if teams
of Educators let's say one is as a
teacher one is a really good presenter
which might not even be the teacher
might not be the expert but just a
really good presenter you you pair that
with a really good uh videographer some
CGI to tell the story Etc and suddenly
you've got people competing to make the
best online product the one that teaches
the best and then they can make a lot of
money because the government would buy
buy their product and put it into
production on the American college so I
like everything about the boldness of
this plan about you know it's it's out
of the out of the box thinking it's
current it's modern it fits with all of
our Trends it's just basically perfect
right you know the funding could be
worked out but otherwise it's
perfect so that's one perfect plan that
Trump has but I like also his plan to
get help for mental the mentally
ill that just seems exactly what should
happen
um and also the uh Trump idea of
building new cities on Federal Land
because there's nothing that creates a
job better than building a city from
scratch and our cities are so broken
that the ideal situation is to let the
current ones
rot or fix themselves if they can but to
actually you know create a new place
where you have some kind of control
about uh you know avoiding the worst
mistakes of the Cities so I love that um
but there's one there's one other thing
and I think Trump also mentioned this
before but suppose you wanted to compete
against all the Soros prosecutors and
the people who support them in the
public and the things they want are no
bail and really not putting in jail
people for minor
offenses suppose if you will that Trump
tried to actually top that instead of
running against it you know throw them
in jail that then it's just a fight no
don't throw him in jail you racist no
throw him in jail that that's a fight he
may might not win although it would be
more and more popular as crime Rises but
he could actually lap them and he could
do it by saying all right how about no
bail and how about no prison sentences
which is exactly what they want the only
catch is you have to go to some f in the
city and you can't
leave so until you built up a skill for
example or
you uh spent some you know a few months
there or whatever ever but I think they
have to be taken away from um the rest
of the
people maybe you could limit it actually
this would be the best
idea my understanding is that the at
least at the below the murder rate the
number of do people doing the regular
stealing types of crimes are a very
small number of people doing 90% of the
nonviolent crimes is that true that's
true right if you could just make a
place where that few perent do most of
the crime and just say look you don't
have a CH you you do have a choice of
going to jail but your alternative is to
go to this nice Farm where you'll
actually be happier than when you were
in the city and you take all those
people with thieves you put them all in
one place and you see if you can do
something with it you see if you can
help them
see if you can uh maybe let him build a
skill you you could easily imagine that
given the farming is a
skill that the people who are on the
farm might be bored and you say look you
can just sit in your room all day if you
want or you could work if you work we'll
teach you a skill and you can at least
work on a farm somewhere so there might
be a whole bunch of creative ways that
Trump could come up with a plan that's
actually more
Humane than what the Soros prosecutors
are offering and also doesn't have the
repeated crime on the innocent over and
over again so I I'm just generally
loving the boldness and the smartness of
Trump's Big
Ideas they're they're very bold and they
and they're very futuristic I mean he's
talking flying cars and AI
education right yeah he he's he's
basically looking like a young man
running for
office he's actually pulling off young
man
rhetoric while being you know an elder
Statesman so to speak so to speak that's
pretty
good in my opinion he's absolutely
crushing it right now and I think that's
to be noted
now we'll talk about the um is legal
stuff later
um so it looks
like the the Democrats are already
talking among themselves it's reported
that they might have to take a
compromise on the current immigration
Asylum laws as the tradeoff for getting
perhaps the uh Israel funding through
Congress so it looks like that might be
part of a deal you know you you pull
back on the immigration Asylum and maybe
you get the funding for Israel now what
was the old way they used to do that
wasn't the old way they'd build an
omnius package and they just throw
everything in one and then nobody could
say no to the parts they don't like
because it was the only way to get the
part they did like which which broke the
whole system but apparently now that we
have a new
speaker um he's at least willing
to do some deals where maybe Ukraine is
separate from Israel which is separate
from Asylum question but if you want to
do a deal we'll give you a little little
bit on Asylum for a little bit over here
and I'm
wondering if this got if the net effect
of removing McCarthy just just uh go
with me on this if the net effect you
know the biggest thing you actually
notice that's
different is that um
immigration Asylum got negotiated
away in return for some
funding that would make Matt Gates one
of the biggest Heroes of the Republic of
all
time now it's too early to say that
obviously but he's on the verge of being
one of the greatest Americans in
history because I don't know what a
bigger risk is than the current
immigration Asylum program you when you
watch what's happening in Europe are it
you know besides the
DAT the immigration uncontrolled
immigration to me looks like the biggest
problem in the
country and and if Matt
Gates just thumbed his nose to the
entire process and held tight and got us
this one thing just this one thing it's
too early to say we got it but if he fix
this one thing immigration Asylum
and he and it turns out that the Israel
money people wanted so much that they
just couldn't say
no it it honestly it would be one of the
greatest achievements in American
history for the people like just
genuinely for the benefit of the people
period so keep an eye on
that um I'm I'm probably way over way
over my uh ski so to speak and optimism
on that now now of course you know about
the Bridgeport
election uh theft there was a local
election in which the uh the ballot
boxes were stuffed the exterior drop
boxes were stuffed and it's on video and
I was looking at a Roger Stone tweet
this morning and he said uh the
Bridgeport Connecticut Democrat machine
is among the most corrupt in America
they once kept the polling places open
three extra hours to steal the
governorship from a republican uh then
Roger says stuffed ballot boxes you bet
your ass now here's the obvious question
I ask it appears to me that Roger Stone
was completely aware that this was a
corrupt uh
entity does everybody who's close to
politics you know as close as he is does
everybody know which ones are corrupt is
it just common knowledge among the
people who are you know close to the
truth cuz it feels like it might be it
might be just common knowledge that at
the local level things are totally
screwed now here's can somebody give me
a a fact check on this I read the story
quickly I was kind of in a hurry how how
did they catch the cheaters was it only
because it was on video or was there a
whistleblower was the video the only
evidence I know it was on video but was
it the only evidence
they must have somebody yeah there had
to be some witness
right irregular logs and a whistleblower
signature
match well here's the question I ask you
what happens if the Republicans have
cleverly made sure that all the
dropboxes have
video what if that's all they did they
just made sure that all of the dropboxes
had video
because if they didn't do
that that would be kind of dumb I mean
at the very at the very least there
should be a trail cam at every drawbox
at the very least
so this is
interesting so the reason they got
caught is that it happened to be on a
really clear
video and if it had not been on a really
clear
video would they have gotten away with
it
was there enough evidence without the
video so this is sort of a story about
the rest of the country isn't it like
whatever was true in this one place
presumably could be
multiplied now here's the other question
if they had successfully stuffed the
Bell box and there were no witness uh
who wanted to testify and know no
video could they have been caught would
would an audit have picked up
uh a stuffed
Dropbox I don't know how it would what
part of an audit knows that the ballot
was illegal at the time it was put in
the Dropbox I don't believe that's part
of any audit process is it so somebody
says yes and how would you do it by a
signature
match is that how you do
it all right so I got some question
marks about whether that could have been
detected
because one of that's a very important
question by the way because the
Democrats believe that cheating would be
easily
detected what do you think do does that
sound even slightly true that cheating
would be easily
detected to me that doesn't even sound
slightly true I I figure there are a
bunch of ways that could be detected but
probably a few ways they can't be
detected that that's my assumption
working assumption all
right as we get closer to the 2024
election we're about a year away now um
the the hit pieces from Democrats on any
voice on the right are just going to get
stronger and stronger uh I've told you
you can
expect probably two to three major hit
Pieces Just on me just on one person I
would expect that between now and next
November you're going to see some major
Outlets trying to take me down further
than they already have but uh today we
know that the libs of Tik Tock um the
you know the person behind that um USA
Today just did a take
down now I love the fact that when
people get hit pieces written about him
they tweet the hit piece itself not
always but that but they always
publicize the HIIT piece that's what I
always do I I always just tweet it and
laugh at it but I I remind you
just keep this in mind all the time
there's no such thing as a true news
story about a public
figure there really
isn't it just doesn't happen if it's in
the context of a hit piece there isn't
the slightest chance that it's even
trying to be balanced or accurate or in
context all right uh Christopher rufo
you know him fighting woke and
especially in the schools and in our
education system and uh the new
Republic uh wrote a hip piece on him
surprise surprise two of the most uh
successfully let's say persuasive people
on the right both had a hitpiece about
them huh big
coincidence
um so yes the new Republic said uh that
he that Christopher rufo is quote
prepare to take is dangerous ideas to
the next
level which of course he is because it's
only dangerous to idiots it's not
dangerous to America it's dangerous to
idiots because I think we could say that
fairly clearly or people with mental
problems I mean a a lot of what passes
as Democrat is just mental problems and
I'm pretty sure Democrats know it would
you agree don't you think that the the
middle- of the road Democrats are
completely aware that the people left of
them are largely dealing with just
mental illness that they think is
politics all
right Sam bankman freed who had been uh
was either number one or number two
donor to Democrats last few years well
he was found guilty of basically
everything guilty
everything I guess they ran the table on
him prosecutors did and uh I guess he'll
be uh sentenced in March do you think
he'll get jail
time because you know in the context of
Democrats wanting you know murderers to
barely get any jail time and they want
you know no bail and all that given that
his crime was
nonviolent and he's a firsttime
offender do you think that's going to
get like negotiated down to 15 months in
a you know minimum security prison with
a bunch
of you know maybe wearing a ankle brace
for a few years or something an ankle
monitor I've got a feeling that that the
sentence is going to look so
light to some of you that it's going to
be
appalling but we'll find out so we'll
we'll see I could be wrong it could
actually be a a really big sentence but
we'll see so here's one of the scariest
most appalling things speaking of the
Trump
trial uh it's the New York State Trial
about the uh alleged inflation of the
value of the Trump assets and I guess
Don Jr and Eric both uh
testified and the Attorney General
Leticia James she puts out a video
in which she's um essentially attacking
the people who
testified in the
trial saying that they were
Liars who does
that that that's wrong on a level that
is almost
unfathomable keep in
mind that various judges have a gag
order on Trump himself but the
prosecutor can do a video while the
trial is going on telling the public
that the witnesses lied now I'm not
saying they lied that's what she's
saying how is that even
legal the the case should be thrown
out the you know if there were any kind
of like
justice it seems like some Court should
look at the fact that the prosecutor is
making public statements and claims that
she's making new claims and new
allegations about the people involved in
the trial while the trial is happening
that is that is as much as opposite as
you could be to what the system is
supposed to be doing which is giving you
something like a fair
trial I feel like there should be a case
a Supreme Court case to throw this out
immediately because if that ever
happened to you put yourself in that
position imagine you had you know a u a
trial that could be maybe prison
time and the Attorney General is doing
videos about your family and the and the
witnesses it's it's wrong on a level
that I I almost can't hold it my hat
it's so
wrong so we'll see where that
goes
um
anyway uh so NBC is reporting that Obama
has been Consulting with the White House
and uh Biden's request on their policies
for
AI and so he's been the behind the
scenes advisor type now this comes from
NBC Now NBC has is often accused of
being sort of you know a government you
know Intel organ to tell you what they
want you to know but nothing else and
you know that's the allegation anyway
um so what would you make of the fact
that that particular entity would report
to us that Obama has been advising on
AI it feels like the opposite of what
they would want to
report unless unless they're trying to
minimize what you think Obama's doing by
telling you that oh yes he's definitely
advising on a few things that you'd be
happy to know he's advising on cuz you
know Biden's not all there but at least
Obama's all there and so maybe maybe
they're getting their a team to to
advise him on a highly technical issue
but is this a diversion from the fact
that Obama is probably advising on all
the issues do do you think Obama is not
talking to anybody about the other
issues
it seems to me that in the normal course
of things there would be people who work
with Biden who are close enough to
people who work with Obama that Biden
would always be familiar with what
Obama's opinion is on every topic and
you think Biden would do something that
he knew that Obama thought was
stupid he might but probably there would
be quite a quite a big impulse to not do
it CU it would be devastating if Obama
someday said you know what I wouldn't
have done
that you know if somebody ever asked him
directly would you have done that you
know honestly I wouldn't have done
that that that that would be the worst
thing that could happen to Biden so I've
got a feeling that simply knowing what
OB what Obama would do in that situation
traps Biden because he doesn't want to
be against Obama it's that would be the
the the
death of his
system
so what does Obama know about AI well I
assume he knows that uh the truth does
not help their political uh
Ambitions politi because their entire
game depends on you not knowing exactly
what's going on and we just
glitched did we just glitch on
YouTube how much of that did you
miss have you notice there there's just
certain topics that seem to make YouTube
glitch so I'm demonetized on Spotify and
and my YouTube just has a lot of
glitches probably a coincidence it
probably has nothing to do with the fact
that we're one year from an election and
shutting me the up would be the
best thing they could do that's probably
a
coincidence might be a coincidence
anyway uh the leader of Hezbollah is
going to give a speech today in Lebanon
and I think it happens uh um in about an
hour or
so I think in an hour and a half
and um I guess he's going to say whether
Hezbollah will join the fight against
Israel do you want to make any
predictions do do you think hbel is
going to say you know people upon
further consideration I think we'll set
this one
out do you expect
that if he's going to have a big
announcement it's not going to be to
tell his people to sit it out you don't
really have a big announcement for
that do
you I don't think so I think the only
reason you have a big announcement is
you're going to announce
War am I wrong am I wrong that you would
only do it if you're going to go
hard it's already happening oh is it
happening right now and he
didn't um oh it's over I guess I had the
the time wrong can you give me a um give
me an idea what in one sentence what's
the bottom line did he say uh we'll go
hard with
details he said we won oh so he's just
favoring the
attack oh it was N9
Easter he said he will teach Israel a
lesson so he's being vague but hard line
right he's going to be oh he's going to
be hard on us bases did he say
that all right same BS so basically he
wanted to backas talk hard but not be
more detailed than that so that we don't
know what he's going to do right so War
Bluster
interesting all right we'll keep an eye
on
that apparently Anthony blinken's over
in Israel trying to convince them and by
the way none of this news is reliable
you know literally nothing about the
Israel Gaza situation you should believe
is both complete and improper cont text
believe nothing from either side period
but the report is that blinkin is over
there trying to get Israel to agree to
humanitarian pauses basically pauses to
get citizens out especially foreign
citizens as if they're somehow special
um here's my take so this is just my
speculative interpretation I think
blinkin is playing good cop so that
America has a little bit you know
maintains a little bit of uh just a
little bit of moral Authority distance
from Israel because our situation in
Israel's is quite
different meaning that if what happened
to Israel had happened in the United
States we would be obsessed with a blood
Lust For Revenge you know we saw what
happened in 9/11 so we would be we would
just be
taking you know everything we could take
for Revenge but we're you know we have
the luxury of being one level removed
you know good friends but not directly
part of the attack so it does make sense
that we would set up a a good cop bad
cop situation and that Israel uh
probably wants to go at a slower Pace
than the citizens want it to
go so imagine that you're Israel and
there's there's sort of a Smart Level of
attack you know you don't want to do too
much and run into the grinder you don't
want to do too little because it gives
them time to prepare or Escape or you
know and then you lose public opinion so
Israel has the problem that their
citizens going to want them to go hard
and fast and that might not be what the
military of Israel thinks is the best
play I don't think it's the best play I
I think the the slow squeeze is by far
the best play so you bring in this good
cop Lincoln and blink gives them reasons
to slow down so that Israel can say ah
you know we really want to go hard but
we respect our you know American
Partners who are in this with us H we'd
sure like to go harder but man okay all
right we'll give you some humanitarian
you know pauses but it's not a pause to
the war it's just slowing it down a
little bit so to me it looks
intentional like it's just part of a
good cop bad cop play that if they
didn't plan it they should have because
it would have been the right
play all right
um so this part of the story
is horrible Beyond imagination and funny
at the same
time I hate to say it
but when this is all
over people are going to look at this
situation in Hamas and say the following
let me understand if I if I know what
hamas's plan was so hamas's plan was
they would dig this great um network of
tunnels under Gaza and then they would
attack Israel in a way that guaranteed a
maximum
response then they would go hide in
their tunnels
and hope that
Israel wasn't smart enough to figure out
how to kill them when they were all
underground that's right it looks like
Hamas War plan depended heavily on
Israel not having good
Engineers are you laughing
yet that might be the funniest
mistake I've ever heard in all of
military history oh the Israelis they
will never figure out how to deal with
us
underground do you know what Israel
figured
out they figured out how to turn the
tunnels into
Graves they figured out where they by
now they've closed all the exits and
entrances am I right by now they're all
closed do you know how they did it they
captured a few homas people and they
interrogated them and they found out
where all the openings were and then
they put some purple smoke down found
out where some more openings were cuzz
the smoke came out of various places
right then they watched some activity
from the air found a few more and as
they go they keep bombing the entrances
and exits they've turned off the
electricity so they're going to have to
basically have a door open to get in the
air right the tunnels are going to have
to have
exposed entrances and exits to get air
so that makes it even easier to find so
apparently Israel is squeezing and
closing
tunnels until and I guess they've
already uh cleared a hundred of them and
when I say cleared I mean they may have
collapsed them on top of the bad
guys now here's the thing that is
horrible but you may have another
feeling about it as
well the the the horror that was
perpetrated on Israel is you know beyond
literally beyond anything you even hold
in your head it was so bad their their
citizens were
tortured before being killed they W just
killed they were tortured in the worst
ways you've ever heard of anything ever
happening
anywhere Israel's military
response is to seal them in
tunnels Israel found a way to torture to
death 80% of the Hamas fighters in a
completely legal Military Way burying
them in the caves make sure that they
know they're dying and it's going to be
really unpleasant for about two days
while they run out of air and water and
food they actually found a way to
torture to death the other side
completely legally completely
transparently and to tell you that
they're doing it while they do it here's
what I imagine is
happening if you were in the military
you know in the beginning it's all kinds
of rage and things and then there's the
fighting itself in the beginning which
is terrifying and you're taking you're
taking wounded and it's just all bad
there will be a phase in the next few
weeks in which Israel has total control
above
ground and there's still a whole bunch
of fighters in the tunnels but they're
going to know where they are and they're
going to close close all the entrances
and exits and they're just going to sit
there knowing that their enemies are
dying below the ground and
someday it will be considered the
dumbest military move ever to put all of
your fighters in a
grave and then hope that nobody in
Israel could figure out what to do about
that that was their plan
am I describing it wrong that was their
actual plan was to hope that Israel
wasn't smart
enough has anybody ever won that
bet seriously in the history of the
whole
civilization who won the bet that Israel
wouldn't be smart enough come on come on
that's like the biggest boner in
military history period
there we
are all
right uh let's see uh also we we hear
that Israel dropped
leaflets on one part of West Gaza City
telling them that that's that's where
they should immediately leave because
they're going to start bombing bombing
that area in
response uh many of the young men of
that area said that they're going to
support Hamas by staying right there in
the in the death
box all right I take it back I take it
back putting your Army in Graves and
hoping that Israel is not smart enough
to figure out what to do about it might
be the second stupidest thing anybody
ever did the number one stupidest thing
is if they tell you where they're going
to bomb you decide to get all your
people right there
it it's like you couldn't make this up
now it has something to do with the fact
that one side thinks death is a
bonus so in a way everybody's winning
it's sort of a win-win scenario if
Israel kills every one of them because
they wanted to be
there who's the loser they got what they
wanted they knew what would happen
Israel got what they wanted a whole
whole lot less people support in
Hamas it's the damnest thing I've never
seen a war where both sides could win
but they've got this we'd rather be dead
than not so I guess there's a way for
everybody to
win let's talk about the economy
according to rasmuson the Republicans
hold this a huge advantage over
Democrats on economic issues
but as you will not be surprised to hear
that Advantage is almost entirely in
Independence so the people who do not
you know brand themselves with one party
or the other have you know massively
going over to the Republican side for
Economic
Security what do you think the Democrats
did no change now I'm exaggerating there
probably was a little change but
basically Democrats are supporting Biden
as their best economic um
Champion that is pure mental illness
isn't
it how is that anything but mental
illness and and here's the thing I
wonder when the founders of our system
you designed the system I don't think
mental illness was even a variable that
they
considered you know they they certainly
considered well you know land own owners
only and some racist stuff and no women
you know so they they certainly were
thinking about all the variables that
they could think of but all bet at no
point did they say you know mental
illness is going to be the big thing you
have to worry about but it is here we
are mental illness is our actual
operating system for the country instead
of separating the mentally ill we've
empowered them given them the vote let
them March they stay at of jail they can
commit crimes they they own the media
indirectly so we've actually empowered
the mentally
ill because we're too polite to say
you're obviously mentally ill you know I
guess you can't say that in
public I say it on uh on the xplatform
every day but uh Jeff Bezos is moving to
Florida he's moving out of Washington
he's moving to Florida his personal uh
residence and uh of course there's a tax
benefit so there's some kind of wealth
tax in Washington he's going to escape
it was really expensive uh but he says
it's to be near his parents because his
parents are in
Florida so that was kind of
convenient that being near his parents
gets him out of a liberal hell hole and
into a place that's
well-run I have a
hypothesis Jeff Bezos is a
republican not really I mean I'm not
saying he's register that way and I'm
not saying he would agree with you know
maybe a quarter of the things that
Republicans
like but I'll bet you he doesn't like
open borders I'll bet you he doesn't
like unrestrained
spending I'll bet he doesn't like
overregulation
a bet he doesn't like too much
taxation a bet he doesn't like lockdowns
that didn't seem to have a
benefit Betty doesn't like uh obviously
fake news uh even though he owns the
Washington Post yeah I'll take that one
back he might like fake news never know
he might like it since he owns a fake
news
entity um but I think you're going to
see a lot of prominent
Democrats
um fleeing to Republican
states because they can't right he can
just say I want to go there and then
other people do all the work and then
he's there there but you know the rest
of us can't move so
easily all right uh Eric Adams the mayor
of New York City he was on a plane on
his way to go to DC to talk about I
think the uh immigration Asylum
situation as he was on the
plane uh the
FBI raided his
campaign and there are allegations of
you know ille illegality in his campaign
that are pretty serious allegations so
he immediately turned around and went
back now why do you think it is that a
prominent
Democrat would be under serious legal
Jeopardy uh at this
time some say it's kind of a big
coincidence that he's opposing the uh
Asylum concept of his own party and so
as soon as he goes hard against his own
party
he gets investigated for a
crime you think that's an accident or is
that just a weird coincidence of
timing I have a hypothesis about
hypothesis about Eric
Adams at least in his brain he became a
republican not really I mean I'm not
saying again I'm not saying he agrees
with all Republican policy and I'm not
saying he's going to announce and I'm
not saying he's going to change his uh
his party
affiliation but I guarantee he likes the
Republicans a little bit more today now
when you see this weird coincidence of
timing that he's getting in his campaign
is being investigated at just the time
he's becoming a problem for the
Democrats well it makes me wonder if uh
I forget who it was somebody prominent
said recently the 7 5% of politics is
blackmail that what you think is unusual
behavior and you don't know what's going
on is literally black now now here's
here's the system we have and I would
argue that it guarantees that our
political system becomes a blackmail
based political system it's guaranteed
the system requires it here's how it
works you create you create an entity
that can monitor anybody doing anything
so that's what our intelligence people
can do they can monitor anybody doing
anything they don't need much of an
excuse to do it now once you can monitor
to everybody and everything you also
know all the crimes and bad behavior and
sexual you know stuff about
everybody you you don't think the
government knows uh Eric Adams browser
history sure they do if they want to
yeah all they'd have to do is want to
and they could so if you have an entity
the an intelligence let's say blob uh
that can find out anything about any
politician how long does it take before
all the
politicians have to do with the
intelligence blob tells them to
do it's
guaranteed it's not it's not a worry
that oh I worry this could turn into
this the system the way it's designed
it's engineered to guarantee black male
becomes the dominant uh political
variable in our
country do you think that Biden is not
being
blackmailed does anybody believe he's
not being
blackmailed to me it's
obvious he he acts like a blackmailed
guy and it's also the only explanation
for how he got elected that he was black
mailable nothing else makes sense the
the only thing that fits the facts is
that Biden is is a one of many not
unique probably one of many blackmailed
people that's what I think do you think
uh Obama had any secrets that would make
him
blackmail that's a rhetorical
question I'm going to say yes all right
but not because he's not because he's
some you know special kind of you know
bad character I'm pretty sure 100% of
the top politicians could be blackmailed
with one thing or another their personal
life or their financial
life so that's what I assume is the case
uh Elon Musk announced that his version
of AI I guess he's calling it X AI uh
will be out tomorrow tomorrow to some
select group and he said in important
respects it's the best that currently
exists now that's interesting and it
opens up the following question what
happens when our
AIS
disagree and what happens when one of
them is woke and one of them is not
because you know that they're they're
going to be forced right if let let me
just say this is obvious if Elon musk's
version of AI started acting all
woke would he just let that
go or would he put a thumb on it and say
o we don't want it to be stupid woke
that's a that's a flaw so we'll get rid
of that just put in some lines of code
to get rid of it but if you are let's
say a different AI by a left leading
group of people and it's not woke enough
what are they going to
do put their thumb on it make a little
bit more
woke guaranteed the system guarantees
that will happen because the people
involved in the technology and it's
obvious so you can end up with a
Democrat
Ai and something that's either
independent or some people will say
right leading AI because I don't believe
musk is right um I I don't associate him
with any rightwing I associate him as
independent which is dangerous enough so
I think there'll probably be a woke
version and something like an
independent version that the woke people
will call far right that's what I think
so if you thought that black that uh
sorry if you thought that AI would be
our solution to our bias it's going to
be the
opposite it's just going to be competing
biases again
I don't think it's going to clear up
anything and certainly uh the people in
charge could not allow it to be smart
because AI if it were smart in a genuine
way would start telling you what's true
and what isn't and the system can't
survive that we have a system that
depends on people being Bamboozled the
whole thing falls apart if you knew what
was
true
unfortunately that's that's just the
case
so we'll see what happens with
that
um I saw a uh tweet by Bindu ready who
is a CEO um based on the profile is
she's a CEO somewhere in the AI space
some company I didn't recognize but it
looks like she knows what she's talking
about and I say that because she agrees
with me completely and that's a pretty
good sign that somebody's thinking
right do you use that standard do you
judge people's intelligence by how much
they agree with you oh it's a good
standard we don't have any choice it's
the only way we can do it like what
what's the other way you can do it there
isn't really all right so here's what uh
Bindu ready says and just based on this
opinion
alone you should keep an eye on Bindu
Bindu knows some stuff all right so I'm
just read um bendo's post prediction we
are soon going to prove that llms that's
the large language models that drive the
AI today will reach a ceiling when they
match human level intelligence and
search engine level
retrieval uh there will be nowhere else
to go after that that's it that's all AI
can ever be capable of in bold it's all
it can ever ever be capable of and there
is no chance of a AI becoming a quote
super intelligent or whatever other
doomsday scenario some folks are
imagining no chance it will destroy
Humanity bindo goes on AI is going to do
the heavy lifting for us and we humans
will supervise this is the most logical
conclusion given our understanding of
llms the burden of proof should be on
the AI doomers there is no proof that
some quote super intelligence exists or
can exist in the new known
universe or can
exist that is absolutely accurate as of
our current understanding now what it
leaves out and I also sometimes leave
this out so let me put it in you never
know what the future
holds you can't really predict the
future that's not quite a thing so the
part where I agree with Bindu 100% is
that the current version of just looking
at human intelligence in the form of
language that's been spoken can never
get you to something that's smarter than
the thing you trained
on not in any substantial way but if
somebody invents a whole new kind of
thinking then maybe you know I I
wouldn't rule it out but I see no path
to it but the fact that I don't see a
path to it doesn't mean it can't
happen Scott anonymous source Adams are
you drunk
already you you you post like you're
drunk all
right so that's it what bind do is
saying is exactly what I've been telling
you and have I ever mentioned that you
could check with the
experts or you could just ask me
and I'll you know I'll save you like a
year now can you confirm this is exactly
what I've been saying right would would
you confirm that for the other
people yeah okay there's your
confirmation so it doesn't mean we're
both right but it does mean that
somebody who knows a whole lot more than
I do about AI is in
agreement well our fenel deaths are up
to about a quarter million cumulatively
over the last few years and I remind you
of my mother saying that you can get
used to anything including hanging if
you do it long
enough and this is a perfect example of
that imagine if you will that there were
a terrorist attack on American soil
tomorrow and 1,000 Americans were
brutally
slaughtered America would spend and you
know we would $1 trillion
or more to address that problem am I
right we we would open the bank and we
would just spend like there was no money
left 911 style Pearl Harbor style but we
know us if something happens on our soil
we go batshit crazy we open the wallet
and we spend like there's never been
anything you spent on before it will
kill anything kill anybody and anything
to address the problem that would be for
a th000 people dying at the same day
1,000 people what do we do when
250,000 people die from the same cause
and it's a malign cause that's you know
the Nexus of China and the cartels what
do we do in that
case not much not much it's because it's
because it's over time our brains treat
you know a thousand dying on one day as
a whole different level much worse than
a quarter million
dying that is just
broken that's just
broken yeah so
um I'm going to quote uh Dr Mike
Bert um a wise uh user on X and also in
the uh Scott Adams Community on locals
and Dr Mike Burke says uh uh follow the
money now we talk about the the amount
of fenel deaths that have been
unaddressed he goes follow the money
taking out the financial Nexus of the
nation is a problem but taking out those
who are at net Financial drain isn't a
problem
wow that's the whole that's the whole
whole
story that is the whole
story we need Mexico for trade we need
China for trade at least for
now but we don't
need the human beings who are dying from
fenel nearly as much because I hate to
say it but they do represent a class of
people not everyone not everyone not
everyone
but they do they are a class of people
who do not add as much as they subtract
from the from the the
system if those uh quarter million
people were all
uh millionaire donors to the Democratic
party I'm pretty sure we wouldn't be
talking about
this this problem would have been solved
somehow somehow it would have been
solved but they're they're absolutely
the people who are addicted are almost
certainly not earning as much money and
paying their way as any other group of
people randomly
chosen I I I hate how accurate this
interpretation is that is probably just
money and the people dying are not net
adders of money to the United States and
that's why that's why we let them
go so keep in mind Thomas Massie is in a
little uh fight with APAC that would be
the uh um Israel backing super pack I
guess would that be a good
description it's a pack in America that
promotes Israel stuff all right so uh
APAC is called Thomas Massie
representative Massie uh anti-semitic
because he opposed uh the funding bill
for
Israel for the current situation now if
you know Thomas Massie he opposes uh
funding bills on principle for a variety
of reasons but there's always like a
good system reason I got really mad at
him the first time he did it because he
stopped something that Trump wanted to
do a number of years ago and and I like
I just came unhooked because like Jesus
how how could you be such a
to do something that was so clearly
beneficial and like you're the only one
voting against it and so I didn't I
didn't get him but
now uh now I notice that he's very
consistent and he votes against spending
our money in other countries unless you
got a really really good reason like it
benefits America for example so he was
one of the votes against it and a Pac
called him anti-semitic here's what I
think think I think APAC needs to watch
their persuasion
game because this is BLM level
persuasion and that's not a compliment
this is Bully persuasion and you're
doing it right in front of us you're
you're bullying American
politicians to do what Israel wants
Israel wants which in many cases you
know is very compatible with what
America wants but he's stay on
principal you better deal with his
principal you better deal with
him on the level that he's talking the
principle you better argue that because
if you're just going to try to smear him
and take him out because he doesn't
agree with your
opinion not good so now you're you're in
my eyes APAC and BLM are now just the
same people they're they're
people just bullying because they can
they're using their power because they
can and um I think we should call them
out on that now at the same time I'm
100% pro-israel in terms of their right
of Defense Etc so I'm not I'm not
disagreeing with APAC I'm actually on
the same side as APAC but you don't get
to do this in our country it's not cool
and if you do I mean I guess it's legal
but if you do don't try to keep your
moral Authority your moral Authority is
 gone if you go after an American
for trying to protect America that's so
I'm I'm all Thomas Massie on this and
APAC has some explaining to do I think
and some apologizing honestly I think
they owe an apology to Congress and to
the American people I believe APAC owes
us a apology for
this right now again I'm still in favor
of you know Israel doing what it needs
to do
but don't make an enemy don't make an
enemy out of your friends by pushing too
hard big
mistake all right um do you think that
I'll get taken
out do you realize I just put a Target
on my back
right
yeah the the odds of a hip piece on me
just went through the roof do you think
think APAC knows anybody in the uh press
do you think they have any friends in
the in the business press who they might
be whispering to you know this guy's
kind of being a problem to us I think
you should write a
headpiece so should a HIIT piece come
out soon about me pay attention to what
entity put it
out it won't be
random it will be an entity that you
know you're you're accustom to the way
they operate I think that's what'll
happen just gives you more power well
I'm I'm willing to play this
game um I'm willing to play the game
that if you don't take me out I get more
power but you might take me out but if
you
don't maybe that's not ideal for you so
this ladies and gentlemen is the live
stream of the day probably the best
thing you'll see today on every single
topic and uh did I miss
anything yeah Massie and ticktock yeah I
think he he's in favor of you know
Freedom so I think he he's in favor of
done that as long as Massie stays on
principle
[Music]
um I can't can't get mad at it I can't
get mad at principal if he's the only
one doing it you know um I do think
sometimes you have to do things that are
just practical and that his principle
will get in the way of some things that
are just practical so there going to be
times I think you should bend his
principal because that's the real world
in the real world everybody has to bend
their principles a little bit but I
don't
hate that there's one person who keeps
telling you what the principle is right
just a reminder all right maybe I'm not
going to vote for you but I just want to
remind you what the principle is I do
like that that's good
stuff all right oh uh yes I'm seeing a
question that I've wondered myself why
do why do we give money to Israel does
Israel not have borrowing
power and why are we not talking about
that is Israel um at its level of uh
Beyond its debt level because we are the
United States is already Beyond its
probably Beyond its repayment
ability so why would we be paying
somebody else's
Bill if the way they would fund it is
also through debt but it would be their
debt instead of our debt now unless
unless they're on the brink of complete
destruction by
Tuesday we're we're on a path to
complete destruction C by your own debt
so what makes what what is even the
argument for why the US should take on
more debt instead of the country that
has the most skin in the game I actually
don't even know what the argument is do
you do you now if you tell me uh Ukraine
needs our help because they can't borrow
money and repay it I would say oh I get
that yeah there's who who would give
Ukraine a loan would you would you give
Ukraine alone Ukraine needs a gift to
survive and I'm not saying I'm promoting
more money for Ukraine I'm saying that
from a mechanical perspective they don't
have another option either people are
going to give them money or they will
have no money but is that the case with
Israel if we didn't give them money they
could not borrow money sufficient to get
them through this
phase it might be true I'm just asking
for a fact and
and ask yourself
this which part of the news asked the
question that was just asked here which
news program asked the question why
can't Israel borrow the money
itself have you seen that haven't seen
it on the left haven't seen it on the
right do you want to guess why nobody's
going to say that take a
guess
APAC what would APAC say to Fox News if
Fox News said you know they have
borrowing power we have borrowing power
why are they using our borrowing power
instead of their own borrowing
power like how does that even make sense
what what's even the argument maybe
there's an argument it's entirely
possible that there's like a really
strong argument for it what is
it how would nobody include that in the
news how is that not the biggest part of
the story said see here's what the news
is doing they're they're making you
think past the
sale they're trying to say should we
approve it or not approve it in
Congress that's the wrong question the
question is should it be there at all
should they even be debating how to pay
somebody else's bill when the somebody
else can pay their own
bill the debate should be can Israel
afford it on its own if you're having
that conversation that's that makes
sense if you're having the conversation
of you know when and how much do we pay
you you've gone right past the question
and the only reason I can imagine that
that would happen was in the US the
industrial you know military-industrial
complex wants to guarantee that any
funding that Israel has gets applied to
buying American weapons am I right don't
you think that any funding from America
would come
with some implied or specific
requirement that we buy everything from
American companies or Israel buys it
probably I mean that that's the way that
usually works that would be the normal
way they do it but if Israel came up
with its own money it could buy from
American suppliers or it could buy from
someplace else if it's cheaper so maybe
that's why America cares that it's just
a scam remember I told you that probably
American politicians are all blackmailed
if if Biden is
blackmailed and our intelligence people
are affiliated with the industrial
military complex then they are
blackmailing him to give American money
to
Israel because that American money to
Israel is more likely going to be tied
to buying their
products give can you give me another
even speculate can you give me another
hypothesis of why we'd be paying their
bill
I can't think of
one you know the only the only way I can
think of it is that Israel is just being
smart and and they're thinking under
these scenar under this scenario could
we get America to give us a whole bunch
of money for
nothing and maybe they sat around and
said I think we
could so let's just try and then it
works so it could be it could be nothing
but Israel saying well well it doesn't
hurt to ask and by the way I recommend
this for everybody I if this is what's
happening that the entire thought
process in Israel is something like
wouldn't hurt to ask then I'm totally in
favor of that it doesn't hurt to ask so
if they ask then they get it good job
asking that's a that's a lesson for
everybody you don't know ask find out
what happens so it might be that could
be that that
entirely all
right um the money isn't real
yeah and now that we know that Tick Tock
is uh
completely uh on the side of well the
Palestinians but some will say Hamas um
and not in favor of Israel hello how
long is tiktock going to
last now that Israel definitely wants it
dead I think they do would wouldn't
Israel want ticktock to die because it's
so anti-israel from their perspective
that I don't know how they can keep it
alive so imagine if you
will that the Israeli Lobby starts
lobbying the US Congress to dump Tick
Tock they should that the the most
the the wisest strategic thing that
Israel could do would be to Lobby the US
to ban Tik Tok that would be the
smartest thing by the way is IT band in
Israel Tik tok's legal in Israel right
probably because it's free
country all
right um that's all I got for you today
YouTube best show you've ever seen and I
will talk to you tomorrow