[Music]
I'm sure this will
work this will totally
work today is
79 oh hell I thought it would work but
it's not I'll make it work
don't you love watching me make my
technology work every
morning you know I do the same thing
every morning You' think it'd work the
same every
morning I don't know what's up with that
also can't figure out why there's a
weird there we go there we go
everything's back online now we're doing
good
now good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
I'm pretty sure you've never had a
better time in your whole life but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels in which nobody with their tiny
human smooth brains can even understand
all you need for that is a cuper marker
a glass of tanker chel a Canen sugar
flask or vess of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
of the dopamine here the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous hip
go
Sublime well if you're not subscribing
to the dilber comic which you can only
see on XY subscription or on Scott
adams. locals.com where you can see that
plus lots
more um you would know if you're
watching it you would know that uh I'm
playing around with some of the uh
Cartoon
reality so dillberg got
lasic uh you're going to have to figure
out how that goes but I'm doing a lot of
things where I'm sort of bending that
fourth wall they say you know merging
merging reality with Comics it's a good
time doing crossovers all the stuff I
wanted to do all my career that I
thought was funny but my editor would
say you no you don't want to cross that
fourth wall you know don't make it look
like it's a comic make it look like it's
reality but sometimes I like both well
did you know that the benefits of coffee
just keep coming there's another study
peer-reviewed it's peer-reviewed people
peer
reviewed uh that that drinking coffee
makes you live longer helps with your
diabetes it helps with your heart
disease your liver your cancer it helps
with your colon in your breasts it helps
you with your thyroid well I'm sure it
helps with your genitalia they just
don't put that in the article because
they don't care
but uh apparently drinking coffee
because it's a plant-based diet is as
good as a Mediterranean
diet now I don't think that's
necessarily true but since I like coffee
I would like to give you the uh let's
say the understanding of how data works
now I used to do a lot of work with data
in my corporate days that was my job I
would collect a bunch of data I put it
in reports usually Financial but it
could be other stuff too I was always
collecting data and making reports and
one of the things I learned is the only
use for data is when it agrees with your
boss all other data will be ignored or
reformulated until it does
agree and uh that's it there's no such
thing as as accurate data there's only
data that agrees with your boss or
doesn't agree with you boss and that's
it that's the whole world if you don't
understand that you'll be continually
confused why data doesn't seem to make
sense and you know it doesn't agree with
what you observe and you know you'll be
all all confused all the time it's
really easy people use data that agrees
with them and they ignore data that
doesn't there's no such thing as good
data not in this
world all
right um I've got a hypothesis that
since our government is completely
useless most of our problems can only be
solved by
technology in other words you're on your
own
folks you remember I used to talk a lot
about fenel because I had a tragedy in
my family
and I thought you know attack the
cartels and close the border and I know
do this and that and now I'm completely
off of it because to me it's obvious
that it's the problem is coming from
inside the house meaning that there's
somebody in the US government who wants
the borders open is probably taking
money or get some other benefit from the
cartels I don't know what the
arrangement is but it's pretty obvious
that we have an arrangement with the
cartels or whoever has control over the
Border has arrangement with the cartels
it's open for a reason right it's not
accidentally open so the government
isn't going to help you with fentanyl
would you agree we we can say at this
time with confidence Trump isn't going
to help you Trump is going to do zero on
fenel he might make some noise about oh
let's send the military in but then
there'll be a reason we don't or if we
do it'll be some limited strike and
they'll just reconstitute itute so Trump
isn't going to do anything about fenel I
think he wants to I think if he could he
would but there's nothing to do because
he doesn't control the
Border CIA does and he doesn't control
anything about the
cartel so nothing's going to happen but
here's what might happen there's a new
study UCLA health study shows that an
insomnia
drug um helps to prevent opioid
Addiction in
mice so if you are worried about the
mice being addicted worry no more
there's a there's a drug that can save
your mice we don't know if this will
work with people but it's a drug for
treating
insomnia and they think it changes your
receptors so that your opioid addiction
could be lessened if it works with
people so this this is the sort of thing
that will save us if there's anything
that's going to save us from fent
somebody's going to invent something
that either get you as happy as fenel
without the downside or it'll make the
fentanyl less of a
problem uh there's another thing too
called compound 368 so two things in the
news at the same time they're in the
same area so it could help reverse
opioid
overdosis but you know they they've got
this drug uh that you take if you're
having an over
overdose but apparently this new
compound can make that drug uh last a
long time instead of only working when
you administer it so if you make it work
a long time it can neutralize the
fenel even before you take it and I
guess it can last a little while now I
don't think either of these is going to
be the answer but it's the point is if
you have lots of people trying different
scientific things to work on Fentanyl
there's a pretty good chance somebody's
going to get it now I'm seeing in the
comments also there's a lot of reason to
think that addiction can be treated with
psychedelics so the
government probably won't go destroy the
fenel trade because they either don't
want to or
can't but I do think there's a really
good chance that somebody's going to say
hey I can get rid of your addiction with
this drug or this process or
something like that so let me say as
clearly as I can when it comes to
fentanyl citizens are completely on your
own if you're waiting for the government
which I mistakenly did for a while
because I thought they could do
something they're not the government
will never do anything about fenel you
are on your own which might be okay
because citizens might be able to come
up as something that the government
can't so I sometimes I think the
government the only point of politics in
the government is to stall until
technology fixes something here's
another
example um if you think climate change
is a problem and by the way I'd invite
the NPCs uh I this is an NPC topic if
you are an NPC and you're not
sure uh one of the ways you can find out
is by the comment that you're about to
leave so the NPCs will reliably leave a
comment very specific comment I'll tell
you what it is when I see it
uh when I tell you the story there's a
brand new development in carbon storage
for sucking CO2 out of the air and
storing it and it's a
non-chemical process which makes a real
big difference so doesn't use the
harmful chemical accelerance
so University of Texas at Austin has
this faster method for capturing it and
putting it in the ocean
somehow now
um let's see there we go Dean Anderson
LOL CO2 is plant food CO2 is plant food
CO2 is plant food that is the NPC
comment not that your NPC is because I
think you just knew what I was looking
for yeah if your comment is but CO2 is
plant
food you might be an NPC it is plant
food I'm not saying it's not true but
it's in the category if I were to say
for example
um there are many good forms of
exercise what would the NPC
say swimming is the best form of
exercise right that's what the NPCs
say if I say there's a new food food
source that gives you all the nutrition
but it's you know some kind of a pill or
a goop what would you say if you're an
NPC soil and green that's what You' say
so that's how to know if you say any of
those three things
non-ironically you know no if you're if
you're joking is fine but if you thought
you know what would you know what would
really help this conversation I don't
think everybody knows that swimming is a
good form of exercise I better put that
in
there oh oh they're talking about taking
CO2 out of the air I don't think that
people know that plants need CO2 I'd
better put that in there good did my
job well this is hilarious according to
to the guardian uh meta you know the
Facebook parent company meta it claims
that the news is not an antidote to
misinformation so they got a problem
with
misinformation but meta is also not
renewing some of its licenses for news
entities so they're not going to pay for
news you know the official kind of news
but anybody can post anything they want
you know within reason so they give some
push back and meta says that uh no the
news is not what's going to fix
misinformation now when you read that
you slap your head you go my goodness
how could they think that the news
doesn't correct all those conspiracy
theories and misinformation to which I
say it looks like meta is actually
living in
2024 hey good job
Zuck Zuckerberg actually knows what year
he's living in
which doesn't seem like a high bar I
mean he's a brilliant guy but he
understands that the news is fake now he
didn't say that but if you say that news
doesn't correct
misinformation you're kind of saying
that you're kind of saying that the news
is no longer a credible source of
knowledge do you know why he would say
such a thing or why meta would say such
a thing without saying it they didn't
say that directly but do you know why
they would indicate such a thing because
it's 100% obviously true if you want to
be
misinformed isn't there a famous saying
like that if you want to be uninformed
don't read the news if you want to be
misinformed read the
news you can only be uninformed or
misinformed your two options that is
literally True by the way that's not
that's not a like a joke the news is a
Mis misinformation
vehicle well a survey rasmuson did a
survey on uh who's trusted more to
handle
inflation and it's Republicans by a big
margin 53% trust Republicans compared to
37% who trust Democrats on that key
issue
now isn't it weird to you that Trump is
leading by law on every issue that's a
key
issue and that we're still talking about
we don't know who's going to win the the
election
um I'm seeing some funny comments on on
the locals
platform all right so um does it
surprise you that Republicans seem like
they'd be better on inflation better on
Ukraine better
on immigration better on the
economy what else is
there what else is
there do you know we don't need a uh a
survey
on we don't need a poll to find out who
the public thinks would be better on
fenel we don't need that because they're
both useless there's nothing they can do
you're on your
own all right um I continue to be amused
by David axelrod's weird situation which
is that he's one of the
smartest U let's say political minds and
all of the
country but certainly in the Democrat
Party and he's also an older white guy
which means he can't get anybody to
listen to him in the Democrat Party and
so he's using the xplatform to kind of
gently release some of his frustrations
you know without actually just
registering as a trump supporter which I
suppose would be hard but here's what he
said today he goes ask every one of the
Democrats who publicly dismiss polls as
unreliable today whether they regularly
take them in their own campaigns and
make strategic decisions
accordingly yes of course everybody
believes polls when the polls go their
way and everybody says they're
unreliable when they don't what does
that sound like that sounds like just
what I told you David axod is telling
you the same thing I'm telling you that
people there's no such thing as good
polls and bad polls there's only ones
you agree with with and then ones you
don't agree with now there's no such
thing as good data there really isn't
it's just stuff you like and stuff you
don't once you learn that everything
starts making
sense when you when you think that
there's something like accurate data and
that one group is ignoring it and the
other group is paying attention you get
so frustrated because you think why look
at the
data look at the science look at the
data and then your blood pressure goes
up and you get diabetes and you
die unless you're drinking coffee and
then you'll be fine probably
superhuman but how frustrating it is to
imagine that there's such a thing as
accurate data and there some people are
ignoring it if you're living in the
there is accurate data world you're in a
low level of
awareness in which everything is
maddening
once you're free yourself from the idea
that there's any such thing as good data
there's only motivated data whoever gave
you the data had an
opinion whoever provided the data had an
opinion you know what else they had a
need to eat they had a need to eat and
if they said you know what it's my job
to get you data but it's not really
possible for one reason or another to
give you accurate
data then your boss says oh I guess we
don't need you then so what do you do
you give them data and you tell them
it's accurate because you're paid to do
that yeah there's no such thing as real
data not accurate
data all right uh Christy gnome unless
there's an update on this yesterday
Christy gnome
suspiciously deleted all of her official
accounts on X but kept her personal ones
personal one account what do you think
that's about
is it because some people say she's
preparing to run for or that she's
preparing to be named vice president how
many people think that's what's
happening I'm going to say no the reason
I don't think this you'll be named vice
president by Trump is that it doesn't
look like a good
Peck I I don't think it'd be a strong
pick I I don't know why anybody think
it'd be a good idea so I don't think
she's vice
president but what is it well it could
be just fed up with social media it
could be as simple as that maybe
spending too much time looking at it and
it's bad for your mental health so it
could be just good mental
hygiene
possibly but um I just think it's a
coincidence that if she were named vice
president you'd have uh a dog shooter in
the contest you'd have Kennedy who is
accused of being a dog eater and you'd
have Joe
Biden Joe Biden is there anything funny
I could show
you that would make it look
like it would fit into this story oh
yeah it's a meme uh it's an Old Yeller
meme in which Biden is Old Yeller the
dog and if you don't see it it's a
picture of Joe
Biden superimposed over Old Yeller the
dog's face
and the child who ends up having to kill
his own dog or somebody kills it
uh and then meme is you you know how it
ends you know you know how the movie
ends his own team is going to shoot him
and they're they're in the process of
trying to take him out of the race right
now all right well that was worth a
laugh um so I don't know what's
happening with chrisy gome I would say
it looks like she's
struggling you know she I I I would
think she's just having a tough time and
maybe she just needed to do that for you
know to uh catch your breath so to speak
so she's had you know lot of issues with
rumors about everything from her
marriage to her dog that she
shot uh I think she's just going through
a tough time if I had to guess I would
say it' be related to just taking
temperature down in her in her
life that's my guess well as you know uh
the Democrats are busily trying to
import or have imported 22 million
people in couny people will dispute that
number but it's a number I see 22
million it's a bunch uh that would be
more than the margin of the largest
margin of any presidential
election so the the most any president
has beaten another presidential
candidate candidate versus candidate is
by about 17 million votes but 22 million
people are brought in who potentially
could be registered to vote which is a
whole separate
question
so here's a question I'd ask if if it
looks like and you know Elon Musk says
this and basically everybody on the
right says this that the entire
plan was to bring in a bunch of
noncitizens that would either Vote or
their ballots would be available for
somebody to harvest or at least they
would create new citizens in places that
would give you more electoral votes so
that it's really all about a giant play
for Democrats to keep power Forever by
creating a super majority that will vote
for Democrats now is that true well the
rumor is that Susan Rice is actually
assigned to make that
happen I I don't know if that's true but
today that's what I heard that there's a
that Susan Rice is in charge of the
effort and it literally is what you
think it's exactly what you think it's
election interference essentially
legally I guess no not legally very
illegally but it's it's just it's
exactly what it looks like now I have to
admit I
resisted the notion that it was that but
now I think it's obvious you it may be
that plus something else but it's
definitely that
you know it's definitely about changing
the
election Contours of the United
States and the question that is raised
by this is if Trump were to get elected
despite all the election interference
which is massive at this point if he
were to still get
elected what would be the order of
deportations because he's promised he
would Deport I think he will well first
you're going to deport anybody who has
any criminal
record that has you know that looks
problematic right so you do the
criminals first but then who do you do
second I don't know how many criminals
there are but it you know it's not 22
million so I'm guessing you get I don't
know tens of thousands maybe there are
tens of thousands out of 22 million you
Deport them first who do you Deport a
second like what what would be the
method by which you determine who to go
next well if it were me I would make
sure that the people who were signing up
to vote know that they would be first in
line to be
deported why because if you came into
this country and you signed up to vote
illegally you're first to
go because you're interfering with the
system that you were not a citizen of
now should it be their fault I don't
care you might say but Scott they just
got automatically signed up by the
system to which I say
yeah so
what they would still go next because
you don't want a bunch of people signed
up by the system that might have ballot
harvesting issues might you know might
change the vote or at least make the
vote less credible which is bad too you
don't want the system to look less
credible so I if I were a Republicans I
would say look you can sign up all the
non-citizens you want but they're at the
top of the list to be sent back and
anybody who signs up to vote even if
it's automatic top of the
list and I'd make sure they knew it it
see one of the advantages that the
Democrats have
apparently
is um that they would uh they have
better communication with the Immigrant
migrant community so if the only people
that the migrants hear from are
Democrats they might not know they're in
Peril if they if they're registered to
vote I think they need to know that if
there's any way to tell them look you're
at the top of the list now if you
registered to vote and I do think they
have to be they have to be at the top of
the list and does anybody disagree with
that is there even one person who would
disagree with the statement that after
you do the you know the bad criminals
you make maybe not speeding 80 M an hour
into 65 but you know the real criminals
they go first and then you got to get
the people who are non-citizens
registered to vote they just got to be
next now if if you were coming into this
country illegally and somebody said all
right give me your name and your
address would you do anything to
intentionally put yourself on a list of
people doing illegal stuff as in
registering to vote I don't think you'd
do it if you knew it if you knew what
you were doing I don't think you'd do it
why would you put your name on the
database of illegal
people that seems like a bad idea be a
better Criminal than that we want the
smart criminals not the dumb ones just
kidding so let's call the uh when when
the uh non-citizens get registered to
vote I would call that the Deport me
first list Deport me first
first all right here's a gaslighting
update things that uh your Democrat
government wants you to
believe um now I say all the time that
it's so hard to have any kind of a
legitimate conversation with someone who
thinks the news is real or that it's
trying to be
real I I find that it's a complete waste
of time because the Lo refer to
something in the news that you know
isn't real but they think is
so you just can't have that conversation
it's like talking to a
wall um so here are some of the things
that the people who believe the news
have been convinced of that Trump is a
convicted
felon Democrats don't know that's not
true what's true is until the judge
records it he's not a convicted felon
what's true is that he got there by
lawfare not by any kind of legitimate
system and that there's a real good
chance that Trump's lawyers law fared
back sufficiently that he'll never be a
registered
felon how many Democrats know that none
maybe
none how about you could interview them
all day long and none of them would know
that he's not a convicted felon and
there's a real chance real good chance
he won't be and if he were you know if
he gets somehow you know technically
becom a
felon is still not going to be
legitimate because it happened through a
completely illegitimate process so if if
you actually believe that the justice
system is
working in the context of trump I mean
you have to be really gaslighted to
believe that how how could you not know
that the entire architecture of the of
the legal processes against Trump are
illegitimate how could you not know that
well it's because you you think the news
is real
if you thought the news was real you'd
think nobody's Above the Law it's a good
thing the law came after all these
illegal
acts that's some serious
gaslighting um let's see what else uh
some portion of the public is still
telling you or the government that that
Biden is fit to be not only president
now but in another term as
well now that's nothing but gaslighting
right cuz because we can all see it
there's nobody who doesn't see it and
they can look you right in the eye and
say no he's fine you know he's got good
advisers he'll be
fine we're also told that elections are
secure in the context of massive mail-in
ballots electronic voting machines and
non-citizens being registered to vote by
the
millions and we're told that the
elections are
secure it's not even
close not only is it not secure it's
violently and hilariously
unsecure it's unsecure at a level that
is literally
laughable how many Democrats are aware
of
that none probably none do you know what
would make them aware of
it if if Trump won they'll all say the
thing is
rigged right all it's going to take to
change their minds is for them not to
get the answer that they
wanted do you know what an election is
an election is a way to create
data do you know what data is
accurate none ever no there's never any
accurate data accurate data is literally
one of the illusions of Life there is
only data you agree with if if you can't
see it in the election situation you
can't see it anywhere right
what happened when Trump won in
2016 Hillary Clinton and all of the
Democrats said the data is wrong that
the there's something wrong with the
vote they said the data is wrong what
happened when Biden
won everybody who didn't like it said
the data is wrong what the Democrats say
well the data is right this
time there's no such thing as accurate
data there's only data you agree with
that's it in the real world there's only
data you agree with
all right let's see what else we got uh
we got the Trump is an adjudicated sex
offender now that's what people back up
to um Michael uh Ian Black was having
this conversation on X with a bunch of
people I think he started out by saying
Trump's a rapist and then somebody said
no no you must be believing the news he
wasn't even convicted of of anything
like that it was a some kind of sex of
offense okay okay he's not a he wasn't
an accused rapist he was uh well not
accused but he wasn't a convicted rapist
he was a convicted sex offender and then
somebody said well it's not a criminal
trial he was found liable in other words
it was a Civil Trial okay okay right so
he was wasn't convicted rapist he's not
a I wouldn't call it a convicted sex
offender it's more like held liable by
not a majority or not a um not a
unanimous jury so if it' been criminal
it would have to be unanimous but I
think two people voted
no um so then it turned into okay okay
but he's a proven sex off he's a proven
sex
offender to which I argue no no only the
court has ruled that or the jury ruled
that that's not any kind of
proof if it were a science they wouldn't
call it proof would they if you talk to
a science and say okay we've proved this
to be
true because the jury said it's true
that's not a
proof that's a system doing what the
system did let's not proof nobody else
was there it's he said she said
situation basically so then it turned
into all the way back from you know
rapist to sex offender to okay the the
jury did find him that so he's an
adjudicated sex
offender so that's where Michael's at
now he's an adjudicated sex offender now
that's
accurate there was something adjudicated
and their conclusion was sex offender
but you need to go to another level
which is he is not credibly
accused now credibility is a different
story for from what is true we the
public don't have access to what is true
and never will we never will we will
never know what did or did not happen
and by the way this applies to Biden as
well remember Biden has also been
accused of some sex offense kind of
stuff but he's not you know adjudicated
in court or anything but you'll never
know the truth you'll only know that a
court adjudicate it one way or another
and the answer is in his case it was
never taken up and in Trump's lawfare
case in the context of nothing but
lawfare it was just one of the things
they made up to go after him but is it
credible I would say no but let me be
really clear I do not know that the
accuser is
lying that would be an affirmative
statement of something I could never
know so I don't know that she 's lying
but I also don't know that she's telling
the truth and there's no evidence one
way or the other no no evidence that I
would
consider credible and at least two
people who sat in the jury also said
that's not credible to us because they
voted against the
majority so I would say that is a
non-credible
process with a non-credible witness
doesn't mean she's wrong because if I
said that i' would be you know creating
some liability for myself I only know as
a Observer that nothing about that looks
credible to me now I would say and and
then the question I was asked or others
were asked is how can you um support
somebody who's been adjudicated to be a
sex offender to which I say I think it's
a
tie do you do you think if RFK Jr were
not doing what better in the polls do
you don't do you don't think there would
be some kind of made up sex offense
against him if he were leading in the
polls of course it would yeah RFK Jr
would guarantee somebody would be coming
out of the woodwork from his vast uh
let's say an interesting life which he
confesses to totally his his life was
wild and you know he's never proved he's
never claimed that he was you know loyal
to his past relationships or anything
you don't think out of all that
fodder that the bad guys could could
have reached in there and pulled out
somebody who wanted a Payday just to say
he did more than he did of course of
course yeah everybody at this level who
is male is going to have a credible
sounding sex offense charge Biden has
one Trump has one if RFK Jr were doing
better they would make up one about
him am I right right now it's just it's
just Baseline stuff if you're male
and you're in the race there's going to
be a non-credible sexual accusation
non-credible meaning well maybe on the
surface it sounds like something that
could happen but it kind of falls apart
when you look into
it so I would say that that seems more
like a gaslighting thing in the sense
that if you think that one of them has
some sketchy accusations and the other
doesn't what news have you been watching
you never heard of about Ashley Biden's
diary you never heard about terara
Reed's claims about Biden if you never
heard of
those well met is right the news isn't
going to be the thing that corrects your
misinformation meta is so right uh the
new gaslighting is a project 25 so the I
guess the Heritage group or something
put together a whole bunch of things
that they'd like to see a republican do
in office but it wasn't backed by Trump
um it didn't come from his campaign
Trump has disavowed it while saying he
doesn't know what's in it people say
that's a
complication yeah people say it's a
complication um anyway so Trump has
disavowed it um and he released his top
25 or so 25 things he does plan to do so
now Trump is released from the camp
the things he's going to do I have to
say I looked over the list this morning
and there's you know a bunch of stuff
you'd expect from a trump list you know
he's going to deport people and blah
blah but I didn't think it was a good
list I don't I don't think it
necessarily accomplished what it tried
to do because it was too long to really
stick in your head you know you can't
really hold 25 things in your head so it
didn't work as a summer
you know summaries work well when you're
trying to get elected you need some
little tight little summary a list of 25
things it's good background information
and I'm totally in favor of it but I
didn't find it compelling it is a good
counter it is a good counter to the
project 25 because you can say no this
is what I want to do you know it'd be
one thing to say I dis out the list it's
much stronger to say here's my list this
is one you should look at but once you
browse it you don't really remember it
and there were some things I thought
notably missing uh I didn't say anything
about nuclear energy and I don't think I
saw anything about the Ukraine
war nothing about
Israel so it seemed to me there were
some things conspicuously missing that
would be important to
me um but I guess I'll I guess I'll rank
it as a a solid play and and I would say
that we should have more lists because
the list persuasion is really important
you there should be a list of climate
change predictions that didn't happen
there should be a list of hoaxes that
the media has played on Democrats I
think I had one other list so lists are
good and and they should be created in a
way that all of the the voters have
access to them immediately so you can
send them to your friends and stuff
they're quite
persuasive um there's the gaslighting
that the TV hosts from MSNBC will be
rounded up and put in prison
camps okay that's just so weird you can
hardly even talk about
it who would be in favor of
that like who would be in favor of that
to to me this is pure gas it's pure
projection
because the the claims that uh that non
law Breakers would be rounded up and put
in prison they're basically saying that
if Trump if Trump is elected they might
be
hunted what would make them say
that it could be because Republicans are
active actively being
hunted it's just
projection you can you can figure out
everything they're doing and everything
they planned to do by what they accuse
the Republicans of where you say what
that doesn't even make sense there's
nothing like that happening right so
when they say for example that uh you
know there's a bunch of military people
up in the hills that are magot and
they're getting ready to be part of some
Insurrection that's telling you that
they plan an
Insurrection if they need it or they did
one all right so what you're all
wondering is if the CIA and the
intelligence people in the country are
really the power behind the throne if
they're the ones really running things
how would you know what they
want what what would be a sign of what
the CIA
wants well there are people that we
suspect are CIA
adjacent meaning that their opinions
would be
suspiciously exactly what you'd expect
the CIA to want them to say it doesn't
mean that they're working with with the
CIA that would be harder to prove but
there are some people are so
consistent with the CIA
that it's hard to
ignore for example uh celebrities Rob
Riner and Stephen King the way they uh
post and talk about politics is like
it's their job they don't just act like
interested parties they look like
they're working for somebody or they've
got somebody who really wants them to do
what they're doing now I don't know that
that's true it just looks exactly like
it now both of them bowed out from
supporting Biden at the same time now
would you say therefore that's a strong
signal that maybe the CIA just is losing
their support for
Biden maybe
maybe um but I think but I think both of
them would agree they'd rather have
Biden than
Trump so I I think the Democrats are all
in what David sax called wishcasting
they're they're still in that pretend
world where Biden will be replaced with
that high quality Democrat that
everybody likes and votes
for H I think that's just wishful
thinking right I think Biden has every
indication he's going to hang on for
dear life at least through the election
and that it is what it is and we're done
it's that's just going to be this but
everybody wants to live in the imaginary
world where they fixed it so that's like
me thinking of all the imaginary things
our military will do to stop fenol
that's just fantasy they're not going to
do anything to stop fenol never It's
Just Pure Fantasy and I don't think
there's any way that Biden will be
replaced obviously I could be wrong
because we're in very frothy situation
if you said what is the confidence in
your opinion I'd say you can't be
confident in this
situation there's just too much
froth
but so far the most predictive part is
that Biden's uh ego and brain have him
locked into running and maybe he's got
some protect the family legal
implications and maybe he's got Jill
pushing him and maybe all that's true
but every indication is he stay in in if
he can so unless he has a sudden Health
event uh which would looks supicious at
this point um I think he's
in
um so I saw Peter Zan who some people
say is associated with the CIA but I
have no evidence of that but I was
watching him yesterday and uh he said
directly that you know Biden has
dementia and he should not be president
and he should not be
running now he's no Pro Trump person
he's he's very much anti-trump so he
he's he casts it as a decision between
the uh the dementia person and
the DED person or something like that I
don't know he had had some clever
framing but basically uh he says that
even though Biden is dementia
addled he would still prefer
him and here's
why because if Trump is elected it might
be the last election the United States
ever
has and he just sort of drops that in
there like that's obvious to us
all I would say that would be the most
unlikely thing that could ever happen in
the history of unlikely things who in
the world thinks that Trump wants to end
the elections who in the world thinks
that Republicans would back that
plan none there isn't there isn't a
single Republican ever
born who wants to stop
elections how in the
world do you say that with a straight
face unless you're part of a
misinformation
campaign do you think that Peter
xan as you know plugged in as he is and
obviously as smart as he is do you think
that he really thinks that Trump would
be the end of
Elections like how would you even
connect those dots like what what kind
of imaginary situation would get you
from he's elected on Election Day and
then four years later there are no
elections in the United States what kind
of fantasy gets you from from one thing
to the other there there's no way he
believes that is there do do you think
he's
brainwashed I don't think so I don't
think he's brainwashed he doesn't give
off any he gives off no
signs that he's just under some kind of
zombie like brainwashing where a lot of
people do by the way a lot of people
give off all the signs of actually being
brainwashed he
doesn't but uh he doesn't like
Trump speaking of gaslighting Ken John
Pierre uh she's the ultimate gaslighter
because here let me give you a skit of
uh Ken John Pierre answering questions
um Karen uh there's been reports that a
uh Parkinson expert has visited the
White House eight times is he meeting
with the
president the president's cognitive
condition is tested every time he
works yeah I know that's uh that's not
exactly the answer to the question we're
we're wondering about this specific
thing you know that the expert has gone
to the White House eight times we don't
know any reason he would do that unless
he's going there to see the president
for Parkinson's reasons is that what's
happening I don't know if I could be
more clear I keep answering this
question over and over again but let me
do it again let me do it again the
president shows his mental
acuity every day by doing the job yeah
we hear that loud and clear got it but
what we're asking is
something specific is there a reason
that you can't give me an answer to this
very specific question is that expert
there to see the
president I've been very clear I've been
very
clear
people and then then she does the body
language like the problems on on your
end I love that part where she makes it
look like the problems on your end
I really
people how many more times can I answer
the same question he shows his
mental
acuity every day I don't think I could
be more clear about
this and everybody's watching it and
saying I don't even know what I'm
watching
here does she think she's nailing
it like when she's saying that stuff in
her mind is she thinking
yeah I nailed that one why are they
still talking I so nailed that people I
could not be
clearer and Democrats watch that and
they think H I don't see a problem
there well my favorite new character in
The Ridiculousness we call our
government is opposite man opposite man
you know opposite man his name goes by
the name Jamie Rasin and he comes out
whenever you need somebody to
shamelessly say the opposite of what we
all
observe so let's see the maze account
maze it's on X uh he says in 2017 Jamie
Raskin claimed that Trump was mentally
unfit for office he proposed setting up
a permanent office to evaluate the
mental and physical health of the
president that was in 17 have we seen
any mental health problems with the
president president uh Trump no no so
this was Jamie Rasin saying the opposite
of what you observed because you could
observe that Trump was fine and then he
went and told you no he's obviously
crazy I don't know what you're looking
at so then in
2024 after it's very obvious that Biden
is has major
dementia does Jamie Ras and say you
know that idea I had with Trump it's
even better now we should set up a
permanent kind of a department just for
ongoing mental evaluation of uh Biden
does opposite man do that no opposite
man opposites again so
now and now he says uh basically that uh
Biden's Advanced age is one of the ways
he brings solidarity to the
world he's bringing solidarity to the
world with his Advanced Agee why would
he need to check on his mental acuity I
don't even understand the question
opposite man not as good as worse than
Watergate man worse than Watergate
man he's a he they bring him out when
something's just got to be worse than
Watergate just got to
be well how do uh
Democrats process this so you got this
character called Elon Musk you probably
heard of him he's in the news a lot and
he invented this car company electric
car company that nobody thought could
succeed and then he's sending Rockets
into space and he's he's uh going to go
to Mars and it looks like that's going
to work and he's he's covered the world
with satellites and he's putting a chip
in people's brains and he bought X and
somehow by Miracle by Miracle he made
the least profitable thing Pro looks
like it'll be cash positive by the end
of the year so those would seem like
only the kind of things that the
smartest person you've ever met could
think so I
assume Democrats have noticed he's done
a few things accomplished a few things
so when he talks about something that
seems like he should know about it you
know it's it's well easier than any of
those other things you know uh
engineering a rocket that can land on
its you know to be reused very
hard but here's what he says today
electronic voting machines and anything
mailed in for voting is too risky we
should mandate paper ballots and iners
voting only now if you're a
Democrat how do you hear
that here's how I think they hear
it I think they hear it this way well
he's a genius in this
area okay and he's a genius in that
other area okay he's a genius in three
areas I'll give you that four areas he's
a genius in four are five areas maximum
five
areas that's it five areas of Genius is
what musk has we're not going to give
him okay six or seven I mean if you're
really going to count all the areas in
which he's clearly exemplified pure
genius maybe six or seven but when he's
talking about this topic which all of us
could look at and understand
suddenly something else is going on here
he must have maybe some kind of
cognitive impairment may maybe Elon Musk
is having a problem with his mental
accy I don't know suddenly suddenly he
went from the smartest person we know
into instantly the dumbest person when
he talked about something we know about
like
elections well like elections well well
isn't that funny he went from the
smartest person you know to the dumbest
person you know as soon as he disagreed
with the Democrat oh whoa so you might
ask the
question I would ask this question why
do electronic voting machines
exist I keep asking this question
because I think it'll become a new story
that nobody can answer this question
okay it doesn't save you money
doesn't give you a more credible result
it's not easier you got to hire
Specialists you know and everything uh
it's not
safer so it's not safer cheaper easier
more credible why do they
have I only I can only think of one
reason is to rig elections if you can
think of another reason you let me know
I'd love to hear the other
reason I can't think of any other reason
I think it's right there in front of you
it couldn't be more obvious now I often
say that uh a degree in economics and
some business experience gives you a
filter to see things
clearly this is one of those
cases let let me ask for those of you
who have worked around technology you
know and you have a let's say you have a
good understanding of you know building
and implementing technology systems in
big companies
can you think of any reason for voting
machines all the people who have
experience in that domain the domain of
technology used in the the real world
does anybody even one of you is there
even one person who has experience with
technology who says yeah voting machines
have a reason and here's that good
reason you've never heard it there
there's not even an argument for it it
would be one thing if you said well they
have an argument for it but I disagree
and here's my reasons that's not
happening there is no argument for
having them except fraud to create fraud
there is no other
argument how do we get to this point
where I can say that out loud in public
and everybody agrees with it and still
nothing
happens remember I told you that your
opinions are assigned to
you and the opinions in the media are
assigned to them so the New York Times
And The Washington Post assign the rest
of the media their opinions except for
Fox News and Breitbart I guess and then
but who assigns the opinion to the
media they don't assign it to themselves
that comes from their masters CIA FBI
Democrats
whoever but that's how you know anything
so why is it that the fact that there's
no argument for voting Mach
and a gigantic controversy about them
why is that not a NA national
story why have you never seen on uh Meet
the Press or CNN having an expert on to
say you know people keep asking why do
we even have voting machines but you're
the expert can you clear this up for us
and then then the expert says oh yeah if
you didn't have voting machines you'd
have this problem and that problem and
then Jake Tapper would say but there 700
countries well I'm just making up a
number there are a bunch of
countries that don't use them and
nobody's
complaining and you have results the
same day and it's
cheaper so what were those reasons again
well okay okay it's not not cheaper
but that's what would happen so why is
that not in the news the single most
important thing you would need to know
as a citizen why do they have electronic
voting machines
it's not in the news because the people
who assigned the news to the New York
Times And The Washington Post have not
assigned it and therefore they have not
assigned it to the news in general and
therefore they have not assigned it to
you so it's just not a thing they they
can disappear the most important
question you think there's a more
important question than why do we have
voting machines I can't think of
one every everything depend on it
everything and we don't even know why we
have them and nobody's asking besides
me if that doesn't prove everything I've
said about the system this should prove
Beyond a
doubt that the news isn't real and that
opinions are assigned to us you can see
it
right it it's not always this clear in
every topic but this one's really clear
you can see it from beginning to end all
you can see all the parts all the moving
Parts you can see
them all right uh and then of course
mailin ballots same thing you know the
the reason for mailin ballots is that
people will feel disenfranchised if they
can't mailin their ballot and then
people always do the stupid thing where
but but oh is there any NPC I'll give
the NPCs another
chance I'm going to make a statement and
I'd like the NPCs to weigh
in um we shouldn't have mailing ballots
except in special cases go what did the
NPC
say but but what about my grandmother
who can't make it to the to the election
because she's has low
Mobility she's fine yes grandma with low
Mobility can vote by mail but but but
what about all the veterans the people
in the military they're yes they can
vote they can vote by mail that's fine
that's fine but but but what about the
diplomats they can vote by mail they can
no it's just everybody else right
special cases
sure but it's impossible to get any
answer for why why we even have it to to
imagine that anybody's disenfranchised
but that is
ridiculous
anyway so here's the uh Democrat plan as
we Now understand it they their plan was
to register millions of migrants to vote
uh use electronic voting machines for no
reason that seems valid use tons of
mailin ballots uh which would allow the
22 million migrants either to use their
mailin ballots illegally and vote Andor
to make the ballots themselves available
for somebody else to harvest we know
that at least in one state they voted to
leave ballot boxes uncontrolled to make
it easier to cheat so in every instance
in which the Democrats are involved they
are moving it in the direction of making
it easier to
cheat in every
case every single element makes it
easier to cheat they call it not
disenfranchising voters for which I've
never met a disenfranchised voter have
you have you ever met one have you ever
met one Mis disenfranchised
voter just one the one person who really
wanted to vote just couldn't figure it
out have you ever met that person have
you ever seen that black person who
couldn't get an ID according to the
racist Democrats who think that suddenly
the S the single easiest thing that a
human being can do in the United States
is only available to certain races
racists well it's exactly what it looks
like now there's a report that the
DMV um is automatically registering
non-citizens to vote and there are
reports of people saying the DMV told me
uh green card holders could vote and
they don't have to approve a residency
requirement so Washington state is
removing the residence requirement so
the states are different and you know I
saw Elon Musk um say that the DMV is a
state issue that's not uh that's not
being driven by the department of transp
exportation but
still every time the Democrats do
something that regards voting it's all
in the same direction how do you not
you're not catching
on now I know you all know but Democrats
aren't catching on do you know why the
Democrats haven't caught on that
everything they're doing is to
cheat because they don't
care they only care their team
wins it's not really an issue so
Republicans caring doesn't seem to make
any difference because wherever they can
do it they do it they might know it's
illegal nobody cares they're just
getting what they
want all right and now we have this
situation where uh the uh Congress send
a bill to Biden or I don't know the
timing of it if he's already said now or
will soon but Biden is not going to sign
the bill that says only citizens can
vote what will he claim
why will be what will be his reason for
claiming that he didn't need to sign
that I feel like he's going to say it's
already the
law even though they're working as hard
as they can to make sure that
non-citizens do vote they're going to
say but it's the law that they don't so
we don't need a new
law and then we would argue but you're
registering you're massively registering
people to vote who are illegal in a 100
different ways
what would Biden say to
that you already
know you already know no they're
not and then the debate goes to the next
question he will just Gaslight you and
then when Karin John Pier is asked about
it why would you say no to that she'll
say well it's already a law we don't
need that
law and then the next question will be
but but but there are widespread reports
that are very credible that non-citizens
are being you massively signed up to
vote and she will say no they're
not and then the Press will say but they
are and she will say I've been very
clear about this I don't know how many
more times I can answer the question
they are
not but here's a report here the law is
actually allow you can see the every
every bit of information says they are
we're seeing it from every state
everywhere we're seeing millions of
people there there threads on Reddit of
people who are non-citizens telling
telling us the noncitizens themselves
are telling us that they're being told
to
vote no they're
not no they're not I've been very clear
about this it's already law no they're
not
and that'll be it now I've argued that
it should be the only question that's
asked because everything else depends on
this I would just ask one question why
are you letting non-citizens vote and
then making really clear that you've got
the evidence that they
are and if they can't answer that one
question I think every every Democrat
has to be asked this question every time
that they're in public why are you
letting non-citizens vote until the
question has been asked so many times
that when they say we're not doing that
even the people watching will say well
that's a lot questions for something
that's not happening maybe it is
happening so you might be able to break
through just by forcing them to deal
with the question over and over again um
I don't know any other
way all right well that gives away the
whole game when you're uh allowing the
non-citizens to vote and you're
unwilling to say they
shouldn't Jason Miller is talking about
uh from the Trump campaign it was on
Newsmax talking Biden's doctor he says
that in 1988 Joe Biden had two brain
aneurysms and he had to have brain
surgery and in 2008 he was criticized
for hiding his health issues in 2020
more questions about his health and uh
he says yet every year Biden's doctor Dr
Kevin oconor has signed off saying Joe
is in perfect health what might be the
reason that okon isman has not been
forthcoming and uh Jason Miller says if
you Google Jim Biden and Kevin oconor
you will see that uh the doctor is doing
business with the bidens so the Biden
crime
family got itself a
doctor it it's kind of fascinating to
watch how the top operators consolidate
power it seems like they know you're
going to need some prosecutors in your
pocket you're going to need at least
your own doctor like there a certain set
of professionals that they know they
have to co-opt in order to maintain
power so I guess you have to have a
doctor you know at minimum you have to
have a Doctor Who's got a gigantic
financial interest in saying whatever
you want him to say so I would assume
that the doctor is lying and it's
monetary that's what it looks like can't
know can't read his mind but every
indication is the doctor's a liar and
probably should lose his medical license
anyway um so Leen who did not win the
Conservative candidate who did not win
in France what do you think happens
after you uh launch a surprisingly good
campaign get more votes than the other
parties but the other parties combined
to keep you on of power what do you
think would happen next in our world
well if you guessed that the bad guys
were going to lawfare her so she can't
have make another run you guess right so
now prosecutors are claiming that her
party stole tax payer generated funds
from the European Parliament to help
Finance her campaign the source is the
evening standard and I ask you this what
are the
odds that that's a
genuine
complaint versus
lawfare I would say that France has
watched the United States they watch the
Democrat
successfully tied Trump up with lawfare
and said to themselves why wouldn't that
work
here so it looks like they're just going
to give uh Leen the the Trump treatment
so if she ever thinks of running again
which of course she would because she
got the most votes why wouldn't you that
she maybe be crippled by the lawfare
it's exactly what it looks
like we don't really need
to publish that same semi-important
picture every
time uh yeah it's not a real picture
it's AI don't really need that every
time all
right um Bindu
ready says that Trump will repeal
Biden's executive order on AI and I
guess that's something Trump said he
would do so I didn't realize this but
Biden had some kind of executive
order uh to put a little uh let's say
control on the AI
development and the claim is that that
set of controls makes a the AI people
have to jump through hoops which is
putting a
uh let's say a big constraint on
America's development of AI while other
countries can develop it without
constraints so we would be competing
against people building a super super
weapon AI but not building one ourselves
because we put constraints on
ourselves um now of course there are two
camps the go slow and the go fast I
think the go slow people
are I don't want to say
stupid uh because that's not true but
the go slow on AI people I don't think
they're seeing the whole field or
something because if you just assume
that our our our enemies will go fast
there really is no argument for the G
slow even though it's terribly
dangerous if you say goost slow because
it's
unsafe you haven't compared it to the
alternative going slow and letting your
adversaries get AI before you have some
kind of AI that can fight off their
AI is an existential threat I mean
that's death so I think it's just bad
risk management to think that we should
go slower than our adversaries build
buing uh the Ultimate
Weapon you know I think you got to go
first even at existential risk so even
if the risk is destroying the United
States you got to get there fast because
if the other countries are doing it
they're also going to destroy their
countries and the first AI will destroy
everybody if if it's that dangerous so
if AI is going to be that dangerous
we're all dead anyway this is a better
way to say it
if AI is really as dangerous as some
people
worry it doesn't matter what we do we're
all
dead if it's not that dangerous but it's
super dangerous you know as in you don't
want your enemy to have it if you don't
have it if it's that kind of danger you
got to go
first so there are two situations one
where it's not that dangerous where
going fast makes sense and one where
it's super dangerous but it doesn't
matter what you're going to do you're
going to get the whole world is going to
be destroyed so there is no argument for
slow does that make sense there's no
argument for
slow because slow gets you dead for sure
if AI is deadly and if it's not deadly
you want to get there
first so to me the risk management case
is really clear you go fast and could it
could it have devastating impacts yes
but those are your two choices if you
only have two choices you can't say I
can't do either one because they don't
look good you just got to pick one and
to me it looks obvious but I'm no AI
expert so maybe somebody has a better
argument but if you were only going to
be a one let's say a one isue voter
what do you think is a bigger issue than
AI if if you didn't know anything about
Trump and Biden nothing except there one
issue it's big enough that you would you
should pick Trump over it it's that big
and Trump is really good at risk
assessment by the way Trump is really
good at risk assessment I
think all right well there's a NATO
Summit I don't know when that's happen
happening Thursday or something and uh
Wall Street Journal says that they're
hoping that the NATO Summit would be a
showcase where Biden could show how
capable he is and all that um I think
it's going to turn into weekend at
Bernie I hate to use that overused
analogy but it's really going to look
like a dead guy with a bunch of living
people I don't think there's really a
chance it's going to go well do you how
many of you think think that's going to
go
well this is bad risk management that's
what that's what it looks
like all right well James Carville still
uh he's still in his fantasy phase where
he thinks they can build a a quick mini
primary and quickly replace Biden with a
process that would be credible he says
the process should be this that Bill
Clinton or well he said Clinton maybe he
meant Hillary I don't know but I think
he meant bill uh and Obama are the two
most obviously qualified people in the
world to basically help quickly move
into a a New Rapid
primary and he thinks that Kam haris
should be on the list you know but it
should be maybe five people and then
just quickly get a new
candidate so uh if it turns out that
Biden who if you look at Ukraine seems
to be a bit of a war hawkk would you say
it would it be fair to say that Biden
has been a
hawk on at least on Ukraine yeah so if
the hawk is replaced by Harris you'd
have the hawk replaced by the hawk
to yeah that was a long way to get there
but I think it was worth
it and now I'm done with it okay uh well
John was it John Kirby he was at the uh
he had a press conference and he was
talking about uh Biden planning to do a
press conference and he talked about uh
Biden's press conference and he said he
looks in the back and he goes I think
we're calling it the uh a big boy press
conference a big boy press conference
now what he meant was it wouldn't be two
SEC questions and then he disappears but
rather he would really answer
questions like a big
boy
now let me give you a
hypothetical you work for the president
of the United States you're on camera
talking to the
world the president is um Bill
Clinton and you say on his behalf he's
decided have a quote Big Boy press
conference is Bill Clinton happy about
that no no he fires you immediately cuz
what the are you doing you're
making me sound like a child you're out
of here okay now let's say that that
spokesperson said the same thing about
President
Obama oh he's finally G to have a a big
boy press
conference fired
fired how about uh somebody said that
about
Trump fire
is Kirby worried that Biden will fire
him nope because you don't say that in
public if you think there's any chance
you're going to get
fired that is a man who knew with
certainty that he had no
risk he he basically insulted the
president in public about his deeply as
you could insult anybody in that
position that he's finally going to have
a big boy press conference
seriously seriously that really happened
in the real world and he didn't get
fired do you know
why because Biden doesn't fire anybody
Trump told us Trump told us during the
debate you haven't fired
anybody just think about that that one
of his you know a top person in the
government just stood in front of the
world and basically called him a child
was no problem no problem at all because
first of all Biden's so anate he
probably doesn't have any control of
anything and secondly he doesn't fire
people so you don't even have to worry
about doing what the president
wants you still won't get fired my
God anyway
[Music]
um I talked about Trump 2025 and how
he's got his own list so that's probably
a good idea
um that's all I got for right now thanks
for joining everybody on X and Rumble
and YouTube I'm going to go talk to my
beloved members of locals where they get
lots more of the good stuff and uh we'll
see you tomorrow morning same place same
time and uh locals people here I
come I'll be there
in
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for