hey everybody come on in yes it's
another wonderful morning in the age of
coronavirus but I think we're gonna get
on top of this thing yeah yeah humans
were pretty good in fact our winning
record about a hundred thousand years of
winning name a species that has beaten
us yet you can't name a virus that has
taken us down and finished us off none
Spanish flu nothing you got nothing
you shouldn't Blanks flu well there's no
virus they can stop us especially when
we have powerful powerful medical
technology not the least among them is
the simultaneous sip yeah the
simultaneous sep has been shown in
studies that are not peer-reviewed and
allegedly we hear from people who are
anonymous sources in test run in other
countries by people with very long hair
who should not be doctors those people
tell us with great certainty that
simultaneous sip will raise your immune
system yeah it's true and all you need
is a copper marker glass of tanker
chelators time the canteen trigger a
flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me there for the
unparalleled pleasure that dopamine diem
of the day the thing that makes
everything including the stupid pandemic
betta it's called the simultaneous if
but it happens now go yeah my immune
system just went up about 3.6 percent I
think feels about like that all right
here's my idea of the day that does not
come from me a a Twitter follower sends
me the following ideas and I would like
to
share it with you so the president is
considering scaling back on his press
conferences I think most of you would
say that might be a good idea at this
point we were a little bit over informed
and every time he's on stage taking
questions the press is doing nothing but
trying to bait him into a mistake so I
don't really need to watch the press
asking illegitimate questions which are
only designed to force unforced errors
basically that doesn't make sense but
you know I'm talking about so here's
here's a suggestion how about the
president take questions from the public
right now when I say the public there
are several ways to do and one is you
could literally just say you know
tweeted me a question and I'll pick the
ones that look good right that would be
a perfectly fair way to do it just look
at his Twitter feed go on television and
say all right I got a whole bunch of
questions I've marked some good ones so
user blah blah blah ask this question
here's my answer
now of course that doesn't give you a
time for some follow-up so let me
suggest another idea why is it the only
CNN and the big networks get to ask
questions of the president do they have
special powers of question asking they
don't right but what they do have is a
big channel so in other words the
president is sort of forced to answer
questions from people he doesn't want to
deal with such as you know see you then
because they have such a big reach but
it's 20 20 people can you imagine I'll
just throw out this hypothetically if I
personally interviewed President Trump
on video do you how many people would
watch it and the answer is just about
everybody in the world so do you need
CNN you tell me this isn't true if I
personally interviewed President Trump
it would be huge and it's not just me
yeah you you could pick you could come
up with 20 names off the top of your
head who are just people with blue
checks on Twitter they don't need blue
checks I'm not saying that makes you a
you know a more effective because you
have a blue check obviously that's not
the case but you could think of 20
people that you would put on camera and
say hey you know I was gonna say you
know Jack poo Sabich but he has you know
he has a network so he he doesn't count
because he's got his own network at
arrow and but take somebody who doesn't
have a network just somebody who's got a
lot of Twitter followers do you think
i'll just you know throw out a name do
you think if mike Serna vich interviewed
President Trump on video that that
wouldn't get 20 million hits of course
it would of course it would yeah do you
think I can't ask better questions that
the entire press corps I can't I can't
and I think you know it too all right
I can ask better questions of the entire
press corps I say that with complete
confidence and I say that because lots
of people could I'm not saying that I
could do better than the press corps
because I have magic powers I'm saying
there are lots of people who could you
just have to take it into that weird
little artificial environment where
they're showcasing and you know trying
to force an error and just give somebody
that there's a there's a good a
suggestion Dave Rubin could Dave Rubin
to ask better questions of President
Trump about the coronavirus than the
professional reporters in the room yeah
would it be close
Tim Poole Joe Rogan I'm seeing other
names yeah yeah Dan bunch you know you
can find a lot of people who could get
who could dig in a little bit better
than the pros so why not why not do that
so here's here's my invitation
I invite President Trump to do a
long-form interview with me I guarantee
it will be better TV than anything
that's been produced by any other
interview
by any other Network period and you know
it's true you know you would watch an
interview with me and president Trump
you know you would so anyway I'll throw
that out there it doesn't have to be me
but I'd like to see real people asking
questions so the Democrats are so
worried about Trump's decision-making
and it kind of comes that down to that
doesn't it they use lots of words for it
you know they'll say we think he's a
monster we think he's crazy we think
he's not paying attention to the facts
we think he's speculating about medical
things he's a loose cannon they they
have a million different words for it
but doesn't it all come down to
they don't trust his decision-making
right they give different reasons for it
but it all comes down to we don't we
don't know if you'll make the right
decisions so Democrats are so worried
about Trump's decision-making that they
want to replace them with an elderly
dementia patient with credible me to
allegations I'm not even making that up
right the is this not a true statement I
don't think it's even machinae did a in
especially provocative way the Democrats
are so worried about Trump's
decision-making that's true they're very
worried about his decision-making
everybody would agree with that first
part of the statement that they want to
replace them with an elderly dementia
patient with credible me to allegations
do you would you disagree with that
statement
now you could disagree whether he's
technically a dementia patient but that
would be a distinction without much a
difference right or is it a difference
without a distinction it's one of those
maybe is not technically you know
technically maybe he doesn't have
dementia but he looks an accident way so
and I wondered how could Trump ever
learn to make good decisions like that
because the Democrats who are judging
Trump's decision-making abilities must
feel that they can make better decisions
because they're comparing Trump's
decision-making to what they would have
done I suppose because how else could
you do it there it's not like there's
another president who's doing the same
job so if you're saying president Trump
is not making good decisions the only
thing you have to compare it to is the
decisions that you yourself would have
made in that situation so one has to
assume that you're good at making
decisions in order to judge that the
person who's doing something different
from what you would do is doing it wrong
so the people who judge themselves to be
good at making decisions have decided
that they should put all of their hopes
with an elderly dementia patient with
credible me to allegations what part of
that did I make up is any of that is any
of that exaggeration I mean baby the
dementia patient part but barely right
here's a story that is so shocking that
I can't even process it did you ever
have that happen where there's a story
that you think is true I'm sure it's
true I mean this one's true for sure
nothing is true for children but I think
this was true and and it's so bad that
if it were true and it is true I should
immediately get into my car and and go
like start a revolution or something
it's so bad that my brain can't even
tell me what to do about it because it
can't even it doesn't even feel real and
here it is there's a an employee of the
New York Times Devi Alba who said I
contacted you YouTube about this video
which is being shared on tons of replies
on Twitter on Facebook by people
asserting that it backs up Trump's idea
throwing it out there the UV rays kill
coronavirus YouTube just said it removed
it for violating its Community
Guidelines now the the video in question
many of you know the story is the the
company whose doesn't I don't
forget their name but they're in trials
right now as cedars-sinai for a far UV
light technology which is known to kill
coronavirus it's not speculated that it
kills coronavirus it's already a
commercial product
it kills grown a virus outside of the
body now there's there's a trial going
on to see if inserting it in the body
can also kill the corona virus similarly
without damage to skin the way that we
use it externally because it's already
used in hospitals Israel's already using
a little robot with a UV light on it to
clean down buses or Airlines or
something so it's a known technology
that's being further tested to see if it
also has an extra use the most normal
thing that happens in the world hey we
have some evidence this might be good
this is what we're doing to test it the
president mentioned it and this guy from
the New York Times decides to take it
upon himself he takes it upon himself to
have that removed from the Internet
why what was the reason he gave he said
because which is being shared on tons of
replies on Twitter and Facebook
by people asserting that a backs up
Trump's idea throwing it out there the
UV rays kill corona virus it doesn't
just assert that it backs up Trump's
idea it proves it it's not an assertion
it's a proof that a hundred percent of
scientists agree with is there anybody
in the world that you could produce in
New York Times they would say you know
we've looked at it and for UV light does
not kill virus because that would be
quite shocking since 100 percent of the
science says it does
and multiple commercial products are
selling it to hospitals filled with
doctors who don't know that it doesn't
work so this New York Times
permission to swear I need permission to
swear I know there's a little delay in
the comments but I don't want to do this
until you get a little warning you know
I know you have kids kids at home and
stuff that's but it's early in the
morning kids are asleep right there at
least they're not watching this I'm
watching and so there will be some
swearing I'll just give you a little
warning on that this David Elba guy
tried as successfully he successfully
had content removed from the internet
only because it backed up the president
being correct and agreeing with every
scientist in the world the UV light
kills coronavirus and it is also a fact
nobody questions it the Cedar sinai is
testing it right now internally by
injecting it injecting into the body
through the trachea etc could be in
little in the bloodstream through the
vein there's another way to do it and
this this idiot de
eval before the New York Times takes it
upon himself to try to change the
history of the world by making it look
like the president's and not for proof
for the furry for just speculating aloud
about a technology that looks pretty
 solid David Alba you goddamn
 this is the kind of thing
that makes you unqualified to be a
 human being we're in a goddamn
 emergency hundreds of thousands
of people are dying and you you
 are trying to remove useful
information from the internet because it
doesn't agree with your
stupid goddamn politics
really really you would rather destroy
the whole earth then let Donald
Trump be right about something that he's
clearly right about that you you're
gonna change a little Internet
and then the on the internet
take it off Twitter you two
yeah let's just take this
information off because it doesn't look
good for president Trump this is the
worst thing I've ever seen I
mean this is this is the kind of person
that I can't say enough bad about this
person this is a horrible person like as
a human being you really have to check
yourself check yourself David Elbe
you're a horrible person what the
is wrong with you seriously what the
 is wrong with you Jesus let's talk
about the Huffington Post well I warned
you that it's hard to process that but I
guess I managed to do it anyway so the
Huffington Post ran the story not too
long ago this said that the
hydroxychloroquine was killing more
people than it was helping so they they
did a study and they found out that the
people who took it had worse worse
outcomes and the people who didn't okay
so a guy who's a professional with lots
of experience at examining the quality
of studies so he's got years of
experience he's been hired at the high
levels to do exactly this the look of
studies and say does this look good or
not yeah it's a Peter Breggin MD with
ginger Ross Brennan and here's what he
notes and see how obvious this is to
find out what's wrong with this study so
it was a study in which they gave the
hydroxychloroquine only to the sickest
patients and they found out that the
sickest patients had bad outcomes
compared to patients who are not as sick
this sounds like I'm making that up
doesn't it that there was a scientific
experience it wasn't even a study about
an experience that The Huffington Post
reported on it's not peer-reviewed and
they compared sick people to not sick
people and they said that the people who
were really sick and near death more of
them died
than the people who were not very sick
and then they reported that is because
the drug is killing them now they only
gave the drug because it was only
allowed to be given to the sickest
patients so are we surprised that the
people near death were more likely to
die than the people who were not having
any real symptoms I mean come on I mean
it's not it's Devi Alba DAV EUI so I'm
Twitter he's at da ve y al ba if you
want to send him a copy of this song
this rant be my guest
what a horrible person I mean really I
generally don't make I generally try to
refrain from opinions about people you
know I'd rather just say they're good at
something they're bad at something you
know I'm I don't I don't want to be your
God and judge somebody being good or bad
as a good person that's not my job but
sometimes you know sometimes there's an
easy call you know Hitler didn't have
his good points
Hitler was just a bad person right you
can't say well you know he had some
pluses you don't say that for most
people I would them for most people I'd
say you know Nancy Pelosi I don't like
what he did what she did today but you
know she has all those other things she
did those are pretty good for most
people I'd say you know it's a mixed bag
it's not the way I would have gone but I
can see why they might have done it but
sometimes you're just evil and this
Davey Alpha guy needs to really really
look at himself in the mirror really
hard anyway so so the Huffington Post is
I would put them in the same category of
the worst people in the world because
they ran the story that is so filled
with errors about the hydroxychloroquine
that it's obvious that it's only purpose
was to embarrass the president so here
we are in a emergency in a
 crisis and Huffington Post
decides to do an article with
test misinformation because it will
embarrass the president in a
crisis right how about the people of the
United States who would like to maybe
survive Huffington Post maybe
people want to live and not have organ
damage how about those people you
 pieces of now I'm not
saying that I'd rocks of chloroquine
works but I am telling you that if
somebody told you it doesn't work just
to embarrass the president those people
are not good human beings they're just
not there's video going around of to
doctors I don't remember their names
you've probably all seen it by now is
it's everywhere there's two doctors one
of them is doing most of the talking
and he's he's making in general the
point that we've overdone this economic
lockdown and he goes through his
reasoning and his numbers and his data
for for why we've gone too far with the
lockdown and we should you know maybe
maybe loosen that up and I can't tell
you how many people sent me the video to
get my opinion on it and I looked at it
quickly you know the first time I saw it
and I had a preliminary opinion but
because I do it would be so unpopular I
kind of held back on it but more people
send me the video what do you think what
do you think what do you think and I
thought all right I'll spend a little
time looking at this video I got through
five minute summits in five minutes just
in my opinion and I know your opinion
will vary in five minutes it was so
obviously butt full of that I
couldn't watch the rest there's no way
that the rest of it could redeem what is
so amazingly bad in the analysis and
misinformed in the first five minutes
that I would recommend that you discount
everything in it unfortunately I think
it's an example of a video that agrees
with what you wanted it to say so it
just happens to be exactly what you
wanted to hear
but it is the most confused bad analysis
and and even I can tell that that
they're missing big things and I
shouldn't be able to tell that so easily
it is the least credible thing I've ever
seen well except for the Huffington Post
and and whatever Davey elbows doing
today but I was I would give it no
credibility and I'll just point out a
few problems with it one is he does this
calculation based on how many people
tested positive in in various tests than
the given and he makes the mistake of
assuming that that tells you something
and that and his partner who is off
camera at the time is trying to correct
him in real time because he's just being
really really stupid and the partner
saying well I just what you know that's
just the people who you know had
symptoms they're the ones who got tested
so if a lot of them seem to test
positive that doesn't actually tell you
what's happening in the rest of the
public because these are just the people
who self selected because they thought
they had symptoms so of course you'd
expect to find a lot of them in the self
selected group so his friend who's being
embarrassed by the guy who was talking
because the guy who's talking doesn't
seem to be able to even understand that
distinction keeps on talking like that
had never been said other things he he
gets wrong is that he completely ignores
the the observation forget about the
math if if Wuhan had to be closed down
and the New York hospitals were crashed
and Italy got crashed you don't need to
run the numbers to know that there's
something going on that you don't want
in your house all right
and he just ignores them like that
doesn't have to be explained then he
does the bad math of a figure of you
know saying that maybe the total number
of dad won't be that much compared to
the regular flu which of course is just
bad analysis bad math comparing the
wrong things here's the path we're on
correct me if I'm wrong if the next
thing I say is wrong please correct me
because it's important and if I
this wrong I certainly want to know and
it goes like this current death rate is
about 54,000 ish probably higher today
we're losing about two thousand a day in
the United States correct any of this is
wrong and I'm just talking in general
terms so fifty something thousand dad
two thousand something today our goal
our goal is to flatten the curve because
we know we can't drive it to zero
flatten the curve means keeps it keep it
at two thousand a day dad
for as long as we can until something
changes right so if it goes above two
thousand will consider it will consider
maybe doing a little more social
isolating if it goes below maybe will
open up some things until it goes back
to two thousand because apparently two
thousand a day is somewhere in the range
that we're willing to take if you
multiply out two thousand people down a
day with no therapeutics working with no
vaccine just just just multiply it to
the end of August and you end up with
three hundred thousand dead now why
can't this doctor do math now it
somebody sent eleven hundred yesterday
the the individual day-to-day variances
should not be trusted especially if
you're looking at a weekend we've seen
lots of evidence that the weekend number
of deaths are way lower because they
just haven't been recorded because fewer
people are working than the weekend so
ignore any Sunday and Saturday numbers
just look at the weekday so the doctors
seem to be ignorant of how to just
multiply unless he knows something I
don't
if flatten the curve what can it mean
other than we're going to accept a
certain flat number of deaths per day
that's what it means right correct me if
I'm wrong by the way if I'm wrong about
that I really really want to know
because it's somebody says two thousand
a will drop off very fast that is the
opposite of true the two thousand a
should increase not decrease because the
whole point is we're going to reopen the
economy reopening the
is designed to keep to 2,000 at 2,000
it's not designed to drop it right I'm
not wrong about that is designed to keep
it constant that's what that's what
flatten the curve means flatten doesn't
not mean doesn't not mean no peak it
means a lower peak no flatten means no
peak that's what flattened beans I mean
it it peaks at the flat part and then
just keeps continuing alright and then
the so here are some other things that
the the doctor in that video didn't know
so you Sweden as this comparison here's
the way to know who you should not
listen to again anybody who uses Sweden
as a comparison for what we should do in
the United States that that should be
your red flag not to listen to anything
else they say if that's not obvious to
you I'll dig that a little bit more the
reason is we can't tell what's different
about Sweden from here there are lots of
things different we don't know what the
active ingredient is nor do we even know
if they have good data given that every
data we've seen on the coronavirus has
been wrong everything everything about
the coronavirus has been wrong
do you believe any data coming into
Sweden why would you why would you
believe any data Sweden don't write we
know it might be true but we shouldn't
believe it so if you're basing your
decision on if some data that came out
of a country I don't care what country
it is it's all unreliable all of it so
that's the first problem
and if you don't state that right up
front you're not a credible player so if
you say I'm gonna make a Sweden
reference and I think it's pretty good I
think that's a solid comparison you can
stop listen to that person it is not a
solid comparison there are too many
differences here are some of the
differences or potential differences
what is this Sweden is it's a lot easier
to social distance say people who know
more about Sweden tonight
apparently there are a lot high
percentage of the population lives alone
anyway they probably don't have the same
number of elevators they have a
different society a lot of people have
summer homes they can just divide into
summer homes you know the numbers
probably aren't true and then here's the
biggest fact that I that I haven't seen
reported it's just some bias on social
media from somebody who has direct
knowledge of Sweden even though they
haven't ordered a lockdown the citizens
are afraid just like everywhere else
so they have a virtual lockdown in
Sweden because even if the haircutting
the salon is open they're not getting
the same amount of business so they're
in a virtual shutdown which should be
more more comparable to our actual
shutdown than it is to something that's
totally different and therefore a good
comparison so if Sweden is your
comparison say no more there's nothing
else I need to listen to I do think it's
useful to look at all the examples if
you look if you saw several countries
that seem to have a lot in common with
Sweden in the ways that seem to be
important and they all had a similar
outcome that I'd say ok that's that's
beginning to look like that's telling
you something but if you pick one
country and say well they got a
different result in this one country so
there shouldn't be anything after so all
you know is they got a different result
and you don't even know that because you
can't trust the data alright so don't
trust that video is what I'm saying just
because it agrees with what you want it
to say let's see there's a real
interesting situation I think CNN was
reporting on this there's a barber shop
in Colorado that is going to open up
against the governor's wishes now I'm a
little unclear about guidelines versus
laws like I don't know exactly where
these economic shutdown guidelines sit
in terms of how enforceable they are or
forceable it's a sort of a gray area but
this is going to be a good test case
because apparently there are conflicting
conflicting guidelines from this barber
shops county which the county would
suggest it would be okay to open up if
they do the right things which they have
done but the governor directly says
don't open up because the state's
guidelines are you know a little bit
different than the county so it looks
like this barber shop is gonna try to
open up anyway and we'll see what
happens now this is an interesting test
case because I was saying in my
periscope last night that and
individuals and individuals can easily
do social disobedience if you said two
individuals hey let's all just go to the
beach let's go to a protest you can get
that going pretty easily and the number
of individuals can can easily overwhelm
you know any any law enforcement so
that's a thing that can happen but what
I think can't happen is businesses using
social disobedience because businesses
are sort of trapped everybody knows who
they are that you know they can't run
away with other identity there are a
hundred ways for a government to hurt a
business it's just too much of a risk
for a business to risk its entire you
know the future to open up if the
governor is telling you they're going to
send the police or I don't know what the
hell are they gonna do something bad you
know you you got to think that the
government could find enough levers to
shut down an individual business small
businesses especially and the big
businesses won't take the chance yeah I
don't think you'll see a fortune 500
company bucking the government and
opening so I think the government has a
total lock on keeping the economy closed
as long as it wants and here I'm talking
about the governor's in particular if
the governor is what you'd not open I
don't think you're doing it even if you
think you can do social obedience
I just don't know there's a practical
way to do it it's too risky
a small business here's a
one-dimensional thinker
Bryan Cranston famous actor you know
from Breaking Bad he tweeted the other
day or yesterday
I've stopped worrying about the
president's sanity he's not sane so he's
he's determined with all of his medical
credentials that the president is not
sane the 64 year old actor wrote and
then he goes on and the realization of
his illness doesn't fill me with anger
but with profound sadness what I now
worry about is the sanity of anyone who
can still support this deeply troubled
man to lead our country so Bryan
Cranston I asked you this question
have you noticed that the people who
voted for the president are quite happy
that he delivered or is trying hard to
deliver exactly what they wanted so
Bryan Cranston is it insane for a
conservative to say you know I'd like
some conservative judges let's see if
this President Trump could get me some
yes he can he can get you a lot of
conservative judges if a conservative
said I'd like to negotiate harder with
China did they get that yes did they get
a lot more at least energy around tried
to shut the border I mean it's hard but
they got all the energy in the world I
mean Trump is not backing down one bit
he's like he's like the Energizer Bunny
he's not getting many more miles of wall
belt but certainly the Conservatives are
getting more wall from him than they
would from the alternative so what
exactly would make the Conservatives
crazy if they if they started out with
saying here's my list of things I want
so did you see my list these are all the
things I want from a president and then
they elected the president and then the
president started going down the list
check here's your judges check here's
your tax cut check here's your less
regulations
checked here's your China negotiations
check I started the wall it's hard I
mean I'm gonna be like you know pushing
and pushing on every mile of this wall
but you watch me working on it I
promised and I'm doing it I'm working on
that wall you can see it yourself yes
not as good as any of us wants but I'm
getting there so what does Bryan
Cranston see that makes him blind to the
fact that among the people who voted for
Trump he has something like plus ninety
percent approval how do you now see that
is it crazy to have a list of things you
want elect somebody who gives you all
the things on the list and then to say
well maybe we should do some more of
this because it worked the first time
those weird so I would call it Bryan
Cranston a one-dimensional thinker I
don't think he's even gotten to the
second dimension where he can imagine
that other people have priorities and
preferences and they figured out a way
to achieve them all right the big news
on Fox News which they they can't let go
of and and they shouldn't because it's
important is that Joe Biden is getting a
total pass from the left-leaning media
under the allegations the b-two
allegations and it really is conspicuous
now you know for a while for a little
while I was telling myself okay maybe
they think there's something different
about these allegations
you know maybe they think there's
something especially non-credible about
them so so that's where they're lying
off maybe maybe they're really looking
at the big picture maybe they're saying
well you know President Trump has
accusations Biden as accusations well
it's a tie but I don't think any of
that's happening it appears to be that
the left-leaning media is just not even
trying to be news anymore because if
this isn't news what the hell is news I
don't know what to do is this
if this isn't news all right um so
anyway we watch with fascination as the
news business becomes the hiding the
news business because here you're saying
that we've seen let's say the New York
Times is removing actual news at least
one employee of it of a technology
that's vital to the you know vital to
the conversation we don't know if it's
vital to the solution yet we see
huffington post literally just making up
news to try to cancel out the real news
is the news even news anymore it seems
like the news at least half of their
work is to remove information that's
good that's already gotten out there
it's like they've stopped they've gone
to whatever is the next level you know
the the first level as well we used to
think the news was credible but then the
first level of badness is that some of
the news is fake so now you're like god
it's hard to tell some of it's fake some
of us real you know what am I gonna do
as consumer I can't tell so that's the
first level of badness but if it feels
that they've gone to the next level
which is they're making up stuff that
didn't happen Russia collusion etc
president advising people to you know
inject in disinfectants things that
literally they just made up
all right that's bad enough but now
they've gone to the next level
where they're trying to actually remove
the true news this stuff that's already
out there then is true they're trying to
claw it back so that there's nothing
left so they're no longer happy with
well we got some true news we got some
fake news they can't live in a world
where there's also true news apparently
they can't survive together and the fake
news is eating the real news and winning
I mean I just gave you three examples
Huffington Post canceled though some
probably realer news with some fake news
you know some misreporting on a study
your times literally had something
scrubbed off the internet that was
important and true and then and then the
Biden stuff is literally just hiding the
news literally just hiding it so
somebody says being paid by Zero Hedge
Scotty my boy you're the dumbest
guy who's been in here lately like do
you think that Zero Hedge and I have
some kind of association good luck with
that idiot all right I like the people
who are stupid and condescending at the
same time I don't know if anything
bothers me more than watching somebody
who is condescendingly smug it's so
ridiculously wrong at the same time in
public like that guy oh I guess you're
getting paid by Zero Hedge now huh
Scotty let Scotty oh I see
those people you know as others have
observed I think I think we're all
getting a little cranky I don't know if
you've noticed but have you noticed be
getting crankier yeah with the shutdown
maybe a little bit maybe a little bit Oh
somebody says Devi is female Oh
DAV you why so the reporter for The New
York Times not that it matters it
doesn't doesn't change the story in any
way but just a correction somebody is
telling me that Devi is a woman state so
I stand corrected somebody says there's
no way Zero Hedge can afford Scott true
true they could not afford me if they
tried somebody says cedars-sinai denied
being in a trial with that Light Company
well I'd need to see that story now if
it turns out that that's why the story
was removed that I would say well at
least they have you know at least they
have something there but given that the
technology
you know is worth looking at whether
that trial happened or not because I was
talking about the technology before the
news of that trial that may or may not
be fake news happened so my decision to
talk about it was independent of whether
they had a trial going if they do have a
trial going it's more strength of the
case if they don't it's the same thing I
reported on before then all right let's
see I think I had a few more questions
on here no I don't that's all I wanted
to talk about somebody says take back
the c-word does that work can you take
back words in the past Oh somebody's
somebody's pointing out that I used the
c-word before I do that Devi was female
Oh that'll be fun will I be canceled
today for that god I hope so what would
be more fun than the fake news trying to
cancel me for using that word about this
particular situation oh my god that
would be fun please throw me in that
briar patch
I want to go on I want to be interviewed
and asked why I use that word please
please let me be interviewed on live
television to explain why I use such
profanity in such an inappropriate way
if there's a God in heaven please put me
on CNN to explain myself please that's
all I ask
all right this slaughter meter updates
well I heard there's some kind of out of
digital Town Hall or something with
Kabul Harris coming up
and don't worry I'm not taking you back
that trust me the c-word is not going
back that one's out there and that's
gonna stay out there somebody says talk
to Bjorn Lomborg on Sweden that is a
great idea that is the best idea of the
day I think I might do that okay
somebody says the UK doesn't care about
the c-word I think that's that's closer
to being true than than not true you
might have it you might have the
coronavirus maybe maybe you never know
I'd like to find out that's for sure
interview Trump I'd love to alright just
looking at your comments I guess I got
not much more discuss gavin newsom 75
million dollar grant to california's
undocumented workers well here's the
thing
an emergency is emergency rules what you
do in emergency need not have any direct
correlation with what you would do in a
non-emergency in the non-emergency it
would make not a lot of sense to
willingly give your money and resources
to people who are not citizens because
doing so willing you know more people
will come in but that's not really the
situation you know the situation of an
emergency we're not really worried about
people being attracted into the country
because you know the borders kind of
lock down etc and whatever we do during
the emergency would be known to be
temporary so it's not going to have some
lasting effect on whether people come
into the country so given that because
it's an emergency it's not some kind of
a standard that we would have to
necessarily worry about forever does it
make sense to save people's lives who
happen to be physically in the country
but not legally
in the answer is of course of course
and can you do it without money you
can't am I happy that people who came
into the country would benefit from some
of my money being given to them
well I've conceptually know you
politically know in terms of a long-term
trend absolutely not because it would
encourage more people to come in and
take my money until and unless saying
with you but we're not talking about a
long-term situation we're talking about
an emergency and we're talking about
money that doesn't exist if if you said
Scott I would like to take some of your
money your tax money and give it to
people who are not legal residents I
would say well let me let me you know
look at the pros and the cons of that
but in our current situation we're
spending money that doesn't even exist
it's not my money it's not your money
it's nobody's money it's not even real
money it's just printing money so I
don't know if our system will collapse
because we printed too much money I you
know I've got a degree in economics and
I can't figure out where things are
going but I will tell you we're printing
free money because either the either the
system is going to completely collapse
in which case it didn't matter that we
did it anyway we've got to spend it
while we were still alive so it was free
money and if the and if the system
doesn't someday collapse because of it
well that it was free money so either
everything goes to hell in which case at
least we enjoyed it as best we could for
as long as we could by printing or free
money or we figure out how to get
through this okay in which case it was
free money now you can make the argument
that oh you know if you get through it
somebody's gonna have to pay for it in
the form of inflation somebody's gonna
have to pay for it in terms of debt if
any of it is death and I guess that's
true but I will tell you that everything
we think is obvious and predictable and
the numbers indicate will happen it
never seems to happen have you noticed
that pattern
everything you think has to happen
because that's where the numbers are you
know look at the numbers this has to
happen there's no way you can just spend
forever but time after time we do things
that the numbers say shouldn't work and
then they work apparently we're not good
at knowing what works and what doesn't
so the larger picture is this if there's
somebody standing in your living room
and they're starving to death do you say
to yourself I'm not going to give you my
extra sandwich yes extra I don't need it
I'm not gonna give you my extra sandwich
I'm gonna let you starve to death on my
living room floor who does that
nobody nobody so yes I favor I realize
this is the least popular thing they'll
probably ever say I favor governor do
some making some funds available to feed
at least feed the the people who didn't
have a way to feed themselves and are
stuck in this country it's not like they
can easily go home right that's the
whole emergency problem so yes we have
to feed people who can't feed themselves
in an emergency and if you can argue
with that I'll like you let me just say
that if you're gonna debate whether you
could let somebody starve to death
sitting in your living room while you
have an extra sandwich because you're
worried about the long-term consequences
of which there would be none because
it's a special case they should not last
forever I I'm not sure I like you right
but I totally agree with the general
concept that you have to have strong
borders because you have to get the
incentives right or the whole system
breaks down and the incentives should
not be hey let's move to this country
get some free money but I'm certainly
gonna feed somebody starving somebody
says there's no extra sandwich well
there's an extra sandwich in the sense
that we're just printing free money and
we don't know if that actually will ever
cost us anything I'll talk about more
about that in the future I'd like to get
a real economist on here when I do that
where can we find the heel light to UV
insertion video which platform I here it
might have been restored to at least one
of the platforms and I hear some of em
you know but I don't know that somebody
says they disagree respectfully well let
me let me just say this if you would let
somebody starve to death on your floor
while there is still extra food and it
looks like we probably won't run out of
food you have to look at yourself in the
mirror yeah you certainly have that
choice
it's a free country and you get to make
that choice but take a good look at
yourself if that's the person you want
to be I won't stop you
what kind of sandwich straw man nobody
is starving well nobody's starving yet
say that people always make that that
temporal problem that let me put it this
way nuclear we don't have to worry about
nuclear war because there's never been a
nuclear war yet is that a good analysis
we don't have to worry about the
temperature going up 10 degrees a year
it's not but let's say it was we don't
have to worry about that going up 10
degrees a year because it's not that hot
this year right you know try to get at
least your time zones correct if you're
going to compare two things you can
download from their website the he liked
website Vimeo bit shoot also somebody
saying so--but shoot it would be there
if it got banned on YouTube probably all
right all right that's all for me and I
will talk to you tonight somebody says
please do an entire episode addressing
the economics I think I might do that
with a guest there I have a guest in
mind and I will
all right suggestion accepted and I'll
talk to you tonight