hey is anybody
here I know the sound is bad I'm not
using a
microphone I've tried three microphones
in 24
hours and three microphones in a row do
not work but sometimes they do I don't
know why yet I'll work it out anyway
let's talk about a few things the news
before I have to hit the road but before
we
do it's time to share the simultaneous
sip raise your cup your mug and join me
for the simultaneous
hip all
right so you all saw the news that the
uh the mysterious phone call placed by
Don Jr to some blocked or uh unavailable
not I guess called the block
number turned out to be not a call to
the president not a call to his father
and so one of the biggest pillars of
the fake uh one of the biggest pillars
of the fake Russia collusion
story
is uh that that phone call happened and
blah blah blah so we're watching little
by little as the the Russia collusion
illusion starts evaporating and it's
just one little thing at a time and this
is this is one more thing that that
evaporated um now I would like
to test my predictive
Powers um I'm going to make a claim that
I'm better at uh spotting fake news than
the average person and that there's
there's technique to it now obviously I
got taken in by the
Covington the Covington fake video so uh
there there's no such thing as 100 100%
accurate ability to identify fake
news
but yesterday I think I lost about a
thousand Twitter users in the last 24
hours uh because it turns out that if
you say hey I think the video you're
watching is
unclear what people hear when you say
the video you're watching may not be as
clear as you think it is they hear I'm
in favor of killing
babies now I wish I was I wish I were
kidding about that but I'm not in favor
of killing babies but I'm very much in
favor of clearly understanding what the
issue is and um when the when the video
of the Virginia governor first came out
social media's
interpretation now I'm just talking
about social media their immediate
interpretation
was that uh a live baby could be born
healthy and that if the woman thought
that she would be mentally distressed by
being a mother she could kill the
baby now it's no laughing matter except
that literally nobody contemplated that
right that nobody thought that was
actually a plan it was not in the Bill
here's here's having now read the
language and and by the way
I'll bet at least 34 of you still think
this is real news at least the part I'm
talking about now the part that is real
news is it that the law involved late
term abortions and most of you don't
like late term abortions I don't know
who does uh but I'm not arguing I'm not
arguing abortion here so nothing I say
that comes nothing that comes out of my
mouth is an opinion on abortion okay I'm
just talking about whether we proceed
what somebody said correctly so when you
look at the actual language of the bill
somebody finally sent that to me it
seemed obvious that none of the people
talking about it had ever read it so I
it looked obvious to me that the author
of The Bill had not read it I don't I'm
not sure that the governor had read it
uh none of us had read it the news
hadn't read it so you maybe somebody had
read it but it looks like at least part
of the problem is that the people
involved hadn't even read it so so it
would have been hard for them to clarify
something that they that they didn't
know but here's here's the part that uh
the news is still getting wrong at least
at least on Fox News it looks like it
looks like they're still reporting this
backwards and that is that the law
contemplated that the so-called mental
problems of the mother are not are not
just simple distress or gosh I'm upset
or I'm going to be uh I'm going to be
anxious or something because say I have
a baby it was nothing like that that was
all fake news what what the bill talked
about is if the mother um had a high
risk of either dying from the pregnancy
had if the pregnancy went its turn and
delivered uh the mother would have a
high chance of dying
or or having mental damage like actually
being brain damaged now apparently there
must be some situations in which uh a
mother can be brain damaged by something
going wrong with the pregnancy now I'm
no doctor but the point is that the the
fake news was that the baby could be
born alive and then the mother could
have could say that for her mental
health it's okay to kill the baby that
was never the law all right that was not
the proposed law and that's still being
still being reported I think as
something like true now those those of
you who are screaming but it's late term
abortions you're just on the wrong
topic nobody's talking about the
abortion law yet all right nothing I've
said is is Pro or against abortion or
any particular abortion law I'm only
talking about whether we saw the
information correctly and then you can
make your own decisions on the uh on the
morality of it but I would like to claim
that as a complete Victory because from
moment one I said to myself no there is
no there is no chance that uh what
they're talking about is a lie of
healthy baby being born and then the
mother can kill it because she doesn't
feel good about it that was never true
no matter who said what no matter how
garbled the message no matter how poorly
written the bill was that was never the
case that anybody contemplated that as a
law so uh
let's talk about the uh the border
security
conversation now as many people have
pointed out I I've been saying forever
that the only way we'll know that
something um smart and useful is going
to come out of the working group that's
talking about the budget for the border
the only way we're going to get a
credible useful solution is if you're
already hearing about the experts being
interviewed and you're seeing some
pictures of the very ious plans but
we're seeing nothing like that which
means they're not even trying which
means it's just a political process so
if it's a political process then I think
the the president has cleverly allowed
the government to prove that it it's it
can't function so what what is being
proven while we watch is that we don't
have a functioning government largely
because of the media the media has so
polarized the teams that everything is a
win for one side or a loss for the other
then nobody can get past that nobody can
actually talk about the details of
border security in a productive way
because we can't get past winning and
losing and that's primarily the media is
is who you know keeps people in their
camps so I would say that the government
no longer functions in its normal way
because the media has changed so much
that it can't let the government
function it's the media is no longer a
watchdog so the media is now a divider
as opposed to a watchdog and that's the
problem now under that those um Scott
doesn't want to discuss killing
babies here let me let me block you for
that
um so those of you who are trying to
drag me into a fight on uh on um
abortion my opinion is that and my
opinion should not influence anything on
abortion so my opinion is that you
should ignore my opinion I'm going to
stick with that okay
uh so
we're so
uh my mic was not working fine earlier I
played it back and it was a hot
mess so uh I did check that of
course all right what was I talking
about oh so the president has now
created a situation in which he can
declare an
emergency because the government doesn't
work it will look like he did his best
to give everybody a legitimate chance to
do it through normal normal mechanisms
and it just won't happen now here's what
here's what a good solution would look
like uh and here's what I would here's
what I would call good work by this team
let's say the working team it's it's got
some Democrats it's got some Republicans
let's say they can't
agree I'm okay with the Democrats and
the Republicans not agreeing so long as
and here's the key and here's what to
look for so long as they both produce an
easyto read plan that is their preferred
plan in other words if if they don't
agree on a plan I I won't be delighted
but I will be happy if they both can Pro
provide a plan that's the Democrat plan
maybe it's more more sensors and
electronic stuff whatever it is the
Democrat plan and then the Republican
plan and show it to the public because
the public is now engaged we need to see
the plan let us look at the Democrat
plan let's let us expose it to the
sunlight it might be better uh I might
be the only person involved in this
conversation right now who says there's
entirely a chance
I don't know what the odds are but
there's a very good chance that the
Democrat plan will be better in terms of
better use of the money bang for the
buck how would I know let's see that
plan let's talk to The Experts let's get
them on TV let's let's the experts say
what's the weak Parts the strong parts
let's compare the budgets let's let the
public see it anything short of that is
just
BS if what comes out of this is a bunch
of words and no agreement then we can't
say that they tried all right that would
not look like trying trying would look
like hey we got an agreement we could
all live with we all gave up something
that would look like trying and the
other thing that would look like trying
is we can't get together but here are
our two plans one Democrat plan one
Republican hey public let's see what the
public thinks about this let's let's
invite the experts in to comment if we
get to that I would say that the
president need not declare um an
emergency because that would still look
like a productive process just a little
unusual because it calls the public in
to to look at it directly but if we
don't see that if the only thing that
comes out of it is we can't agree it
doesn't look like we'll agree and we've
produced absolutely nothing for the
public to look at even if at the end of
this you don't have a picture with a
with a breakdown of the budget if you
don't have that nothing happened and in
that case the government is broken
because of the media and I I think the
president would be on safe ground to
declare it an emergency and of course
everybody will argue is it technically
an emergency is it technically a crisis
here's the answer to that it doesn't
matter does it matter we have a problem
and the government apparently is not the
right mechanism for fixing it you know
the normal mechanism of Congress we
tried it didn't work not only did it not
work which is what I imagin is going to
come out of this not only will we know
it didn't work but they won't even do
the next best thing which is to at least
show us two different plans and say we
tried this is why we think our plan is
better we're not going to back off that
would be okay that would be that would
be a work product that I could respect
even if I don't agree with it
yeah and of course the news and the
pundits will be all twisted up about the
definition of words let's talk about the
word emergency let's talk about the word
crisis let's talk about the word
humanitarian and crisis talking about
the words doesn't change anything but
that's all you're going to see on the
news is because it's easy to talk about
the definition of words it's hard to
make anything happen
so um the president has the strongest
hand he's had so
far um unless right now I think the only
chance that the Democrats have of
prevailing is to
uh is to produce a plan that we can look
at that looks pretty good because they
might uh you may have seen that
President Trump said that Kam Kamala
Harris looks like the strongest
competitor right
now and I think he's right but did do
her uh a clever trick um in which she
she's trying to bring up the the the
criminalization she wants I guess she
wants the federal government to pass a
law to make it a hate crime to
Lynch and now most of you are going to
say the same thing I'm saying which is
um are you telling me it wasn't already
a hate crime to
Lynch what the hell didn't didn't all of
us believe that was already a hate crime
I mean if that's not a hate crime what
what the heck is a hate crime if that's
not a hate
crime what does hate crime even mean so
I'm a little confused about why it needs
to be a law and why it's not already a
law I guess is the better way to say
it but uh it it was a beautiful trap
because since the Republicans are
springloaded to disagree with Cala
Harris no matter what she says she says
why don't we make it illegal illegal uh
why don't we make it a hate crime
uh if there's a
lynching how do you how do you get on
the other side of that you know how can
you argue that there's there's any other
side than saying lynching of course is a
hate crime we should treat it that way
so it's a brilliant trap because it's
forcing a lot of people to act as though
that's not important or or to to to
argue the technicalities of it if you're
arguing the
technicalities of lynching
you are losing all right never get an
argument about the legal technicality of
lynching it's like well yeah of course
we nobody likes lynching but maybe in
this specific situation no no do not do
that don't don't parse anything don't
you know don't you know finally trim
anything do not get in that
conversation the the only the only
correct answer to that is
uh lynching is a hate crime period And
if if the law needs to adjust for that
why not all right it's a ham-handed
tactic yes it's a clever clever
ham-handed tactic but ham-handed just
the same now Kamala is a lawyer some
somebody prompted me Hillary Clinton was
a
lawyer I have to think that the easiest
type a person to be would be a lawyer
for this President because he I think he
matches up well against lawyers lawyers
are going to be a little little dry and
Technical and that doesn't sell as well
as whatever the heck president Trump
does which tends to sell pretty well
that leasts to his
base um so
here
uh see most of you are are uh falling
into the Trap even now so I'm seeing in
the comments people saying stuff like
wait a minute I thought lynching was
already
murderer any conversation you have like
that sounds a little like you didn't
quite completely uh agree with the fact
that lynching is a hate crime don't
argue the
details I'm warning you do not argue the
details don't argue the meaning of words
it just makes you it just makes you fall
into the
Trap so Spartacus has announced and if
there were not a woman of
color uh in this race then I would say
Spartacus would be a strong Contender
because um if you saw the list I tweeted
this out CNN had a list of all the
moderate Democrats and by coincidence
all of the moderate de Democrats were
old white guys I think there were eight
or nine of them on their list they were
all old white guys that they they
labeled
moderate and I'm thinking was that the
new word for old white guy moderate um
but none of the old white guys are
really viable to use the abortion word
uh they're not really viable as
candidates for president for the
Democrats because they have too much
diversity there that needs to be
serviced in one way or the other so Cala
has at least twice as twice as
nominat as Corey Booker and he is
nominat I mean he's he's got he's got
the res you know he's a he's a he's a
black man in America at a time when
that's an advantage
politically uh but she's got twice twice
as much good stuff as he has because
she's a woman and she's a woman of color
and I don't think the Democrats
really uh on an average can see past
that you know the the surface stuff far
enough to deal even with
policies uh Biden doesn't have a
chance um you know it would have been
the best way for Cory Booker to
announce he should he just should have
said I am Sparticus and just go with it
maybe not I don't know but it feels it
feels like he should own it instead of
let it own him uh I I think I would have
fun with that if I were him you know and
don't become Pocahontas The Trouble with
pocah hunas is she she fought the
nickname the whole time that just makes
it stickier I think you could just
embrace it and it's funny and just go
with it and maybe that would work but
you can't get elected I don't think he
can get elected as long as Kamal is in
the race so um
I think that's all I got I better get
ready to go and I'll talk to you later
but I did not want you to miss coffee
with Scott Adams and I'll talk to you
later