but uh Papa home hey everybody I'm back
for another bonus periscope it also
involves the simultaneous sip if you
missed it earlier you get to catch up
now different topic your favorite topics
but it starts with the simultaneous it
alright I want to talk a little bit
about the crazy bomber as far as I know
we don't have any new information about
today that tells us too much but I
wanted to put a framework on this in
terms of people talking about whether
the president has incited this situation
and it occurred to me that people
watching the president this president
president Trump don't quite understand
the theater that he brings to it now
he's been criticized for being hey
you're you're a reality TV guy in
politics well I don't think people see
the power in that because what the
President does is he inhabits different
characters like as if you were in a play
and I want to give you an example of
some of them so for example you may have
noticed we'll go to the white board that
based on the setting President Trump
takes on a different character for
example when he's doing his rallies he
talks like a wrestler and when I say a
wrestler I mean like you know TV
wrestler where they they talk about how
they're going to beat up their enemies
and they're gonna be tough and
everything is kind of exaggerated big
now if he took his rally personality
which is sort of like a wrestler and he
brought it into let's say a diplomatic
situation that wouldn't go very well but
it is the perfect personality for
energizing a Jag
take stadium full of people so he brings
the personality to the setting that's
the right match okay so he brings sort
of a WWE wrestler personality bigger
than life hey I could choose somebody on
Fifth Avenue
I like body slamming beat that guy up
I'll pay for the medical records the
people in the rally
apparently understand what's going on in
other words they've gone to an
entertainment venue an entertainer comes
on he happens to be the president and
the entertainer takes on the personality
that makes sense in that context he's
entertaining the people know he's
entertaining they take it as that
now some people are not mentally stable
and they might see this and say hey
everything he says is true maybe I
should act on it that's a little
dangerous I'm not saying it's not
dangerous I'm just putting it in context
when he's in the White House that's
probably when he does his best
deal-making I say that because he talked
about the importance of the setting all
right the place that you negotiate and
and the the variables in that place and
time are a big factor in success
could you imagine a better place to
negotiate than in the White House
because anybody who comes into the White
House's just sort of taken in by the awe
of and all and so in the White House
he's sort of a deal maker sort of a boss
and a deal maker when he's overseas he
acts like his Statesman have you been
surprised or not surprised that when he
does his international trips everything
goes great because when he does his
international trips and he's talking to
foreign leaders he's not playing the
wrestler he's not really playing a deal
maker at least not internationally as
much as as much as you'd expect because
probably those deals are either made or
not made before he gets there on Twitter
he plays a different character he plays
a bully who else plays a bully
on Twitter everybody interesting that's
what Twitter is Twitter is a place you
go to bully each other if if you're not
going to be a bully and you don't want
to be bullied Twitter sort of the wrong
place for you so when he goes to Twitter
he brings his Twitter bully personality
how many times have I been bullied on
Twitter just this morning a lot right
I've been bullied on Twitter people have
called the yummy that I've been insulted
for my personality my looks my comic
strip my talent my character that's a
pretty long list so when you say
somebody is a Blue Star user of Twitter
and he's a bully it's almost redundant
because you're getting bullied and
you're probably giving it back at about
the same rate so that personality fits
really well with Twitter is it is it an
accident the President Trump has an
enormous Twitter base it's not an
accident because he brought the
personality to Twitter that works really
well on Twitter you don't go to Twitter
and act like you're somewhere else you
act like you're on Twitter and I'm not
saying that's a bad thing I'm just
saying that if you go on Twitter
it's a bullying kind of setting and you
got to expect some of that so he
definitely does some bullying on Twitter
but does he do bullying in the other
situations well not in the same kind of
sense he picks his spots it's a
different kind of approach for every
sense if he's talking to kids he goes
into grandfather mode you've seen him
when kids are in the Oval Office he just
goes into grandfather mode I've seen him
personally most of you know I got a
chance to meet him in the Oval Office we
chatted for a little while and I saw yet
another personality which was
appropriate to the small setting which
is a really
fun engaging charismatic guy so
one-on-one completely different
personality because he picks his
personality to match the setting he
brings theater to his situations and he
brings the character that gets him the
right result here's the problem if you
look at his rally personality or his
Twitter personality and you imagined
that that's his personality you've sort
of missed the bigger picture that he
matches the personality to the scenario
to get the best result so if you put him
with a group of Girl Scouts would he act
like a bully
you know let's say it was the president
meeting a roomful of Girl Scouts would
he bully them probably not because he
brings the personality if it's the
situation so when you see the news
criticizing him for talking like this
and then being afraid that it'll go all
wrong if he goes overseas that doesn't
make sense because he doesn't bring that
personality overseas and anytime you see
that he's criticized for the wrong
personality just ask yourself wait a
minute is it the wrong personality for
that setting so when you see people say
that the president has incited the
bomber we should ask to what degree you
know what to what degree is the
President and citing people in his
rallies there's no evidence that people
don't understand what he's doing it
seems to me and baby maybe early on
there was a little more confusion
including the people on his side but I'm
pretty sure there's something close to a
hundred percent of the people who attend
his rallies know that he's taking on a
personality for that purpose and they
don't take it too seriously if he says
you know beat up this person and rough
up this person it's just part of the act
all right
now I've said before that the president
does talk in this way and there is
certainly a risk that people who are
unhinged will not understand that it's
part of the act and that they might act
on it so you can't say that it's never
happened or it wouldn't happen or it
didn't happen it's just impossible to
measure but let's take a look at what
the president does versus what the press
the anti-trump press does don't you need
both of those things to raise the
temperature imagine if you will that the
press talked about the president the way
I am which is not illegitimate is it I I
just said he has different personalities
and different settings and you could
observe that that's true so imagine if
the press reported it the same way I
just described it which I think you
agree is is not biased these are
different personalities in different
contexts so imagine that he said
something like you know I'm glad that's
politician bodyslam that that guy if the
press had reported it the following way
what would be the result President Trump
today in his rally personality was
pretending like he was in favor of you
know body slamming a reporter that the
crowd laughed
suppose I had just been reported that
way that's not that's not bias is it he
said something in his rally personality
the crowd laughed that could be the
whole story but if you were biased and
you're trying to paint the president as
a monster you'll you'll say wow I think
he's incited a bomber because he's
talking about violence and the bomber
did something that looks like violence
so you have to have two elements you've
got to have the president saying stuff
the raw materials that then the news is
reporting but it absolutely requires the
news to put it in bad contact
for it to be weaponized for it to be
weaponized so I would say that the
president does say things that if he
wanted to avoid the the news weaponizing
them he probably could say things
differently but here's the problem when
we imagine that we can give the
president advice on the way he
communicates if you had gone back in
time to 2015 and said okay you're the
president's or the candidates advisor
your president Trump's advisor as a
candidate tell him what to do and he'll
take your advice would he have become
president with your advice probably not
probably not whatever the president is
doing and whatever he did to become
president appears to work at the same
time all of us who were observing are
absolutely positive that we have a
better way of how he should have done
that but we didn't become president so
you have to have a little bit of
humility about how certainly you are
that your method is better than his
method when you observe that his method
keeps working now it doesn't work
without a cost so you could argue quite
persuasively that uh you know that
raised the temperature too much and
there's a price to this and yeah that
would be a valid argument but none of
this temperature rising would happen
unless you've also got the press the
best example I like to use is the
Charlottesville hoax as I call it the
hoax is this when the president was
saying that there are nice people on
both sides the both sides that should be
understood by anybody watching this
situation is that it was a protest about
people who wanted to keep these statues
the the civil war-era statues and people
who wanted to get rid of them the
president is saying both of those groups
have good people in it the press took
the context and chain
to say that he was saying that the
people who were who were saying
anti-semitic things and marching with
the tiki torches were fine people when
the president was asked to clarify he
clarified that he did not mean that they
were fine people and he disavowed them
now if the news had reported what I just
said which is there was a little bit of
ambiguity about what he said so we asked
him to clarify and thank God he
clarified that he's not supporting the
racists it sounded a little bit like
maybe he was saying that but it's a good
thing he clarified that was the whole
story that was the whole story or should
have been but it was reported and you'll
see this on CNN continuously the pundits
will say and he called the the racist
fine people and the host whatever host
it is just let that go just let it go as
if that's a fact it's not a fact it's a
hoax
and it's reported repeatedly and I would
guess that the Charlottesville hoax more
than just about any other fake news has
turned up the heat in this country so
that people just yeah Juan Williams said
it yesterday on the five I saw that and
every time that goes by unchallenged it
creates a much worse situation in this
country and I don't think you can blame
that on the president because he did
clarify and remember I have the 48 hour
rule that says if you've said something
that offends were might be ambiguous
just give the person 48 hours to clarify
and which he did all right let's talk
about while we're talking about hoaxes
let me say something that will trigger
most of you I can't figure out what the
problem is with George Soros and some of
you have observed that I'm running I
guess you'd call it a public experiment
and it's an experiment except I'm not
I'm not hiding anything so it's all
completely public there's no hidden
motive here so what I've done is I've
asked people to essentially convince me
that George Soros is as bad as everybody
says that he's the big bogeyman and here
are the types of the types of responses
I'm getting so that you can see what my
point is one response I'll get is that
when he was 14 years old he collaborated
with Nazis to remove yeah you're seeing
it in the comments a Nazi collaborator
number one that's based entirely upon a
hoax video most of you don't know that
it's a hoax video it is George Soros on
60 minutes saying things in his own
voice and so most of you say well that's
not a hoax
I watched it myself it's his own video
it's his own language but it's edited to
remove the part in which he says he just
was an observer so in context he was
just a person who existed at that time
if you believe the Soros said he enjoyed
it and he participated in taking
gleefully anticipated gleefully was part
of the Nazi movement you have been
hoaxed but on top of that what the hell
does that have to do with 2018 if your
problem is that Soros is a current
problem it is not relevant that he did
something at age 14 and the thing you
think you did at age 14 is actually a
hoax it's taken out of context you can
see it on Snopes you can see the full
full interview all right now I know
Snopes as you think is biased but they
show the full interview so the interview
does it someone talking now some people
say but what about the time he
manipulated this or that currency or
this or that market and made money and
therefore he's evil maybe that you could
certainly have a judgment about that but
that's not really about the political
political stuffies doing it's just
another topic you could certainly judge
them for being a high finance guy who's
taking advantage of the system in a
legal way and those of you who are
claiming you're calling foul because I
used Snopes as a source all I'm saying
is that they have the full video you
don't have to believe anything about
Snopes just watch the video and you'll
see that you've been hoaxed and it
requires no credibility for Snopes
whatsoever alright the other thing so
the two biggest things people say he
manipulated currencies and this was that
case or markets and this of that case
and they did something in 14 don't
really have anything to do with his
political work so let's talk about the
political work so the first 2 things are
indications of of some kind of cognitive
dissonance because it's people who
believe that those two things are
relevant to political things in 2018 and
they just clearly are not but what they
say about the political things is that
Soros is a funder of these various
organizations that are left-leaning
or very left and there are organizations
that most of you don't like most of you
on this video so I've said that's a good
point what percentage of those budgets
is Soros responsible for and then
there's a big silence because if you
don't know well let me put it this way
if you know the dollar amount he gave
that's the beginning of something useful
that you could know it's the beginning
but you kind of have to know the full
budget and who else's is giving to these
organizations to have an opinion on it
because if the problem is that whoever
saying so naive you have to leave give
reasons or else you're your but you're
supporting my argument so anybody on
here who says Scott you're so naive
that's all you say remember you're
supporting my argument my argument is
that you don't have any reasons so if
you complain about me and you don't give
a reason and you have plenty of space in
this comment you don't have to give
detail you could say but what about the
time he did X okay so yes so judicial
watch I just tweeted about them this
morning they they have documents they've
shown that Soros has contributed to
various organizations that do things
that you don't like I take that as true
what percentage has he donated let me
give you some context the reason I asked
this and I don't know this is true but
this is what I read recently that he
donated to Media Matters Media Matters
is an evil organization that sends
trolls after people like me
right so I've been a victim of the media
matters trolls in fact they're out this
week if you've seen my Twitter feed you
can see all the all the trolls that came
out around the election have all come
out because they all say the same thing
and they all have about the same number
of followers you know the low 200s and
you know there's not much else about
them so Media Matters is evil
Soros gives money to Media Matters so
far I'm pretty sure that's a fact and
we're all in the same page how much does
he give to them I heard that it was a
million dollars in 2010 in 2010 what was
the budget of media matters around 30
million since then so about one
thirtieth of Media Matters money came
from Soros what is the percentage and by
the way I don't know that that's true
that's just based on some stuff I read
and a source that I'm not sure is
necessarily true but the question is
could we see a list of the things he
donates to and then see what percentage
of their budget it is because if it's
one thirtieth I don't think he's a big
factor he's just a guy who's giving to a
lot of things if it was 130
and he hasn't given to the same
organization since 2010 I'm not sure
that's anything so if you were to say
let's say this is true that he gave a
million dollars in 2010
well that was eight years ago and it
would be one thirtieth of it I'm not
saying it's good Media Matters is evil
if he gave money to them he supported
evil but in a kind of a trivial way so
if your if your point is that he's
important it is not demonstrated by the
money he gave to Media Matters
if it was one thirtieth of their budget
and he hasn't given any money since 2010
all of which needs fact-checking
I'm just giving you some framework to
understand it all right I don't know if
that's true or not
likewise the everything from the caravan
etc now let's look at the funding of the
caravan as we learned in my prior
periscope the caravan is mostly a
caravan to give themselves protection
from the cartels because it's too
dangerous too or you have to pay off the
cartel it's just too dangerous unless
you're in a big group so the real reason
for the caravans is to keep them safe to
get from a bad situation to a good one
now did Soros have fund anything
involved with the caravan it's possible
when he wrote the check for whoever he
funded did he know it would be to
support the caravan that's not in
evidence
it's possible they he funded
organizations that do sort of generally
good things for immigrants and some of
that money found its way into this
caravan situation because somebody
thinks it's genuinely good for
immigrants but what percentage of their
budget came from Soros and did he know
that that's what they were going to do
with it maybe but it's not in evidence
so people are asking me if Soros is
blackmailing me so here's why I talked
about Soros not because I necessarily
care too much
what what's interesting to me about it
is that it has every sign of being a
derangement scenario in which people
imagine that he is more powerful and
more evil than he is that doesn't mean
he's on the right side he could still be
doing plenty of things that you don't
like but they're probably not that
important and they're probably not evil
in intention so many of you have said my
god if you want to find out how evil E
is here's a link to a book or here's a
link to a long article about him I have
looked as many of those sources and they
all have something in common that they
don't really get to what is he doing
that you care about and what percentage
is he funding and how much difference
does it make
without that you'd really don't know
much about him so it seems to me that he
is just the designated bad guy whose
impact might be this big that we
imagined to be this big are there evil
intentions there's no evidence of that
now the other thing that people say is
that he's in favor of open borders and a
world government I believe there's
something close to that that's true but
not exactly which is that I believe
Soros favors some kind of international
bodies that would make it easier for all
countries to get along I guess and and
I'm sure that that would be better for
the small countries and worse for the
big countries like the United States so
if you don't like that plan I think you
have a good argument but how likely is
it that Soros is going to get his way
and create these international
governments that the United States says
oh yeah we'll just give up some of our
authority to this
international body kind of zero the the
odds the odds of Soros actually having
some kind of a world government and by
the way he's not replacing government's
that's not what he's proposing he's
proposing that in some specific areas
that the that we act globally and you
know I don't know what his argument is
but it doesn't matter because it can't
ever happen it's just so far from
something that's going to happen you
could just ignore it so here's my take
on Soros I don't know what he's thinking
but the thing if you look at the things
he's donating to they mostly are things
that are trying to help people but you
don't think they're the right things or
you don't think they're it's fair but
they're not evil organizations he's not
funding Nazis right he's funding people
were trying to help immigrants you just
don't like the way he's doing it because
it comes out of maybe your pocket in
some way that's not that evil it's just
something you don't like you don't agree
with and then how much is influence
these organizations we don't know
because I haven't seen a list of what
percentage he donates if it's just a big
organization that's giving a bunch of
money to a bunch of things that are sort
of generally on his side it's not the
most evil thing in the world if you're
judging him by what he did is 14 that's
irrelevant if you're judging him from
what he did with his finances and his
business you can hate that but it
doesn't have anything to do with
politics so that's my take on him
this has triggered just about everybody
and that's why I do it I do it well a
few reasons one of the reasons I do it
is because in order for my periscopes to
be useful and additive you need to hear
that I can say something you don't like
I would go so far as to say that you
don't watch this periscope because you
agree with everything I say
you're actually more addicted because of
the things you don't agree with because
when you see me agree with you on a
bunch of things and then when I disagree
with you on something important what's
it do to your brain your brain goes I
agreed with him on all those other
things and they sounded reasonable but
why am I so disagreed with him on this
Soros thing that's my point you need to
know that I can disagree with you on
important points that's the only thing
that makes this valuable and you need to
know that my specialty is identifying
hysteria and irrational thinking and
that the soro situation has every tell
for irrational thinking every tell it's
all there there's nothing missing from
that situation which is different from
saying Soros is a good guy I'm not
saying that I'm saying that there's no
evidence for the he's the evil genius
behind the curtain people are saying
what do I know about Soros and the
answer is I don't know anything that
would tell me that what people say about
him is true and I've asked for it for
weeks
more recently s word a lot so if
somebody can send me a list of the
things that he's donated to and by the
way watch watch what happens I asked for
this this morning and people would send
me different things
so here's let me give you a stark
example of how cognitive dissonance can
be spotted so I'm gonna I'm gonna tell
you what I'm asking for and it's going
to be very clear and then watch people
send me other things that's your tell so
what I've asked for is a list of
organizations that Soros has donated to
recently and what percentage of the
budgets of those organizations his
donations are that's very clear right
what are the organizations and what
percentage of the budget did he
contribute very clear
watch what happens as soon as I'm off of
this periscope you'll see my Twitter and
you'll see people sending me all kinds
of links
none of those links will be what I just
described but people will act as if it
is that's been happening all morning
already but watch that watch how people
I'll say hey can you hand me a phone can
you hand me a phone and people will say
I could hand you a phone I could
definitely hand you a phone watch here
it is here's your phone and I'll look at
it and say that's a coffee mug I asked
for a phone can you give me a phone and
then watch this they'll say and then
I'll show this phone I need a phone like
one of these just so we're talking about
the same thing please send me a phone
and they'll say my god why can't you do
your own research Scott why are you so
thick
why are you are you a soros puppet let
me send it to you again
I send it to you before here's your
phone and then I'll say you sent me a
coffee mug again alright if you see that
and you will see that in my Twitter feed
that's cognitive dissonance
that's someone whose brain can't wrap
they can't wrap their head around the
fact that they're they four hated Soros
but the only information that would be
useful to know if he's even relevant is
what I'm asking for and nobody will
present that just watch now if somebody
does present it and and and he's funding
big percentages enough that he could be
the one who's driving these
organizations I'm glad to update my
opinion so I don't have a trigger for
cognitive dissonance now or later about
Soros because I just told you in public
that if I had that information it could
very well be persuasive but watch no one
will give me that information they will
only give me things that are not that
information
and try to act like I don't understand
what they gave me all right so so you
can see it right here in the comments
somebody's saying go to open go to his
webpage so you see already people
sending me to sources that have nothing
to do with what I'm asking for and could
not possibly have an impact on my
thinking would anybody else like to do
it so we have another example of it here
arrested the bomber is that did that
happen
my question is irrelevant and
unanswerable did they catch the bomber
all right well maybe if you don't mind
I'm going to check that check that on
CNN should be the top thing arrests made
in connection to suspicious packages
sent to Booker and CNN huh
that looks like I've arrested a man in
connection with suspicious packages and
as as a man and the rest happened in
South Florida no additional information
all right they arrested a man so the
first part of my prediction is correct
it was a man if that's really and we
should not assume that we should not
assume that the person who got arrested
is necessarily guilty that would be a
good thing for us to not assume so it
looks like that's all we know for now
all right so let's all go watch the news
we'll find out if see if we can find out
more the moment we get that name you
know what happens next right within five
minutes of hearing the name you're gonna
see social media pages from this person
and the first wave of social media pages
you see are going to be the wrong person
you know that right
so you're gonna see the social media
pages Facebook pages Twitter feed at the
moment we hear his name it's going to be
the wrong person
in other words it'll be somebody with
the same name that somebody imagined was
him so you gotta kind of wait wait to
make sure you got the right person
all right I'll talk to you later