dododo hey everybody you're probably
wondering about this Aram doodle so I
thought I would tell you about it give
you my immediate reaction this will be a
quick one just a quick reaction to the
president's announcement so not too
surprising he said he would do it he did
it but it's sort of the the pull out
that's not really a pulled out because
obviously he's willing to renegotiate so
the the parts that I liked about it in
terms of persuasion I'll let you look at
my dog in terms of persuasion the parts
I like to work he he drew a picture of
Iran after the mullahs or at least with
better leadership and Iran in which in
which their prosperous and respected by
the world so he's clearly doing his
contrast persuasion and we don't see it
done this well by other people where he
draws a picture of this great situation
that they have in front of them if they
make the right choices versus a crushed
economy if they go the other way and so
I love the contrast part of it I'm still
calling on sponsors of
terrorism because I think they're
bending the definition a little bit
because it sounds like it includes
standing militaries so if if they're
helping a you know militia or the
Hezbollah or the or folks in in Yemen
those are kind of standing armies now
you can call them terrorism but we we
usually think of terrorism as the the
loner with the the gunner as a bomb so
it's a different kind of terrorism if
that's what they're talking about so I I
object to that characterization of it
because I think you just add some noise
to the situation
so I think he laid out the the case the
strongest part of the case goes like
this you can't have you can't let a
country that chance death to America
have nuclear weapons you know if he had
only said that and nothing else I would
have been sold I didn't really need to
meet I didn't need to hear they're
supporting terrorism you know that's
good but I didn't need to hear it
because I was already you know you had
me at death to America plus nuclear
weapons the other there's no scenario in
which that you know is a comfortable
situation so there might be a some
questions about what what what trouble
are they up to aside from having
missiles that we don't like which we're
not really part of the deal apparently
and having the capability to have nukes
which we don't like so those two things
are good things to make sure that we
tighten up but I'm not buying the
supporting terrorism unless you give me
examples and those examples have to be
not standing militaries now I understand
that these standing militaries at least
in the case of Hezbollah or a direct
threat to Israel so you know we can't
abide by that either but if that's what
we mean when we say supporting terrorism
I think we could just say supports
Hezbollah and Hezbollah has done X
things against Israel since the deal was
was signed so I need some I need some
specifics it does seem to me that the
president is credible in this and he's
probably smart to at least push on the
deal and see if we can get something
better so that's all I have for now and
I'm gonna go to the gym and do something
else talk you later