well I thought I'd make an extra good
show
today something better than normal like
way
better why oh no reason
[Music]
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
there's never been a better time in the
14 billion years you've been around at
least in some
form and if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that the
Universe has never seen ever and humans
cannot understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need for that is a
cup M Glass a tanker chel St a canteen
jug a flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure it's the dopamine of the day
the thing that makes everything better
with a little oxytocin mixed in today
go
ah so
good all right here's a question if you
could buy a laugh for cash what would
you pay for it suppose you knew that
you'd have one good that's pretty good
one good laugh if you if I put a price
on it what would you pay and I ask
because the people who subscribe to the
dilver reborn comic and especially if
they're on the local site um they get uh
several Comics a day because you get my
classic calendar you get my new comic
dver reborn and you get robots renews
which might have three to five jokes in
it so I did a little
calculation and it's somewhere around 5
cents a
joke so if you would if you would pay 5
cents for a laugh every
day well you might get like seven laughs
a day for 5 cents a piece totally a good
deal I
think anyway so that's all on the locals
platform Scott adams. locals.com
you can also get just Dilbert and the
Dilbert uh older calendar um you can get
those on uh also subscribing on X and I
should remind you that the 2025 Dilbert
desktop page to day calendar is now
available for pre-sale at dilbert.com so
get it now and you can be sure you'll
get your gift copies Before
Christmas all right there's a prison and
for some reason I didn't see the uh City
or the place as prison is but there is a
prison in America that has cats so
instead of taking the cats for
euthanization or whatever if you have
too many of them they've uh they let
prisoners adopt them so prisoners can
have their own cat now you have to be a
good prisoner not a dangerous one and
show that you're worthy of a cat and
then you get a cat now my first
impression is that's pretty awesome for
the cats cuz if you're a cat
you got a lot of people to Pat you that
don't have much else going on um so it
could be a win-win and I do think that
people who were in prison probably could
get softened by
pets I think that if you have something
that you need to care for it just
changes everything and if you had a
reason to live you know even in jail
it's like oh I can take I can make a cat
happy
today could be good I like that idea
well do you take an
omega-3 um supplement according to cyose
maybe you should because it makes mice
uh less stressful less
anxiety now you may say to yourself why
do I need my mice to have less anxiety
well one example would be if your mice
lived in that prison that now is full of
cats you used to be thinking H I got a
good thing going here there's always
food on the ground around and bunch of
prisoners who leave me alone now it's
full of cats well the way to compensate
for that would be to take more omega-3
fatty acids if fatty no yeah fatty acids
why is it a fatty acid I don't know
doesn't even make sense to me but uh if
you're a mouse and you're feeling bad
try omega-3 especially if there are too
many cats in your
prison Amazon is looking to hire a
principal nuclear
engineer because all the cool companies
that are really big um have their own
data centers and they're going to need
so much
electricity that the that traditional
companies that are not in the business
of making nuclear energy are going to
have to build their own nuclear power
plants now I don't know if anybody saw
that coming did anybody see that coming
I didn't so now um is it Oracle and
Amazon and of course Bill Gates um
separately has has big investments in a
Gen 4 Nuclear So I think if you're a
billionaire you got to build a nuclear
power plant who is missing is there
anybody notable who's missing from the
hey I think I'll build a nuclear power
plant who's missing there's somebody
obvious who should be building a nuclear
power plant but we haven't heard
anything about
it yeah how can Elon Musk be going hard
at uh AI when we know AI is going to
need monstrous amounts of electricity
how could he be doing that without
considering building his own nuclear
power
plant I feel I feel like maybe there's
something Brewing that we might learn
about later cuz it seems to me that you
can't do an AI data center without a
nuclear power plant of your own so yeah
he's invested in solar and I get that
but he wouldn't be
anti-nuclear he would be pro-nuclear I
assume because I don't know if he could
ever get enough
solar anyway we'll see if that turns
into
anything here's a small story that's a
big story according to the economist
uh soon maybe in 10 years we could be
getting our most of our electric car
battery parts from recycling old ones
because you know you're worried it's
like hey these electric cars are good
but um what do you do with all these old
batteries well some large portion of
them is recyclable and that's because
they're experimenting with all kinds of
new techniques to do it and some of them
are look good look
promising meanwhile I remind you that gr
Bren is is arresting people for posting
offensive
tweets or offensive
posts but did you know that you could
also be arrested just for reposting
them I'm not
sure I'm not sure I really thought about
that but apparently it's not just the
creator of the of the fake post now I
did understand that if you created a
fake post that you could be in trouble
but appar just reposting something
that's fake could get you in
jail in Great Britain let me
reiterate there's no chance I would ever
go to Great
Britain again I've been there but I
would never go there again for any
reason not for business not for pleasure
as long as you can go to jail for
reposting something that's insane like I
would never allow myself to be in their
jurisdiction that's that's just way
Beyond civilized I don't even consider
it civilized it's like a whatever is
pre-
basically So Great Britain has fallen in
my
opinion um there was a little story that
got more attention than I thought it
would there's a a lighting
expert
Miguel ques quiles hard to say his name
Qi l s but uh he did a video on in which
he explained how you can light somebody
in public to make them look better or
worse and then then you look at examples
and it does look like maybe the Trump
team both Vance and Trump are being
intentionally poorly lit
lit now I'm not I'm not quite sure I'm
going to buy this
100% but he showed his work and there
are other people AG with it and and I
can tell you that even before I saw this
that they were being lighted lit wrong I
had
noticed so I had noticed before this was
the story now I didn't notice with Trump
but I did notice recently there was a JD
Vance interview and his eyes were black
with shade you know so his his face was
not uplet it was only down lit now
here's a little secret I learned from
the restaurant business you ready for
this this is a deep inside restaurant
business fact that is so nonobvious if I
didn't tell you you would never know it
one of the most important factors to
make a restaurant successful it's right
at the top you would think it would be
like the fifth or sixth down it's at the
top is the lighting the lighting the
lighting actually has such an effect on
people that is more important than the
service and the food in the
price I know it it just sounds like that
could be impossible but the when I built
my second restaurant we did not uh do
the lighting right because there was too
much external light which made it hard
to see anybody inside the restaurant if
you had if you had the blinds open so so
there's too much like glary light coming
in from every direction so just seeing
the person on the other side of the
table was sometimes actually difficult
it was the worst lighting ever and the
restaurant
failed maybe for other reasons as well
but definitely getting the writing long
wrong makes a difference now what is the
wrongest lighting do you know what that
is the most wrong lighting if you want
somebody to look
unattractive you do top lighting only so
if the only lights you have on or the
dominant lights are your top lights it
it it makes your eyebrows shade your
eyes and it gives you an
older just less Healthy Look if you want
something to look good you would light
them from the the the sides or the you
know basically right in front of them
and You' want to do more of an orange
light the last thing you want to do is
bright white lights from the ceiling
like in an office in an office everybody
looks worse but in a
restaurant if you give them Orange
orange light and you do it from the side
your date looks better do you know what
happens when your date looks more
attractive here's the part you'll never
guess the
food tastes way better let me say that
again this is very true and you've all
noticed it you you go to uh date with
somebody that you're really attracted to
the food tastes better it really does I
it's it's really noticeable here's the
second thing if you're at a date with
somebody who's looking great and you're
attracted to them do you want the
service to be
fast no you don't so so when I tell you
that the lighting is more important than
the service your first reaction to that
is that can't possibly be true but but
ask yourself if the person on the other
side of the table looks extra good you
kind of want that to last you actually
care about the lighting more than the
service and more than the taste of the
food
because the other person if they look
good will make your food taste better I
know it's the most nonobvious effect you
could ever imagine but if you get the
light right the service and the food
increase so much
better that's like they were already
good so does it make a difference when
they light allegedly when they
intentionally light Vance or Trump wrong
yes yes if you think it's a small
difference you haven't run in a
restaurant or at least you haven't been
that deep into the weeds of it the light
can absolutely change what you think
about these
humans so if the claims are correct and
this is coming from a lighting expert
who says it's
obvious uh Trump and Vance are both
being incorrectly lit
intentionally by both ABC would be the
this would be the allegation and CNN now
when I looked at the Trump um ones at
the Abc debate I'm not sure I saw the
wrong lighting so I'm not going to go so
far as to say I saw it on that one but
in the CNN interview with with Vance I
mean I spotted it before I even knew it
was an issue I was like whoa they've lit
him completely wrong he looks like he
has like satanic eyes so there's
something to it I just don't know how
intentional it is
let's talk about P didy if you have not
gone down the P didy rabbit hole on
social media where people who are not
allowed on regular news get to say
whatever they
want Oh My God Is there anybody here who
hasn't had any any look at what the
claims
are they're really really
interesting horrible beyond anything you
actually so horrible that it's hard to
hold them in your head meaning that your
brain wants to tell you that they're not
real because if they are real you're
living in a much worse world than you
imagined no matter how bad you thought
it was so my brain is not letting me
think any of it's true well my brain is
letting me think some percentage of it
is true but uh I'm
rejecting at least half of it maybe as
to far beyond the
pale but I'll give you a taste of it
just a little taste the the allegations
of crimes are
really deep so it' be everything from
emotional and physical abuse and
trafficking and underage people and
every kind of illegal drug there'd be
blackmailing uh so you know beatings
blackmailing
threats basically
everything and what we don't know is if
there's any connection to any
intelligence entities in the United
States or foreign or anything else but
the
implication which I'm not yet ready to
accept is that it would be almost
impossible to succeed in the music
business unless somebody had you
in the ass in front of other
people now I think that's too far
like but that's that's sort of the
that's the narrative that's emerging I
think there's probably people who
succeeded without doing that but the
suggestion that a number of people
succeeded because they did do that I
have to say it's kind of
convincing just because there are so
many of them you know but remember you
you've got the laundry list persuasion
working if you see a laundry list of
celebrities
and then a laundry list of claims your
brain says well maybe some of it's wrong
but if it's that big old laundry list
it's probably mostly true but that
doesn't mean it's mostly true because
confirmation bias gets you to exactly
the same place I saw somebody else um I
don't want to call them an apologist for
the celebrities but there's probably not
a better word um he explained that the
way the parties would work is that the
real famous people which would go to
did's
parties they might go there for 3 hours
but they'd be gone before midnight and
midnight is when you know all the
sketchy stuff happened and that
everybody knew don't don't be here after
midnight unless you want to be part of
the sketchy stuff so it could
be
that 95% of the celebrity names you you
hear literally didn't see or participate
in anything so I would like to I'd like
to First
say um it's really really bad when
specific names are attached to this
until you actually know because it's the
worst thing you could ever be attached
to and believe me I've been attached to
some bad things but nothing nothing this
bad so I feel extra extra sketchy you
know naming any names but they're all in
public now so I'm sure you've seen them
yourself but anyway um it looks like
every single crime that you could
possibly be accused of Diddy will be
accused of um and then there's a claim
by 50 Cent rapper 50 Cent that maybe uh
JLo and Ben Affleck's relationship may
have suffered because of something that
Ben found out about her association with
Diddy parties because she used to be
with Diddy and some say that she was the
gun mule in other words the person who
would carry the firearm so that Diddy
would not be you know having a firearm
and there's some alleged incident where
somebody thinks maybe she was involved
in some kind of a shooting as the
carrier of the gun not as the shooter
but I don't think any of that's proven
these are all
allegations and uh whatever Ben Affleck
and Jayo are going through um I would
think that they probably have a pretty
long list of things to worry about
relationship wise because I can't
imagine the two of them ever being in a
successful
relationship they're they're they're
just too big for each
other how do you find somebody who will
you know go along with what those two
people would both want to go along with
all the time I don't know I mean there's
no accusations about Ben afflac but uh
You' be a strong personality it'd be
it's just hard to be with a strong
personality and
way uh according to the Daily callar
there's some new documents that are
shedding light on uh the Air Force
trying to reduce the number of white
males in the officer ranks they got
PowerPoints showing how much they want
to reduce the number of white people in
in the military uh specifically the Air
Force officer
ranks now let me say as clearly as I can
I do not respect the military
um I respect the people who served so
the individual members of the military
of course maximum maximum respect but if
you're talking about it as an
organization and you're talking about
the
leadership I've lost all respect for
it just all all of it the when Trump
used to call this General stupid I
thought well that's too far and then I
heard him talk in public and then I
thought oh oh yeah they they sound
stupid and it's not even just the ones
who were you know working for Trump you
know the retired ones that work for
Obama and they'll come on and I'll I'll
listen to them and I'll think but why do
you sound so
stupid like that's not true of pundits
when pundits come on they'll sound smart
but very biased or they'll sound smart
but maybe they have some TDS but
honestly I've seen a lot of generals who
just seem
stupid like I'll listen to them and I'll
think how did you ever become a general
like you just don't even sound a little
bit
smart um so and those are not Dei hires
those are those are you know just all
kinds of
people so yeah I don't have any respect
for the military leadership um but
maximum respect for the members who
served in the military of
course um
but I would I would advise if you're
white I wouldn't join the
military unless you really really don't
have any other options because don't
join any
organization that has a
PowerPoint that says they're going to
discriminate against
you right now I would also advise that
if you had a suspicion or there were
rumors that somebody was going to
discriminate against you you should stay
away from that but if they have a
PowerPoint present ation that says
they're going to discriminate against
you for the top jobs don't go anywhere
near
that this is the best advice I'll ever
give you don't go anywhere near somebody
who has PowerPoint presentations of how
they're going to discriminate against
You Don't Go Near
that and and by the way the correct
amount of white people joining the
military under these conditions is zero
it should go to zero because otherwise
they'll just keep doing it
if they can run the military with zero
white people go ahead you go nuts but if
you're white and you're joining the
military when they actively are telling
you in writing and presenting it proudly
that they're going to discriminate
against you that would be stupid it
would be stupid to join an organization
that says explicitly we're going to
discriminate against you don't be
stupid now if if uh if white enrollment
in the military drops to zero then they
might change the
ACT but anything short that's not going
to change anything why would it there's
no pressure they can just do what they
want to
do
so um I saw a uh post by Doge designer
that musk gave his 100% uh agreement uh
repost and uh here was the message
Legacy Media is openly I'm sorry the
people voting for comml Harris are the
same people who believe everything they
see in the Legacy
Media now if that's
true if the people who are voting for KL
Harris are the ones who believe the
Legacy Media and by the way that's
completely
true you you could not vote for her
unless you believed the Legacy Media
which is not a good look for you if you
believe the Legacy Media yeah let me let
me go further
if you believe the Legacy Media is
attempting to be accurate you're
lost if you don't understand that it's
not
accidental you really
lost so but then Doge designer goes
further and remember musk gave this 100%
you know I agree with that thing um he
says Legacy Media is openly engaging in
the largest Act of Act of election
interference in history well that is
correct if the Legacy
Media has essentially brainwashed I
don't know 50% of the
country that is the biggest Act of
election interference of all time it's
not even close but um one of the things
the Democrats have learned is this
Diversified evil where they don't put
all their evil in one person or one
organization instead they funds hundreds
of like fact Checkers and you know
Watchers and you know the media so that
the evil is so distributed you don't
really find anything or any one person
to go after so you can complain that CNN
and ABC may have lit the candidates
wrong but what's going to happen
anything it's not a lawsuit is it
nobody's going to sue them nobody's
going to arrest them and it worked
allegedly again I'm I'm not claiming
that it was intentional but uh if it
were why would they stop doing it if
it's working people complained and then
nothing happened so just keep doing
it and I don't think that you can really
tell how aware people are by how they
talk about the news you know and I've
said this before when you're a little
kid
you first learn that oh Truth uh
everything I know is coming from these
parents so parents are a good source of
accurate information and then you find
out they lied to you about Santa Claus
and the Easter
Bunny and you're like wait a minute
parents can sometimes completely make
stuff up for their own reasons whatever
those reasons
are and then you think well I'm much
smarter now because I know that people
sometimes can lie
and then you turn on the TV and you're
watching the news and you think all
right but the news must be real or else
people would have noticed it by
now but you don't know that people have
noticed it you just are not noticing the
noticing because if you're not on right
leaning media you don't notice the
noticing because it's only being noticed
by half the country and the other half
oblivious to it and and I think I think
maybe half the country knows it's
exactly true but it agrees with what
they think they want so that's good
enough so your your next level of
awareness is you realize that one side
is lying and it's the other
side if you're trapped in that you're
you got work to
do both sides are lying but maybe for
different reasons in other words one
might be you know biased and selling you
a
narrative but one might be just making
 up just completely made up now both
sides would accuse the others of just
making stuff up and they would have
examples that you would agree with
actually so once you learn that you
can't trust any
narrative at all from anyone then you're
close to being able to have a reasonable
conversation about
politics but when you see the people who
just like uh snapped a grid on an
argument that they just heard on TV or
read in their biased media you can't
have a political conversation with
somebody who believes that their news
sources are real and yours are fake
that's not a thing you cannot have a
conversation with that
person anyway Bill Maher continues to
make news so he show us last
night and here are the fun parts that I
liked so he had on MSNBC host Stephanie
Rule and then Brett Steven I think
writes for the New York Times now Brett
you should know um if I'm remembering
right I hope I'm not misremembering I
think Brett Stevens would be famous for
being able to see both sides more often
than most people meaning that I I think
he leans Democrat but when he writes I
think people have said okay that's
you're you're seeing both sides is that
fair um because I'm only just vaguely
going from memory of things I've seen
and heard in the past but I think he has
a reputation of somebody who is not wed
to one point of view and he showed that
on the show so I get I respect that but
Stephanie rule was there she's one of
the msnb host and MSNBC hosts and what I
loved was she brought up the project
2025 thing and Bill Maher just slapped
that down like it was just an obvious
lie and made her sit there and smile
while he did it because she's on his
show so he just says oh the project 2025
thing is
 right to her face and then she
has to do the the the face like
um I wasn't just proven to be a gigantic
liar and my job is a complete sham and
it was just revealed to all the people
who watch billar who also watched my
show I think I'll have to put on a smile
because I don't know what to do now
because he already changed the
subject he already changed the subject
but he just revealed that I'm a gigantic
liar on national
TV I'm smiling oh I'm having fun here
I'm having so much fun now that you
called me out as a grotesque liar of a
news
shelf look at my smile I'm not even
bothered you could tell because I'm
smiling it's not creepy it's not
creepy so that was my favorite uh but
there was
more so it's fun watching Bill Maher
because he too is uniquely capable of
seeing both sides of arguments not as
much as you'd like because his TDs is
kind of
extreme uh but but he actually said
that that the two sides were somewhat
equivalent in terms of the
narratives and he gave some examples of
trump saying things that would sound you
know dangerous to the untrained mind and
that it's no worse so basically he was
saying it's similar you know so for
Trump to say that the the the way people
talk about him could have caused the
assassination attempts seemed ridiculous
to Bill Mah because Trump says terrible
things and the other side says terrible
things and it's not that
different to which I say
you have to be crazy to think
those are the
same how about the fact that you can see
the
difference I mean the way people act
they do in fact act like one side is
actually Hitler and and supporting
Hitler and I've never seen a single not
once have I seen any Republicans who
said well we're going to have to go you
know put them in jail or I don't know
shoot them or something because they
disagree with us it is not equivalent
it's not even close to
equivalent uh that's pure
TDS anyway
um and the example that Mari used is
that Trump says all the tough guys are
on his
side that he has the the police and the
military and you know the the bikers and
he made fun of that to which I say
that's just ordinary political talk that
people are on his side and they're
cool to imagine that that's the same as
saying that somebody's Hitler and
literally will take the Democracy away
and the United States will cease to be a
country that's that's different than
saying somebody has Marxist policies
when their father is a Marxist Professor
or or Marxist leanings let's
say
anyway um so here's I have to read this
entire exchange because it's so stupid
it's
fun so then Brett Stevens asked
Stephanie rule the two people on Bill
Mah's panel there uh ask why K Harris
has not done
interviews uh so that we could clearly
know what her position is now I saw this
on Eric abinanti post on X he's a good
follow you should follow Eric uh it's
all one word Eric abanti a BB n a n t
um so anyway so BR says quote I'm an
undecided voter I'm not sure I want to
vote for kamla my fear is that she
doesn't really have a good command of
what she wants to do as president it
would be great for her to sit down with
you or George St office or you Stephanie
it's not too much to ask amla are you
for a Palestinian state if Hamas is
going to run that state as one example
here's what Stephanie rule said quote if
you don't like her answer are you going
to vote vote for
Trump does that
seem like a what a reasonable person
says in that
situation
what I'll go on
um and then she said comml Harris is not
running for perfect she is running for
running against Trump we have two
choices there are some things that you
might not know her answers to uh but in
2024 we know exactly what Trump Trum
will do who he is and the kind of threat
he is to
democracy to which I
say based on his
history of not stealing your
democracy what exactly are you looking
at would that be the fake news that
you've been presenting to the public for
years but it goes on so bre Steven says
the problem that a lot of people have
with Comm is that we don't know her
answer to anything and Rule says but you
know his answer to
everything oh my
God she can't even deal with the issue
she can only say Trump orange man
bad then Steven says people also are
expected to have some idea of what the
program that you're supposed to vote for
I don't think it's a lot to ask for to
sit down for a real interview and Rule
says quote when you move to Nirvana I'll
be your next door neighbor we don't live
there
unbelievable that that was a real
conversation on television with actual
people my God but just in case you
wondered if MSNBC is a tur bowl of evil
they had uh somebody named Roger mnon
who said that musk should be prosecuted
for uh some of his Free Speech because
he has government
contracts and uh so our defense of our
country is at risk if musk has free
speech that's right there's MSNBC had a
guest
unchallenged who said that mus should be
arrested for free speech because he has
government contracts now you don't need
to be a constitutional scholar to know
these are not really related things he
still has free
speech the government contracts don't
take your free speech away they might if
he had signed some deal about
non-disclosure or something specifically
there might be specific things but not
in general it doesn't take your free
speech away in
general and this is somebody they just
put on MSNBC like that's okay that's
normal and because someday if Trump were
to be arrested for something put on
social media or
musas you know that the MSNBC viewers
would say well that makes sense why
wouldn't you be arrested for
misinformation according to other
people so the priming is a little
frightening but are the other uh Harris
supporters also bat crazy well um
over on CNN one of Harris's spokespeople
Adrien El
um said that uh does she need to be more
specific about how to lower prices was
the question she got and her answer was
the kamla can't be any more specific
about that because she's been in race
only for about seven and a half
weeks so she can't answer the main
question that people have which is about
economics and specifically things too
expensive really the number one question
the number one question
but she's only
been vice president for three and a half
years and she's only been in the race
for seven and a half weeks so you
couldn't expect her to have any kind of
response to the single most important
question in the
country
Wow
Wow have you ever seen this level of
incompetence
before it does seem to be permeated
through the team her team they really
look bad now compare that to the goes to
Springfield Ohio yesterday does a you
know Town Hall kind of meeting takes
hardest
questions uh does not support the
Haitians eating dogs point of view and
uh he looked like the smartest person in
the room doing something that was just
unambiguously good for the country and
and trying to fix a little problem that
popped up and I think he did a good job
now who do they have James
Carville yeah there's such a difference
of IQ now at least among the you know
the Inner Circle type
people wow
um so how does Politico write about V's
totally successful appearance in
Springfield well Adam Ren the writer for
Politico um said uh said of V that V had
never met a conspiracy theory he didn't
like from claiming the Riots of the
capital on January 6 was an inside job
to asserting the government lied to
Americans about 911 huh now can you
remind me how Adam Ren knows that those
two
things which are
unproven are false
it's because Democrats and their media
have convinced people that anything
that's not proven in a court of law or
some other high level didn't
happen imagine how confused you would be
if you thought that anything that
couldn't be proved didn't
happen we live in a world where most of
the things that happen can't be
proved you almost everything that
happens behind closed doors you know
conversation there's no record of it
so we don't really live in a world to
which you can prove all of your
allegations doesn't mean they're right
and doesn't mean they're wrong but if
you say they're wrong because they're
not proven you're not really a smart
person who's trying to help the country
you're a idiot and you shouldn't
be writing as a living if you think that
something unproven is therefore false by
definition that's crazy but then later
buried in the article they let uh so V
was sort of challenged about his
conspiracy theories and at that event he
said quote so this is vake defending
himself I've propagated all kinds of
conspiracy theories in the last several
years including the idea that Co came
from a lab in China oh it did including
that the hunter Biden laptop story just
might be real on the eve of the last
election well he got that one right
including the fact that Joe Biden would
not be the nominee huh that was an
excellent um prediction
conspiracy theory you might call
it so on the multiple of these counts
you know I guess if that's the label
that describes me speaking things that
end up being true before others
recognize them I guess I'll have to
accept that now again that's a perfect
answer he he gives three very specific
times that he was right in the news was
full of
 and they put this last in the
article but it was at least it was
included it could have been left out
that would have been better and yet
still the guy who writes the article and
includes examples of
aake saying that things that were you
know uh conspiracy theories ended up
being true and he was
right why do you start the article with
never met a conspiracy theory he didn't
like unless you're just
being a dick basically so that's not
that's not ERS should do being a dick is
different see I I I try to keep them
separate all right um Brendan car has
been testifying to Congress and we've
been hearing a lot about the Harris
Biden plan or the Biden Harris plan to
spend $42 billion to expand the internet
to all the rural places and so far I
think they've hooked up zero people and
they've also
stupidly uh not worked with Elon Musk
who already has the facilities in there
the starlink so they would just pay him
a far smaller amount than they had
budgeted and they could have everything
almost
instantly and they won't do it because
politics because stupid because probably
the 42 billion is meant to be you know
Insider payments for people who are not
really qualified to do the work but
maybe they are good donors to the
Democrats so probably was just a big
pile of um slush money to give to their
friends and then Elon Musk you know
inconveniently has a much cheaper
immediate easy to implement alternative
and they have to just act like it
doesn't
exist so they don't say well we looked
into it and you know if you consider all
the variables we've decided you know
it's better not to use it nope no the
news simply just does mention
it and
therefore it's not a real thing because
the news didn't mention it
so there's
that well here's another one that the
regular news is not making enough of a
thing if it's true and I suspect it is
so Matt Gates says that U he has direct
official information that there are five
assassination teams operating in the US
to get Trump maybe other people but
Trump specifically and that two of them
might be domestic and three of them
might be
foreign
um five he said so he says five teams
that we know are targeting
Trump five
teams that we
know we know five
teams does that count the first two
attempts
so let me ask you this if there are five
teams that allegedly we know
about but yet the the two attempts we
know about were just lone
individuals so there are five teams that
have gotten nothing done so far but yet
two individual lone
wolves not on a
team got so close that you know we're
all scared
huh does it seem to you slightly more
likely that the two were lone wolves
might have had some association with the
team well we don't know but that would
be the first question I would
ask um if there are really five teams
out to get them and we saw the uh oh the
story that it was Iran was trying to get
him do you think that's real
do you think Iran would really try to
take out Trump before an
election because you know how that would
go for Iran right and Iran knows how
that would go for them so I'm feeling
that the Iran story is a cover for
somebody else may be trying to take him
out as in some
American
so um and then to make it worse uh Alex
Jones is posting about uh there's an
expert I think he had on the show that
uh said that there's good information
that some of the teams or the I guess
that'd be the assassination teams have
surfaced air
missiles how do you protect against that
because Trump's schedule is well known
and he arrives and he leaves in a
plane and there's somebody who who has a
missile
because I would think that that would be
the best way to get away with something
without being identified as the killer
because you shoot the missile you drive
away and
disappear you there wouldn't be any
there wouldn't be any Witnesses at the
point of launch because you'd be in some
forest or something when you did it
so and then we would just blame Iran
right so did the bad guys get a
twofer do they say oh Iran is looking to
kill Trump then they kill
Trump and then they get to blame Iran
and then they get a war with Iran which
maybe is what they
wanted so I would be really cautious
about this whole
narrative I wouldn't act too quickly no
matter what what comes out of
that but that's
scary
so uh here's some new election updates
so the Georgia state election board um
this is a surise says Cy's must hand
count
ballots so why did Georgia just weeks
before the election need to make such a
radical change to their election system
that the mainstream news has told me for
years was perfect and there's no way
there could have been a problem with it
why are they going to improve A system
that was known to be perfect what what
do you think that that's about why would
you need to fix it if it was known to be
perfect that the the news has been
telling me for years that it was perfect
that Georgia oh Georgia can put on an
election yeah there's no reason to try
to find any votes that were not counted
because well they do it all right I mean
they're really nailing it but even
though they're nailing it and perfect
they decided to completely change how
they do it right before the
election it it's amazing the Democrats
are believing the narrative they're
being fed but they don't see the
arguments
so they're just thinking well that's the
news must be
true um here's a story from the Gateway
pundit Patty
McMurray so do you remember when the
this is what Patty says do you remember
when the GOP poll Challengers were
kicked out in
Detroit so in Detroit they were going to
count with some more ballots but then
the the uh Republicans got kicked out
and they boarded up the windows and
stuff and Patty asks uh can you guess
which ballots were being
counted I never heard that question
asked I just assumed it was just more
ballots I just thought they would just
continue doing what they were
doing but the allegation is that these
weren't regular ballots that they were
going to count these were the overseas
ballots the the mailin from
foreign countries now that would include
military and people who had a right to
vote but for whatever reason were in
another country so that's no problem
right nobody has a problem with votes
coming in the way they normally do from
people overseas I don't see a problem
with that do you here's the
allegation so the the types of Val
ballots are called the uh the uniformed
and overseas citizen absentee Voting Act
that's what allows these mail and
ballots from
overseas and did you know that uh if
you're voting that way you don't have to
be a registered
voter you don't have to have an
ID and you don't have to prove that
you're a
citizen
what that doesn't sound true does it
well that's the claim that according to
this act our law would say uh um that
you don't have to prove you're eligible
to vote or even a citizen you can vote
and that nobody's going to check it
there's no audit they just vote they
just vote and then they're
counted now does that bother you well
the Democratic party recently announced
according to Patty McMurray at the
Gateway pundit that uh they plan to
register 9 million of these do you think
there are 9 million people who live
outside the United States and can
legally vote in the United States 9
million H um well despite the government
tracking numbers revealing that only 2.4
million eligible overseas voters so the
government says there are 2.4 million
who are eligible Democrats say they're
going to register 9
million does that bother you
if in fact that was exactly the bunch of
ballots that were going to be counted in
Detroit before the Watchers got kicked
out does that does that bother you seem
a little
sketchy well you know if this sort of
thing were a problem you'd expect that
um there would be some reports about it
from other precincts because it wouldn't
be one Precinct it would be you know
widespread so if you didn't have any
reports of any problems coming from you
know various precincts then maybe it's
not a
problem but we have some reports from
various precincts for
example uh also from gayway pundit uh in
Fulton County Georgia a hand recount of
950 of these types of ballots has zero
votes for
Trump 950 ballots from overseas
in Fulton
County and zero of them were for
Trump now you don't have to be a
political pundit or expert to know those
are
fraud very clearly
fraud and exactly of the type that's
alleged that these overseas ballots are
fake uh there's a pole worker in
Louisiana County reported that 80% of
those types of ballots the overse ones
were for Biden does that sound right
there's not a single state in the
country where 80% would vote for Biden
I'm not even sure there's even one
Precinct is there even well there might
be some tiny Precinct somewhere but no
that's not possible naturally if if the
allegation is true that it was 80% those
are
fraud if it's true in Cobb County also
Georgia huh Georgia you know Georgia
comes up a lot I wonder why they changed
their whole system so in Cobb County
Georgia a poll Observer challenge the
authenticity of a bunch of these
overseas ballots when realizing the 80
to 90% were for Biden huh again
impossible to happen
naturally those were if this observation
is true those were fake
ballots uh a judge of elections in
Colorado oberved the tabulation of those
ballots those types of ballots and it
was alarmed that nearly 95% of the
ballots were for Biden that's a
judge a judge observed
that if it's true then 95% of them were
for Biden those were fake ballots those
were frauds if it's true in the city of
Richmond Virginia a poll worker reported
that a hand tally of approximately 1,000
ballots showed 85 to 90% for
Biden so that would be four separate
direct
observations that these are massively
fraudulent massively now here's the
question I'd like to ask my Democrat
Watchers all two of
you which audit CAU
it can you describe the audit process
that determined that these were either
true or not true
votes of course not there's no
audit there was no audit how can you
possibly think our elections can be
audited anybody who thinks they know
that the election was fair you're either
stupid or
lying you can't know they're Fair
without knowing how you would audit the
election and nobody knows that there's
no way to audit this is there
I I mean you could you could imagine
that you could somehow you know try to
trace back all the voters who voted
overseas and find something out but
you're not going to do it in time you
know until the election is certified
then you'll be certified and you'll
you'll moved on by the time you could
even find out if it was fake so no
there's no reasonable practical way to
do any any kind of an audit so if the
Democrats want to they can just send in
truckloads of fake ballots and they'll
just get counted and then Harris will be
president
so here's my question how many ways do
you think there are to rig an election
in
America uh I'm going to tell you the
obvious one the obvious one would be a
state actor either United States deep
State CIA type or another country who
would find a uh a Confederate you know
somebody that they could blackmail or
bribe who would work inside one of the
technology companies that handles
electronic voting or
tabulating and they would just corrupt
them and put in a little code that gives
them what they want now my question to
you is if a state actor did it somebody
really really would know how to do
something and get away with it what part
of the audit catches
that is there a part of the audit that
reads the minds of all the people who
work at the technology companies to find
out that they're not doing anything
wrong I would think that a state actor
plus insiders could cover up any kind of
crime they wanted what audit is going to
catch that none what happens if the
thing that's corrupt is the audit
process why why do we assume that the
only thing that' be corrupt would be the
vote when you could also corrupt the
judge right that because you could guess
what judges might be involved you could
also
corrupt um the audit so you could
corrupt the vote you could corrupt the
audit you could corrupt the judge that
decides whether the vote was audited
correctly so if you were to ask me how
many ways are there to to cheat if you
count the mailin you count the overseas
mailin you count the you know the the
lawfare ETC I would say dozens
so without being an expert just sort of
casually thinking about it I would think
there might be dozens of ways to cheat
without getting caught that no audit
would catch or it would take too long to
audit so it wouldn't matter if you did
audit um but somehow the fake news has
hypnotized Democrats into thinking that
you can know that the election was
fair how did we how did so many people
get convinced that something completely
unknowable is not only can be known but
is
known how did that many dumb
people survive to
adulthood without without having a
terrible childhood accident they killed
them I don't
know um there's a study according to the
Daily wire the study says millions of
non-citizens are likely to vote in 2024
in the past as many as 27 % of
non-citizens um were illegally
registered to
vote now that's the high number could be
10 to 27% they say but and so some
nonprofit Research Institute did that
now of course I always tell you that all
data is fake so you know I don't know
who collected this data or how real it
is but the allegation
is that a an alarming number of
non-citizens have registered to vote now
that doesn't mean that they vote it
might just mean that their mail and
ballot is available for somebody who
wants to do something
illegal so that's bad now you may have
seen that Trump did a post on Truth they
got passed around uh saying that anybody
who cheated and voted uh illegally would
go to jail now I think that's great
because you have to remind people that
illegal voting is jail it it's not like
a slap on the wrist if you get caught
rigging this election you're going to
jail so I like that um but I would add
to that uh that that you get deported
first so in my
opinion if you were a non-citizen and
you registered to vote even if somebody
lied to you and said this is fine you
can register to vote if you do if you
Reg registered to vote as a non-citizen
even if somebody tricked you into it I
think you have to be first to be
deported after the criminals criminals
first you know you got to get rid of the
the people literally breaking laws and
have broken laws and or terrorists and
stuff but after that I think anybody who
registered illegally to vote that would
be two crimes one is you came into well
maybe you may have come in under the
Asylum program which would not be a
crime
um but that's a crime if you registered
to vote the fact that somebody told you
you could do it I don't know if that's
good
enough normally I'm pretty soft on this
kind of thing like if somebody didn't
know they were committing a crime but
not in this case in this case you have
to you got to be a hard you got to be a
hard ass when it comes to your physical
security of your country you you have to
do things that are bad for other people
and good for you that's just the way it
works if you did things that were good
for other people and bad for you that's
the end of your
country so Deport them first I would
say
um so the court has taking some kind of
naked ballot case over in Pennsylvania
according to the Free
Press so Pennsylvania's highest court
they're going to consider whether
counties must accept provisional ballots
cast on Election Day well the details
don't matter uh what matters is that
there are probably five different
stories today that I didn't I didn't
write down for you they were all about
election Integrity so it was a whole
bunch of you know this Precinct is
changing how they do it which suggests
that they weren't doing it right before
or that at least it was a risk that they
couldn't control and other you know
claims of irregularities found it's just
the headlines are full of them now many
of them did Democrats see so I
saw maybe eight different stories just
today just today I saw eight stories
about election
irregularities how many did Democrats
see today zero none now that doesn't
mean that what I'm seeing is correct it
could be that every one of those reports
is is a fake Kraken it's possible it's
very possible but we're not getting the
same reality I mean if I see eight
reports of obvious election
holes and and Democrats are told that we
know that they're all good
elections here's what I
think I don't think the Voting is what
determines anything anymore because the
voting you know in our childish Minds
were thought oh people will do their own
research and express their preferences
at the the voting voting booths I here's
the better way to think of it
I think that the votes are like the
canvas that the artist paints
on so the canvas is not art and nobody
buys a blank canvas the votes are just
the
canvas they don't have any predictive or
commercial
value the art the thing that decides who
he becomes the president is the
lawyering and the media they're the
artists
so the
canvas the the least important part of
the painting in terms of the
art is the
vote all we're doing is creating a
context in which the real artists can do
their thing now when I say artists I'm
complimenting weasel who are using you
know legal processes and you know
judicial process well the um government
processes
and then the media itself so they're the
artists but the vote really isn't the
thing I I think it genuinely doesn't
matter who gets the most you know if you
throw in the Electoral College of course
it doesn't matter who gets the most um
but there we we've designed a system
where the vote is the least important
part what's important is that a lot of
people did
it not not who got the most that just
doesn't even matter it's just the artist
are operating on top of the canvas and
the canvas is just the
vote anyway so if all that's true and
I'm sure it is because I said it um the
thing that matters the most to the
survival of the country is keeping Trump
alive which is by no means going to be
easy and number two making sure that the
election Watchers are way better than
they ever have been before
way better I think they might be because
I do think that the Lara Trump
organization and uh others within the
Republican Party have adjusted they
learn from past mistakes so I think they
know exactly where to look and here's
the
thing if this election is going to be
rigged the same way it has been
allegedly that would mean that the pole
Watchers know exactly what to look for
which means when these overseas votes
come in the Republican observers are
going to be all the over them and
making sure that if they say 90% or 100%
for Joe Biden that they flag it they've
got standing I hope I I Hope they've
established some kind of standing in
advance um then they take it immediately
to court and have the election thrown
out I think the most likely outcome is
that we won't have an election that we
decide to
certify it'll just be too messy too many
cheaters and we won't know even who won
that's still my prediction prediction is
on the coin flip will be
Edge so um let's talk about here was a
story that I'm a little confused
about if it's
true it's the biggest story in the
country but it's not in the
news and then other people have told me
Scott that's an old story to which I say
well I hadn't heard it before and even
if it's old it's still the biggest
news and here's what it is allegedly
there's a transcript which we had not
well I hadn't seen it before in which uh
we can see in
writing that uh the military
acknowledged that Trump had asked them
well ahead of January 6 to do everything
they needed to do to prepare to avoid
any violence on January
6 and that when January 6 came and the
military was being begged to allow the
National Guard to come help the National
Guard was completely ready staffed and
prepared and
nearby to do what would have essentially
avoided a lot of problems on January 6
and that the reason that they weren't um
released to do do that is that the heads
of the
military thought it would be bad Optics
I think
Millie I think Millie was maybe the
chief of that
now if that's
true and I'm not seeing people debunking
it that would say that everything about
the January 6
Insurrection um narrative has been
debunked because nobody stages an
Insurrection and then ALS o organizes
the military defense to defeat it and
that's what Trump did and we know that
because we have the transcript now and
it's being admitted by the military that
they did ask and they did prepare they
just didn't
deploy now I've had enough conversations
with TDS Democrats to know that once you
prove that the the protester part of it
was not an
Insurrection because Trump wouldn't
stage an Insurrection and un stage the
solution to
it you know telling the military to get
ready for his
Insurrection no nobody would do that so
the the violent part of it is certainly
debunked as any part of an Insurrection
plan but Democrats will say the
following but Scott it wasn't just that
it was about the fake
electors and then he would he refused to
leave power to which I say so he's still
president president no no he he left
well he said he didn't
leave well he he said he wasn't going to
leave so then he left late now he left
right on time well he left with a fight
now he left
peacefully well what is exactly the
problem that he did some paperwork to
preserve their rights because apparently
it helps preserve your rights if you've
got some alternate electors picked
there may have been some legal advice
that didn't pan out but that's not the
biggest crime in the world that's just
maybe being wrong about something so
I'll say it again you can't really take
over the country with creative
paperwork when the entire world is
looking yeah right after the election
everybody's looking at everything it's
the most transparent thing that could
ever happen so if if you think well only
you'd have to be a brainwashed Democrat
to think that because somebody had a
piece of paper with different names on
it that the whole system was going to
say well you know you've got that piece
of paper with different names on it and
you think the election was rigged so
we'll just go with
that I don't think
so there there's no evidence that that
could have worked or that anybody thinks
it could have
worked but it might have withheld their
you know rights if they thought they had
a way to
legally find out if something was fixed
or
whatever so so so much of what Democrats
believe about the world and about Trump
is based on the fact that they've been
successfully primed to see things as
violence so that or or illegal things so
when he says to the Georgia guy can you
find the
votes the Democrats interpret it as
invent them and make them up
in what world does find ever mean invent
them and make them up there's no context
in which that ever means that so to but
they've convinced tens of millions of
Democrats that the word find means a
completely different thing when Trump
says
it yeah uh so that's crazy and then you
know the blood bath of course taken out
of context and so they've got them
they've got the democratics completely
convinced that words mean different
things when Trump says them and that and
that all the Republicans know it because
we know his Mafia
talk I don't think he's ever done any
mafia talk probably
never you know
anyway meanwhile uh the Wall Street Wall
Street Journal in their opin one of
their opinion pieces thinks that Israel
is trying to send a message to
Hezbollah that they can uh have their
way with them if they don't calm down
and stop rocketing
Israel and so the the evidence of that
would be that they they blew up the
pagers and the walkie-talkies and then
soon after they did a very successful
attack on the
leadership well within Lebanon so
they've sent the following signals we
are more capable than you we're not
going to we're not going to hold back I
think the pager walkie talk things says
we're not going to hold back and then
also bombing within
Lebanon of course there are always going
to be casualties that are not combatants
that also signals that there's no
constraints that if you want to make
this a
war nothing's going to stop us from
doing everything that we need to do and
we have better capabilities than you do
so some smart people are saying that
Israel is really just trying to resettle
the Israeli um the Israel residents that
had to leave the Border area with
Lebanon so that really all they want is
a Hezbollah to calm down so that life
can go back to something like it was
before I'm not so
sure I I think that that has an
assumption in it that I don't buy into
here's the Assumption I don't buy
into that Israel would be satisfied with
100,000 Rockets pointing at them from
Lebanon given the current situation
situation I think that Israel is going
to have to just completely demolish
Hezbollah there will never be a better
time to do it
never and if they don't do it now it's
going to look like a mistake later now
I'm not recommending and I'm not backing
it and I'm not endorsing it I'm just
observing as an observer there's not
going to be a better time to do what
they need to do and if it were us we
would definitely destroy every rocket
launcher in Lebanon and we would
probably occupy it we probably just take
it keep it so I'm going to say that I'm
not so sure Israel wants to just go back
to the way it was that doesn't make
sense it doesn't pass my sniff test like
that doesn't make any sense at all um so
we'll see I'm sure it's just coming down
to some internal
politics in
Israel but the thing to do is obvious
they they they need to take it to
Hezbollah and just mow the lawn up there
whether they do that or not probably
it's just internal politics plus the US
pressure ignorance of the law can never
be a
defense sure
Again by the way that's not true is it
I'm pretty sure the ignorance of the law
can be a defense in special cases
in general it's not but in special cases
I think it
is yeah the page attack was a
psychological event you know what I also
I
wonder did the leadership default to
their cell phones because they couldn't
not communicate and even though they
knew it was dangerous they just had to
take a
chance here's what I
think even if the leadership that
Israel took out with their latest
bombing uh even if the leadership knew
that they should not go near a cell
phone here's what I know if Israel also
knew who the hanger Hors were you know
the the lower level people who are
always in the vicinity of the leader do
you think that every one of those lower
level people kept their hands off their
cell
phones about not if it's like everywhere
else in the world and that the lower
level hanger Hors around the leader
would be sitting there thinking okay I'm
just going to use it for a minute I'll
just use it for a minute I'll just send
this message and I'll turn it
off can't be any problem with this and
then everything blows up that's what I
think so I think if I had to guess
somebody used a cell phone when they
shouldn't have used a cell
phone all right uh ladies and gentlemen
I remind you that the dilber 2025
calendar is available for pre-sale you
can only get it at the link at
dilbert.com it's not on Amazon it's not
on bookstores this time it always was in
the past but not this time if you buy
more than one your shipping cost will be
reasonable and I'm going to go talk to
the locals people privately now and
we're going to have an amazing
Saturday um for those of you who missed
it I do a pre-show before this
for the locals people and I take three
15t putts at my little indoor pting
room and today I made all three now you
could do the calculation of how what are
the odds of making three 15 foot putts
in a row on camera very low but it
suggests that luck is coming your
way and so goodbye to uh X and you and
Rumble I'll see you same time tomorrow
because I work on the weekends not like
the lazy people but I'm going to talk to
the locals people privately now thanks
for joining everybody and locals I'm
coming at you in 30
seconds
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e