head snipe how are you hey everybody
come on in here
it's a beautiful Sunday morning
where I am anyway where you are might be
different but I know you're all here for
the coffee with Scott Adams and the
simultaneous up and I will not deny you
any longer
raise your mug your cup your glass your
stein your tankard fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me for the simultaneous up what happened
to my Twitter account
someone says nothing I hope it better
still be there so I saw the news that
Alexandre Octavio Cortez has changed her
Twitter handle so I think it was
something with 2018 in it and she
realized she had to update it and so her
new Twitter handle is at a I see so one
of the smartest things that Alexandre
could do let's call her to a over C is
have a cool nickname there is great
power in cool nicknames and she is sort
of just given herself one aoc I think
other people were using that and she's
just adopting something she knows works
but let me tell you a story when I went
to college the first week of college I
got a nickname and my nickname was W
just the letter W and there's a story
behind it I grew up in a town called
windham i wore a shirt that had a big w
on it and
my my roommate nicknamed me w so for
four years even some of my closest
friends didn't know my last name or even
my real name so for 40 years I was just
W when we played sports we had a little
soccer team co-ed soccer team we would
play on weekends and stuff and when
people were calling out to me they'd be
calling out W W and because because I
had a nickname I was a little extra cool
or a little extra interesting there was
something about a nickname that just
added a little bit of an x-factor to it
and I wasn't the only one there were
other people who had nicknames and the
people who had nicknames that stuck and
that were generally used just yeah they
did they stood out a little bit there
was just something special about them
because they didn't have regular names
they had nicknames so it's clever
for Alexandra to to assign herself at
least a Twitter handle there's a OC
because that will probably help make
that her nickname and I wasn't surprised
if in two years you see you know think
of other people out of nicknames alright
LBJ JFK MLK who else can you think about
anybody else in politic Dr so if you
think about it the people who have
nicknames that are three initials do
pretty well HRC there's another good one
alright here's another story so do you
remember years ago you don't remember
this but before the American Revolution
our system of government was a monarchy
so we had it we had a king King of
England
or the revolution then the revolution
happened and our business model changed
from a king situation to a republic so
it's a democratic process but it's
basically a republic and lately I don't
know if you've noticed that our system
of government has changed this fairly
recent change oh yeah
our RPG is another 1-2-3 letter name but
our system of government has changed and
if you haven't noticed our system of
government is now basically dependent on
which side the Democrats or the
Republicans can torture random
government officials the longest that's
what a government closes that's what a
government shutdown is the the
government shutdown reminds me of a
sci-fi it reminds me of there was an old
Star Trek episode where there were two
civilizations to two different planets
and instead of fighting militarily for
years they had decided to hold some kind
of I don't know a lottery or something
to decide you was winning and then the
losing team would have their citizens
line up to be executed but in a painless
way so they'd figured out how to make
war painless and I thought and of course
the the point of the episode or so I
took it to be the point is that is that
things can become absurd very easily you
know war is absurd enough by having a
representative war where people light up
to be executed if their team loses some
random contest you know takes it to the
next extreme but now with the government
closed down correct me if I'm wrong but
isn't the the government process is
which team is willing to torture random
government employees the
am I wrong about that because whoever
tortures some of the longest is going to
get their way so in the old days it was
sort of a you know the King made the
decision and then we changed to a new
system where you know voting mattered so
kind of mattered who you voted for
the Republic but now we're in a new
system at least between elections we
have a new system where it doesn't
really matter what the public wants does
it I don't think it matters and we can't
vote in between elections so we the
public are just watching the government
work and what the government has decided
is that they're going to decide on a
major policy by seeing which side is
willing to torture random government
employees the longest whoever whoever
can make these government employees
twist for the longest without paychecks
gets to win now can you think of a more
absurd way to run a government you know
you can understand you know how we got
to this place it all makes sense but how
did we get to a government where it's a
contest to see you can torture random
people the most and then that one will
win a policy that has nothing to do with
the random people the people who are
being tortured are not even relevant to
the question of building a wall there
are literally just other people that for
you know a coincidence of history we can
torture them by by denying their
paychecks for as long as as long as this
goes on so it's it's just sort of crazy
that we've we sort of evolved into
thinking that any of this is okay how
not okay is this that our government
process depends on torturing random
employees I'm not even exaggerating am i
you know tortures hyperbole but you know
what I mean we're making them very very
uncomfortable stressed
inconvenienced you know there might even
be health impacts I mean it's a pretty
big deal so how did we get here alright
uh uh every once awhile I'd like to turn
on CNN for entertainment and today there
was a punted on their arguing very
angrily
that walls don't work now how much
further into uselessness can you fall to
say that walls don't work in what
context did a wall ever not work okay
can you you know name ten walls and then
how many of those ten walls that you
named didn't work zero how often does a
wall that work I don't think that ever
happened now of course they may be
confusing whether it works with whether
it stops a hundred percent of all the
people and all the drugs now of course
no wall is going to stop a hundred
percent of the people or a hundred
percent of the drugs or maybe even any
of the drugs but friction always works
if you make something harder fewer
people are gonna do it that is
guaranteed now you could argue that well
it won't reduce reduce it enough to make
that worth the pay you're worth the cost
you could say other other mechanisms are
better but they were actually arguing
that drones and electronic stuff would
be more effective than a wall to which I
say who did that study and and is that
going to be true for every segment of
the border which is very long and very
different at each place who who comes up
with the idea that the electronic you
know drone mechanism is going to be
better than a wall in every section
along the wall that that's just
generally true
it borders on stupid doesn't it I don't
like to use that word very much when it
comes to politics because I think it's a
lazy way to it's sort of a lazy way to
look at politics to just say that the
other side is being stupid but unless
you're an engineer who has actually
studied the border at all the solutions
and you seen tests where people have
test walls versus whatever the other
mechanisms are you don't really deserve
to say your opinion in public it seems
to me that we're very close to the time
and I think it will happen after the new
Congress ISM in office so here's my
prediction on the wall funding first
thing that has to happen is Nancy Pelosi
has to be the majority leader so we have
to wait for her to get sworn in or
nothing's gonna happen right she can't
really negotiate from this position so
she needs to be sworn in she needs to
become the leader so that has to happen
first and there won't be anything that
happens before that what's that happens
she's in a position to negotiate
somebody is gonna say let's turn it over
to the engineers and stop being
engineers we're just politicians I don't
know which side will say it first either
the Democrats will say it first or
President Trump or Republican will say
at first but whoever says those words
will end the stalemate they just have to
say the words and the words are some
version of this politicians should not
make engineering decisions let's see
what the engineers say and then take a
look at their recommendation but we need
a budget either way so let's let's get
as much budget as we can that makes
sense given how much you can actually
spend in a year and try some stuff and
if the engine engineers are uncertain
maybe we can try a little wall here a
little
a little drone over there and compare
see which one works best
maybe that's the process forward but
until until Pelosi's in charge and she
can negotiate on until somebody says
those words let's let's turn it over to
the engineers you won't have a solution
I don't think alright the president
tweeted very encouraging words about the
China trade negotiations in the
presidents of telling of events there's
been major progress in every area of
interest now every area would be trade
in all the different categories of trade
but it would also be intellectual
property and I assume fentanyl so it
sounds like according to the president
that they have progress on all areas and
things are looking positive I tweeted
every to me to that and said I cautioned
to wait until China weighs in because
until you've heard China's version of
events you don't quite know the whole
story China did weigh in with a more
generic statement but also positive it
was something about how China is
committed to work through the storms as
they called it they're committed to work
through the storms to work productively
with the United States so there was no
negativity in that except that it's a
hard process yeah and everybody agrees
with that
so it's possible and again you should
never take stock advice or investment
advice from cartoonist and this is not
investment advice but it would be hard
to imagine the stocks would be lower
after the trade deal gets stuck I can't
imagine any scenario in which the China
trade deals starts to you know get
wrapped up and stocks are substantially
lower this year after that
it's almost guaranteed to give the
stockmarket a boost from a low point so
if you were going to predict let's say
I'll do this as a prediction and not a
financial recommendation so this is not
a financial recommendation but as a
prediction I'm almost positive that the
stock market will be appreciably higher
by the end of this year this would be
the China deal gets done which I think
everybody thinks will get done
eventually it might take a while now
here's some fun things I tweeted a
challenge on Climate Change as I've
complained many times the problem with
deciding what you want to think about
climate change is that both sides talk
in isolation and you rarely see them on
the same stage and when you do they
don't really debate debate each other
rather they each say their piece and
then they sit down or take some
questions but you don't see anything
that looks like an actual debate now
part of the problem it's taken me a
while to work through understanding the
topic but part of the problem is people
are not talking about exactly the same
stuff the people who seem to be
disagreeing are not exactly disagreeing
with whatever the first person said
they're just saying something new and
the the new part of it is just a new
thing so they don't really disagree and
so we watching it don't really have
enough to go on for example so I so I
tweeted four links that I thought
captured - the best - in my opinion the
best - skeptics in terms of the the
points they're making and to solid pro
science Pro climate change
you know people on the side that climate
change is a problem so one of the
sources was NASA so there's a NASA site
where they make the case and you know
the case the case is very simply
that you know co2 is going up at the
same rate as temperature and that it's
spiking sharply and that although
temperature has changed throughout
history we're seeing an unprecedented
spike that matches exactly with the co2
this is the the NASA story and that
there's ice melting and you know we can
see the effects of it already etc and
then there was a bloomberg piece in
which the bloomberg piece did a good job
of debunking the debunkers so so the
bloomberg piece was addressing the
skeptics who say no no it's not co2 is
volcanoes or it's sunspots or it's some
other thing and it showed a number of
graphs to show that those things are not
correlated with the temperature so most
of the skepticism I think was let's say
persuasively handled by the brew
Bloomberg article so 80% of what you
hear in terms of the skeptics what they
say is like oh you forgot to count this
or it's really some other source the
Bloomberg thing did a good job of sort
of wiping them away but there's one
skeptic and one line of skepticism that
is not addressed by the NASA data you
know the NASA page and was not addressed
by the Bloomberg article so there's a
gap and Tony Heller who's a well-known
skeptic in this field he's the best
representative of this unaddressed part
and the other just part is he doesn't
say that climate change is being caused
by other things than co2 that's that's a
different set of skeptics and if you
conflate what Tony Heller is saying
which is going to be about the
reliability of the temperature
measurements if you conflate him with
the other skeptics then he looks crazy
too because he gets associated with he
gets associated with skeptics were not
credible right so most of the skeptics
of climate change are just tinfoil hat
crazy bastards you know I get I get
tons of people sending me charts that
they apparently made at home of why the
climate is really connected to sunspots
or some other thing and none of these
charts have any credibility they're not
source right etc so so there's a whole
bunch of non-credible skeptics but Toby
Heller is a special case
right so I'm gonna say as clearly as
possible while I'm plugging in the power
to my phone that I'm not going to claim
that Tony Heller's arguments are right
I'll just tell you what they are so his
claim is that the temperature data has
been rigged in other words actually just
illegitimately fudged to create the
impression of sudden warmth and his
argument if I can summarize it goes like
this that we do have records of from
less a press reports of what NASA and
other sources were reporting was the
temperature in the past and we could see
that those past reports of what the
temperature was no longer agrees with
the current database of what the
temperature was so in other words the
the public record from the same sources
clearly shows that they used to say it
was warmer but they fudged the data
according to Tony to make it look cooler
so that the modern day would look like
it had increased quickly now here's the
fun part
what is the counter to his argument
there's a counter to the sunspot people
there's a counter to the volcano people
there's a counter to most of the
skeptics and there may be a counter to
Tony Heller but I haven't seen it yet so
if you've seen it tweet it to me and I
will update that list but notice notice
if you will and I say this with not
because of how should I say this the
thing I'm going to say next is said with
all due humility I'm trying to say this
without looking like I'm just
complimenting myself because the I don't
want that to distract from the point the
point is that a tweets from a cartoonist
in other words my tweet with these
or Lynx is so far the best debate in the
world on climate science it's the best
debate in the world on climate science
and it's not even good because nobody
else has even attempted to look at the
arguments and try to get them in context
and try to figure out okay if you're
saying hey where's the person who's
saying eh isn't true can we find that
person and if they do say that what is
the counter to the skeptic have you ever
seen anything like that I haven't so the
closest we've come to trying to drill
down on this is my tweet and I put that
forward as as something I would love you
to fact check and tell me I'm wrong I
would love to tell you I would love you
to tell me it's God's God's got you just
you just don't know much this has been
debated very well and here's a link to
it and you can see that exactly what you
wish would happen the point in the
counterpoint about the same topic it's
it's all it's already been done
show me the link I've never seen it and
I've seen a lot of stuff on this topic
it seems like that's exactly what I
would see if it exists they existed it
would be the first thing people with 70
so so here's my preliminary ruling on
climate science and my ruling will be on
the persuasiveness of the arguments not
the truth so my claim is that I'm not
qualified to know is climate changing is
the temperature going up I don't know is
it is it coordinated or correlated with
co2 primarily the humans cause I don't
know no no here's but I can talk about
persuasiveness so independent of what's
true what looks persuasive and I would
say that the current advantage is with
the sceptics but not all of the skeptics
the skeptics who are saying it's a
volcano no they are not persuasive the
skeptics who say as sunspots they are
not persuasive there's another set of
skeptics who say look at my graph from
the past and you can see that the the
warming in the past and we're talking
about distant past is in the history of
the planet they they'll say look it's
very consistent the co2 follows the heat
the heat goes up first and then a
hundred years later the the co2 rises so
therefore the causation is backwards
here's what's wrong with that
why did that suddenly change because the
whole point of climate the hockey stick
is that at the moment meaning the let's
say the last 20 years in the last 20
years there has not been in a hundred
year lag between the rise in in one and
the rise and the other meaning co2 and
temperature so if the skeptics are
saying look we have proof that first you
have temperature go up and then eight
hundred years later you see the co2 rise
well how come it's happening at the same
time now why is there no a 100 year lag
why is co2 going into the air at the
same rate according to the climate
scientists at the same rate
all right so somebody's saying not true
well if it's not true that the co2 in
the temperature are quite aligned at the
moment in our current day if that's not
true then that goes to Tony elders
argument that some things have been you
know maybe the data has been fudged well
I don't think even he makes the argument
that one is following the other so I
would say the argument that one follows
the other is first of all true from a
scientific perspective in the sense and
you can fact check me on this I believe
it's true the co2 can raise temperature
at the same time it's true that a rising
temperature changes the environment and
releases more co2 so I think they both
happened but we don't know exactly the
really relationship there now the other
link in my for links was somebody
discussing how the 97% of climate
scientists degree is bogus
now here again here's the argument the
argument is that 97% of climate
scientists are on the same side and then
you look at the critic who says no no no
the 97% are really just people who have
an opinion that the temperature is going
up right and that co2 has a role which
is very different from saying
everybody's on the same page
right so the critic has the stronger
argument there because he's pointing to
details and you can you if you look at
the critic it's a stronger argument but
where is the response to the critic
where is the person who looks at the
critic it says okay I see what you're
saying you're saying that these are not
all in agreement but you're wrong
because XYZ where's that now lacking
that I give the credit to the last
argument which is the critic so the
critic has made a reasonable league
credible sounding criticism of the 97%
and then I haven't seen but maybe it
exists I haven't seen a critic of the
critic and without that do you really
know anything I would argue that the the
lack of it might you know raise raise
your alarm but the lack of that argument
doesn't mean it doesn't exist
it just means that I for sure it means
that I haven't heard it but beyond that
you can't be sure all right I hate to
bore you with all this climate stuff but
in many ways it's the most interesting
thing in the world because you've got a
few things going on one is that this is
either a giant psychology
you know ambassador Rhea or it's the
biggest problem in the world either way
it's really interesting and and I think
that there's also a good argument by the
way from the critics who say that
warming temperatures have historically
been associated with you know good
things for humans the humans just do
better when it's warmer and that there
will be as many places that turn from
inhospitable to hospitable or even more
of them then there will be places that
are already too warm and adding a little
extra warmth will make them unlivable so
that gets to the argument about the
economics can we really know that
climate science is even good or bad we
cannot know all right let's talk about
what else was happening
oh the Middle East so I saw a certain
article written by the previous wasn't
the ambassador to Syria under under
Obama so this is an Obama appointee no
friend of President Trump right so he's
an Obama appointee and he knows a lot
about Syria because he was the
ambassador and here's what he says which
is quite different from what you've been
reading in the mainstream news so this
guy who knows more than any of us know
about Syria because he served there and
he's no friend of President Trump that's
important says the Trump is probably
doing exactly the right thing and here's
the context that he adds he says that
first of all there's no long term
scenario where the u.s. you know has to
live in Syria to protect part of their
population it's not our country we don't
belong there
unless
got a specific mission which is largely
done so from a conceptual level I think
he agrees that we don't belong there if
there's a way to get out with them too
much pain now how the how do you get out
of course is the tricky part and
apparently the Kurds are already talking
to the Russians and to the Syrian
government and apparently they've always
been in contact so the Kurds have never
cut off you know diplomatic contact with
the proper government of Syria so it may
be that getting the Russians and the
Syrians to give them some protection
against turkey attacking on Syrian
territory might actually be a pretty
practical thing to do because the only
ones who seem to you know desperately
want them all dead
is the is the Turkish the Turkish forces
so Syria of course has fought against
the Kurds that's my understanding but
they would certainly be happy for the
Kurds to say okay you win you know
you're the government just make sure we
don't get slaughtered now could you
trust anybody over there yeah probably
not
so there's a trust problem but the other
thing that the prior ambassador to Syria
said is that the patch of land where the
Kurds are is kind of worthless so
apparently the oil wells there are are
almost tapped out and the oil is not a
big part of the Syrian economy anyway so
it's sort of a worthless piece of land
that we don't really need to protect and
probably the Kurds can get some kind of
protection elsewhere and then beyond
that we're gonna keep our bases in Iraq
so if we need to come back we can come
back but the interesting thing is that I
think the president and maybe you know
Jared Kushner I think they're playing a
bigger game it looks like they're trying
to line things up for a much larger
agreement that probably depends on on
pushing I ran into you either agreeing
with us with whatever we want or at
least getting out of the way now when
you hear that the u.s. is removing the
forces from the area and that Israel has
a free punch anytime they want in other
words there's nothing stopping Israel
from just you know continuing to bomb
things in Syria if they're bombing
people who would be you know a danger to
them in the future
so probably Israel is gonna get a little
bit savage as as we pull out which by
the way is going to take a while we're
not going to pull out until we've
figured out how to do it you know in a
way that works but I think Israel is
just gonna start mopping up anybody who
added an Iranian connection so you know
any any Hezbollah types I think Israel
just will will mark them and take them
out one by one
and maybe we just need to get out of the
way because the other thing I wonder
about is does Israel have the same rules
of engagement that US forces do now I
realize that our forces had more relaxed
rules of engagement under Madison Chow
but don't you think Israel has even
let's say even more permissive rules of
engagement meaning that the best thing
that could happen over there might be
for the US forces to just get out of the
way because Israel's
not gonna cut any corners right they're
gonna they're gonna take care of
business because you know they're their
existence as a state or as a country
depends on it so I think that they would
be far more aggressive than we would now
here's the interesting thing if it's
true that you know Iran and Qatar and
you know whoever is aligned with them
they all seem to be on the ropes right
now
the the the people who are aligned with
Iran are all losing it seems to me and
Iran seems to be losing because the
worst thing that could happen from
Iran's perspective I would think is for
Russia to have more control in Syria yes
you know Russia is not going to want
Iran to have as much control there so
that seems like a natural competition
there
Trump is shifting the ally relationships
that is true and here's the here's the
part that gives me the most optimism
about the Middle East right now
it has to do with the players and I've
said this before but I thought if I keep
going back to this imagine in your head
President Trump in the same room with
Putin Netanyahu the crown prince of
Saudi Arabia in Solomon and just think
about how capable those people are and
also how flexible they're going to be
and have a strong they are as leaders
and how willing they would do how
willing they would be to do things that
other people wouldn't do so so here's
what you have you have the highest level
of tolerance to risk and willing to
think outside the box and just really
smart right I'm not sure I don't know
how important China is to the Middle
East at the moment that's sort of a sort
of an empty spot in my knowledge with
other empty spots but it seems to me
that we have exactly the right leaders
even if you don't like them you know
even if you have your problems with
those leaders you can imagine them in
the same room and it all looks good
because they're in some ways they're all
the same personality they're all they're
all smart and bold and they're willing
to take a chance
they're willing to work with whoever
they need to work with to get something
done they're all practical I don't know
it's the most productive group of
leaders they have ever been on the same
side trying to solve the same problem
and I think I would bet on them so I'm
gonna bet that things are gonna be good
in the Middle East
meaning that meaning the trend will be
good there of course will always be
problems but that the trend will be
positive North Korea still has nukes
let me explain North Korea if you are in
a long-term negotiation with somebody
what you don't do is give up your stuff
first you make sure that you're giving
up things at the same rate as the other
team is giving up things the United
States has not given up anything that
says bigass North Korea giving up their
nukes now we have given up some things
we've stopped doing her we've stopped
doing our wargames we've you know we've
had summits we've you know given
prestige to North Korea so we've given
up things but there's nothing we've done
that says big as them giving up their
nukes and it makes sense for them to
hold out because that's the big that's
the big prize if they give up their
nukes we don't if they give up their
nukes tomorrow why would he we've and
give them you know any kind of let's say
trade deals or you know maybe aid and
rebuilding if they gave up their nukes
we would just stop caring and they would
get nothing else so I think they're
using it for leverage but keep in mind
but at the same time that North Korea
you may or may not be fussing with their
nukes to take them to the next level
without testing them the United States
capability is improving at the same time
the United States isn't sitting around
just waiting for North Korea to improve
their nukes every day that goes by the
US has better eyes on North Korea better
intelligence on North
yeah better targeting information on
North Korea better plans and better
technology so no matter how quickly
North Korea is developing their nukes
we're kind of developing things pretty
quickly on our end too so it's not clear
that they're getting some kind of
military advantage that's significant
so I would say that how much should you
worry about them still having nukes not
much at all
because even even if even if we went all
the way to the end of the process and
North Korea still had nukes why would
they aim em what else what why would
North Korea aim their nukes at the
United States when we just basically
said okay we don't want to be your enemy
anymore it just doesn't make sense it
would be a huge expense that would you
know their economy and give them
nothing nothing there's nothing to gain
from it there used to be it actually
made a lot of sense before to threaten
us because we threatened them and it was
you know make things a little dangerous
for us but at the moment I don't see any
benefit that they have and I can't
imagine they see it either
so we could get to the point where north
and North and South Korea try to you
know work together better for 50 years
and then someday 50 years from now North
Korea says you know why do we even have
these nukes what the hell good are they
they do nothing for us let's get rid of
these things so I'm not worried about
North Korea's nuke because all the
things that matter are going in the
right direction and and weirdly the
nukes at the moment don't really matter
because they don't have a reason to use
them against us as long as things are
going in the right direction and I don't
see that changing
alright I'm just looking at your
comments unsealed indictments not
interested in them I'm not interested
too much in the legal speculation stuff
but I would note that it seems that the
the legal stuff as has slowed down oh
there was a story today yeah you heard
the rumor that there was some rumored
secret tape of President Trump when he
was working on The Apprentice alleged to
have used the n-word and that it was on
it had been recorded and somebody had
the tape and I just saw an interview
with some reporter who just spent a
whole bunch of new yorker' I think we
just spent a whole bunch of time trying
to find that tape and apparently talk to
all the right people and all the right
people said I don't know of any tape so
apparently that's fake news so it is
fake news that there's some kind of tape
of the of the president using the n-word
and should we be surprised that that was
fake news no we should not be surprised
at that at all
yeah what about amaurosis tapes
well we for those what we yeah Amaro so
just disappeared didn't she somebody
wrote a article on North Korea all right
the what's the headline from the New
York Daily News today
I'm just leave your comments here yeah
and and as the reporter for The New
Yorker said if someone had that tape at
an organization where it's mostly
enemies of the president if someone had
a tape like that
imagine how much they can sell that tape
for thoughts on the new Russian nuclear
technology well my understanding is that
the new Russian technology would help
them Swart our missile defense that's on
their border but I ask you this our
missile defense isn't that good it's not
like anything changed right Russia had
the ability to new Europe and the United
States at the same time and Russia still
has the ability to nuke anything it
wants at the same time so the new the
new technology of the Russians is
impressive assuming it works but I don't
think it changes anything on the ground
because I don't see the now iron Iron
Dome I doubt that's a hundred percent
effective Iron Dome just catches as much
as I can and if you've got a nuclear
transaction with thousands of nukes it
doesn't take too many of them to get
through to have a bad day
yeah all right any other questions here
yeah the other thing that was in the
news is their Putin I guess Putin made
some kind of a statement to say that he
wanted to work better with the United
States in the coming year and that they
wanted to cordon a better on a wide
range of topics now that's the same
language that you're hearing about China
so the u.s. is trying to cooperate
better on a wide range of topics with
China at the same time Putin is saying
hey we'd like to have you know better
relations and agree on a wide range of
topics of common interests I've been
saying this for a while and I'm starting
to convinced myself the following it
might happened the three countries they
have the most reason to get along are
Russia China in the United States and
the three of us should have some kind of
an understanding that we're not each
other's enemies because we can't be you
know none of us can defeat the other
none of us want to try why are why are
we picking on each other with the small
stuff you know we've got the three
biggest you know military is in the
history of civilization and we're just
we're just doing small ball stuff you
know with each other so it feels like
everybody's gonna understand their best
interest is to just stop treating each
other as enemies because we're not we're
just not natural enemies we have a
natural reason to coordinate and to be
friends we have all the natural reasons
to be friends and we have no natural
reasons except psychology and history to
be enemies we just don't need it nobody
is better off this way there's no way
that Putin is saying to himself I like
it I like it that we're always doing
stuff to them and they're always doing
stuff to us that's just the way I like
it
there's no way he thinks that there's
nothing that Putin would like better
than to not be at odds with the United
States I have to think that somewhere in
their respective deep states that the
leaders of both the United States and
Russia maybe can stop their deep state
people
screwing with each other yeah maybe the
leaders don't have as much control as
we'd like them to have I'm a little bit
confused about why we treat Russia
especially as an enemy I understand that
they're doing bad things but why
what the hell what what are they trying
to gain unless they're just paying us
back for whatever bad things we're doing
to them that we also don't really need
to do all right
that's all I got I'll talk to you later