bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum hey
everybody come on in here it's time for
a coffee with Scott Adams and as luck
would have it you're in the right place
for that as soon as we get a thousand
people which will be any moment now
we got it we will do something called
the simultaneous up and then I'm gonna
blow your mind
so if you were ever thinking of bailing
out before the end of a periscope
probably don't want to do it this time
but before we get to that let's have let
me tell you what you need to enjoy the
simultaneous if it's not much all you
need is a car a cup or a mug or a glass
a tankard chowster stein a canteen
junker flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee enjoyed me now for the
unparalleled pleasure this the
dopamine's end of the day the thing that
makes everything better the simultaneous
sip go better every time now I'm gonna
I'm going to tell you some things today
that it might blow your mind a little
bit we'll start a slow so slowly we'll
start slowly now here's a little rule
that I have for predicting things and
I've used it once before I can't tell
that I'm right but here's the situation
whenever you have these three things you
should look in a certain place for the
truth and here are the three conditions
if there's something that is very
high-stakes meaning there's a lot of
money involved
that's the condition one there's a lot
of money involved condition number two
there's something the government is
doing that doesn't pass the sniff test
so there's a lot of money involved and
the government policy so far doesn't
quite make sense that's the second
condition
and then the third one is the government
offers you no explanation for why
they're there policies don't make sense
if those three things happen
follow the money that's right so the
three conditions again and I'll give you
the exact example after this are that
there's very high stakes a lot of money
involved there's something the
government's doing that doesn't make
sense to the citizens doesn't pass the
sniff test
and the third part they don't explain
why they're doing it that way under
those conditions get very suspicious
follow the money
let me give you one example when Obama
was president he ran for president say
he was going to be sort of ignoring
marijuana dispensaries in California and
at the time I said sounds like a fairly
solid president I was very Pro Obama in
the early days and I also liked his his
take on marijuana that he was going to
leave it alone in terms of the federal
government but for some reason during
his term and with that explanation which
is the key part of the story without
explanation he reversed and decided that
he would actually prosecute dispensaries
in California indeed there was one
gentleman who had a dispensary who was
looking at ten years in prison
now you say to yourself if you could
reverse a major policy the opinion and
you're gonna reverse it in a way that
would make somebody go to jail because
they depended on your last opinion
wouldn't you say that doesn't pass the
sniff test unless it's explained right
if Obama said yeah I used to think this
but now I've changed my mind to this and
here's my reason I would say well I
might like the reason I might not like
the reason but at least he gave a reason
what was obamas stated public reason for
changing his opinion from leaving
dispensaries alone in California to
putting people in jail for it
none not then not ever not ever there
was no point at which President Obama
ever explained why he changed his mind
and potentially he could put a
californian in jail for 10 years that's
when he lost me because under those
conditions the only reasonable
assumption you can make is that he was
bribed then when I say bribed I don't
mean in a way that was necessarily
technically illegal as in here's some
cash put it in your bank account but in
the legal process or I'm sorry in the in
the political world a bribe can take
many forms it could be in terms of
supporting a campaign it could be in for
in terms of some future deal that's
unspecified it could be anything that's
beneficial so in my opinion the Obama of
dispensary flip-flop met all the
conditions of follow the money there had
to be somebody with a lot of money who
was influencing that because otherwise
otherwise Obama would just tell you the
reason oh I used to think this I have
new information where I thought about it
now I think that's absent that
exploration there's something corrupt
going on or at least some money
influenced you wish was not happening
now let's talk about the corona virus do
we have a similar situation I think we
do if you're watching the news you know
that this corona virus is becoming a
real big deal in China and starting to
spread three people in America have it
so far there are 56 dead mostly in China
I believe and close to 2,000 cases as of
today and growing quickly do you think
that that's all there is because China's
closing entire cities you can't cover go
from entire cities now do you think that
maybe it's bigger than that well smart
people are saying yeah it's probably a
lot bigger than that because what
they're telling us is scary enough
there's probably more to it
but here's the thing
the this the government of the United
States responding to this is that I
guess they started to screen passengers
at three of the big airports in the
United States they have some connection
to Wuhan but we also know as of today
that you can't necessarily identify the
symptoms so we we don't have any
confidence in fact we have the opposite
we suspect it's not true
that you can actually successfully
screen people and know that you got it
so the US policy is to scream certain
people in certain cases and then let
them into the country does that make
sense to you does that pass your sniff
test when you see that the government of
the United States looking at this deadly
outbreak in China that's already made
its way into the country in a small way
but could could devastate this country
does it make sense to you that the
government's response is well we'll
screen them when we also know this
screening is not necessarily effective
so that makes sense no it does not make
sense but you can always look to the
government's explanation right if the
government is doing something that
doesn't make sense to you well it could
be because they have more information
they might have a strategy that wasn't
obvious to you so let's go to the
government's explanation for why they
have not already completely closed the
airports for travel from China
now when I say completely I do think
you'd have to treat differently American
citizens who are trying to get back in
the country and maybe you could
quarantine them for a week to make sure
that you know that you're safe but let's
say of the ordinary traveler not the
Americans trying desperately to get back
to their home just the ordinary traveler
what is the government's explanation for
why the airports are not already closed
from China completely have you heard it
I haven't heard it if you have not heard
it you can only conclude
one thing there's high-stakes closing
closing travel from China would be
really expensive for somebody it fails
the sniff test because you and I are
looking at it and saying what if you
can't reliably screen it by looking at
the individuals don't you have to close
the airport from China just stop it
right but maybe there's a reason but
there isn't our government has not
explained it now if they explained it to
me and I heard the reason I said well
you know okay all things considered that
makes sense I could I could maybe
believe it when your government does not
explain to you why their decision that
doesn't pass the sniff test is not
already being implemented there's
somebody with money who is perverting
the system who is it who has the most to
lose if China's flights get cancelled
travel industry I mean the travel
industry is the obvious one there may be
more maybe you can think of someone else
but here's a case where I think you have
to lose all faith in your government you
know I know you're you're all Trump
supporters and you'd like to you support
him whatever he does but this is a
really clean case where your government
is failing you at the highest level this
is a complete failure of government a
complete failure and it can only be
because we have no explanation that's
official
it can only be the money is influencing
it if you have another explanation maybe
you should explain it to our government
so they can explain it to us short of an
explanation your government has failed
you and they're failing you in the worst
possible way I mean they are failing us
hard so whatever you want to say
positive about the Trump administration
and there's plenty of it
yeah I'm a big proponent of what he's
done for the economy etc but
we have a leader who can just say stop
stop the flights until we figure this
out
and he hasn't what's up with that
all right give us the explanation I'll
listen I'm totally open to a good
explanation but short of that you've
failed
you've failed in a deadly way this is
complete government failure and by the
way it's not just Trump right I don't
hear any I don't hear any Democrats
crying to close the airport why not
Democrats you got any leaders is there
anybody running for president how many
how many how many Democrats do we have
running for president are any one of
those at demanding that the
airports be closed none unless you've
heard it I haven't heard anybody I
haven't heard anybody say that but if
they're not then you can't say that this
is limited somehow that Trump if
nobody's saying it so big questions for
you why is your government failing you
this hard and so obviously it's got to
be money all right
now let's talk about the impeachment see
how we're doing so far I thought
everybody seems to agree that the the
president's lawyers were smart to keep
their their first statements brief
because the Senators were all angry at
Schiff and his group for making him sit
through such a torturous few days so
quite wisely the president's lawyers
said well nobody was watching TV on
Saturday anyway
and as the president pointed out we'll
just do a couple of you know tight hours
let everybody go home at least I'll have
a good feeling about us and we won't
overload them we'll just make sure that
we've responded to the main claims so
that we've got something out there to
compete with that claim over the weekend
so I think that was a good solid
approach
what did CNN have to do have to say
about the president's legal team's
approach you know I watched it you
watched it you probably thought
guys are pretty good pretty pretty good
yeah they're solid lawyers they're
they're definitely getting it done so
what did Jeffrey Toobin on CNN say he
complained about their ethnicities and
their genders because the president's
legal team is all white males and I'm
thinking yeah okay I mean I can see the
point the I accept the general statement
that whenever an administration can show
diversity say it's a plus because the
country likes it it's a good message but
is that the key thing when you're
talking about impeaching a president I
mean on the on the list of things that
matter to the country that would be
pretty close to the bottom on this
particular thing although I agree that
the general topic of getting diversity
in your government is a good one but on
this but on every topic every time all
the time and then Eli Hoenig writing on
CNN said the defense from the
president's lawyers was weak because and
he didn't say this directly but I'll say
it is weak because we can read the
president's mind but we can also read
zelinsky's mind and we know that they're
both lying so that that was the
criticism of the president's lawyers
defense is that basically we can read
Trump's mind and you know what he's
thinking and mature zalenski said he
wasn't pressured but you know what he
was thinking now I agree that if you're
just a human being and you're looking at
human things we do say this person's
probably lying etc so that's a form of
mind-reading but in terms of an
impeachment which is a semi quasi legal
proceeding you really can't convict
people for what you imagine they're
thinking now it turns out that the
president's lawyers said that directly
several times they actually use the the
words mind-reading
and they said you know that the that
shifts team is trying to read Trump's
mind and reads olinsky's mind and that
there's no basis for that now is that a
good defense to say that their
mind-reading it's pretty good defense if
it were a legal trial it would be a
better defense because you know that
would be a more aligned with the rules
but because it's an impeachment and you
can make up the rules and it's a
political process I don't know it makes
that much difference I would expect that
the real argument the one that makes a
difference will start when darshan which
gets involved
I think Dershowitz is going to go in and
say it doesn't matter who is reading
whose mind he might he's not going to
say that directly but the inference will
be it doesn't matter who's reading whose
mind and also it doesn't matter if the
president did everything that he's
accused of doing none of it matters
because it doesn't rise to impeachable
as the Constitution requires so I think
Dershowitz is just going to put the
hammer down and end this whole thing I
doubt we'll see any kind of witnesses
called now here's the interesting thing
well let me let me talk about one thing
one more thing before I change topics
I watched a Democrat Senator Stabenow I
hope I'm pronouncing right Stabenow or
Stabenow and she was doing an interview
after in between one of the sessions
were after and she said that she said
that the claim oh my god she claimed
that the president broke the law by
withholding aid to Ukraine so after
listening to all this evidence for
impeachment a senator who sat through
two days of the prosecution saying what
the president did wrong goes in front of
a camera and says that the president
broke the law by withholding aid to
Ukraine now here's what I tweeted back
to her were actually tweeted about it I
said can she ask her fellow idiots why
no crimes were alleged
the impeachment articles how in the
world did she sit through two days of
testimony from her own team and not
notice that no crimes were even alleged
there's no crimes alleged is she the
only one that saw a crime alleged she
sat through two days of it what did she
do just play with her spinner is that it
was she paying attention to any of it
did she watch any of the impeachment
because no crimes are alleged but she
saw some she saw her own crimes so she's
in her own little personal movie there
now here's a here's the weird part
remember I promised you something weird
was going to come this is the part all
right now this won't mean as much to
people who have not been following me
for a while and especially if you read
win big Lee my book about persuasion and
the 2016 race this will make more sense
but I'll try to catch you up if you
haven't read that book what are the one
of the things I do to track my own
influence if anybody's new here I'm a
trained hypnotist and I've been studying
persuasion for decades but one of the
tricks I use to track whether or not
I've influenced either a person or an
event it's all sometimes use unique
vocabulary the vocabulary that you
wouldn't normally see in that context
because if I use it and then I see
somebody later using the same vocabulary
you can't be sure but it would suggest
that maybe you had some influence you
can't guarantee it but it's it would be
a strong hint of that and indeed indeed
I think that this linguistic fingerprint
is so strong that sometimes I think you
can identify who is influencing events
by what words are being used because
people have sort of a linguistic
fingerprint right and I quite famously
called out that when Hillary Clinton in
the summer
to 2016 suddenly started using the word
dark and all of the pundits on the
Democrat side simultaneously and at the
same time that's when simultaneous means
they started using the word dark right
after the Republican convention and as
soon as I heard the word I thought oh
wow this is not an ordinary political
word this comes from somebody who really
knows the science of persuasion because
dark is perfectly designed it's a single
word it's easy to repeat everybody knows
what the word dark means but it's
suggestive of a whole range of vague
fears and that's really good persuasion
because you don't want to say to
somebody you should fear X because
sometimes people will say I'm not really
afraid of X now if you had said why I'd
be a really afraid of Y but you said X
so some people are afraid of that but
I'm not instead a better persuader would
say this situation is very dark and then
suddenly suddenly everybody can put
their own fear into it because it's not
excluded dark are you saying something
racist is going to happen dark are you
saying that our economy will fail dark
are you saying that we'll have a nuclear
war what it I'm afraid so as soon as I
sort of saw that word dark
I said publicly that I believe there was
a high level persuader who got involved
it and I thought I could actually
identify that person think of this claim
just think of how extraordinary this
claim is I said in public that I thought
I can identify the person and of all the
billions of people in the world that I
could then identify the one person who
was behind that one word and I said at
first I called him Godzilla
because I didn't want to name him yet
eventually I put my prediction on it
that it was Robert Jill DD who is no in
Fez
you know the top author on influence I
found out later after I'd made the
prediction I found out later that he had
he admitted that he had helped helped
consult the Obama campaign now if he
helped Obama is it likely that he might
have been asked to help Hillary Clinton
well we don't have that you know as as a
fact in evidence but it seems likely
right and he was asked because I
mentioned it in an interview and the
reporter went and asked and his response
when asked if he was consulting for the
Clinton campaign was no comment does
anybody say no comment when you ask them
if they're working for somebody and
they're not if they're not working for
somebody did they say no comment they
could I suppose as possible but not
likely somebody who knows Jill Dini
reported but this is this is hearsay so
I didn't hear it directly but reported
that they had it confirmed that he was
consulting for Clinton now and then the
third piece of evidence
yes his long wind-up but but the payoff
is good the the third piece of evidence
is that I've personally communicated
will chill Dini
and we've you know we've communicated by
DMS on Twitter mostly just about his new
book I've recommended it it was called
pre suasion great book you should all
read it so if he wanted to correct me
it'd be easy he was just DME the way his
DM to me before and said oh no that
wasn't me you know thanks for thinking
it was me but that wasn't me he could
have done that
he hasn't my books been out for a while
I'm sure he's seen it by now so we
believe that Robert eldini or it could
be somebody that he that was a mentored
we think he was probably behind that
word at dark because it has such a
strong tell for a trained persuader
here's where the fun part gets Joe Biden
has a new commercial out that's saying
why he's the best choice against Trump
and it shows some poll numbers where he
beats Trump in
his poles and then at the end of the
thing it shows Bernie Sanders from
behind and it's obvious is Bernie
Sanders and the the tagline is that we
can't take the risk that Trump gets
reelected and but it's showing its
showing burning as the risk in other
words but Bernie can't get elected
against Trump
so he's the risk that has transferred a
big it's basically the risk of Trump but
Bernie's the problem because he would
create that risk that Trump would win
again now that word risk does that sound
like one that you hear all the time in
politics that's a tell you you see the
word risk and you say to yourself that's
not normal because if it were normal you
would say oh yeah they all the campaign
say that about the other side but not
really it's sort of an unusual word
isn't it
now where did it come from well you may
remember I told the story and when
Bigley that Bill Clinton used the same
attack against Dole and Jack Kemp now
why did Clinton use the word risky he
used risky with the why why did he say
that Kemp and Dole were risky it was
because the economy was doing well and
everybody agreed so everybody on both
sides said yeah the Bill Clinton economy
is looking pretty strong so what Kemp
and Dole were suggesting was supply-side
economics that they would grossly they
would you know cut taxes a lot but it
would we'd make more money than longer
now why is that good to say that's risky
well it's because most most voters skew
older older people are less likely to
enjoy risk right because if you're old
enough and you've got some money and
you're voting you don't want risk and
when the economy is doing well the last
thing you want is more risk so it
basically took the entire hour
meant from Kemp and Dole on economics
totally off the table it looked
ridiculous when he looked at it from a
risk management perspective it was a
kill shot risky was a complete kill shot
now where did Bill Clinton get it well
Bill Clinton actually was not the first
one in his campaign to say risky it was
actually Al Gore the first place that
came out was when Al Gore did a debate
against Jack Kemp and in that debate
Gore said it's a risky scheme it's a
risky scheme to try to fix everything
with just by lowering taxes now the way
campaigns work is the vice president
candidate will sometimes try out a line
of attack and then the president if it
works only if it works then the
president will say okay that worked now
I'm gonna say it if the vice president
tries the line of attack and it doesn't
work well then the presidential
candidate either ignores it or says oh
no you know he wasn't quite on board you
know that this is what we really mean
might be might clarify her correct it
but it was so effective when Gore used
it in fact it was all the headlines the
next day after the debate all the
headlines were that word a risky scheme
risky scheme risky scheme doracles of
the risky scheme then Clinton took it up
and it was a total kill shot so the real
question is where did Al Gore get it if
we're tracing back this word now Al Gore
almost certainly got it from somebody
advising from a staff member because
usually the candidates themselves and I
think Trump is the exception to this but
typically the candidates themselves are
not coming up with the ideas they're
they're responding to an improving ideas
from a variety of advisors so the real
question is can we trace back this word
risk from Joe Biden back to the Clinton
universe which would suggest that people
from the Clinton universe maybe at least
some of them or a lot of them were
involved with the Biden campaign which
is important right
if the Clinton machine is behind Biden
that's pretty pretty big deal so Biden
used this word risk which echoes back to
Bill Clinton and probably some
association between advisers which
echoes back to Al Gore which probably
came from some kind of an advisor on his
staff but who advised the staff member
who was the person trained in in
persuasion who talked to one of Al Gore
staff members and suggested that risk
and that word risky was the best line of
attack I'm gonna tell you it was me I
actually was advising the Al Gore
campaign now I was advising through
advisers and what that means if you're
not involved in this world it means that
it means that Al Gore might not be aware
of where the suggestion came from
meaning that you know they get lots of
suggestions from lots of people it's
unlikely that Al Gore necessarily knew
that it came from me and it's even less
likely that President Clinton knew that
Al Gore got it from somebody who got it
from me and there you have it that's the
first time I've ever told that story in
public by the way and I think we've just
come to a time when it's it's fair to
tell it now can I guarantee that I was
the cause of either Al Gore using risky
scheme as his theme can I guarantee that
actually no because I can't guarantee
that because it's possible somebody else
came up with it at exactly the same time
because the timing was also right I said
it and then it came out of his mouth
basically so as possible as somebody
else thought of it it just was at the
same time and it's also possible that
the Biden campaign came up with it
completely on their own
maybe it could be but
look for these little these little
linguistic tells and sometimes you can
trace them back to their source I'm
pretty sure dark came from Godzilla or
Robert Chill Dini or somebody that he
mentored and there's a good chance that
the Biden campaign commercial is at
least influenced through a chain of
connections to something I did back in
the 90s now why have I never told you
this story before there's a good reason
you wouldn't have believed it if I had
told you this story in the late 90s
would you have believed it
no you wouldn't you wouldn't have
believed it because you would have said
yeah cartoonists maybe not
but now easily now you've watched and
now you have observed me introducing
words and concepts which have entered
their the common consciousness so you've
seen me do it a number of times and
therefore I can tell you the story for
the first time because now you believe
that I could do that all right now some
of you are gonna be mad at me and say
why could you do that
why could you help on that and the
answer is very simple the Bill Clinton
economy was really good I didn't want
more risk do you know what you shouldn't
do when you're in the Trump economy the
Trump economy is great do you know what
you shouldn't do change the whole thing
with a Bernie or an Elizabeth Warren
approach there's no rational risk
management approach no there's no risk
management approach that makes sense if
things are going well that you change it
all just doesn't make sense so the same
argument that worked for Al Gore don't
introduce risk when things are going
well is exactly the same argument that
the president you use now Biden is
cleverly using it against the president
and I think that's a good play we'll see
if it works all right now you're gonna
what you're good to say is well isn't
Ellen or the devil and the answer is
probably not probably not let let me let
me really make you mad and give you a
pro al gore opinion first of all I did
get to meet al gore and hung out with
him a little bit in in his office in the
White House I was in the I was in
Washington and one thing led to another
I was doing some other business and I
got invited to the White House and I
heard that the vice president actually
invited me to stop in now I find out
later that he was actually a fan of
Dilbert
he actually had a Dilbert comic on his
wall it would happen to be about him
that's why he had it of course his staff
got it but he knew Abby from the comic
etcetera and and and so that's a my
connection to him so I liked him
personally now somebody sang he invented
the internet here's a big mistake that
Al Gore made when people mocked him for
claiming he invented the Internet
he said yeah you're right you know and
he back down from that he should not
have back down for that the reason he
should not have back down for that is
that he invented the Internet now he
didn't invent it technically of course
he was not the technologist he wasn't
programming anything he didn't come up
with the idea but he was the person who
got it funded before anybody knew what
the hell it was Al Gore made the
internet by getting it funded because
having a good idea it doesn't get you
there you got to have that good idea and
get it funded he thought he saw it early
he saw decades before other people saw
it he funded it all right he made that
happen so when he backed down from that
I thought it was the biggest mistake
anybody's ever made in politics because
he should have just owned it and said
you know I didn't mean that technically
but I did get the funding and look
what's look what's happened I saw it
early
now climate change climate change kind
of kind of interesting
because as we talked about even the
Trump administration has now maybe
grudgingly
but it seems that they've accepted the
connection between co2 and warming it
seems that smart people all over the
administration are now on that side now
whether that's the end of the world I
agree with President Trump that were
really good at solving this kind of
thing
we'll be fine I'm glad that other people
are panicking because that's why things
get solved but I'm personally not going
to panic because I know we got this
right but it looks like it looks like Al
Gore's prediction from however long ago
was directionally correct but full of
hyperbole meaning that his predictions
were way off you know that we would
already be under water away off so
prediction wise I don't think Al Gore
has any credibility but directionally
directionally both sides are on board
now he actually got there first now it
took me a long time to get to the point
where I could say yeah probably at least
the science part is right I still think
the prediction part is crazy
but the science part looks like both
both Republicans and Democrats are
starting to get on board on that so I've
always liked Al Gore for being ahead of
his time you can dislike him for his
various policies and I'm fine with that
but on two situations he's a time
traveler I mean he got the internet
before anybody knew it and he was on
this co2 warming thing before any real
politicians of that stature were on it
and dedicated his life to it
so I'm a big fan of Al Gore and I think
the complaints about him he has a big
house and he flies on a jet those are
dumb complaints you know I think Greta
should just fly in a jet if she wants to
I don't think that has anything to do
with their message you know we do live
in a world where we have dirty tools and
clean tools and maybe sometimes you have
to use them both so I don't think that's
legitimate argument anyway let's talk
about Joe Rogan as you know he did serve
a quasi endorsement for Bernie Sanders
and of course he got a lot of heat for
that because he was accused of being a
bad person because his guests have said
bad things but let me let me stop you
here because I'm saying all the nut jobs
and the comments that just has to say
this if you're still saying the co2
doesn't contribute to warming of the
planet your your group of people who who
are saying that it's just shrinking to
nothing we're kind of past that
completely fair to say that predictions
are aren't what they say they were we're
not going to be necessarily underwater
in ten years completely fair but that
one fact the co2 causes warming you're
really that ones that you know you could
be right
but it would be like you could be right
that goes so real I mean it's sort of in
that category you could be right that
the moon is made of cheese I haven't
been there I haven't taken a chunk maybe
the moon is made of cheese
I'm not saying you're hundred-percent
wrong but it's you should be embarrassed
by that argument at this point
all right the predictions you can still
be uncertain about all right
so Joe Rogan got a lot of heat because
he has guessed this a controversial
thing so he's being painted with his
guests so slate did this story in which
they were basically trying to trash Joe
Rogan and and they have this theory that
Joe Rogan is responsible for what his
guests say and and Bernie Sanders is
responsible for what Joe Rogan does so
Bernie Sanders is responsible for
Rogen's opinions which are somehow
transferred from his guests into Rogen
and then transferred again into Bernie
so somehow Democrats have this weird
idea of guilt transference that if you
associate with people in any
professional way or even personal that
they're bad thoughts and ideas transfer
to you because you've promoted them
somehow and then they transfer again
presumably to birdie but it wouldn't end
there because if Bernie's got this
badness all of his supporters have it
too we've learned that right so
apparently if you're a guest on Joe
Rogan and you say bad things those bad
things transfer into Joe Rogan and then
because he endorsed Bernie and Bernie
accepted it those bad things transfer
into Sanders and then of course the
voters are really to blame
so Bernie's voters are a bunch of racist
and transphobes according to slate now
watching slate cancel with some people
it was very fun so that's that's a good
time all right
so dude Scott needs to understand the
number of hoaxers don't know what that
means
the science of co2 causing warming is
not there I think at this point you'd
have to be an idiot to think that I'm
gonna be you know there's just no way
around it anymore
there I'm Pro skepticism and you know
there's a whole whole lot about climate
science and you know funding and what
they really want and the projections and
the economics so there's plenty of stuff
to be skeptical about and I am skeptical
about a lot of it but that one question
does co2 yet all else being equal adding
co2 to the atmosphere I think you have
to trust that the scientists got that
one right I mean that that's that's sort
of like knowing that gravity works all
over the earth you know sort of
like that yeah but the Sun I just go
look at your comments for a little bit
because I was talking and now looking at
them so much in vote Tony Heller on
so Tony I was going to have him on some
time ago we talked about it
Tony Heller is I think the most
effective persuader on the co2 is all a
big hoax and I've I've looked at a lot
of this material and I would say that he
raises lots of questions that are worth
answering about the accuracy of
terrestrial thermometers and such and I
think he'll that's worth looking at but
on the basic question of whether co2
causes warming just you just have to
release on that one all right it was
fine to be skeptical in the beginning
but we're way past that
yeah so there's some evidence that
Elizabeth Warren's campaign is crashing
and I'm still surprised at Biden's
popularity because I still have never
met a Biden supporter have you now I
realize I've been you know I'm in
California and you know I spend time in
my little corner of the internet so
maybe it's just I'm walled off in my own
little bubble and there's tons and tons
of Biden supporters everywhere but why
why don't I ever meet one I've met lots
of Bernie supporters if you looked at
the Bernie support and the Biden support
they're about the same right you know in
that relatively in that same range why
is it that I've I've met lots of Bernie
supporters but I've never met a Biden
supporter not once so I have to ask
myself whether those poll numbers are
even real at this point but there are
different polling organizations so it
seems unlikely they would all be bought
off but it's one of those questions well
I don't ever beat one
I miss and act like you know that the
scientists got the co2 wrong and it's
it's all water vapor and it's not that
big of an effect and all that I know you
want to do that yeah yeah all of you
arguing this stuff co2 went from point O
3 to 0.04 that it's it just makes my
head hurt because the arguments are so
bad if your argument is that co2 only
went up a little bit
therefore can't be to blame a little bit
of poison will kill you all right the
scientists understand that it only went
up you know by whatever refraction
compared to what it used to be they've
looked at that all right you're not the
one who discovered that they've looked
at that so a little bit of poison can
kill you all right and here's the other
worst comment I was waiting for this the
planet thrived when co2 was way higher
all right if you have if you're of the
opinion the co2 can't be the problem
because in our past we know that co2 was
much higher and it wasn't warmer you
have been bamboozled my friend you have
been really bamboozled do you know
what's wrong with that what you don't
know so if you look at the skeptical
stuff the skeptics will say co2 used to
be way higher and yet the earth wasn't
warmer therefore co2 is not a problem do
any of you know what's wrong with that
will you be hearing it for the first
time from me because it means you
haven't really looked into it if this is
the first time you hear what I'm gonna
say now you should abandon everything
you thought about co2 and warming
because you don't know a frickin thing
here it is co2 used to be a lot higher
even though the earth was cooler because
other things were very different then I
think I'm not sure if it was the Sun or
the atmosphere or whatever it is
but you don't have to go very far to
find out the that the scientists
response to that is yes co2 didn't make
as much a difference because all of the
other variables were some of the other
important variables were different so if
you thought that that was the kill shot
to co2 well he used to be higher you
just are so uninformed it's painful
because it doesn't take long to google
that and find out yeah it was much
higher all the scientists know that they
all acknowledge it and they know why the
co2 did not cause warming then it's very
easy to understand the I think was the
the Sun cycles or something was
different it was something different
than whatever it was but you really if
you want to sound smart talking about
co2 never say these things
the scientists forgot to study the Sun
that just marks you as terribly
uninformed because yes they did they'd
study the Sun - there used to be more
co2 in the past that just marks you as
uninformed because there were other
variables are different we understand
that and then there are other there are
other complaints like well there was
this period where the co2 was rising in
the early industrial part and for 17
years or something it didn't go the
temperature didn't go up so you're like
ah there was this period where co2 went
up in our modern times and and the
temperature didn't go up with it I know
it's because the and the answer of
course is that it's not lockstep
sometimes there can be a lag of 17 years
the scientists say that that's what
happens none of that none of these are
criticisms against the actual science if
you're reading the skeptical science and
then you don't immediately google what
the scientists say as a response to the
skepticism you haven't done anything if
all you're doing is reading what Tony
Heller said and said well that looks
pretty convincing then you're you're
gullible you should not be in the
argument at all you should you should
recuse yourself if you read what Tony
Heller says and then you take any one of
his arguments
googling and then see what the what the
official response is well at least then
you've seen both sides
somebody says your BS makes me sick
well I will heal you by blocking you
somebody says incorrect incorrect gets
blocked those are the rules
people you can give me reasons but you
can't just say incorrect
we'll see if anybody else needs to get
blocked I can't watch this alarmism mine
is the opposite of alarmism people yeah
I just told you we're gonna be fine even
if the co2 is the problem so that's the
opposite of alarmism let's see who else
needs to be blocked ten years from now
you will regret these statements block
telling people to believe it because we
said so there's not science well that's
not what I'm saying
I piece of IPCC excluded the Sun and
only choose to find human change they
excluded the Sun do you know why they
exclude the Sun because scientists have
you're blocked
I'm gonna block people who say it's the
Sun from now on you can say this on to
other people but don't you I don't want
to see it anymore because it's just too
annoying that you're not even trying you
should at least try it's okay to be
wrong but at least try it seems more
comments can the theory be taste and
tested here is somebody saying co2 is
twice what it's ever been in 40,000
years yeah don't know what that means
they won't debate him no there's a
reason that they don't debate
some of the skeptics why are they using
it as a power grab as a that's a
different question you call people
gullible but if they call you that you
block them that is correct because when
I call them gullible then I give my
reasons if they were to give me a reason
and then call me gullible I would not
block them if they said here's what
you're missing and I call you gullible
that's okay that that would be that
would follow from the reasons reasons
are okay hasn't the world been warming
since the Ice Age ended look it up just
looking at some more of your comments
co2 is not a good greenhouse gas that's
a a gullible skeptic point co2 is not a
good greenhouse gas and you know water
vapour bubble bla do you think that the
scientists are not aware of how the
various gases in the atmosphere like
which ones are big ones and which ones
are small ones okay that's not a good
criticism climate scientists they can
rank which ones have the most most
effect so I'm not going to block you you
just need to look into that a little bit
more now I'm not going to invite Tony
Heller because he is not credible and so
unfortunately he's not credible I do
like some of his is descritization is
getting warmer in the last decade or so
so I don't think I want to muddy the
waters with that boom alright just
looking at some of the comments Wow boy
soon as I'm bringing up that
and I've never seen any any topic in
which people know less but are more
confident than climate science in both
sides by the way this this is not both
sides are so unreasonably confident
about that it is a problem or isn't that
I'd say they're both equally irrational
all right let's just see if there's
anybody else who needs to get blocked we
don't have enough characters to give you
a well explained reason actually that
well that's a good point
I'm not expecting you to give an entire
argument just give me the basis so if
for example you said I don't believe you
because I read this article and wired or
whatever I don't deeply see the whole
the whole thing I just need to know
there's something there why don't they
debate to the credible skeptics I used
to ask that question too so that's a
reasonable question why don't why don't
the scientists debate the credible
skeptics and I can tell you there's
actually a good reason for that it's not
obvious until you start digging into it
yourself and here's the reason the
reason is that if you debate them it it
elevates the skeptics opinion because
then you're saying oh this is a worthy
opinion worthy of being debated on the
public stage that's just not the case
the the skeptics were going to debate
the scientists on scientific levels have
not risen to the level of being credible
enough that they should be on the same
stage now and I'll say this a million
times if the debate were only about the
accuracy of the models you know the
predictions then I would say that would
be a fair debate because nobody is
really great at predicting in the future
in 80 years and even scientists should
say yeah we're not the best of that so
that would be fair debate I think the
skeptics would have the advantage in
that actually but the basic science that
the scientists I I have grudgingly come
to accept that they would be worse
for even imagining that the
counter-argument was worthy of public
exposure what happens this we the public
care judge who's right so so the
skeptics would say you forgot the Sun
and then the scientists would say no we
didn't and then half the people would
say you forgot the Sun all right
that's all for now we'll talk to you
later