bum-bum-bum-bum-bum everybody get in
here come on come on we had a lot of
stuff to talk about today some of its
good some of its not as good something
is great the the news is actually filled
with really really good news there's
some scary stuff too they're always in
it
you know you always have those stories
but the news is starting to shape up if
you're following all the news not just
the political news there are some really
good things happening in the world that
don't get much attention but I'll give
it a little bit of love today thanks for
coming in would you like to join me from
the simultaneous if I know you would
grab your copy your mug your glass your
tankard your Stein your chalice your
service your flask fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the simultaneous it that
couldn't been warmer still delicious
well in no particular order South Korea
has reported that North Korea has
launched what they call an unidentified
projectile into the ocean
now maybe it was a missile but my guess
is that the unidentified projectile that
North Korea launched into the ocean was
probably the guy who was their lead
negotiator on that last summit because
that guy didn't deliver so I've kind of
feeling that the projectiles might be
you know uncles and cousins were not
playing well with the the Dear Leader
just kidding on another story
senator Cornyn has tweeted about Denver
approving legalized psychedelic
mushrooms and the senator says what
could go wrong it's a fair question you
did
pretty risky if you're not if you're not
deeply into the science of psychedelics
and mushrooms and so I just reach
retweeted that I'm guessing and this is
just a guess there's something close to
a hundred percent of all the people who
have ever tried psychedelic mushrooms
not a hundred percent but probably
something really did I lose audio again
I'll wait for a second oh wait wait let
me know when the audio comes back on who
says no a lot of people are saying no
but all right
so we have one young so something close
to 100% of people who have tried magic
mushrooms I'm guessing I don't have data
on this but I'm guessing that a hundred
percent of them or something close to it
would say we should try it try
legalizing not not try mushrooms but we
should try and legalize it as a whole
bunch of therapeutic benefits and whole
life benefits which I have experienced I
do not recommend them I want to make
this very clear I do not recommend
marijuana I do not recommend magic
mushrooms because they are essentially
medicinal things and if you haven't
heard it from a doctor or you're not
adventurous don't go near them but it is
true that a number of people have had
life-changing experiences and I would
count myself as one of them it changes
forever how you see the world in a good
way even just one experience so to
Senator John Cornyn I say if they test
it in one place let's say Denver it does
minimize the potential risk and that we
can find out whenever you have that
situation
where there's an ability to test
something locally and just find out what
happens is it good is it bad let's find
out
I'm never opposed to it so it's safe
enough and smart enough that it does
make sense that somebody who's testing
it in one city if it doesn't work out it
won't come to a city near you I wouldn't
worry about it here's a flash from the
past
do you remember I think it was last
summer when the president tweeted jobs
not mobs and he was talking about all
the mobs of antiphon other protesters so
we're always in the streets now is it my
imagination or have the mobs largely
dissipated since then yeah my wrong or
is it just a summer thing maybe there'll
be more of them in the summer just
because the weather's better but could
somebody fact check on that it seems
like the number of times an tyfa or any
of the mobs have gone to the street it
feels like a lot less but i I've not
seen reporting on that I'm just it's
just a feeling so somebody's saying is
seasonal but I guess we'll find out so
let's probably just a question mark on
that
have you noticed and I'm going to talk
about more good news today than you're
used to so this will make you feel good
I hope have you noticed that the critics
of the president are not pushing him
hard on the China negotiations you know
looking a little tentative because China
sort of pulled back a little bit they're
doing this little little dance have you
noticed that and I didn't see it but I
think Chuck Schumer actually backed the
President on this when was the last time
you saw the Democrats pull back from
criticizing the President on a primary
policy thing I would like to thank the
Democrats so when something good happens
I like to call it out because maybe you
get more of it if you
although the the trade deal with China
is as close as you can get to a military
confrontation without the military part
it's sort of a war you know it's an
economic war but it does seem that the
Democrats have completely abandoned
attacking the president while he's
negotiating do you see how important
that is if the Democrats were attacking
the president for trying to get this
deal it would be a lot harder to get a
deal and you would expect that China
would take advantage of that they would
look at us and say hahaha we can do
anything we want because we're you know
we have a strong leader who can just
make all the decisions but over there
they were fighting about it so the
president isn't going to get everything
he wants it's going to be too
politically difficult for him we're
gonna get a good deal but have you
noticed to their credit the Democrats as
much as they hate this president when it
comes down to you know brass tacks
they got line and when I think out in
line I mean you know they're they
recognize they're part of the team so
it's it's always good to call out that
when when stuff really could you know
when things really throw down when when
the United States is genuinely
challenged militarily economically we're
all in the same team so am I wrong
it has anybody noticed a big pushback by
by the Democrats they're either ignoring
it which is maybe as good as you can get
as as presidential elections are coming
close or their or their positive in
terms of staying tough against China so
if I'm wrong in that fact check me but
it looks to me that the the Democrats
are soft-pedaling whatever differences
they might have with the president on
that issue alone so let's talk about
of other things there's an interesting
thing happening with the climate change
debates
so apparently climate change is is
trading places between number one and
two on the top priority of voters
between health care and climate change
so those are one and two in the
priorities and I think there was a
recent poll that put climate change at
number one so I I saw a bunch of stories
about climate change recent ones so
stories that are just in the past week
or so and they're quite a few of them
and so I clicked on all those stories
because the related stories came up as
suggestions and they wanted to see what
what they're saying about nuclear and so
it was story after story which took the
same you know editorial point of view
which is that climate change is a big
problem and if we don't do something
really really seriously and really
really soon it's gonna be a big problem
and that I was looking through the story
and they were long ones you know these
are not like short blurbs
lengthy stories and looking for them to
mention nuclear power as the only
solution it's not even mentioned they
don't mention it as something that's
considered they don't mention it as
something that's a bad idea they don't
mention it as a good idea
they act as if it doesn't exist now I
think was two days ago I was watching
Fox News show the five best show on
television
in my opinion and Juan Williams plays
the part among the five people as the
voice of the Democrats if he will so he
he's he plays that role and Juan said
that climate change is a big issue I'm
paraphrasing and that the current
administration has no plan to combat
climate change
well Greg Gutfeld says nuclear you know
he talks over him says nuclear
generation for nuclear the
administration is in favor of nuclear
now what did Juan
when Greg answers the question I think I
think maybe Jesse Watters may have said
something maybe David pre no I'm not
sure who was talking but it was like a
little chorus saying nuclear the
administration does have the plan there
they're supporting nuclear that is the
only solution now they didn't use those
words as my words but what did Juan do
when he said they have no plan and then
immediately he was told what the plan
has now I think plan is overstating it
but it is true that nuclear power now
people are telling me that I'm frozen
but last time that didn't seem to be
true so some of you might be trolls all
right Azurill Azurill latest that it's
back okay so it seems to be back so as I
was saying that when Juan Williams
mentioned the administration has no plan
for climate change several others greg
gutfeld notably quickly mentioned yes
nuclear they backed nuclear what was
Juan's response to being proven wrong or
at least shown a counterpoint that is
very important how did Juan respond to
that here's the fun part he acted like
it didn't happen
he acted as though nobody had said words
that nothing was happening he just
paused a little bit and then continued
talking without mentioning it now I just
read a whole bunch of articles on
climate change without even mentioning
nuclear as an option even to eliminate
it and then I watched Juan here-here
nuclear and act like the words weren't
happening like there was nothing
happening just literally like there was
nothing happening
he didn't respond to it he didn't debunk
it he didn't agree with it he act like
there was no there was no noise in the
room like it like a ghost said got his
attention but there's nothing there I
have a theory that this might be another
one of those cognitive blindness
situations where it doesn't matter how
clearly you tell somebody something how
important it is how obvious it is how
big it is that they're just blind to it
right so so watch for that
watch for how anybody talking about
climate change
if you mentioned nuclear watch what kind
of reactions you get now in person you
might get a reaction that's more like oh
I'm afraid of edit it'll melt down and
stuff then you could mention that
generation 3 which is the kind they have
in France I guess we have a few in the
United States I've never had a problem
the old technologies had some notable
problems you know Chernobyl fook
Fukushima etc so old technology has had
problems generation three of which there
are many many plants in production for a
long time but I've never had one they've
never had a major problem in generation
four which is starting to come online
almost can't have a problem it's
designed so that if everything goes
wrong it just cools down on its own
so for those of you want to follow this
March nighter
started a webpage to educate people on
the nuclear option especially for
climate change for the world in general
but it's obviously in the context of
climate change that we we see this stuff
so here's URL is gen for nuclear calm GE
n and then the four is the the letters I
and V so gen IV nuclear calm and he'll
be keeping that updated with stories and
information and blog posts about this
topic
so those of you who want to stay
informed or at least have a place to
send people who don't understand it can
send them to that webpage so I'll
mention that some more times as future
goes on I saw an exciting thing from I
forget which research University it was
only slightly changing the topic here as
somebody has figured out how to
desalinate yet to take the salt out of
seawater to desalinate chemically now if
that does not immediately strike you as
a big deal let me tell you why it's a
big deal all right the only way we can
Desalle abate now is by using a lot of
energy so you've got to you've got to
push water through a membrane which
takes a lot of energy which usually
makes it not economical in a lot of
situations or you're heating the water
to to take the steam and you keep the
steam and you leave what's left which
would be the salt which also takes a
great deal of energy but desalinization
chemically doesn't take much more energy
than pour stuff in shake it up pour
stuff out right now I've just simplified
a several step the several step process
because there's a bunch of you know mix
this with this wait a little while do
this but the point is that it all could
be automated fairly trivially it looks
like so that we might have a
world-changing breakthrough maybe you
know it's always it's always too early
to say that but it looks like I mean
they can actually do it in lab they'll
show you the video look we poured this
is here we did this pour this in here
and here's your clean water so they can
do it at a lab fairly easily with just
you know gloves and beakers and some
chemicals it's actually that easy so if
this is true and if it can be scaled up
it changes water forever you know what
we'll have as much water
we want anywhere we wanted forever I
mean it might even have an impact on
climate change because it seems though
if you could get water economically
anywhere near an ocean
you could probably no reforest deserts
you can do all kinds of stuff and and
the impact of droughts will be far less
so the impact of climate change that's
at least in one in one way it would help
now will we ever run annecy water well
apparently not if climate change keeps
keeps melting the the icebergs we'll
have plenty of water we can we can suck
as much water out of the ocean as we
want and we won't run out for a while
alright that's some good news here's
more good news I saw a tweet that said
some states are apparently not all have
allowed pharmacists to dispense the
opioid antidote called naloxone without
a prescription
alright now no lack zone is a drug you
give to somebody who took too much
fentanyl for example and it looks like
they're gonna overdose if you get
through them while they're still alive
and you give them this naloxone
drug pretty much works every time I
don't know if it's everytime but it's
really really effective for saving
somebody's life it's so effective then
the states where they made it easy to
obtain without a prescription that's the
only change well the only change they
made is that in some states you don't
need a prescription to get this antidote
that change alone led to this opioid
fatal opioid overdose doses felled by an
average of 27 percent in the second year
after that change and after passing law
and and in subsequent years it fell more
to 34 percent less they cut the number
of fatal overdoses by a third with a
piece of paper they
cut the number of fatal overdoses from
opioids by a third with a piece of paper
in other words the law that says okay
you don't need a prescription what are
the other states doing now this is the
perfect example I talk about this all
the time the states are the laboratories
for the country these states tried this
it totally worked as far as we know if
there's something I don't know we would
have to add that into the into the
conversation bonus but it looks like
it's a home run and in honestly
everybody should have a package of that
your home if you have anybody in your
circle who has any risk of opioid
addiction if you think that there's a
you know a friend of your kid you know
if you think there's a relative you
think there's a family friend if you
think there's anybody in your universe
who might you suffer from an opioid
overdose when you're in driving distance
you will have some of that stuff in your
car you want to keep this I mean if you
get enough people who just happened to
have it in their car and I don't know if
it can be stored in a car but let's say
I can let's imagine again maybe you have
to store it in your house because of
temperature differences but if you could
start in your car
imagine that you're anywhere and
somebody has you know goes into overdose
situation and there's somebody with that
drug nearby you could put it on you
could put it on an app so that people
who have just theoretically I'll just
throw around some ideas what if there
are people who don't mind being tracked
but they can only be tracked by an app
that tells you if they've got this this
drug with them and maybe it's anonymous
you don't know the name of the person
who's got it
let's say you can pick up your app and
you can see that there are individuals
and homes and cars they have the drug
and you've got some of your needs it
like right now hit the app there's
somebody three blocks away they stop
what they're doing they they leave the
lunch at the restaurant they drive right
over give
the dragon boom stabilized so there's
probably a lot that can be done with
that drug if it's available widely let's
talk about let's talk about Biden said
that he wants free health care clinics
for illegal immigrants and a lot of
people are saying no can't do that
because it will cause people move here
to get free health care I guess to which
I say I'm not sir that's so different
than the current situation is it isn't
the current situation that anybody goes
into the emergency room you can get care
doesn't matter if they're legal so I
would say that this criticism of Biden
it's fun political criticism but it's
not real because we are a country that
gives health care services to people who
can't pay for it so if you have some way
to do that that's a little different a
distribu
let's talk about the let's talk about
the ban the so-called ban on
conservatives on social media David
Horowitz was I think temporarily banned
or temporarily not banned I guess he was
what do you call it got a little timeout
for something but I think he's back
carpe Noctem meme maker to the president
and probably one of the more famous
conservatives because of his memes you
got a 12-hour suspension like here's the
thing my understanding is that he got
suspended for something that showed
violence showed the president in a in a
humorous way if I can say that shooting
people shooting his critics or something
and I think the argument is that that
looked like it was suggesting violence
or supporting violence even though it
was in a human context and that that
would violate their Terms of Service now
here's the thing can you treat all of
these situations like they're the same
thing
because I don't know that they are right
I don't think that I have a big problem
with if somebody does something that
suggests violence such as James Woods
I think his problem might be that he
didn't delete the tweets is that why
James Woods is still not back on Twitter
because he hasn't deleted it so I think
that's part of the process if you delete
your post then your your suspension
times out and you're good to go
should we treat these minor you know 12
hour suspensions about a specific tweet
that does mention violence even in a
comical way if that's the rule and
they're applying that to both sides I
don't know if that's the biggest problem
in the world so we're being sort of LED
debt into this narrow ravine we're kind
of led into a narrow ravine where we're
being forced to treat all of these
people like it's the same problem it
really isn't
some of them are just the Terms of
Service doing what they say they will do
and it if it doesn't apply to the people
on the left well obviously we all have a
problem but if it does apply or we can
get it to apply or with a little
pressure we can make sure it applies to
both sides know is that the biggest
problem in the world I don't know right
now that's the good news
I'm saving the bad news I just found out
this morning are you aware of probably I
think it's the biggest Trump supporting
area on reddit and it's the the
subreddit is slash are slash the under
space Donald so it's there are a few
fake accounts that are close to that but
the the big one where most of the Trump
supporters on reddit live is slash are
slash the Donald with an underscore
between the hawk and Donald so what
happened in the last 24 hours I have on
good authority and I've seen the
document
they were removed from search engines on
reddit and Google simultaneously did you
hear what I just said
the biggest reddit group for supporting
the president remember reddit is
sometimes called the front door of the
Internet or something I mean reddit is
gigantic reddit just removed from their
search results
the main Donald Trump entity within
Reddit is that a coincidence well it
happened at the same time Google removed
them from their search now what did the
reddit group do well I'm sure there were
individuals within any large group who
were doing bad stuff no question about
it but removing them from the search
engines that's a new level isn't it and
it suggests when you start putting all
of the pieces together you suggests that
just maybe there's coordination involved
want to hear another one recently a few
weeks ago my traffic on Dilbert calm
fell by about a third just suddenly all
the same time boom my traffic which has
been fairly consistent for decades
decades at least two decades my traffic
has been about similar just fell off a
ledge and when we looked into it all of
the change came from LinkedIn LinkedIn
suddenly and we don't know why
stop - sending massive amounts of
traffic to Dilbert calm now
LinkedIn of course is where business
people tend to have their entities sort
of the business social media so you can
imagine that Dilbert calm would be very
popular on LinkedIn and it was now I
don't know why
we can't you know my my partners and I
in this at the at the public publishing
and syndication company their web people
and their people looking at the
analytics we don't know why and I also
don't know that there's any way to find
out
so given that Dilbert calm holds my blog
and my blog post my blog post has all of
the these periscopes on it and my and my
my blog post would we under under the
conditions that we're seeing where
you're seeing people who support the
president being one-by-one picked off in
some of them they start with you saying
to yourself well i can kind of see why
this group or this person might be over
the line but when you start to see how
widespread it is and and and by the way
let me say as clearly as possible now
i'm watching to see if the people who
say no audio are all the same people all
the time because i think that no audio
people might be trolls we're just coming
in to disrupt the periscope because i
think we're entering the the work we're
entering the you know the presidential
election season i guess we're really in
it so you can't really trust anything
you see or hear on social media and you
can't trust anything that happens on
social media if it happens to be bad for
you you can't assume that yeah so let me
find the person who is complaining
dududu you know get rid of that person
alright alright so here's the question
under the current conditions i have to
wonder if linkedin made a decision
because it could maybe algorithmically
maybe it wasn't a human decision hard to
know but maybe it looked at the content
on Dilbert
calm and stop sending traffic did that
happen I don't know so I've started
pasting my comic on LinkedIn which I
hadn't been doing to drive traffic to
the website and I want to see if that
even works and what I'm noticing is very
few people actually see it so I have a
feeling that my visibility might go down
considerably in the next the next year
and a half so watch for that
I don't know exactly what to do about
this because social media is the only
mechanism we have for complaining and if
social media doesn't let you complain
you don't have freedom of speech now let
me tell you who I who I'm most I have
the least respect for this opinion when
people say social media they're private
companies they can decide what to do you
know it's up to that it's private
company it's not it's not freedom of
speech because that's a government issue
private companies can do what they want
as long as it's legal now I ask myself
if the founders of the Constitution
already had social media if social media
existed when the Constitution was being
written do you think they would have
written it the same I mean seriously
do you think that the that the framers
of the Constitution if they already had
social media and they saw that it was
the primary way people communicated do
you think they would have left that out
I think the only reason it's not in the
Constitution is because they didn't have
an internet well you know or let me put
it in
starker terms the Constitution was
written for human beings the original
Constitution was designed by human
beings for human beings since
and we have evolved into cyborgs by
cyborgs I mean every one of you as a
device you have a device that's your
your brain your communication it's so
it's the way you relate to the world
we're not really humans anymore now in
some day thousands of years from now
historians will will make the same
distinction we'll say this is this was
the era in which humans and technology
merged for all practical purposes in a
personal way
like my brain is with me all the time
and and will become more with me as the
technology improves if you know Madison
and Jefferson and the framers the
Constitution if they knew that we would
become cyborgs wouldn't they have
included some you know provisions for
that of course they would so when
somebody says it's just the government
I say yeah that was great what we were
humans in the age of humans the
Constitution was pretty perfect in the
age of cyborgs I think you have to
acknowledge that were cyborgs we
communicate through social media that's
how we do it all right there's not
really a second way to do mass
communications as a human being or as a
a cyborg all right
did you see the bomb with the United
States I guess it's a bomb or a missile
guess it's a missile the United States
has apparently been using a new kind of
missile that they're calling the flying
Jin soo Beom Jin soo play on words or a
reference to those Ginsu knives that are
really sharp so it's a missile that they
can target on an individual automobile
and instead of blowing up which would be
bad for any innocent people who happen
to be nearby as the bomb as the missile
comes down just before a hits it turns
into a bunch of of sharp objects and
just Falls like an animal through the
top of the car and just slice
is whatever is in the car in two fine
bits with no explosion and apparently
we've been using this thing and I think
to myself that might be the scariest
thing I've ever heard in my life
explosions are scary but a flying Ginsu
bomb that kills only the people in the
car and doesn't hurt that literally
doesn't hurt the kid who's standing next
to it that's some scary stuff so we're
gonna see a lot of that so I was making
a temporary list here oh poor child
probably at you of all the things that
Trump
critics say when they've run an
immaterial all right see if these sound
familiar so this is the long list of
things which Trump critics do and say
when they've run out of good material
because the economy is too good we're
with you know things are really good so
but they have to say something so these
are from CNN mostly it's a dire
situation it doesn't matter what the
topic is it's a dire situation so you
say that without details what about
these trade talks with China it's dire
what about North Korea it's a dire
situation what about the president
putting executive privilege over the
Muller stuff it's a dire situation the
other thing they do is they complain
that he didn't say things the way they
they would have sent it he didn't say it
the way I would have said it and
therefore he must be a Nazi or something
they also do he didn't say it soon
enough and he didn't say it the right
way we know what he meant we know what
he was saying but he didn't say it the
way I would have said it that's it that
that's your best that's your best attack
he didn't say something the way you
would have said it how about the what
eff have you seen this one people
literally imagining stories in the
future in which things went poorly
because the president did something that
he would never do so you'll see the
pundits sit around saying sure there's
no problems now but what if the
president
decides to become a dictator and kills
us all and I think what if you could
what if anything what that's not a
complaint and so what if it's literally
making up imaginary problems that are
almost impossible in terms of likelihood
then of course their reading is mind
they'll tell you what he's thinking what
he's worrying about what his priorities
are none of it's an evidence just mind
reading they'll talk about the
constitutional crisis despite any any
evidence of that there's no evidence of
it we're so far from a constitutional
crisis it's laughable but if you just
throw it out there it's like yeah we're
getting close to a you know
constitutional crisis and you can
actually combine these things so you can
combine the mind-reading with what if
with the generic generic terms that
don't have any detail you'll say huh I
think the president is think he wants to
be a dictator what if he gets away with
whatever he's trying today then you've
got a constitutional crisis so you had
the mind-reading to the imaginary what
if to the generic bad sounding thing
that doesn't have any reasons
constitutional crisis I also heard that
he has unsteady hands so in this these
negotiations
the president has unsteady hands what
what's that mean doesn't mean anything
he's got unsteady hands and in
negotiation it it sounds like it means
something but doesn't actually mean
anything
there's no reason there they like to say
that he wasn't joking when he was joking
for example it happened again last night
in his speech somebody talked about
somebody in the audience yelled about
shooting immigrants and he just shook
his head and smiled because there was a
big big crowd he knew that the person
saying it didn't literally mean it you
know and and he made a joke about it
only makes sense in the Panhandle where
he was and of course his critics say Oh
I think he meant that I think he was
okay with shooting people because they
don't have a sense of humor here's one
he disdains the principles and pillars
of the American government does he does
he disdain the principles and pillars of
the American government
I don't think so indeed that is
mind-reading and if he asked the
president hey mr. president and he put
that you know let's say you put a truth
serum in him so he couldn't lie you say
what do you think of the Constitution
which of course is the principles and
the pillars of the the country I think
he'd be okay with the Constitution I
think he'd be okay with being good to
people I think the president would be
okay with capitalism I think he'd be
good with all of the pillars and
principles of the American government
but if you're talking about him
personally he's gonna push he's gonna
push things as much as he can he's gonna
push the envelope but I'm pretty sure he
doesn't disdain the principles and
pillars of the American government they
like to call this hyperbole like as if
the lies that they tell on the Left are
equivalent to the 10,000 alleged lies
that the president installed 25 percent
of which were probably made up when the
president departs from let's say
technical accuracy he does it in a sales
way in other words he's trying to sell
the country something that's good for
the country when the president lies as
they would say he and his supporters
would call it hyperbole or they say is
not like that some of it is actually
right when he does that whatever you
want to call it he's selling something
that is unambiguously good for the
country he's selling the economy so
people trust it and they invest and he
goes up he's selling our success against
our enemies he's so that the enemies
will feel more defeated it always has an
obvious beneficial outcome for the
people he's talking to so he's selling
people something they want
you can call it a lie but I don't think
you don't want it because he's selling
you things you want now when when the
Democrats lie about him as they do with
the fine people hoax which kumla Harris
once again lied to the public and said
that the president of United States
called the neo-nazis fine people which
is the opposite of what he said and it's
well well proven well documented
PolitiFact Wikipedia Wall Street Journal
they've all confirmed what I just said
but is that a beneficial lie because
that light tears the country apart that
lie puts that us at each other's necks
that lie makes us less stable as a
country because we're at each other
instead of you know being against common
enemies so I don't think you can compare
the way the president uses hyperbole
with how the Democrats make up lies that
could destroy the whole freaking country
the Russia collusion lie could have
ripped a part of the entire country and
has certainly made it less easy for the
president operate so you can't compare
sales hyperbole of things that people
want to buy with doing things that could
rip apart the entire country and destroy
the planet those are not similar not
even close
all right here's what else they say they
say that Trump is on the wrong side of
history or his supporters are on the
wrong side of history what's that mean
well it's one of those things you say
when you don't have good reasons well
how many reasons but I think you're on
the wrong side of history because it's
sort of a general bad thing they say as
a refusal to comply with long traditions
that's why he was elected he was elected
because he has a refusal to comply with
long traditions there's nothing that
people like his supporters in
there's nothing they like more about
this president than his failure to
comply with long traditions I want more
of that no less of it
I heard that our forefathers are turning
in their graves because of whatever are
the presidents doing really are the
forefathers turning in their graves
what's the problem
why don't you mention the problem
instead of just saying they're turning
in their graves about he's trying to be
a dictator despite all evidence to the
contrary my favorite is I think Michael
Cohen really has something this time
that might be my favorite of all things
they say about the president I think
this time Michael Cohen has some good
stuff this time of course we talked
about the differences in words was there
spying where was it just investigating
where is he exonerated or is there just
insufficient evidence for a crime and
then they also that American democracy
is on the brink is it is American
democracy on the brink it is but it's
not because of this conversation
American democracy it looks like the
second coup is underway now I'm not
going to say for sure yet but when you
look at the evidence about what happened
to Reddit you look at the the bands you
look at what happened to my traffic
which may or may not be related to
political reasons I don't know yeah it
could be just something innocent but if
you look at the totality of things that
are starting to shape up
it looks like social media working with
the Democrats have decided to win the
election through social media by
controlling the message I don't think
that's an overstatement it looks like
that's how it's shaping up that the
social media platforms I'm now saying
all of them but it looks like at least
some of them are shaping up to control
the
election now I think the thing that the
Democrats did not count on last time is
what I call Moneyball well I didn't make
up that turn so Michael Lewis's book
Moneyball talked about Billy Beane the
coach of the A's way back when he would
use statistics and data to get the most
out of players that other teams had
overlooked so there were players who
were not flashy big number of players
but if you look closely at their stats
they seem to be consistently good at
winning baseball games so bill so Billy
Beane found a way to take all these
misfit players that were not stars they
you know but their statistics were
really good and then he could win that
way at a low cost Trump used a similar
strategy which I don't know how
intentional it was or it just evolved
that way in which a lot of the Trump
supporters are what I would call the the
island of misfit toys if you take me for
example
what category do I fit into none right I
mean I'm literally left to Bernie but
I'm supporter of the president in terms
of his effectiveness and now that he's
been president
he's unambiguously the best president
we've ever had in my opinion it's
unambiguous you know if he left office
tomorrow
it would still be the best presidency of
all time so where I'm going with this
is that social media allowed people like
me people like Mike certain people
like Infowars and the three of us don't
have that much in common you know we're
all we're all very different people have
different missions different
philosophies different everything but
the only thing we have in common is
we're pretty pretty good on social media
we're pretty pretty pretty good on
social media world we're all we're all
misfits crazy we've got our flaw
you know you you you wouldn't
necessarily want to hang around with all
of us you know it's a it's a strange
group of people who had this one common
element that were unusually good on
social media just carpe Duncan perfect
example who was he you know he's a guy
in the Midwest in his pajamas making
memes but he is really really good at it
you know he's not the guy you're gonna
see as the pundit on fox or CNN but when
you put it in front of a computer he is
really really good at it so I haven't I
don't see the same thing on the left
maybe I'm not looking in the right
places
yeah I'm channeling Larry David
intention he Larry David says he's
really really he's got a saying this
sounds like that
so this advantage that the president
either evolved to or knew about in which
he could weaponize all kinds of misfits
and I say this would love right because
I'm calling myself a misfit the
deplorable if you will he could
weaponize all these people who if he
looked at us quickly you would assume
that we were completely inert you know
if he looked at any one of the people
who became major forces in the election
on social media it didn't look like that
a year before the election you know or
maybe two years this is kind of
surprised people so it seems to me that
the Democrats have determined that they
need to control social media and control
the message that's that's the that's a
little bit of signals that we're
starting to see and I would expect if
this is true and again I'm gonna stop
I'm going to stop short of saying it's
true it could be nothing but the social
media companies playing with their
algorithms and it's catching more people
on the right from the left at the moment
maybe it just gets adjusted you know so
you could you could tell a story in
which there's nothing nefarious going on
here
you could imagine a story where you say
ok but you know James would did say
something that people could have
construed as violent and carpe dunked
him did do something that if you didn't
know it was a joke you can imagine some
people would construe it as violence if
that's all that's going on there's no
problem but it doesn't look like it
however I will give you this caution
confirmation bias and reality are
indistinguishable the best way you can
tell the difference between confirmation
bias and reality is to see if your
theory of the world is predictive if you
see me get completely shut down on
social media
it's very predictive right shutting me
down should be somewhere and their top
hundred things that they would want to
do is they want to win the white house
now so I would look over the next next
year my prediction is that if this is
nothing but confirmation bias that I
that my social media presence will be
completely unmolested because it's very
unlikely that I'm going to say something
violent it's very unlikely I would even
make a joke about violence because I
don't like those jokes and I actually
think that they do present a worsening
of the conversation so my preference is
I would never across the Terms of
Service for any of these platforms
because I don't want to there's nothing
on the other side of the Terms of
Service that is appealing to me there's
no you know I'm not going to do it for
fun I'm not going to do it for kicks I'm
not even going to do it for effect
somebody's saying Chinese fentanyl
executions yeah if you're asking for
executions of terrorists I think you're
still safe on social media so if
somebody said hey we should go drop some
bombs on the Taliban just wipe down a
platoon of Marines or something I think
you're still safe you know you're
talking about national security
about people who are literally military
enemies in a in an armed conflict you're
pretty safe with that likewise the
fentanyl dealers in China
they are terrorists and you know you you
can't treat them the same as saying you
know suggesting that you should shoot
immigrants or something with that that
that would be clearly a different
standard calling the white men
terrorists is still fair game where you
say well I I disavowed that conversation
Trump lied and said chairman Kim knew
nothing about auto well I don't know
where that comes from but let me put
that in context for you when President
Trump says that he believes Putin or
that he believes Kim jong-un or that he
believes President Xi that's not to be
taken literally if you're taking it
literally I don't know how to help you
it's obvious to me that the president's
strategy and it seems very clear he said
he said it in in pretty clear language
his strategy is to treat the leaders
with respect so that when he negotiates
with him he could go as hard as as hard
as we need to and it doesn't become
personal the president has
depersonalized our negotiations which is
probably the most important thing he's
ever done in the world so that thing
that you're criticizing him for might be
and I think historians will look at it
this way one of the greatest innovations
in diplomacy probably the most effective
thing that's ever been done
diplomatically absolutely essential you
know it goes so far as to say that if a
future leader doesn't do what he's doing
which is give their leader the benefit
of a doubt because that gives their
leader flexibility
if you insult the leader he's got to act
on the insult they don't have an option
if you're a dictator and the President
of the United States treats you
disrespectfully you can't go make a deal
with them it's not an option if we want
to deal with these people and that's
what we hired the President to do we
want him to lay in a little BS whenever
it's going to be useful for the United
States yes if President Trump standing
with Putin and say things that every
person in the audience believed was not
true if that got him a little bit of you
know respect mutually with Putin is
calling that a mistake when we're
negotiating hard we're sanctioning you
know Russia at the same time you
wouldn't it's like you don't understand
anything about human nature if you think
those are mistakes so if he had done it
with one leader once you could say my
god I can't tell if that's a mistake or
a strategy you wouldn't really know but
you've seen it now with XI you've seen
it with you've seen it with all the
leaders he has treated all of the
leaders with a respect that is contrary
to the the facts that we think we know
it's intentional it's effective you
wouldn't want him to go the other way
because that would be the minute the
president insulted any of those leaders
Putin Cheney or Kim now of course he
started out that way with Kim but that
was sort of pacing in locker room banter
that actually got us to a better place
if you saw him disrespecting those
leaders even if they deserve it that
would be a serious serious risk and not
one that this president is dumb enough
to make he's smart enough to play it
right and he's the smartest person in
this realm that we've ever seen be
president by far there's nobody who
comes close to him for this stuff you
can criticize him for other stuff but
when it comes to dealing with the
leaders of our let's say our adversarial
countries on campus
he's the best nobody's ever been this
good as he s as dealing with those
personalities all right to to to just
looking at your comments here
he only disrespects his own countrymen I
don't know what reality you're looking
at but I'm looking at a president who
won't criticize Americans unless he's
kind of really really good reason he's
he's not that willing to criticize
people or lessen his critics and then of
course he goes out mark your plan to
combat big tech big tech meaning the
social media platforms at the moment
it's sort of a wait-and-see to see if
the prediction that the the shadow
banding and the search engine changes
and everything on conservatives is real
or imagined and I think we're still in
the this is really suspicious let's
let's monitor this so I'm gonna be
cautious on this because you don't want
to get this wrong but I would at least
suggest to you and I just want to put
this out there that that if the
platform's have this plan to hurt the
the people on the right by carving off
the people who are the most provocative
depending where they stop the pruning
they could end up hurting themselves do
you see that is it obvious to you that
the social media companies if they look
at all the people that they say are on
the right and they picked the worst five
or I don't know let's say worse five
percent and they ban them from all the
social platforms will that be good for
the Democrats or bad think about it
what's the biggest problem Trump has
vocal supporters who are too radical and
then the Democrats say hey look
this guy's supporting the president he's
terrible if he supports the president
and president doesn't disavow him
president must be terrible - you have to
at least be open to the possibility that
if the neo-nazis for example get kicked
off of social media people suggesting
violence people who are just making up
stupid rumors that that even the people
on the right don't believe if those are
the only people who get kicked off of
social media your brand the people on
the right who are not kicked off it will
improve your brand improves every time
some of you really needs to get kicked
off gets kicked off now your brand
doesn't improve when carpi Duncan gets
you know gets a temporary suspension but
it also doesn't change the world in any
real way it gets him some attention we
get to talk about him he'll probably
pick up you pick up users when he comes
back no real effect and yet and David
Horowitz I would say is in the category
of that would be too far of a reach
Laura Loomer is a special case there's
nobody quite like her I wouldn't I don't
want to compare her to anybody else so
that's a different situation all right
nobody should ever be censored well I
disagree I disagree I think that in the
on if you're if you have a commercial
product it would be completely ruined by
Nazis if you let it if you like Twitter
if you like Facebook if you like
Instagram those would all be just ruined
by bad people
if those platforms didn't put some
control on it
so so I would say that there has to be
some control but if they go too far I
don't know exactly what you could do
because you can't really quit the
platforms that doesn't hurt anybody
except you so I don't know anyway that's
all I got for today I will talk to you
later