check the stock
market stock market's taking a little
step
backwards but let's get our comments up
here on the screen and then we'll have
the show you've been waiting for the
show you
deserve because you've been so good this
week all right comments on point
it's a little chilly today so I got
my comfort blanket
on good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and I'm
pretty sure you've never had a better
time but if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need for that is a
CER muger glass of tanker chel dinina
canteen Jugger flask a vessel of any
kind fill her with your favorite liquid
I like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine T of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and you're lucky enough to have it now
go so good you know I've been meant to
meaning to mention this I keep
forgetting Mike
Johnson has the best Command Voice
you're ever going to hear and what you
should listen to is not just that he's
got a you know nice sounding voice but
that when he's talking with any
Authority he always goes down on the end
of the sentence because if you go up at
the end of your sentence if you go up at
the end of your sentence you sound like
a valley girl but also you sound like
you're not so sure we should start a war
and put all of our money into it that
just sounds like you have no confidence
but Mike Johnson when he talks he's he's
got the the voice thing down he always
ends lower than he starts we're going to
settle the
budget we're going to get it done by
Tuesday we're going to make sure that
the country is
free that is a really really good
persuasion just ending lower it's all
you have to
do well egg prices are up 15% and
inflation hit 3% this month that's
probably what's bug in the stock
market you know I never thought that
eggs would be like a luxury good but I
was in the grocery store the other day
and I saw I was going to get some
eggs and there was there was so much
activity in the egg section like people
were talking and it looked like there
was going to be a fight there were
plenty of eggs but like it looked like
there was a whole thing happening and I
just looked at it and said nope I'm not
going to be in the middle of whatever
that is cuz it looks like the eggs are
going to start flying so I didn't get
any eggs but I'm going to save up some
money and maybe get some eggs sometime
well as you know prisoner Mark Fogo was
released from Russia thanks to the good
work of the Trump Administration and
their their uh
emissaries um now the big question
is uh why was that so
easy what what did Trump offer in return
now I don't know the answer to the
question and I don't know if he offered
anything in return but let me tell you
what I think happened so this is pure
speculation and the only thing I'm using
as my uh let's say reasoning is that the
best Persuader would do it this way
right so if you assume the TR the Trump
is really good at the negotiating thing
this is how he should have done it and
he should do the same thing with the
Hamas hostages and it goes like
this hostages are not a negotiating
Point hostages are not a negotiating
point you return them or nothing good
will ever happen to you again it's the
opening ticket to have a conversation
it's not part of the negotiation it's
how you get a ticket to the negotiation
you never ever ever ever ever ever
negotiate
for a
hostage now we always do it right we're
always trading this for that and you
know if you have a if you have a
straightup trade well some negotiation
might make sense but if if a country is
just holding
somebody and they're just doing it to be
dicks to get a little leverage on you
that's when you tell them you have no
idea what's going to come down on you if
you don't release them this is first
priority top priority you do not hold an
American period if you hold an American
every weight that we can put at you is
going to come for that one person just
for the one person now that's the only
way to approach this so but there's also
a nice way to say it so here's what I
imagine Trump
did hey uh Putin now this could be
through intermediaries not not
necessarily a direct conversation but
hey Putin I've been saying some good
things about you
I've been telling people that we could
work with you to end the war you want to
end the war we want to end the war but
we're not even going to have a
conversation with you unless this guy
comes home so if you want me to let you
any of these but if you want me
basically to say that you did a good job
negotiating that uh we got a good deal
that things are working out the in some
kind of a respectful way the only way
you're going to do it is return this guy
right now
we were not even going to have a
conversation about Ukraine and you could
just keep losing people and losing your
treasure we're going to give them you
know long-term
missiles and you just got to fix this
and you got to do it right
away now the the carrot in that case
would be to stay on good terms with
Trump when everybody needs to be on good
terms with them and not take the risk
that this one this one prisoner is going
to derail
everything so if Trump does what he
usually does he injected some real risk
that puon said I don't know what the you
know I don't know what the blowback is
going to
be but since excuse me but since we do
have a chance to end this war thing and
in a way that maybe he'd be at least a
little bit happy um he's not going to
blow it over one hostage so I think and
I don't know I think Trump got him with
nothing in return
which is the way it should have been
that's exactly how it should have been
but we'll see it could be that there was
something
traded but uh the country felt pretty
good about it and it made us once again
remember that whatever Biden was
doing was incompetent or evil or
corrupt because it it feels almost a
little too easy to do the things that
didn't look possible under under Biden
we'll see according to Steve Watson
writing for
modernity uh mental health experts are
seeing a big increase in
Democrat um clients so a lot of
Democrats with mental health problems
because the Despair and burnout that
they're experiencing over the Trump
first 100 days or so or whatever it's
been so far and uh axio has an article
talking about that how people are
feeling burned out because they can't
keep up with the rapid fire policies of
trump now to be
fair I also feel that the the pure
weight of all the changes um even though
I like them so even though I'm positive
about the changes it is
overwhelming and if you're uh I guess I
could call it my job in a sense is to
look at the news every day it's really
work oh my God
you know I I love doing the podcast it's
one of my favorite things so it it never
feels like work but it does
now I I feel like I'm on the Doge
project because I'm like oh my god I've
got to read all the background of this
NGO and how it fits into the larger
architecture of you know everything and
how everything's connected and who all
the players are and then there'll be
like seven more of those stories every
day every day so yeah it's it's pretty
exhausting and I I definitely feel it on
my own mental health even though I like
everything about it it is just so
overwhelming so yeah if you a Democrat
you're probably having some tough times
right
now well you probably saw the video
about uh Trump was in the Oval Office
and he was talking to the press and uh
musk was there with little X his his
young son and Little X was stealing the
show by you know being like uh little uh
John John Kennedy and hanging around the
Resolute desk and you know just
basically stealing the
show um
but my take on it was wow this is great
it's very uh transparent um you're
seeing the the two of them so that you
know you can answer pretty much all
questions between the two of them uh
they were very open musk um did most of
the talking I guess uh because doge is
the big thing at the moment so makes
sense and uh I thought it was you know
all good nothing negative so what do you
think uh MSNBC thought about
it now that you know MSNBC and CNN are
not real news it's not just that they're
fake news they're just part of the
resistance basically um and their their
propaganda networks when it comes to
political
stuff um how do how do they frame it all
right msnb Morning
Joe um wants you to know that we're in a
constitutional crisis and there's a lot
of chaos there's a chaotic flow of
activity and that Trump doesn't care
what the Constitution
says but their own legal analyst said no
it's not a constitutional
crisis it's working exactly within the
bounds of the Constitution I'm
paraphrasing but basically um you can
you can do some stuff and then if
somebody doesn't like it they can go to
court which they did and then uh Trump
was asked you know what he's going to do
about all these judges that keep ruling
he can't do this and can't do that I
think there are several rulings like
that now and he said uh I always I
always obey the
court so yes of course whatever the
court says goes now nobody was expecting
that at least the bad guys weren't but
um yes there blaming him for a
constitutional crisis and he says we
always obey the courts and I was trying
to think is there any time in the past
he didn't obey a court I couldn't think
of one so I thought yeah that's that's
exactly the right frame I always obey
the court because that really just
eliminates the whole you're a dictator
constitutional crisis oh if the court is
involved we'll listen to them separate
form of government yeah now at the same
time time it's completely legal to
impeach a
judge so that's on the table but I don't
think there's any way we could impeach a
judge I think you need two-thirds of one
of the houses or both or something and
uh we never get there so I don't think
there's any practical way but apparently
uh that's what El Salvador had to do so
the miracle in El Salvador was being
completely blocked by several of their
judges at the highest court
so they impeached
them now I don't know too much about the
government of El Salvador but how do
they have enough power to impeach judges
like multiple
judges I don't know I don't know there
there's probably more to that story but
they got away with it and then when
those judges were gone um they rolled up
all the bad guys put them in jail and
now the country is looking pretty pretty
strong so it could be a thing in other
countries I don't think it's going to
happen here
so MSNBC is going for the Constitutional
crisis and uh chaos there's chaos
Lawrence O'Donnell says that Elon Musk
quote humiliated Trump in the Oval
Office see they're they're going for the
oh let's drive a wedge between them
because they think that Trump is a
narcissist and that uh if they can just
get him thinking he's not the
star then you know suddenly they can
they can you know cleave them
part but I think they have a complete
misunderstanding of who Trump
is Trump likes not likes loves the
highest functioning people the best
athletes the smartest people the most
capable best entrepreneurs he loves
Excellence he's all about it and if that
Excellence acres to the legacy of his
office and my God this would can you
imagine
if if if musk pulls off balancing our
budget which looks like it's at least
Within
Reach uh Trump will forever be the best
president of the United States so do you
think he's going to get rid of trump uh
get rid of musk because MSNBC a
propaganda Network said that oh he's
stealing your Limelight he's taking all
your attention no I think Trump is
playing the long game and he knows that
if musk
succeeds that in 100 years we might not
remember musk's contribution but you'll
definitely know that Trump was the best
president we ever had if he pulls that
off um so they're going for that the is
you humiliated of course Joy Reed on
MSNBC she's like uh oh Elon Musk is the
co-president of the United States uh the
push back is not sitting well with the
co-president who held Court blah blah
blah blah it's all so stupid that it's
barely worth repeating you know it it
was so annoying when I thought MSNBC was
at least trying to be honest or trying
to give the news once you realize that
they're not trying it's just funny so I
just mock
them well one of the things that came
out of that uh Oval Office pressor I
guess it was a pressor of some kind um
was the claim that usaid had allocated
$50 million for condoms for
Gaza meaning Hamas basically uh that
turned out not to be true and so one of
the reporters asked musk about that and
corrected him in the question apparently
there is a $50 million budget for
Condoms but it's for a place in mosm
Beek which I think is also called Gaza
so there was some confusion about which
Gaza was County in mosm Beek or uh the
the Gaza that we always talk
about and musk's reply was that uh he
won't he won't get everything
right and so it's good that they bring
it up and then he'll quickly
correct oh my
god when does a politician ever say that
get get challenged during an open public
thing and say well I won't get
everything
right now he did complete his point
which is 50 million for a condom seems
like a lot no matter where they're going
and doesn't sound like something we want
to pay for so his his point stood it
just wasn't as you know clean and
politically you know damaging as if it
had been Gaza the the other Gaza um but
still it looks like something that the
public is not going to support but
that's like a breath of fresh
air and U one of the things
that I think musk is doing has more
value than the cuts so let's say the
musk Cuts I don't know one to two
trillion do out of the budget that's
going to look like the biggest thing
anybody ever did anywhere $2 trillion do
per year that's per year it would save
the country it would put us back in a
good track it would be the big thing
that happened in my
lifetime um but there's something he's
doing at the same time that's a little
bit invisible that's bigger than that
it's bigger than $2 trillion do a year
and that is he's teaching us how to do
it he's showing us systems versus goals
he's showing us how to move fast and
break things he's showing us how to get
the best people and you know settle for
second best and the best people people
can do things that the second best
people just can't ever do the second
best people aren't just slower at
getting things done than the best people
they they can't do it you need the
smartest people in the world sometimes
and this is one of those cases so
watching him just attack it and then be
a a fast adjustment be able to quickly
say that didn't work change it that
didn't work change it that didn't work
change it oh I got that thing wrong
about the condoms good keep me honest
make sure you keep
factchecking that's worth more than $2
trillion doll a year because if he can
teach
that let's say everything about the the
boldness of it to the method he's using
we're going to be studying his methods
forever and one of the methods of course
is moving fast and overwhelming the the
resistance the resistance being the
bureaucracy so if we learn
what he's doing which is different from
maybe what a lot of other people would
do in the same situation but of course
he's got a longer track record of making
this kind of stuff work if he makes this
work the United States will have a new
DNA he's reprogramming our DNA as a
country because we're all learning this
we're all learning that The Impossible
Is
Possible can't go to the moon or can't
go to Mars yes we can can't build
electric car sure we can can't put a
device on your head that reads your mind
well maybe we can can't cut the budget
get out of the way see what happens so
number one he's teaching us that you can
do the impossible but you're going to
have to stay up all night you're going
to have the best team and you're going
to have to balls the wall 100%
commitment lots of good partners you can
get it done these are deep deep de
learnings that will become part of our
personalities without doing anything
about it we're just watching but he's
training us what works and what doesn't
in these big big big big situations that
if we learn that that's worth more than
$2 trillion a year it will put us in a
winning
position for a generation at least until
somebody forgets
it well there's also doge is also
looking into the federal employees who
seem to have suspiciously High net
worths especially if that happened while
they were working for their not so
profitable jobs in the government now
the example that people are using I feel
like it might be unfair because it's
focusing on one person in particular and
there could be an
explanation but it is sort of an
organizing thing to have somebody
specific to talk about with specific
numbers so Samantha power I guess she
was head of us Aid and she was uh
allegedly she was a head until she got
fired recently and uh I guess her net
worth went from $6 million to $30
million even though she was paid
$250,000 a year and people say h that's
not much time has passed to make all
those millions of dollars so how'd you
do that well before we decide that she's
committed some crime because she made a
lot of money we should at least consider
there are possible ways you can do that
number one what if she inherited did
anybody ask if her father was rich and
died nobody asked that right she could
have inherited well how would we know um
perhaps she knew somebody working at uh
I don't know let's say
Nvidia and at some point somebody said
to her I got to tell you this Nvidia
stuff is amazing you should get in on
this last year well what if she had said
you know I've got $6 million and there's
never going to be anything like this
Nvidia again so I'll put a million
dollars on
Nvidia does that give you $24 million
pretty quickly might it might if you
pick the right thing what if she got
married and her husband was rich would
that show up would we would we we have
noticed that now I'm not saying she did
I have no information about it
whatsoever but if you think that the
only way she could have made that money
that quickly is
corruption let me just you know
brainstorm a little bit innocent to
proven guilty right Samantha Powers is
innocent to proven guilty and I have no
evidence no evidence that she committed
a crime it's just there's a little bit
of a flag there and maybe if somebody
looks into it they'll say oh you
inherited you inherited an estate cool
that's the end of the that's the end of
the question but there will be other
people that I think will be a little
more
suspicious and probably all of them have
to be looked into so uh I don't like
targeting a person and then looking for
a crime and I don't love the fact that
if somebody has a lot of money that's
automatically
suspicious there are people who make a
lot of money quickly in ways that are
legal it does
happen um so we'll
see uh Elon Musk today and X talking
about the size of the potential fraud in
the government he said this he said at
this point now keep in mind he's looked
into things you know not comprehensively
but he's seen quite a bit so far he says
at this point I'm 100% certain that the
magnitude of the fraud in federal
entitlements Social Security Medicare
and Medicaid welfare disability Etc
exceeds the combined sum of every
private scam you've ever heard by
far now because they're such you know
big entities it wouldn't take much for
it to be the biggest scandal in American
history and I wouldn't be surprised I
wouldn't be surprised if it's bigger a
bigger scam and Scandal than anything
we've ever seen you know I'll say again
uh I've for years I've wondered why
there are so many rich
people right I know how I made my money
and everybody else does too it's like oh
you're the dilber guy yeah that that
worked out for you and if somebody is
like the CEO of a company I go oh okay
you know startup entrepreneur oh okay
and some people inherit right so there
lots of ways people make money but I
feel like there are too many rich people
as
in some of that's got to be crime if you
took the entire universe of rich people
who just have nice houses on the hill
when you drive by and you go wow there a
lot of people with big houses up there
I'll bet you I'm just going to I'm going
to tell you with no there's no backing
to this opinion I'll bet 25% of our rich
people are
Crooks how bet
25% how bet some of them are working
with cartels some of them are drug
dealers some of them stole from our
government in clever ways some of them
are on the take I'll bet 25% of our rich
people are just criminals that's just a
guess
um so yeah GOP representative El like
crane is putting some impeachment
articles together for the judges
who are trying to uh stop the Doge
project in various ways I don't think
he's going to have any success like he
said I think he needs two-thirds and
there's no way you get two-thirds in
this
environment
um there's a new new uh executive order
for
Doge and it puts the Office of
Management and budgets om um puts them
in charge of coming up with a plan to
make the federal Works work force
smaller now here's what I like about
this I think it's a bad look if doge is
the one who's doing all the
cutting if the Office of Management and
budgets reporting to the president
decides hey okay here's our here's our
plan for downsizing and then doge is
both um contributing to the plan telling
them what to downsize and what the plan
should look like maybe but the OM has
the final
decision that looks like a good model to
me because then you don't have the uh
Doge as like a second president now
you've got a president who's in charge
of the OM and the OM just says some
guidelines for Doge perfect yeah as long
as the head of the OM is a solid you
know a solid person that's going to work
so I like that but there's more to it
this new executive order is fairly
massive uh in its impact
potentially so there's a rule in it that
says uh any of the agencies in the
government they want to add an employee
can only do it if they get rid of four
so you're really really going to need
that new employee because it's going to
cost you four existing employees now
Trump did that same kind of model with
regulation
and apparently worked so we know
something like that could work we'll see
um let's see uh and then the Doge team
will have embedded team leaders to do
continued oversight over agencies you
know during the downsizing and
presumably
after uh so I like that because they
would they basically be like Auditors
but there may be a some point they may
need to be more official meaning that at
the moment uh reporting to musk is
exactly the right answer but at some
point if you know everything succeeds
musk is going to want to pull himself
out of the
day-to-day and maybe at that point they
report to the
OM you know just report to the OM and
then it looks like an official structure
because it would be and that would maybe
make people more comfortable with it uh
apparently the new hires also have to be
according to the executive order
approved by some of the Doge team
leads um I'm not sure why we need that
because if the head of the OM well I
guess it's because there'll still be a
lot of Democrats in these agencies they
might try to you know pull in a trump
haer or somebody dangerous so yeah I
guess that makes sense you got to make
sure they don't hire some people who are
not good for the
country
and anyway so that's a really big deal
but I like the framing of it putting the
OM in the
mixar according to the hill the FEMA
employee who famously told some of the
female people to uh not knock on the
doors and try to help people with Trump
signs so apparently that person violated
the Hatch Act
so I guess the Hatch Act is when you're
doing political stuff that you shouldn't
be doing political stuff they should be
just doing disaster stuff now there's
no um I don't know if there's a Smoking
Gun in terms of somebody was injured by
this policy but at the base of it the
person who was involved seems to have
argued that safety was the reason behind
it so I guess there's no question about
what happened yes people were informed
you know you know don't uh don't
necessarily uh knock on the door of a
trump supporter with a trump sign
but um why was it that they ever thought
a trump supporter would be dangerous if
FEA knocked on the door to try to help
them in what
world do you think it's dangerous to
knock on the door of a trump
supporter does anybody live in that
world that's like a reality I don't
understand
if you told me the only thing that you
know about the house is that it's a
Democrat or
Republican would one of those be scarier
than the
other well if it's an upscale house I
wouldn't yeah I wouldn't care upscale
house nobody's going to be opening fire
when you knock on the door but let's say
it's a low-income
house would you be more afraid of a
low-income Democrat or a low-income
Republican in the context of a disaster
in which everybody needs help and FEMA
is helping
everybody in what world does a trump
supporter go nuts in that case even if
they didn't like what FEMA was doing you
think they're going to pull a gun on in
what world that that's so this is
basically the fake news just ruined FEMA
because they believed some kind of weird
you know I don't know maybe that Trump
supporters are part of the secret
resistance of wh supremacist hiding in
the mountains or something crazy stuff
crazy well I saw a post today by Mike
cich that spoke to
me so I want to read his post it it
definitely is feels like a sign of the
times kind of indicator and then I want
to tell you what I what I reposted in
the same vein or at least I hope it's in
the same vein so Mike cernovich posted
on X I think it was this morning or last
night he said I don't want to speak
carelessly or with bravado but I'm not
going back I will not submit ever or in
anyway to what we lived under four years
ago a hostile occupa regime I just
won't now that was exactly what I was
feeling so this this is what stf does he
finds the exact emotional lever and he
found mine so here's what I added to it
because this is what I've been think
about a lot in the last 24 hours even
before I saw Mike's post I said
yesterday I was remembering how innocent
we were in 2016 or at least I was we uh
we just preferred Trump no big deal then
came the shaming the cancelling the
physical threats the intimidation the
social stigmas the economic attacks the
fake news the corruption and eventually
the revelation of the entire corrupt
architecture of the country
now we're smarter and not so innocent
we're tougher we're mad and we have
reinforcements that are more powerful
than anything we' have ever
seen we're not just supporters with a
preference this time now it's ride or
die we will protect the Constitution we
will write the ship decisions have been
made decisions have been
made we're not going to lose this
all right we're going to protect the
country we're going to protect the
public we're going to protect the
Constitution and we're going to make
America great again and nothing is going
to stop
it
nothing speaking of things trying to
stop things um you remember
newsguard so newsguard was this
non-government organization that was
going to help all the various countries
uh get rid of their
misinformation and of course it wasn't
really a misinformation thing it was a
political censoring vehicle pretending
to help you with
misinformation
um so here's what happened apparently
they had on their website newsguard did
that Microsoft was one of the companies
that they were helping with
misinformation Microsoft disavowed
them in response so I guess Ted Cruz uh
Senator Cruz wrote to Microsoft and said
is this real or are you really backing
News Guard now that we know that it's a
just a completely illegitimate corrupt
organization pretending to be about
misinformation but really just being
part of the uni party crushing the
opposition and
Microsoft instead of what you might have
imagined during the Biden Administration
but we don't
know they just said
you better take us off your website
because we're not funding you and we're
not working with you basically I'm
paraphrasing but Microsoft just said
nope nope thank you Senator Cruz for
bringing this to our attention nope News
Guard don't associate with
us now would that have happened under
Biden or do you think there's an
Awakening that has reached basically
everybody in power at this point I feel
like there's an Awakening
so did you know um let's
see so how bad is News Guard let me give
you some meat on the bones if you want
to know how bad they are um newsguard
claims that some Outlets
are uh
misinformation and some are not so
here's the ones they call
misinformation and then the ones they
say are not they said misinformation was
the Federalist the daily wire and
Newsmax they're they're called quote
unreliable well these are the outlets
they think are
reliable uh the Jacobin I don't even
know what that is the
Atlantic the
Atlantic and the new Republic are deemed
reliable the Atlantic is literally the
most famous propaganda not even trying
to be anything but
propaganda now if you didn't know that
you might say huh okay this is helpful
here's a list of bad sites and good
sites but anybody who's paying attention
even a little bit knows the Atlantic is
just a Democrat propaganda I don't think
it exists for any other reason I doubt
it's making money isn't it owned by
Jobs's Widow and doesn't it look like
the only reason it's still alive is so
they can write hit pieces on
Trump it's the most corrupt thing you
could possibly imagine that first of all
there is something that exists like that
but secondly that newsguard has blessed
it as a accurate source and says the
Federalist is not now I don't know about
you but I've read a lot of stories in
the
Federalist I don't remember any
misinformation do you like I don't
remember any you know every every news
entity gets things wrong but what
uh I mean these are all news sources
that I have familiarity with you know
new Newsmax may get things wrong they
may be biased in their attacks of course
the news is biased but that's big
difference between bias and
misinformation so yeah this is
completely
corrupt there is an account on X that
has been getting some attention lately
and it's an anonymous account and I
would love to know who's behind it it's
the account is called Data Republican we
don't know if it's male or female or
more than one person involved so it's
Anonymous but data Republicans been
apparently doing some good work sniffing
out things that the data indicates you
know looking for red flags and one of
the things that data Republican put on X
so you should follow data Republican if
you're on X it's one word data
Republican you should follow it and when
I tell you this story you're definitely
going to wanted to follow it
um so the idea is that data Republican
discovered seven
NOS out of the massive thousands of NOS
so this was
hard found seven
ngos that uh seem to that are partially
funded by American taxpayers that appear
to be the key players within the
so-called deep State uni party and one
of the ways that they're identifiable
is that they all have something like
democracy in their name so democracy
enhancing democracy helping Universal
democracy helping the the agency to
democratize democracy and all good
democracy things so that's one of the
signals that they're not giving like
let's say foreign aid for AIDS or trying
to help the poor there's something about
democracy and they're well-funded and
there's seven of them and
that
explains why Trump is being called
domestically a threat to
democracy do you see it now so we had
these NOS that were originally set up to
battle for democracy against let's say
the Soviet Union they might have a
different model or against anybody else
who was actually not Democratic that we
wanted to be on our democracy side so
they were external facing things
and then
suddenly this president president Trump
he's being called a threat to democracy
have you ever heard that before has any
prior president ever been called a
threat to democracy well probably you
know here and there but not like
something that all the entities are
repeating every single day you know
threat to democracy threat to democracy
threat to democracy that's
organized and there's no way it's
accidental it allowed these seven
well-funded entities to turn their
cannons internally at a domestic
situation and try to turn Trump into
what they're imagining here is a threat
to
democracy so
that is what I mean by the entire
corrupt architecture of the country is
being revealed
I'm seeing a picture of Bill Crystal
going by yes he was getting some money
from an
NGO and uh everything was just what you
thought it was we didn't know who was
involved but you could feel the you
could feel the coordinated evil because
they all talk the same you know MSNBC
and CB and CNN and New York Times and
they'd all start using the same words
like H looks like there's a
constitutional
crisis constitutional crisis
constitutional crisis but that used to
work today I wake up and Elon Musk has a
post on X laughing about all the
different media using the same term and
and there's a whole list of them oh it's
a constitutional crisis look at
constitutional crisis even MSNBC
couldn't get their own legal analyst to
call it a constitutional crisis because
nobody's defied any the
Constitution we've done stuff
and the court will challenge it and then
the court will decide if we can do it
and if we can't do it we'll try
something else you know which might
include impeaching a judge which is also
constitutional it wouldn't wouldn't work
but um so yeah there you go we can now
see kind of clearly that uh Democrats
were just feeding off the te of these
NOS it was a way to launder money into
their favorite things keep them power
and enrich them you know not every
single one but clearly it was thievery
corruption and pure evil and we're
getting really close to having all the
receipts really close now when I talked
earlier you know about Mike covich's
post and my
response think about all the people who
are pro Trump who are risking their life
and their careers right now think about
it Mike Benz is one Mike Benz is the one
who taught us you know this whole NGO
architecture and how it all works and he
said on X that he's in physical danger
probably I think that's true I think
he's in physical danger did he quit nope
is Trump in physical danger yes in fact
I I said the other day that um there was
some kind of event where Trump Ste
scalise and Mike Johnson three you know
top Republicans were on the stage at the
same time two of them have been shot by
democrats or at least somebody who
didn't like them two on a three
shot did Steve scales retire nope he's
standing on the stage did Trump retire
nope he's standing on the stage did
Melania tell Trump to retire doesn't
look like it
it looks like she's all in me I'm just
guessing I can't read her mind
but uh am I in danger of course I am I
mean maybe not physical danger but uh I
got canceled you know my reputation is
destroyed I'm all in I got nothing left
to lose and if you look at how many
people are risking their physical life
how about
musk do you know how much security musk
needs right now a lot do you know how
much risk the Doge people are taking a
lot physical career reputation a
lot we I've never seen any situation
where so many I guess you'd call them
normal people decided to ride or
die this time we
feel that this is a 1776 moment ideally
without the
muskets um I think we can do this
without the Musk
so that would be First Choice
um but we are putting our lives on the
line we are genuinely putting our whole
lives our reputation our economics
ability to feed the family and even our
lives all in the line and no
regrets we're all in now this is an
example of what uh Greg Gutfeld calls
the shared risk I don't do it because
it's a shared risk but boy does a help
to know that I'm you know not the only
person putting myself out there that
lots of people are putting everything on
the line everything musk is risking
everything everything and he's doing it
right in front of you it's the most you
know amazing thing I've ever seen so
just think about the number of people
that you know that are Trump supporters
who have been in physical Danger career
Dam career danger social danger it's a
pretty big
list and none of them are backing down
look at Alex
Jones not backing down he's doubling
down but he's not backing down and you
could probably make a list of 25 people
that took a serious hit for doing what
they thought was right and now we're not
going to take it anymore we're not going
going back it's just not going to
happen so Katherine herriage was talking
on a podcast recently she said that you
know Katherine harage a well resected
journalist uh she said she got fired at
CBS
News and uh then made a choice to go
independent and she said her first in
investigation on
Co um injury in the US Military and she
said that X was the only platform where
they could put the results of their
investigation X was the only place an
honest
journalism journalist could tell an
honest
story think about that no other
entity because most of them take Pharma
advertising so you know X maybe has some
too but it's not driving any
decisions I don't know if there are any
on X actually
um so did uh Katherine herriage take
some risks oh yeah yep Katherine Eric
took some risks now I wouldn't say that
she's T she's Pro Trump because she's
such a good journalist I don't know
that's exactly what you want that that's
almost the definition of a good
journalist or a great journalist is that
you don't know who they support they're
just telling you what they found so but
she's Brave
and she had to
pay Fox News has a story that I think is
probably fake news um but still
useful this would be useful fake news
the story is that I guess the Pentagon
has some bills they paid $1,300 for
coffee
cups uh I don't know how many coffee
cups that was and uh I think that was
like per coffee cup or something
$1,300 and then uh an 8,000 % overpay
for soap
dispensers so doge is finding these
kinds of expenses now here's what you
need to know I did not do any research
on this specific story I'm going to give
you a general statement since the 60s
the same story comes out at least once a
year oh the air force uh charges a
billion dollars for a hammer oh this one
screw for this door was
$50,000 and
every year since the 60s now you would
you first of all would you all agree
that you've all seen this story a
version of the story every year you've
been
alive it never stops and did you know
none of them are true Did you know that
it's always the same
reason let's say uh let's say I'll give
you an example just to and by the way
this is just a madeup example but it'll
give you an idea what I'm talking about
let's say Air Force One had some special
equipment that nobody else in the world
had and some design things that didn't
exist anywhere else and then later 20
years later because the airplanes last a
long time somebody says oh we need to
add a cup dispenser or we need some cups
that will fit the dispensers that are
already on the plane or they need to be
some special kind of cups that I don't
know don't leak or something well to
make that little tiny order of whatever
it is that Air Force One needed but
nobody else will ever need anywhere they
might have to develop part of a factory
they might have to buy equipment to
manufacture that thing uh they might
have to design it because they don't
have the design anymore and then they
manufacture it when they're done they
spend you know a million dollars to make
something that you think should be worth
$5 but it actually cost a million
dollars and there wasn't any other way
to do it except build the factory build
the piece put all the overhead in it and
try to get it now I want to be very
careful because I know half of you are
so mad at me right now that you can't
hear the next thing I say so I'm going
to say it three times to get through
your your wall of anger it's probably
still
overpriced that's the first time it's
probably still overpriced that's the
second time now this one should should
penetrate the your wall is probably
still
overpriced all right so don't argue with
me about whether it's
overpriced I con see that but it's
probably never overpriced in the way
that you think it is that it only costs
them a nickel to make it and they
charged a billion dollars that's almost
never true it's usually some overhead
that special case blah blah blah BL blah
so even though it's fake news in my
opinion again without doing any research
on this specific case it's always fake
news has been since the
60s uh is really
useful because the public doesn't know
it's fake news so they say what the
pentagon's charging me a billion dollars
for a hammer we're going to have to go
in there and shake things up well if
what you want to do is go in there and
shake things up and cut costs it's
really useful if the public thinks that
they are charging a billion dollars for
a screw
it's really useful because then you can
get the
support likewise the same strategy is
being used on the cuts for
USA if you told the real story to the
public okay public the reason that these
weird little Charities exist is not
because somebody really really cared
about the trans um events in Uruguay for
example it's because we were trying to
control uguay and teaming with the Trans
Community gave us a little bit of um
capacity building so that we'd have a
little more leverage over eurway now
that's the story that the government
can't tell you and even Trump can't tell
you that and I don't think Elon Musk is
going to say that in a press release
because it basically ouns our entire
intelligence operation USA is basically
just a front for the CIA this would be
the Mike Ben's version of
reality and if you see it as a front for
the CIA the real argument is do we need
the CIA doing this stuff now I think the
answer is no I I think that probably we
can get what we want without doing this
stuff and that maybe it is as going too
far and it was too easy to get money for
anything so you know maybe there's some
of this stuff that needs to happen for
intelligence reasons and for legitimate
protection of the Republic but probably
the best thing is to cut it
all and then have whoever needs it make
a better argument and then add it back
if we need it that's probably what makes
sense but notice how complicated that is
wait uh wait what are you saying you're
saying that us Aid is just the CIA well
do you have a document that proves that
no nobody could possibly have a document
that proves
that you can you can get get there by
inference you can get there because
somebody told you and you've been around
it and you know what it really is and
maybe you've worked in the CIA so you
know exactly what's going on but there's
no
document I I don't think Trump and musk
could come up with oh here's the memo
look look right here it says everything
we do is for the CIA no they can't prove
it so what are they going to
do so you do the thing like the
million-dollar hammer you just tell the
public something they can understand uh
maybe we shouldn't be spending $50
million on condoms for mosm Beek and
then the public says oh yeah I don't
know much about this topic I never heard
of USA before but yeah that's a lot of
money for Condoms I think I'd rather
save that money and then you could just
go down the line all right do you want
to support trans events in Uruguay no no
I don't yeah shut that thing down well
there's more they're also doing Dei in
Slovenia Dei in Slovenia are you kidding
me get rid of that get rid of the
million dooll hammers get rid of it all
close it down go
musk so there is a there is a veneer of
 over what we're seeing but for
a good purpose the public it would be
hard to bring the public up to speed on
what's really going on in the real world
it's it's painful to figure out what's
real it's painful and most people aren't
going to even want to put in work so yes
if you could make the argument based on
uh ridiculous expenses in the context of
our budget being way out of control if
it works it
works there's a uh uh Democrat
Progressive analyst he's been called um
he's worked with a lot of top Democrats
guy named uh ruie
texier now so the the first thing you
need to know is that he's you know deep
in the Democrat world so he's not a
republican he's a he's a deep
Democrat and here's something he said
recently um he said that uh in policy
terms um the Democrats have a point
about the legality of Doge's efforts so
yes I would acknowledge that there is an
argument out there that Doge needs to be
you know within the frame of legal
activity of course yeah I agree with
that and and if it
isn't I'd like people who are smarter
than me to figure that out and then
we'll adjust we'll make whatever
adjustment needs to be necessary so the
the questions about whether doge is
legal or not legal I think that's fair
game and so does he that's fair
game um I mean I don't like how it's
working out because it's slowing things
down but you can't say it's not fair to
ask if something's
legal that's the first question you
should ask is that legal and if we don't
know for sure let's work through the
process let's go through the courts
let's figure out if it's
legal but here's the more interesting
thing you said
um um he says that uh Trump occupies The
High Ground in this fight meaning that
all the the US aid aid looks like things
that the doesn't want right so even
though they do basic stuff or the claim
is that us8 is doing some you know real
charity um there are so many things like
uh Dei in Serbia's
workplace that if Trump says we're going
to cut the Dei program in Serbia that
you're paying for who exactly is going
to argue with that again if you were if
you were in the CIA and you knew there
was some you know reason for that you
would argue but you're not going to do
it in public so the public argument
Trump and musk completely own they've
got The High Ground look at what they're
doing with your money nobody wants their
money wasted there there's no there's no
cohort who says you know I'd like a
little more corruption I wouldn't mind
if you spent some of my money so even uh
ruie texier is saying that you know
Trump's Got The High Ground
here you might as well just Just
Surrender at this point if he's you know
unless the courts can stop
it and then
finally you know uh um Palmer
lucky invented the uh the was it uh
virtual reality goggles for Facebook and
then there was a falling out with
Facebook and he you know went off on the
Zone he started andil a uh
military device company so he's got a
number of different products drones and
kind of high-tech things so he's
specifically in the the higher end of
the technology so that that's sort of
his domain that he carved out there and
apparently andil uh
Industries has now been selected to lead
the development and production of the um
the Army's integrated visual
augmentation system which what which is
I think you put on the goggles and you
see the real world but there is stuff
that's added to it enhanced reality so
maybe the stuff added to it is somebody
communicating with you uh a map of
something over the hill um how much
energy you have how much power you have
in your batteries so I don't know what
it would be but one does imagine it
would be really really helpful to have
basically I don't know if there's any AI
in it but probably there will be um so
we would be sending out basically super
soldiers who had um all the abilities of
robots basically but on top of that
human abilities so yeah this could be
kind of a big thing I guess they're
going to work with Microsoft on this so
could be a big
deal meanwhile you know that uh Trump
has threatened that if Hamas doesn't
give up the remaining uh hostages which
include possibly two Americans that
might be alive but we don't know for
sure um he said that if it doesn't on
Saturday by noon and we don't know which
time zone he's talking about but he says
Saturday at
noon uh if they don't release all the
hostages instead of what he thinks is
stalling um there's going to be hell to
pay oh Nicole Shanahan is going to have
a interview with uh data Republican
there you go look at the risk that
Nicole Shanahan and RFK Jr
took did you you see the size of the
risk that people are taking people
people are just laying it out they're
just laying down you know laying out
their whole lives it's it's so
inspiring and Nicole is one of the most
inspiring people in the game right
now um so anyway if Hamas doesn't give
the give back the hostage they'll be
held to pay now the first thing I think
to myself is there's something non-
trumpy about
this because there is a process that's
already agreed and although it's not
moving as quickly as possible possible
every time a hostage gets
released I that's a really big deal you
know even one hostage extra would be a
big big deal and that's the way we
should treat it on the other hand you
can't let the terrorists you know
manipulate you so Trump has said there
will be hell to pay I didn't know what
hell to pay would mean I saw some
analyst on some show describe some of
the options one would be to cut the aid
because apparently they can't really eat
you know that the non-m militants can't
eat because there's no food in Gaza so
if it doesn't come from the outside and
Israel doesn't let it in and there isn't
enough of it they don't eat so that's a
pretty big deal now I guess Hamas is
claiming that's why they're slowing down
the hostage release because they say the
aid is not coming enough or fast enough
now I don't know if that's true but it's
going to get worse if they don't release
the hostages and so one thing we could
do is cut their food off but we could
also cut their utilities could cut their
water and their electricity there's
still a little
electricity and maybe a little water
somewhere they could cut it off now that
would be of course punishing the
civilians more than the fighters but you
know the everybody has an option of
being there or not being there at this
point uh it could include emptying Gaza
of all the
civilians uh as in a forced uh exit as
in now you don't get a choice all
civilians every one of you is leaving
every part of Gaza and then we're just
going to stomp everything that's left
we're going to kill all the tunnels kill
every person in humas and start
over
now here's what I'm
speculating part of the context of this
is that the most recent hostages which
we believe were released in the order of
healthiest
first everybody who saw them the
healthiest ones that are remaining the
healthiest ones look like Holocaust
Survivors they're never going to be the
same so if there's a delay and the
healthiest ones look like Holocaust
Survivors what does that suggest to
you what it suggests to me is there may
not be anybody left
alive what it suggests to me is that if
there is somebody who's alive they might
not even want to be at this point
that whatever is
left is going to be horrible Beyond
imagination and it makes me wonder if
Trump maybe knows a little bit more than
we do about the
likely situation for the remaining
hostages it's possible that the reason
they're delaying it and claiming that
they need new food is they don't have
another living one and they don't have
one that hasn't been raped and they
don't have one that's not missing
limbs it whatever is
left as much as you know the families of
course would want them as important as
that is Trump might not know he might
know that there's not much left it might
be that bad and he would know more than
we would and that he's got a good sense
for these things so if the reason for
hamas's
delay is because they don't have
anything to give us he's pressing the
point now he always has the option of
backing off you know if a mouse said oh
oh oh we'll do this or that he has an
option because remember he's a
negotiator so he doesn't have to use his
threat if he gets something that seems
like it's
progress and the construction is started
near me so it's going to get noisy so um
I would normally say you should wait to
see if you got the hostages back because
a few more weeks isn't going to kill
anybody well I shouldn't put it in those
terms it might kill somebody but I think
I think maybe Trump is playing this
right I I think he's pressing them to
prove that they even have a hostage and
they don't have evidence that there's a
living hostage left I don't think I
don't think there's any evidence of it
so it could be that he's pressing them
to prove somebody's still alive and if
they can't prove somebody's still alive
in the next few days I think Gaza is
just going to be
become a burial ground for whoever's
left and uh Trump's very clear about it
very clear about it now I don't know
where everything's going to go but
[Music]
um it is a strong stance and I I have
respect for it even if even if it turned
out to not be an optimal outcome feels
like the right time to push and the
right way to push so I'm going to
support that
all right that's all I got for you today
thanks for uh joining I'm going to talk
to the people on uh locals privately if
you're on X or YouTube or Rumble thanks
for joining I'll see you tomorrow same
time same
place stay
strong
e
e
e e