boom-boom-boom-boom
hey Greg come on in here good to see you
I'm glad you joined the rest of you come
on in
hurry up it's good to see all of you
it's another wonderful day
it's a perfect day for a coffee with
Scott Adams what a way to spend your
morning what a way to wake up and join
the weekend which is gonna be amazing
best weekend in a while and the best way
to kick off the weekend I think you know
yeah yep
I think you know it requires a little
thing called the simultaneous it and all
you need is a cup or a mug or a glass on
a tanker chelators Tyne a canteen
director flask a festival a medica and
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee enjoyed me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better including the damn
pandemic it's called the simultaneous if
it happens now go mm-hmm I can feel the
hospitalization rates decreasing with
every cent let's talk about some stuff I
tweeted a real a real thinker yesterday
this one will make you stop and really
really think or it won't make any sense
at all so one of those two things is
gonna happen to you in a moment you're
either gonna have a really profound
moment or for most of you maybe 80%
you're gonna say I don't even know what
that meant it goes like this listen
carefully twenty percent of you are
gonna have a profound a moment
eighty percent of you are gonna wish I
would just change the topic here's the
statement
predicting and creating would be the
same thing if you were good at both of
them yeah let that sink in creating and
predicting would be the same thing if
you were good at both of them yeah
twenty percent of you just went whoa
eighty percent of you just went I don't
even know what that's supposed to mean
so that was just for the twenty percent
of you alright let's talk about some
other things kim janggun apparently he's
been photographed at the opening of a of
a fertilizer plant now I had jokingly
said that when the news came out that he
attended the opening of a fertilizer
plant I said on Twitter but we don't
know if he attended as a guest or as the
fertilizer because it seemed like both
possibilities were open at the time but
we have been provided with photographs
yes actual photographs of something that
may or may not be a fertilizer plant and
which Kim jong-un is cutting a ribbon as
some place that may or may not be North
Korea and may or may not have been in
the last ten years so in other words we
can't really tell from the photographs
they don't tell you as much as they oh
no we do know he wasn't walking with a
cane and unless he got a miracle cure do
you think he went away for a week and
got a miracle cure and now he doesn't
need a cane maybe maybe it was such a
good hospital trip that he left looking
younger yeah it was such a good hospital
trip that they fixed him up and now he's
thinner and younger and he doesn't walk
with a cane glad we got those
photographs huh all right I'm gonna go
on record here's my prediction fake
photographs fake photographs here's why
if you are going to produce
real photographs the point of which is
to show that your leader is alive they
would be a little more unambiguous you
know you don't publish ambiguous photos
to prove something
no you prove something with unambiguous
photos perhaps something called video
even North Korea has heard a video it's
a thing with movement wouldn't be hard
to demonstrate that Kim jong-un was
alive wouldn't be hard at all in fact it
would be quite easy but instead they
went with grainy photos of a young girl
Kim I don't know I don't know so I heard
the news today and I don't know I think
I was vaguely aware of this but when you
read a story about it it it reminds you
of something that you couldn't believe
which is that reportedly Kim Jong un has
assuming he's still alive mm sex slaves
literally mm sex slaves who apparently
will accompany him on trips to his you
know multiple resort compounds on his
train and whatnot to dance and sing and
and the other stuff for him and his
elites mm sex slaves for Kim Jong un so
here's here's the news as best we know
it and thank goodness we have
intelligence agencies because if we
didn't have intelligence agencies and a
free press we wouldn't be able to narrow
it down so we don't know exactly what
Kim Jong on it jong-un is doing this
week but thanks to our press and our
intelligence agencies we have narrowed
it down it's either he's dead or he's
partying at his seaside resort with two
thousand sex slaves
I've come to understand that he doesn't
spend much time in between those two
extremes because think about it
you're Kim jong-un you have 2000 sex
slaves what else are you gonna spend
your time on and so I present to you a
one-act play which features Kim Jong
Un's advisors talking to him about the
schedule for the day I'll start in the
role of the adviser to Kim jong-un you
can tell who the advisor is because the
advisers always have notepads so that's
how you know a Dear Leader we're
planning your day and we have very very
important budget meetings can I put you
down for the budget meeting at 2:00 p.m.
Kim jong-un uh-huh budget meeting yeah
yeah I could attend the budget meeting
that's that's one possibility or I could
go to my seaside resort party with my
two thousand sex slaves and maybe you
could attend that meeting for me and if
I hear later that things didn't go well
I could execute you and everyone who
attended the meeting how about that
instead okay very good very good I won't
put you down for the two o'clock meeting
but we've got a a ribbon-cutting at a
fertilizer plant that's tomorrow could
you make the fertilizer plant
ribbon-cutting Dear Leader yeah yeah
that's completely possible I could drag
my fat ass across North Korea to visit a
factory that literally makes or or
I could go to my seaside resort and I
could party with my two thousand sex
slaves while you visit the fertilizer
plant and if I hear later that anything
went wrong I could execute you and kill
everybody at the fertilizer plant too
just to make sure I've wrapped it all up
how about that excellent plan an
excellent plan dear leader do we need to
talk about the rest of this schedule not
so much not so much and seen now here's
this is actually an answer to a I guess
a mystery that I've had all my life and
I should have known the answer because
it was kind of obvious and I always say
to myself why is it you can't get a
dictator to retire why is there never
any story about a dictator says uh I've
been enjoying my dictatorship but I'll
tell you what I'll get a retire will
turn this into a democracy or whatever
now it turns out that the answer is that
if you retire from being a dictator you
will lose and here I'm just speculating
you will lose access to your two
thousand sex slaves and you'll probably
be hunted down and executed so retiring
is a really bad strategy for your
typical tyrant because they might get
executed but at the very least whatever
openness that comes with retiring and
becoming democratic is really going to
cut into your 2000 sex slave weekend how
do you expect a dictator to retire when
that's the proposition here here's the
deal how would you like to make peace
we'll have some kind of North Korea
South Korea you know we won't
necessarily merge right away but
there'll be more travel and openness
more connections you know maybe a lot
more communication and you see Kim Jong
and sitting there and thinking yeah yeah
yeah we could do that we could do that
we could have the peace and openness I
could get rid of my nukes or or or I'll
just put this out there I could keep my
nukes which keeps you out of my country
and I can keep my two thousand sex
slaves how about that and so the
ability that Kim Jong Un's is sister
might be the heir apparent
if Kim jong-un actually is sacred
capacitated or dead and I say to myself
isn't this interesting
isn't this interesting because I don't
know if there are historical cases in
the modern era of female dictators who
have sex slaves I kind of think they
might have a few right if you had a
female dictator she might have a few
male sex slaves maybe a few female sex
slaves why not but probably not 2,000
and if you were a kim jong un's sister
and let's say hypothetically you decided
to make peace and have some kind of
transitional stage toward a more
democratic system could you retire could
Kim Jong Un's sister retire
would she be safe from the reaches of
the law don't know because certainly she
could argue that everything that
happened was her brother's fault because
I don't have any decision she made
she just had to do what the the boss
said so she could say I didn't do
anything I just carried out orders and
by the way I don't have 2000 sex slaves
I got three or four probably take them
with me but you know maybe we could have
some peace because think about it is
realistically all joking aside
realistically would Kim jong-un ever do
anything to ruin his situation no
nothing there isn't anything there's not
risk of death there's nothing that's
going to shake him out of his situation
with his private train and all the booze
he wants and two thousand sex slaves
there's no there's no negotiating in
which you say all right I got an offer
and then Kim says before you say your
offer can you tell me how it's better
than owning my own country being a
dictator
eating and drinking whatever I want
smoking a lot of pot I assume he does
and playing with my two thousand sex
slaves that my luxury resort is your
offer better than that and then the
negotiators negotiators would say well
in some ways and Kim would say uh-uh
maybe we'll just put a hold on those
negotiations so the bottom line is it's
possible that Kim jong-un's sister could
negotiate for a piece like a real one it
is not possible based on this new
information that Kim jong-un would have
any interest in the negotiating for
something that would cause him to lose
access to his 2,000 sex slaves anytime
soon
so I just don't see it happening all
right
I was asked on Twitter to talk about the
revised death count which my
understanding is that if we go back to
work so I think these estimates are
based on we're still mitigating in all
the smart ways but some of us are
phasing back to work so I think this new
calculation takes that into account the
low end would be a hundred thousand si
and would be 240,000 based on the
current model models of course are
deeply inaccurate they don't predict
they simply give you a range of where
you might expect things to be and I
would say that they do that actually
pretty well so does that range look
reasonable to me yes we've we've raced
past 60,000 are we close to seventy
thousand deaths already I don't know
what today's today's number is but we'll
be at 70,000 pretty quickly I would
expect that in the month of May we would
zoom past a hundred thousand unless
something happens really quickly you
know it could be that at the rim des of
ear and the hydroxychloroquine maybe
they work a little bit maybe we get that
going in May a little bit maybe maybe it
reduces the daily count maybe it goes
down on its own but I wrote I don't
really see a situation will be less than
a hundred
when it's all done now of course there's
also the issue of whether it's counted
correctly do they throw in a lot of
other things I don't know don't know I
did see a chart that showed total deaths
compared to what we would have expected
and here the expected is if it's a
normal year and it looked like most of
the weeks were below the normal year a
couple were above it because there were
so many deaths from kovat but it looks
like we're actually maybe close to
break-even with total deaths if you
count the ones that are saved here's an
update on what Bill Gates said about
testing and again this agrees with what
I was thinking but he says it better so
I'll give you his I've been telling you
that based on everything I've been
hearing at the task forces about testing
that you should just forget about
testing forget about it being a path out
because there's no there's no evidence
that we're doing anything that would
allow us to test our way out we're
nowhere near the number and we're
nowhere near the number of tests
available we're no near nowhere near
testing the right people we're not even
close and I think that you know again
people give me a hard time for you know
bolstering the president and saying
everything he does is good but I've been
brutal about the reporting from the task
force in terms of the in terms of giving
us useful numbers I would say that the
task force's ability to give the public
useful information effectively zero but
just a failing grade just a pure failing
grade I can't even give them a d-minus
it's just a pure failing grade one of
the darkest I would say one of the maybe
the biggest mistake of the Trump
administration I would say so
yeah maybe I can think of a few other
things because it's hard to think of
everything that's happened but I would
say among the
most grossly embarrassing incompetent
performances is the reporting on the
numbers yeah I think the overall effort
is probably successful but in terms of
just specifically the question of is the
public being informed know now is it the
administration's fault that we don't
have enough tests and the right kind of
tests and the right kind of priorities
probably probably now they're doing this
the technique they're using is making
sure that the private sector is deeply
involved and they're not trying to push
too hard as long as the private sector
is willing to step up and they are but
the the way the tests are there's so
many different ones we don't know which
ones are accurate and then Bill Gates
said this on CNN I think apparently the
tests we have you're only going to get
them if you have symptoms all right so
if you have symptoms you've already been
spreading it so so getting the test
after you have symptoms doesn't help you
for all of the time that you already had
symptoms and you were spreading it and
it doesn't help you get treatment before
that so in other words they can't fix
the past and since the only people are
getting tests were the ones prioritized
the ones who have symptoms you didn't
help the past but do you help the future
and the answer is it takes about three
days to get a result you keep hearing
about the fast tests those exist but I
don't think they're the majority so
imagine that you you've you've had it
for five days you've got symptoms you've
been spreading it like crazy you get the
test and you still don't know you have
it for three days what do you do for
those three days you live your normal
life and you spread it around so by the
time you get it as Bill Gates says by
the time you get the test result
you've already spread it around you and
you're practically over it by the time
you get the result now yes there are
faster tests and they're they're a
startups have even faster tests and the
media tests coming in
that but what information do you have
about that have you seen the chart that
says this is how many we have this is
how many the experts say we need of this
type and this is how we're getting there
or anything like that no no my advice to
you is to make your decision about you
know the whole situation as if testing
doesn't exist as if it's not an option
I I would say that it is so poorly
reported that you have to assume it's
just not even a path and Bill Gates
basically just laughed at it he freaking
laughed at it he laughed at it that it's
not even close
it's not even in the it's not even in
the conversation of being something that
could be helpful just think about that
and most of the reporting most of the
experts have said we need to do more
testing we all know that there's nobody
who doesn't think if we can magically
test everybody we'd be better off but
apparently it's hard to make test kits
and it's hard to get it done so I don't
think that we're gonna have anything
like a testing solution before we have
herd immunity accidentally I keep
watching Tucker Carlson show where he is
essentially complaining the whole show
about totalitarianism and how our
freedom and rights have all been taken
from us and how we kind of just handed
them over to which I say I feel like I'm
just watching crazy town
it just looks crazy at this point now
I'm a big fan of Tucker and I think his
show is one of the best shows on TV of
its type you know in the in the news
genre definitely one of the best shows
of its type but this particular theme
that he's on that we've given up all our
freedoms is both true and trivial and
unimportant at the same time because
let's say you're in a coma have you lost
your rights yeah you have let's say
because you can't do all the things you
could do before
if you're in jail if you lost your
rights yes if you're in a dangerous
neighborhood can you do all the things
you want yes if you're you know
temporarily if you have to go to work
are you free not really you have to go
to work so we live in a world in which
this little freedom thing is sort of
fluid and we're figuring it out as we go
but we have a general idea where we want
it to be but we're always sort of
tweaking it all the time now assuming
that this coronavirus stuff doesn't last
forever
which of these rights that is being
denied to us will still be denied to us
in let's say the end of the year do you
think that any of these rights will be
permanent yeah I mean the reduction in
Rights do you think of the when the
coronavirus is gone do you think the
government is going to say you can't go
to the beach do you think they're gonna
say you can't work go to a concert no no
in what world and what world are any of
these going to be permanent now the ones
that will be permanent
we're going to be permanent anyway which
is your loss of privacy you know you
might argue that this costs you a little
bit of extra loss of privacy but not
really because the government always
could have tracked where you were with
your cellphone they always had that
ability they just maybe weren't doing it
unless you were a criminal and so I
don't even even a little bit understand
what talk Tucker is talking about
because all the examples are true
they're observable yes they can't go to
the beach they live in a free country
and without any laws passed no
constitutional authority these things
are all true you know the things that
Tucker is reporting are true
they just don't lead to the conclusion
they use concluding which is we're in an
emergency the way you would act in an
emergency should not be similar to the
way you would act in the non-emergency
so why would you ever compare them now
if he's going to make the case that
there are certain subsets of Rights that
have a high likelihood of of going away
during this and then
go on well I'd say that's a pretty good
argument if I'd heard it but I haven't
heard that argument I've only heard that
we have lost our rights temporarily
during an emergency I've also heard that
you know that's the way tyrants do it
like they can always find an emergency
to use as or excuse for grabbing power
but does that look like that's what's
happening here I'd say not even close
because the minimum requirement for that
to happen is that the public would be
okay with it now one of the things that
people point out is how easily the
public became sheep and just quarantined
themselves to which I say is that what
happened is that the public just turning
into sheep and obeying their their
government or is it a public who were
informed about a risk and decided to
take you seriously doing what the
experts advise them to do I mean I'm not
seeing a problem here
they say if somebody says because of the
slippery slope right the slippery slope
is purely imaginary and somebody says
emergency who defines it Scotty well I'm
gonna I'm gonna block you for that
comment so the comment is emergency who
defines Scotty now I'm I'm deleting I'm
blocking you forever so you'll never be
part of this conversation again because
Scotty is personal you can certainly
make a comment about the facts your
opinion etc but when you add Scotty on
there that's sort of an instant block
because you're trying to minimize me you
can minimize the opinion just by saying
what your opinion is but when you add
the Scotty then you're just being an
 and get blocked goodbye
all right what else we got going on here
there's a New York Times article that
was fascinating it said that stress is
not what kills you you know that stress
can kill you you believe right stress
can kill you but it turns out the stress
only kills you if you think it can now
I'm that's a little bit of an
exaggeration but the article said that
the science is pointing toward stress
will kill you if you believe that stress
will kill you in other words if your
mindset is the stress is all bad it's
just all bad it's gonna kill me then it
does it actually has that that effect
but apparently people who have a
different mindset and just accept the
stress as some sort of response their
body has because they're trying to
achieve something stress being a normal
reaction of the body something maybe
they can weaponize you know I use stress
to power my fitness so my mindset is
that when I feel stressed and by the way
this is totally legitimate and this is a
lifetime a lifetime habit so I'm not
making this up because I just read this
story there's something I've done all my
life if I have a day of work and I'm
really stressed out and I don't think
it's gonna go away right away that's
normal right everybody has stressful
days of work I say to myself man am I
gonna have a good workout today because
there's nothing that can power a good
work out better than stress and when
you're done you know you're gonna have
less of it less stress and you know that
you used your stress productively to
lift more and push yourself and exhaust
yourself and really really get a good at
good working out now that's my mindset
and one of the things that people always
ask me is why do you seem so not
stressed and part of it is that I make
it a very much a part of my job if you
will to avoid stress and a big part of
it is that mindset it's like what's the
first thing you think of when you're
stressed
oh my god my blood pressure is going up
or whoa I'm gonna really have a good
lift today and I'm not making that up
that's that literally what I think when
I when I feel stress it's like oh this
is gonna be a good run
so get your mindset right that's why you
should be following people such as Mike
son of who talked about getting
your mind set right one of my favorite
follows on Twitter is AJ Cortez does
personal training and what I like about
him has a someone to follow on Twitter
is that first of all he's he takes the
training to the mind body mindset you
know whole way so it's more of a
holistic approach where programing your
body is a way to program your life I
don't think he says it in those words
but it's effectively what it is so he's
more than a trainer about how to lift
stuff he does that too but it's more
about how all of this integrates into a
you know a better life so he got a tweet
today that made me laugh i retweeted it
not because I agree with every word of
it because it's so provocative that I
couldn't help it sometimes I just like
to see people react to provocative ideas
so this was his tweet from AJ Alexander
Cortes a generation of defective men
have been produced to believe that being
and they gives his list these are the
things that make them men according to
AJ agreeable quiet passive desexualized
soft gentle and emotional and he says
that this is the this is AJ not me don't
blame me and he says these are traits of
women and he says these men have been
programmed into passive eunuch slaves to
the mainstream narrative all right so i
retweeted it because it's so darn
provocative not not because it's exactly
matching my opinion of things but let me
give you my opinion the thing
so first of all let's all agree that
individuals are so different that it
would be ridiculous to have a list of
characteristics and say that this
applies to men or this applies to women
can we all agree that individual
differences are quite extreme but that
doesn't change the fact that the
averages can be the average so I know
you know somebody who is not like that I
know you're not like that can we agree
that you and your friends are not what
we're talking about so let's get out of
the anecdotal headset mindset I mean yes
we all know individuals are all over the
board on everything that people can be
you know different about so it is
certainly not true
in in a technical scientific way that
women are any of these things agreeable
quiet passive desexualized soft gentle
or emotional I think the point is that
more that those are sort of traditional
you know you don't have to say that
that's good or bad because I don't think
AJ is saying these are good qualities
are bad he doesn't say that he's just
saying that there was some kind of
gender difference you can agree or
disagree but here's where I'll take this
and it may be Google to see if there was
any kind of a testosterone difference in
Republicans versus Democrats so I
googled that what do you think what do
you think I found out do you think that
Trump supporters have more testosterone
than anti-trump or what would you say in
the comments that based on your
non-scientific opinion just observation
is it your observation that the class of
people who are supporters of Trump have
more testosterone than those were
opposed to look at the comments that the
comments is it's unambiguous right it's
very unambiguous
you you could tell me that this doesn't
pass the science and then I would just
doubt your science because it's so
freakin obvious now I don't know how in
the world you could not see it it's as
obvious as anything could be obvious now
what causes that now keep in mind there
are two there are two things happening
one is that Trump has more male
supporters so if you are simply to you
know measure all the testosterone and
the the Trump supporters you would of
course get more just because there are
more men in the group so that's the
first thing second thing is just obvious
it's just obvious and I had made the
hypothesis before that the way people
respond to Trump might be based on
whatever experience they've had in the
past with bullying and my hypothesis
which I'm going to modify right now
my hypothesis had been that if you'd
been the subject of bullying a victim of
it any time during your life and you saw
Trump he triggered you to remember those
situations and you say to yourself no
never again I'm not going to be in this
bullying situation so I can't support
him and then I speculated that if he had
been the bully yourself or he just
hadn't been bullied that you didn't see
that and what you saw was a strong
leader who may or may not agree with you
but that's it it wasn't scary I'm gonna
modify that because I feel as though the
bullying thing might be a factor but not
the full explanation I feel like
testosterone is the better s explanation
and here's why and again let me say that
this is all speculation it's based on
anecdotal stuff the moment there is a
scientific peer-reviewed controlled
study that says that there is no
correlation I will immediately adopt
that opinion but at the moment there
isn't there is not that I just looked
there's no information on that so here's
what I think I think that your
testosterone level if you're male
so let's just talk about men the higher
your testosterone level the less afraid
you are of other men
what do you agree with that let's say I
think if this would be harder to answer
for the women but men you have
experienced you've experienced just in
your own life
times when you knew your test dose
testosterone was high let's say you just
want to contest you've been working out
you're feeling healthy you know your
testosterone is high you can feel it you
also know that there have been times
wouldn't even sick or down or you broke
up with your girlfriend or whatever your
problem was you knew your testosterone
was down so can the men here first
confirm for me that they have a physical
sensation and they know the difference
between when their testosterone is is
jacked up and when it's not because
their personality changes I would say my
entire personality is quite different if
I know my testosterone is raging and I
can tell right let me give you one
example I used to do a lot of public
speaking and when you're a public
speaker and you're invited because
you're already popular it usually goes
well the audience claps and they cheer
and they laugh if you spend an hour
being the subject of affection of an
audience by the time you walk offstage
and you're heading back to your hotel
room your testosterone is just raging
because it's just automatic if you
become you know the the celebrity on
stage and everybody's clapping for you
and literally standing sometimes
standing ovations your testosterone is
off the chart and you and your
personality changes too and you know it
I mean if you just feel it it's almost
like you can feel it in your goosebumps
and your hair you can feel it and what
comes along with men men back me up on
this I'm just looking for the men to
answer this question women would not be
able to when your testosterone is jacked
up are you ever afraid of another man
are you and I think the answer is almost
never and I would say that I'm think of
any situation in my life then I've ever
been afraid of a man or men not once and
I've been in lots of situations you know
if you're a male you've been in tons of
situations that are dangerous you can't
be a man in America and not have lots of
experience with almost getting in a
fight you were there when the trouble
went down you know I mean it's just
normal life that men are around the male
experience is violence and near violence
all the time it's something that women
can't possibly understand the manly men
live in a permanently violent world and
I don't mean that they're actually
performing violence at any given moment
I mean that our mindset is that you're
ready for violence at the drop of a hat
maybe not all of you this also could be
a testosterone difference but I would
say and let the men in the comments
confirm or deny this men would you say
that you are capable of violence at the
drop of the Hat for a reason I'm not
saying that you would do violence for no
reason I'm saying that is it true that
you're always on the edge of being
violent but only if there's a reason and
you don't really ever turn that off do
you so you guys maybe you'll see some
differences here you see somebody saying
correct I don't know if they're yeah
somebody says I'm never afraid of
anything
survival of the fittest only if he's
holding a gun so I've had guns pulled on
me three four times so I've had guns
pointed at my face four times in my life
once a bowie knife so I I've had a knife
pulled on me four guns two of them was
when I was working as a bank teller and
I got robbed twice once was getting
mugged
in downtown San Francisco and other time
was walking in the Mission District in
San Francisco and when I was walking in
the Mission District somebody pointed a
a real gun at a window as I was walking
by in the sidewalk and that and the
window was really close to the sidewalk
so I mean you're looking right at the
person in the window it wasn't like
there was a distance involved and I'm
walking by and it guy sticks a gun out
the window holds it up to my basically
points it at my head and he pulls the
trigger and and I watched the I watched
the cylinder turn click and there wasn't
a there wasn't around in the chamber
he had a pointed at my head as I walked
by a real gun click and pointed it up I
had when I walked by so that's the
neighborhood I lived in so just just
generalize that to what my neighborhood
it was like you know this was when I
first moved to San Francisco is a it was
a it was on the border of a rough rough
place anyway so I've had numerous guns
and weapons pointed at me and I would
say that my my adrenaline went through
the roof so if you talk about adrenaline
yeah adrenaline went through the roof
but I don't know that I was ever afraid
like I didn't feel like any kind of
experience that I would call fear I have
you know normal fears of normal things
right I have you know ordinary
appreciation for danger I'm not like the
brave I'm not a brave guy I would say as
a man I'm not especially brave or
especially on brave probably average but
I also have I'm guessing so here's an
assumption I believe my testosterone is
relatively high how does one know that
well I have that I have the towels for
that so I have the balding you know
losing your hair is either a sign of
testosterone or sensitivity to it I have
the squarish jawline
that's a sign of testosterone I think
there's a difference with a finger
length that tells you you have
testosterone but more importantly I live
my lifestyle to maximize it so you know
I lift I exercise I eat right I sleep
you know so I do all the things that
should boost it and my experience of it
is nothing really frightens me
so when I look at I look at Trump
I see his tool set but I always see a
threat to me
I could totally imagine that if you had
low testosterone you would see somebody
who was bristling with it and was
unpredictable
and scary anyway so I think that could
be tested but we'll leave that open
question John Roberts reports
Fox News that a senior intelligence
source still tells him that there's a
agreement among most of the 17
intelligence agencies they covet 19
originated in the wuhan law lab and
there was believed to be a mistake so
most of the 17 agencies agree does that
mean anything does that mean anything it
doesn't doesn't the fact that 17
intelligence agencies agree we know that
that doesn't mean anything I remember
when that when I would have heard that
and says 17 intelligence agencies well I
mean what are the odds that I'll be
wrong now let me tell you what it means
when seventeen intelligence agencies
agree if you've ever worked in a large
organization you know this is true if
you haven't worked in a loriatlarge
organization you would be totally fooled
by this let me explain what it means
when 17 intelligence agencies agree it
means that one did the work came up with
an opinion and the others heard about it
you get that one agency did the work and
the others heard about it the other 16
are useless they're not duplicating the
work do you think that the United States
has multiple agencies you know sending
different people in to North Korea I
hope not I hope we don't have different
agencies doing that don't you think
maybe there's only one this kind of
that's got that responsibility I think
there's only one intelligence agency
that really has the primary
responsibility to figure out what's
going on there and I don't think they
know so when you see something like 17
intelligence agencies agree your brain
should translate that into one
intelligence agency has an opinion 16 of
them just said yeah whatever that guy
says you know he seems credible toss and
the one who had the opinion is probably
not right that's so that's how you
should interpret it if you interpreted
it as 17 say it's 17 agencies say it's
true well probably true then you got it
completely wrong that there's nothing in
the reality that would suggest the 17
intelligence agencies in the United
States agreeing tells you anything
it doesn't tell you anything that's how
you should process it all right let's
see what else we got here yeah that's
mostly what I want to talk about today
or anything I missed
in the news today somebody says oh
there's the question that I was going to
bring up some somebody says what
organization did not agree and why
exactly which organization did not agree
now it doesn't say that there's an
organization that disagrees so the way I
would interpret that is that of the 17
agencies one did the work 14 of them
said yeah that looks good to us we
didn't do the work but you know you did
the work looks good to us and a few of
them said we haven't seen a way you've
done we haven't looked at it yet it's
gonna be more like that
somebody says when everyone's thinking
the same thing
nobody's thinking well less there all
right I mean you can't rule out the fact
that sometimes people are right but it's
it's a good warning
it's a peer-review rubber-stamp yeah
peer review I think is totally overrated
- you got some better information I do I
got some better information
I watched China's response if you
watched it China's response to the
coronavirus situation it's pretty
obvious that they were concealing
information from the world do you need
17 intelligence agencies to tell you
that that China was lying we already
know that that's public information so
what are the intelligence agencies know
that we don't yes Elon Musk's tweet
storm so Elon tweeted among other things
I think in last 48 hours or so among
other things that he was his girlfriend
was having a baby on Monday people
didn't know that and that Tesla stock
was overpriced in his opinion he sure
likes trouble talk about a guy who likes
trouble I think he enjoys it and then
some other random things that he tweeted
anyway the the tweets were let's say
eyebrow-raising
enough that people started wondering if
he was on drugs or crazy or trolling or
what the heck's going on so so it's like
a cottage industry trying to decide what
Elon is is secretly thinking if I had to
guess I'd say drugs to be it look like
somebody was on some kind of drug and
tweeting now do I care you know would I
sell my Tesla stock if I learned that
you'll on had
taking mushrooms I'm just speculating
there's no evidence that he did that but
would I do anything differently with my
investments if I heard that Elon took
some mushrooms and tweeted too much nope
because you know what whoever Elon Musk
is today he was the same guy a few years
ago right if it worked yeah oh yeah the
other thing is he was gonna sell off all
of his possessions his houses etc now I
don't know if any that's true or
whatever but it sounds like somebody was
on drugs do I care if he was on drugs
nope because if he was he was still the
same agiel on musk who broke all the
rules and you know this will always be
remembered I think as one of the great
entrepreneurs of our time do you care if
Henry Ford drank too much I don't think
he drank I'm not even sure if he did but
do you care if Steve Jobs did LSD
because he did do you care
No do you care that almost every major
company in Silicon Valley has major top
employees or micro dosing on LSD every
day do you care probably not do you care
that they're using performance-enhancing
drugs adderall and everything else and
not really do you care if they smoke
marijuana on nights and weekends nope
so I guess my take on Ilan's tweeting is
he's still the same person you know he
didn't become less capable of doing
anything he just is letting you know who
he is I said the the uncomfortable truth
that nobody wants to say out loud let me
say it out loud let me be the first
person to say it out loud success in
this world is about which drugs you get
addicted to
there I said what a lot of people have
thought but you don't want to say if
what you got addicted to is alcohol
probably that's not going to go well for
you unless you're a functional alcoholic
and you're in sales if you're a
functional alcoholic and you're in a
sales profession it might be pretty good
I mean I wouldn't recommend it but it
could work out well in fact I know
several people who are clearly
functional alcoholics who have
tremendous lives as far as I can tell
from the outside because they just they
just funnel that drinking into sales
they're very social they make a lot of
sales have a good life and they're drunk
all the time
and they don't seem to be you know any
the worse for wear so some people
apparently can make that work
now I'm not recommending that it's a
special case but it's also true that
people can be more creative depending
what they're taking they can relax they
can you know if they're on adderall or
other any performance-enhancing drugs
sometimes they need them sometimes they
get them recreationally or just for
performance but the point is Silicon
Valley is is run on drugs you know if
that wasn't clear enough let me say it
as clear as possible Silicon Valley runs
on drugs and not the legal kind all the
time some of them are illegal you know
adderall is legal etc but Silicon Valley
is a drug-fueled industry now that's
something that you don't see in the news
so much you've seen stories about it but
it's not really emphasized but the fact
is I don't know what percentage but the
the people in Silicon Valley who are
using drugs are using it not
recreationally exactly they're using it
functionally so the Silicon Valley
people were using drugs and also
successful it's because the drugs are
either addicted to or choose to be a day
two are productive I'll use myself for
an example I'm not yeah technically you
can't be physically addicted to
marijuana but I'm certainly
psychologically addicted and I can I can
guarantee you from my own experience
that my creativity goes through the roof
when I use it in fact a lot of the ideas
that you've seen coming out of me
happened you know when I was enjoying a
good 4/20 afternoon and so would I be
more or less successful I don't know
it's hard to know but I will tell you
that a lot of the most successful people
have simply chosen the right kind of
drug their works for their particular
situation their particular genetic
makeup their particular whatever now the
reason that I don't recommend any of
this is that it can kill you right do
you need a better reason how about this
don't do it it could kill you that's it
that's that's a little recommendation
I'm not a doctor and if you're not a
doctor
don't be playing around experimenting
with drugs to make you a better person
you know I'm not gonna recommend that
I'm just gonna saying some people have
for whatever reason have discovered that
there are some types of drugs that make
them better other people have found
drugs that just make them worse if
you're taking a drug that just makes you
worse that's that's where you're gonna
end up
somebody says pot doesn't kill yeah so
there's a little bit of disagreement on
that I'm on the side of saying that you
know marijuana doesn't kill you but
there are other people say well but if
you're doing marijuana and tried to ride
your motorcycle really fast you know I'm
suppose you could do something foolish
somebody says stop taking any marijuana
for a while and see if you have physical
results well I've done that of course
and I know I know the difference I'm
very aware of how different it is often
drugs are try for a fix for an
underlying mental issue I would say
every time I would say that all drugs
unless you just you know trying them on
a weekend or something you're just
experimenting but four people are using
them regularly I would say that that
statement is true that people do it to
fix something that wasn't giving them
enough happiness or something
I can't drink or get high during work
it's a waste of a good buzz yeah most
work is not compatible with marijuana
but some is somebody says I should plug
locals calm yeah I will remind you that
I've moved moved a lot of my video
content all the periscopes will be
reproduced there I'll keep doing them
here this won't change but they're also
on the locals platform so if you went to
Scott Adams Scott Adams dot locals calm
you'll find my page you can look at my
Twitter profile to see it as well and
for a for a small subscription fee you
can get extra stuff and you could have
everything in one place and the
algorithm will not rule you I'll tell
you my long-term play here so the
long-term reason for putting it on a
subscription platform is that the the
youtubes of the world they can't really
handle my content because their business
model requires them to pair content with
advertisers and the advertisers all say
why would we take a chance on something
that's controversial just Paris with
kitten videos so that's the problem that
YouTube has even if they wanted to the
advertisers would say I'd like to give
you money to pair with this stuff half
the people who watch it are going to get
me for just pairing it so the
advertising based models including my
comic strip everything else or
advertising model they don't really work
anymore for a variety of reasons the
newspaper advertising model will
probably just disappear because
newspapers will disappear by the end of
the year I'll probably have no no
regular cartooning income I would guess
from newspapers so I'm looking to you
know re reinvent my content you know
figure out how to how to adapt to the
new world the post coronavirus world and
I'm gonna try the subscription service
that's where I am at Scott Adams not
locals with an S dot-com if you want to
be part of that you get all the good
stuff and more where will Dilbert be
syndicated well it's in 2000 newspapers
and it's on a lot of websites and said
Dilbert com
probably a number of them will continue
online but I don't know if newspapers
make enough money from just their online
presence so my guess is that the
physical newspapers the local ones will
disappear the biggest ones don't
actually carry comics you know the
biggest newspapers Wall Street Journal
New York Times they don't have comics so
when the little ones go away USA Today
is a big one when the little ones go
away so so too does the comic business
because they're associated with the
local papers mostly somebody says they
mentioned me on the 5 yesterday I
watched the 5 I didn't see that did I
did I miss that part yeah $7 is the
subscription fee per month if you're
already donating to me on the patreon
site or on the web platform because
people have done both I would ask you to
discontinue that and whether or not
whether or not you want to be on the
locals platform that would be a separate
decision but you know you could
discontinue patreon and you could
discontinue using the interface app and
I would be just as happy because now I
have a little home
and the people who want to use that
subscription feed and see a little extra
they're going to see it so what I'll be
doing on the the locals app is I'm going
to put a lot of micro lessons I put my
first micro lesson up there on how to
write humor so these are very very short
videos on one topic where I teach you
that one topic my next we'll probably be
designed so it'd be like five to ten
minutes to bring you up to about eighty
percent of what you need to be a better
designer so that's what we're going to
do and I will talk to you tonight
have a good day