well as soon as we're ready we're going
to have the best show you've ever seen
so good that you'll barely be able to
believe
it so stream on in here and get
ready for an event that you've never
seen before
[Music]
all right good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams Sunday edition what's so
special about that well all the lazy
people are sleeping in but I'm here
every single day giving you this
entertainment that depending on how
you're watching it might even be
commercial free yeah I would argue that
I give the most commercial free content
depending on which platform you're on
than anybody who charges for
Content so I own that but if you'd like
to take this experience up to levels
that nobody can possibly understand with
their tiny shiny human brains well all
you need for that is a copper mugger a
glass of tanker chel a a canteen sugar
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
the dopamine hit of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simult
it's going to happen right now
go oh God that's so good have you ever
had that experience where you might
drink coffee every day but every now and
then there'll be a sip that's just
perfect just the right temperature and
everything that was that zip it was that
good well let me tell you one uh sciency
thing and then we'll talk about all the
real
news so there's uh some windows have
been created by University of soul in
South Korea what's so special about the
windows well there would be replacement
windows for your home or business but
they make electricity from the friction
of raindrops on the electrodes have you
ever heard of that
before apparently as the raindrops go
down the window it creates electricity
now the question I would have is how
much electricity can you make out of
raindrops going down a window doesn't
feel like a lot but it also has some
magical properties for blocking some of
the light so it cools down the room and
you don't overheat and also the windows
will de defrost themselves and they're
not even powered Windows
Amazing okay that was boring I was just
trying to wait till everybody gets in
here so as you know Israel has done a
pre preemptive attack on
Hezbollah um Hezbollah was reportedly
preparing for a big rocket attack on
Israel Isel spotted the preparation this
is the official fog of War Story by the
way if if you don't know I say this
often I assume it's you know I imagine
it's assumed by everybody but it's worth
saying anything you hear about military
action is probably
wrong in some important way or there's
some context missing or it'll be revised
tomorrow or the death count is
completely made up so anytime you're in
a war situation I can tell you what the
headlines say I can't tell you what's
true because the headlines are not based
on what's true it's all fog of War a lot
of lying goes on when it's War
but one of the things that this suggests
if it's true that Israel destroyed quote
thousands of Hezbollah rocket
launchers how much work did it take to
destroy thousands of rocket
launchers and the question I have is I
assume they're all hidden until they're
used and the question is how quickly can
they unhide them and set them up to Fire
and how how accurately can Israel
identify them because you would think
that the by this time you know in our
technological advancement that Israel
would have essentially eyes all
over uh Lebanon so in other words they'd
have drones and satellites and whatever
else it took to have a good look then
you add AI so imagine you have ai plus
you know full surveillance of all the
the terrain around uh the dangerous
parts of
Lebanon couldn't the AI tell you that
somebody's getting ready for a rocket
launch and let a human approve it or not
and then send it guided missile so so
the question is are we at a
technological point where Israel's Iron
Dome can stop almost everything that's
incoming but also they can destroy on
the ground anything that you know is set
up to
fire I'm starting to think that might be
close to the situation so that which
would be kind of a surprise because I
wouldn't imagine they would have had
that capability but if you don't see
Hezbollah make a big
attack it could be because they
can't now again remember this is fog war
and speculation and I don't know
anything about anything military so I'm
just throwing out there all the
possibilities I can't really put in odds
on any of it but there is some
possibility that Israel can knock down
whatevers coming at them and Destroy
anything that's setting up to come at
them so but I've also heard that asbel
has 200,000 rocket launchers or 200,000
Rockets or missiles not sure which that
was but if they have 200,000 missiles I
don't know how what that would imply in
terms of missile
launchers maybe what what would be the
ratio of missiles to missile launchers
in
Lebanon 20 to1 10:1
3:1 anyway so there'd be a whole bunch
of stuff that they would have to blow up
if they wanted to get rid of most of the
risk but they might have the ability to
do that we don't know
meanwhile Hamas and Israel
Representatives have met in Cairo to
negotiate
negotiate I love the fact that both
sides are pretending to
negotiate because nobody wants to take
you seriously unless you're willing to
say the words I certainly would like to
negotiate an end to this
but here's the problem neither side
really wants
attend the citizens certainly do yeah
all the residents want attend but not
the
governments and is Israel wants to keep
on doing what it was
doing and it's got a lot of work to do
so it doesn't want it to end yet you
know eventually yes but not not really
this year and uh does SAS really want to
tend well again the citizens yes they do
but does the
leadership I doubt it because the
leadership's dead whether it ends or not
so they might as well stick it out if
anybody thinks that the leadership of
Hamas is going to be alive five years
from now I think that's a very small
chance because they're already trapped
in Gaza we think we don't know for sure
so I would say negotiations are nothing
but theater all right the big story the
most alarming story you've probably
heard about is the founder of the
telegram encrypted messaging app has
been arrested in Paris now we don't know
all the details it's a alleged that they
might charge him with terrorism and
fraud the real problem is he didn't
allow
American Spooks to have access to the
back door of the app now if you really
want to know what's going on here you
need to follow Mike Ben benen
and if you're not you're not seeing the
big picture because if you think it's a
little story about this one app and you
know this one founder and maybe they did
or did not do something that was bad
that's not the story this is a symptom
of the real story the real story
is and and I'll give you I'll try to do
like the poor man's version of what Ben
explains
better the fact that the US um e economy
is you know one of the wonders of the
world is really because our military and
our state department control other
countries really successfully not
everyone for example we're obviously not
controlling China or Russia but all the
vast other smaller countries we control
them to the degree that we need their
natural resources or we need them as
markets or something so we couldn't
produce much of anything without having
a really strong relationships with a lot
of countries and the best way to have a
strong relationship with a smaller
country if you're America is to make
sure that your CIA overthrew their
government and put in Friendly
ones so if you imagine that the American
economic engine runs on its own it
doesn't it runs because our government
are really good bastards and they're
doing really sketchy things in other
countries all the time for the benefit
of our Industries now that would also
benefit rich people and people in power
and stuff like that so there there are
lots of common interests but the reality
is that for you to have the American
life that you have it's probably
necessary for people to do some really
sketchy things to other countries and in
other countries and that that's our
basic situation and that would include
to all kinds of collusion and and
cooperation with even European countries
so we're not talking about just you know
small you know African countries we're
talking about serious big countries and
working with them now it seems that
there's a worldwide effort to uh
suppress and ban any kind of app that
would give you free
speech unfortunately as I've said before
there is no kind of government no
dictator no democracy that can really
allow Free
Speech you really can't so if you're a
dictator that's more obvious you can't
allow Free Speech because somebody will
try to take over but what if you're a
democracy well if you're democracy you
can't allow it because uh then the
Communists might use it to take over so
these encrypted apps are how people
organize so if if you're enemies can't
organize to take over your country well
then you can stay in power but it
doesn't matter who you are it doesn't
matter if you're democracy or a dictator
you really can't let your enemies
organize on these apps now if it sounds
like I'm making an argument in favor of
um taking away your freedom of speech
I'm try I'm not trying to I'm trying to
tell you facts so the facts would tell
you what are the odds of your free
speech going away and the the fact is
it's
100% every single government wants your
free speech to go away no exception
there's no such thing well I'm not
entirely sure about El Salvador I mean
there might be some tiny exceptions but
I guarantee you the United States
doesn't want all of us to have free
speech I mean seriously there's no
hyperbole to that that's just the fact
that the government of the United States
could not survive complete free speech
now the way we do it in the United
States is the our so-called news is
completely dominated by unseen Powers so
they can uh brainwash and hypnotize the
public to get what they need so as long
as the public can can be and you can see
it pretty clearly can be almost
immediately brainwashed to believe
anything by majority you know it doesn't
mean everybody gets brainwashed it means
they brainwash enough so that in our
pretend democratic system it looks like
the majority is getting what they want
but of course that's just based on
brainwashing literally brainwashing not
I'm not there's no h probility there
it's just literally brainwashing and by
the way every company every country
needs to brainwash its citizens to
survive every
democracy every dictatorship they do it
differently but it's still massive
brainwashing so The Government Can
Survive it wouldn't otherwise uh no
matter how awesome they are if you had
the most awesome freedom loving um
government it wouldn't last a
year because that freedom would allow
their enemies to organize and there's
always an
enemy so some other country would just
organize their street protests the way
the CIA organizes Street protests and
other places they would uh buy up some
important people bribe them take over
the
country so it's all the same situation
every country that wants to stay a
government the way it is they pretty
much have to take away your free speech
it's just they do it in different ways
in America it seems like they hadn't
been doing it but we didn't realize that
we had been massively brainwashed so
that we weren't really asking for more
we thought we had what we needed weren't
even close weren't even close to having
what we needed in free speech never will
be
anyway um here's what the smart people
say about this telegram founder being
arrested first of all you should know
that Tucker interviewed the founder who
got arrested about a year ago I think
and the founder talked about how the I
believe it was the US FBI had been
working him really hard to incorporate
some code in telegram that would give
them a back
door everything you suspected about
everything is just completely true
so you suspect that there that the uh
encrypted communication apps were all
being compromised by intelligence
agencies yep yeah of course and that
shouldn't surprise you because remember
I just told you they have to they have
to if the United States government
didn't control all of the apps and the
social media programs except for X at
the moment if they didn't they probably
couldn't stay in power it would be that
destabilizing
now so uh I I think we saw from uh was
it Mike Ben who tells us that WhatsApp
and meta are completely compromised and
if you're on WhatsApp so are the feds
and it maybe the deal that uh Zuckerberg
had to make these are the allegations I
don't have any personal knowledge about
it but the allegation is that Zuckerberg
caved to the intellig
State Department
interests and that their platform is
open for our team to look at
it
so um it would look like say the smart
people that arresting this telegram
founder may be a way to threaten Elon
Musk as in you know this could happen to
you because the telegram founder is
charged with I believe not so much doing
things himself that are illegal but not
getting rid of the people on the on the
platform who are doing illegal stuff so
if all it takes is some government to
say you haven't done enough to get rid
of the illegal people so we'll put you
in
jail doesn't that make Elon
Musk
arrestable right
now I think it does I think it makes him
arrestable right now so if I were him
I'm not even sure I would go to another
country right now I mean he's he's a
special case maybe he's not as in in as
much
danger but it doesn't look safe to me
now quite um honestly I wouldn't
travel to most countries right now
because it's totally not safe if you
political in any way and what you say in
public is not popular with with the
government and I would expect that would
be the case my case I would not feel
safe going to Europe at all because I
assume Europe would just work with the
United States and pick me up on some
charge so yeah I don't think
international travel is making much
sense at the
moment and this does seem like a direct
threat to
musk
um so what else um you need to follow up
on Mike Ben for that I'm just going to
recommend him and once you see the full
chilling nature of it it's it's amazing
now the reason I don't describe it to
you is it's really complicated there are
maybe 20 different entities you would
have to understand how they operate and
work with each other and where the
funding comes from maybe it's a hundred
different entities but you would have to
really understand this big complicated
network of you know American state
department and CIA funded cutouts and
Nos and everything and then once you see
it the picture is very clear that they
are a coordinated group to suppress free
speech that seems to be the primary
purpose of most of it is to suppress
Free
Speech they would call it disinformation
but of course that's not what it is now
remember I tell you that if you don't
know the
players everything is conf
using for example did you know that
Steve Jobs Widow Loren Powell is she
owns the Atlantic and apparently some
other media Holdings and uh so the
Atlantic would be the type of
publication that would write about
politics and especially about the
political leaders themselves did you
know that uh K Harris is a close friend
of Loren uh Powell
jobs um so much so that Loren was once
in one of her family
photos at at her 2017 sign uh swearing
in this is according to the maze account
on X that uh when KL Harris was being
sworn in uh she had her family on stage
but also Loren Loren Powell they're so
close that she put her in the family
photo while she was getting sworn in now
if you didn't
know that they're you know best bu
you might read the Atlantic and it'd be
some bad story about Trump and you'd say
wow that Trump is a monster but if you
knew that the publication was the best
friend of the competitor you say oh
never mind why would I pay attention to
that there's a new poll uh Farley
Dickinson University now of course this
is not true but their new poll says
Harris is up 7% over Trump after the
National
Convention now I don't know if they're
oversampling Democrats which is
typically what the fake polls do this
time in the election cycle
probably but there's really no chance
that that's real would you
agree that's that's sort of a zero
chance that that poll is real now if
Tomorrow there's two more polls from
completely different companies that look
similar I would say whoa something
happened but I doubt it you I I mean I
would place a pretty big betat that it's
not real but it's in the
news I don't know if you saw a story
that uh Trump was uh mentioning that he
would be willing to go to a black barber
shop and get a haircut as part of his
campaign and
uh what do you like what do you think
about that idea now you might recognize
that that's an idea that i' floated a
while back but I'm not saying it's
happening because I was pushing that
idea um you know I think uh I think that
came came up
organically but uh how much would you
love
that I mean I would love it so much you
know I'd love it more if he agreed to
have his head
shaved imagine being in a black barber
shop and the black barber says you know
what I got to be
honest you want me to you know be
honest I think I think you ought to go
for the shaved head look you know you're
at you're at that stage where this would
be a good idea what if he took the
advice and sat there and let the black
barber shop shave his head while
casually answering questions about
politics you it would be the most
watched video of all time there would
literally never be a more watched video
in the whole world I I think that would
be number one and now I I think there's
almost no chance anything like that's
going to happen but it's so interesting
to know that it could because he Trump
is really the
only individual I could imagine who
would see that and and take advantage of
it I don't think he will I mean I'd bet
against it but just the fact that that's
possible is just kind of wild I just
love it so as I often say by the
way uh I have a hypothesis of why Trump
doesn't look scary to me and doesn't
look scary to most of you who are
watching this probably or you wouldn't
be here um but does look genuinely scary
to
Democrats and yesterday I was taking a
long walk and it just sort of hit me and
here's what it
is if you did not understand persuasion
and the techniques of persuasion you
would Define everything he's doing as
narcissism and something
evil and I thought holy cow is that all
it is that if you don't know how
persuasion works you think that the show
because he's always putting on a show
you think that the show is some like
Evil dark thing because you wouldn't
have anything to understand it so let me
let me give you uh an example
example
when when Trump tells you that he's you
know the greatest at
something if you saw if you believe that
that was just him being an ordinary
person telling you something he thought
was factually true you'd say to yourself
um what kind of a narcissist are
you right if you're only filter was that
it's an ordinary person talking and they
said great things about themselves
you say
narcissist but if you understood
persuasion and you knew that Trump is
always in always giving a show it's
literally he's putting on a show Once
you understand it that way everything he
does makes sense completely differently
it's just part of the show to say that
he can do everything and he's better at
everything and when when he when he does
things like you know have his doctor say
that he's the healthiest human who ever
lived or
his crowd size is the size of Montana
whatever he says when I hear those
things I just smile I oh there he is
he's he's playing a role he's putting on
a show and his show is directionally
correct almost every time I mean I can't
think of an an exception is does he pass
the fact check no no cuz he's not in
fact check mode he's in show mode when
you're putting on a show you're a little
fast and loose with the facts you might
exaggerate things you might leave
something out you might leave out some
context it's politics a show so when
Trump is putting on the show if you
understand it as a show and you
understand that what he's persuading
toward is just
directionally you know not not in the
detail it's more of a directional thing
then you're fine with it and he doesn't
look like a narcissist he looks like a
good showman and and he's in on his own
joke when he makes fun of his own
haircut and says things like he's more
attractive than KL Harris or things like
that if you didn't know anything about
persuasion and you didn't know he was
trying to put on a show you'd say oh my
God what's wrong with that guy he looks
dangerously
narcissistic so I think the the way the
Democrat leaders and persuaders get away
with the the character attacks is that
their base doesn't understand and that
persuasion is happening and that it's a
show once you do you just enjoy the show
and I think that's where most of you
are all right uh let's talk about
interesting thing with AI there's a
company that makes an AI little agent
you know a little app that's going to
answer questions and do some stuff for
you but apparently instead of sending
you to a useful link it started Rick
Rolling people now rickrolling if you've
never heard that term famous internet
term is where you pretend you're going
to send somebody to some useful
information but instead it goes to a
page featuring a a very old video of
Rick asley singing his 1987 hit Never
Going To Give You Up Now why did that
ever become a wildly popular internet
thing to do I don't
know but it is so it turns out that the
AI was sending customers to a roll to a
Rick Roll uh uh link now why would it do
that well obviously why the llms or the
you know the brains of the AI as we
currently have it looks for pattern
recognition and whatever happens most
often so it's going to complete a
sentence with whatever is the
most common way to complete the sentence
the most apparently on the internet so
many people have been rickrolled that
the llm thought that was the most common
thing to do is to promise you're going
to send them to a real link and send
them to a Rick asley Rick Roll
ring now apparently it's easy to fix you
just put in a line of code that says
don't do that but uh the fact that you
had to put it in the line of code
suggests to me that you were never
really going to have like these little
agent intelligent agents based on the
llm pattern recognition technology
someday there might be something like
AGI that would be a different technology
for intelligence and maybe that could do
it but honestly I spent a lot of hours
trying to make one of those agents
myself and I don't think the technology
can do it I think the the companies
offering it are ahead of the technology
and it's just not there and the problem
is that it's just pattern recognition
and that's too
dangerous anyway the uh UK
the sky is full of acidic gas so
apparently there's this massive sulfur
dioxide Cloud over the UK that's coming
from Iceland because Iceland had these
volcanoes that are going nuts at the
moment so if you're in the UK you can't
walk Outdoors now I think that's
probably God telling the UK to off
for trying to ruin uh free speech and
destroy their country so listen to God
God's trying to get it done
speaking of
God makes me think of RFK
Jr I I'm fascinated by the fact that
even God tried to shut that guy up and
here I'm talking about his voice issues
that he had they're better now he did
some kind of process that improved it to
the point where he could run for
president but
literally you know you could say
nature but you know most of you would
prefer the god model God tried to shut
him the up and
failed and then the Democrats tried to
shut him
up well here's the thing if God couldn't
shut him up what good are the Democrats
going to do well they're going to fail
God couldn't get it done so if God can't
do it and the entire Democrat Party
can't shut up RFK Jr I think he's meant
to be
here there there there's something that
feels like fate or around that guy that
just feels very genuine there there's
something right about where we are
meaning that he has completely changed
um our priorities for some of us to
understand that we got to fix the food
and the medicine situation and we really
have to somebody asked me uh like how
would you do it like what would be the
mechanism does he have any way to
actually fix that stuff and the answer
is actually yes yes he does because if
you got got rid of conflict of interest
made sure the free market worked added
some
transparency a few other things that are
fairly easy to figure out such as there
are about a thousand different chemicals
that are legal in American food that if
you were in Europe they'd say uhuh you
know you're not going to use any of
these thousand they're either
discouraged or illegal in Europe so
there's fairly quick ways to get to a
lot of stuff you could just say
okay we're going to be like Europe and
you can't put stuff in there unless
we're really sure it's good for you so I
can't say enough about how awesome the
RFK
Jr Twist on on the world
is what I feel like is RFK Jr just
ripped a hole in the fabric of
reality I'm I don't think I've ever seen
anybody make that much difference in
that little time you know that that
whole one person can't change anything
that's so
wrong so wrong I like to remind people
of this all the time as soon as you
think one person can't make a
difference you have to understand that
it's always one
person it's just always one person there
one person who's willing to take a
bullet that's what it takes and RFK Jr
is willing to take a bullet do you know
who else is willing to take a bullet to
help the country Trump he literally did
it once already and he's still in it so
you got RFK Jr who is willing to
campaign without full Secret Service
protection as a Kennedy the most
dangerous thing you could ever do Trump
willing to take a bullet twice once he
did and now he's at it again and then
you you throw Elon Musk into the mix do
you think Elon Musk is unaware of his
danger no he's not he's got he's got
security so you got three men on the
same team at the moment who all are
willing to take a
bullet like literally not not even any
there's no hyperbole here those are
three men who very publicly very
obviously very you know 100% sure have
have set themsel up in the situation
where they don't want to take a bullet
obviously but they're
willing now let's compare that to KLA
Harris doesn't look the same to me inde
I think k Harris wants uh Trump to take
a bullet and RFK Jr to take a bullet and
maybe must too so that she can be
president so that's
opposite you got three people who would
take a bullet and one person who really
wouldn't mind if you took that bullet
because it would put her in the
presidency there's no way these are
similar they're just not similar they're
opposites well there's a study from the
lomalinda University Health Group saying
that pescatarian diets are the best for
reducing death in the elderly now they
were studying the elderly in particular
I guess but they said if you're eating
fish and vegetables and limited to that
that you've got the best risk of living
you know best longevity do you believe
that does that uh does that study sound
credible to you
here's the first thing you should have
known it wasn't a randomized controlled
trial with a
placebo do you think there's a placebo
of fish that they fed half of them all
right some of you will re will eat an
actual pescatarian diet some of you will
be eating Placebo fish no no that it's
not a randomized controlled test in
science the randomized controlled trial
gets you the closest you can get to
what's real and then only if it's
repeatable it still has to be repeatable
to be really confident that something is
going on there and it has to be has to
sort out quation from correlation here's
what's wrong with this study it's not a
randomized controlled trial that's the
first thing but number two what is there
about people who have a pescatarian diet
let's see who could we ask
Scott Scott can you tell me why you have
a pescatarian diet okay it's because I
decided that I would adjust my lifestyle
in all domains toward whatever seems
like it would be the healthiest oh Scott
so are you saying that choosing a
pescatarian diet is not because you like
the flavor of it it's only because
you're doing hard things to be healthy
as science suggests yes that is correct
so is that the only thing you're doing
to stay healthy no that would be stupid
stupid I also do weight resistant
training oh okay why do you do that well
because I'm the kind of person who will
look at the science and decide to have a
pescatarian diet and then I'll look at
the science and decide that lifting
weight and resistance training is good
for me oh and there's a study showing
that again too do you do anything else
yes I make sure I get enough vitamin D
and if I don't I've had my blood tested
and then I supplement oh oh well that's
good do you eat a lot of candy because
I'm not sure the pescatarians would care
if you ate Candy no I don't because the
science says that's bad for me and I
could go on and on and on but here's the
thing pescatarians pick healthy healthy
other Lifestyles so the science is not
reliable let's talk about uh the voting
the Ohio Secretary of State said he's
found 597 noncitizens are registered to
vote and 138 have already voted I guess
that would be the mail in votes now you
might say 597 is not many but if 138 of
597 are voted it does suggest that maybe
the non-citizens are going to be more of
a factor maybe not in that state but
that there's some massive intention that
they vote now of the 138 noncitizens who
voted how many of those do you think
were actually the actual non-citizen who
filled out the mail and ballot I'm going
to say almost
none so this would suggest prove really
in my my opinion this is proof that
there is a concered effort probably
organized to collect the ballots of
non-citizens and inject them into the
into the system now maybe I'm getting
ahead of myself but I would cancel the
election based on this
I would just cancel it and I would say
oh it looks like we can't run an
election under these conditions so we
need to
rejigger what an election is probably go
back to paper ballots forget about the
mail and stuff and except for you know
the people who can't be there like
military and shut-ins and stuff like
that but how many signals do you need
that the system isn't working if this
were the only thing then I'd say oh okay
we're good enough but you know it's not
going to be the only thing you know that
this is the beginning of a long list of
well this happened and that happened in
our voter roles and blah blah
blah I don't think there's any chance
that the losing team is going to accept
the election this time so I'll double
down and triple down on that
prediction but you want to know some
good news there's an organization called
the fair election fund and they're going
to pay large amount ounts to election
whistleblowers H if you're an election
whistleblower you should know that the
fair election fund and you can just
Google them not too hard to find uh they
plan to spend $5 million vetting and
paying
whistleblowers with a focus on pole
workers and
observers but also voter any voter who
documents fraud can qualify as
well now does that sound like an idea
you've heard
before it was one of the things I was
suggesting now it doesn't mean that my
suggestion is why they're doing it I'm
not saying that it could be it's just an
obvious thing so obvious things end up
happening but here's what I like about
it if you announce it ahead of
time then anybody who's going to cheat
almost everybody who cheats if if you
assume that there's any cheating in
elections at all if you assume it
happens your probably assuming that
there's almost always an
accomplice I feel like it it would be
hard for one person to pull off cheating
but if you had accomplices like even if
you were if you were a ballot collector
like if you were harvesting ballots
there would be at least a few people who
knew about it do you think there's any
ballot Harvester who has never told one
person and that even the people who were
getting harvested couldn't tell it was a
ballot Harvester
everybody Who's Cheating an election
probably has some
witnesses now here's the cool
part most of those Witnesses would not
become
whistleblowers but if they're looking at
you know getting a quarter of a million
dollars for a really good one I don't
know what the actual awards
are it would be hard to trust your
accomplice wouldn't it so what's
beautiful about this is that it's
organized and promoted before the
election which means that all of the
accomplices have to look at each other
and say if we cheated in the election
maybe we get paid our you know $5,000 or
whatever we're getting paid because
probably they're getting
paid but if we if we do that and make
the
$5,000 this guy sitting right next to me
could make a quarter of a million
dollars by sending me to jail and I
don't know him that
well this could really change
the nature of what happens in the next
few months so keep an eye on that um I
would wait to see if uh if this
organization is vetted though so if you
see Laura Trump maybe she looks into it
maybe she says you know this looks solid
to me uh then I would really think he
had
something but uh I'd probably wait to
get a little bit more vetting on
them CU I don't know who's behind it or
how they got
funded um apparently according to Robbie
Starbuck the Department of Homeland uh
security um has just put out its uh
strategic plan for the next several
years do you know what their number one
goal is and the Strategic plan and the
Department of Homeland Security whose
primary job is to keep you safe yeah
it's Dei and ESG so it's not to protect
America it's to uh make sure that
American can GI be I guess now uh this
does this does assume that Department of
Homeland Security will become
increasingly
incompetent um because of Dei now not
because any diverse people are less good
at doing things has nothing to do with
the people it's just the system and it
would have an artificial uh artificial
goal of getting more diversity and
whenever you have a distorting goal
that's more important than doing your
main mission it's going to be bad so
we're seeing that the country is
suffering a mass incompetence problem
everywhere I think Dei is probably most
of that um not all of it some of it may
have to do with young people not being
prepared Etc but de is probably most of
the incompetence in the United States
right now and if you're new to me it's
not because and any specific person's
got bad genes or any group is bad or any
any gender is better or worse or any
race is better or worse has nothing to
do with any of that has nothing to do
with e
genes it has to do with the system and
if the system is designed to
artificially need people from a group
that isn't big enough to give everybody
a highly qualified uh candidate they're
still going to go for the diversity so
it means they'll lower their standard so
what we should see on paper the way it's
designed is massive incompetence in
every element of American life you
should see that that's very predictable
and sure enough that you all observe it
happening but some companies are
rebranding such as uh let's see
Activision and blizzard got a lot of
heat for their Dei stuff so it looks
like the the accusation is that they're
just going to keep doing their Dei stuff
but they're going to call it another
name so they can keep doing
it huh so Robbie starbu is a activist
he's being an I mean he didn't start out
that way but he's being an activist on
this Dei stuff and uh companies are
rebranding it to call us something else
to get out of the
heat well that happens to be exactly the
topic of a Dilbert comic strip this week
where uh Dilbert's company is going to
come under Fire from a uh internet
activist called Robbie Starbuck so
Robbie Starbuck doesn't know yet but
he's going to be appearing in the
Dilbert comic I think it's this
week and uh Dilbert's company will come
under Fire from Robbie Starbuck and what
will they do they will get rid of their
Dei program no they won't they'll just
change the
name just like everybody
else um
did you know that Mongolia has a really
good uh birth rate way better way better
than almost everyone else in the world
and do you know why Mongolians are
having lots of kids and other places
like the United States are are below
replacement value well we don't know all
the reasons but there's one obvious
reason that's jumping out apparently in
Mongolia and I learned this from an
account on X called more births it's all
one word more birth
uh and apparently it's an account that
follows you know what what creates
higher levels of
repopulation and uh apparently for the
last 68 years Mongolian leaders have be
been giving out like government Awards
the order of maternal glory to
mothers so the country did a massive
campaign to brainwash the citizens again
brainwashing is pretty much Universal if
you're a government
to brainwash the citizens and to believe
in the motherhood was among the highest
levels of achievement in life so that
and and apparently if you have four kids
if you're a Mongolian mother and you
have four kids the president will
personally give you an award
personally just try to hold that in your
head that if you have four
kids the the president of Mongolia shows
up and gives you an award
personally CU because they're so happy
that you could have four kids they're
they're so big on motherhood if you have
six kids it gets Wilder like you you get
you're like a National Treasure now if
we treated American Mothers as National
Treasures for having you know at least
replacement number of kids do you think
we would be more of
it well American culture is so different
that I don't know if you make that tweak
you know we we've got a lot going on so
I don't know if you could just make that
tweak in America but the the larger
point is the incentives work if you
incentivize a thing you're going to get
more of it in the United States as I've
said a number of times you know what are
the forces working against people having
more babies and the answer is
everything 100% of everything happening
in the United States is anti-ab you know
we're worried about the the climate
change in the future and the you know
the pollution is killing us all and our
food supply is making us unable to have
babies and we're all overweight and
obese and you know we're social media
makes us hate each other and the
Democrats and the Republicans won't even
date and there the economy is so bad you
couldn't possibly have a child and also
take care of yourself and I could go on
and on and on and on you know Tik Tok
makes you look like a star for not
having a baby Bill Maher just did a
monologue about being single and loving
it and how awesome it is
so we got a lot of work to do if we want
to have babies maybe we'll just go to
robots and we don't
care but elevating the status of mothers
seems pretty important so speaking of
Bill Mah uh he said on his show that he
just found out the project 2025 being
attributed to Trump was a
hoax he just found out
hold that in your
head he just found out he he's one of
the main people who talks about politics
and teaches both Democrats and sometimes
others uh how the world works and he
just found
out that it's a hoax that Trump didn't
write it and that there are things in it
that he disowns completely
indirectly and then he went through it
and said well oh there's this this one
part where wants to do a federal ban on
abortion and bill moris says oh that
that might happen no that might not
happen Trump is completely against that
that might not happen no and and
genuinely against it you know as I've
said before if you were to look at the
totality of what Trump has done in terms
of women's bodily autonomy he said keep
me out of
it he he's doing in every way he's the
opposite doesn't want to mess with birth
control doesn't want to have a federal
ban doesn't want the Supreme Court to be
in charge of the women's bodies wants
the states to do it which essentially
moves it further from him Trump is very
consistent in saying leave me out of
this and leave the president out of it
and somehow the brainwashing is so good
that they can turn that into Trump wants
the opposite of what he wants
and the entire party including Bill Mah
believed it so amazing but uh so now
Bill m is found out that uh I I think he
said that he knows that the fine people
hoax is a hoax he knows that the uh
January 6 thing I think it was Megan
Kelly who informed him on live on a not
live but on a podcast that his
understanding that only the Republicans
doubted elections was complet completely
false and that there's there's a whole
you know whole compilation clips of
Democrats doubting the election when
Trump got elected he wasn't aware of
that that it's completely normal for the
losing party to say the election was
rigged that's pretty important if you
think the January 6 thing was an
Insurrection that's really important so
so I wonder if there's a breaking
point now I think Bill Maher has maybe
some personal feelings about Trump they
go beyond politics but I feel like
there's got to be a breaking point where
once you realize that you have been
hoaxed by the same team over and over
again and that it's not coming from
Republicans in other
words is there a republican hoax I mean
I don't even know if there are any so it
makes me wonder if if there are all
these cracks in the wall you know the
brainwashing wall of
propaganda if there are enough cracks
could it just
fall I feel like the uh the Kennedy
Revelations about what the Democrats
were doing to deny him you know any
shot I feel like that woke a bunch of
people
up and it seems to me that everybody's
got a different you know a different
breaking point if they've seen enough
hoaxes and realized that they've been
hoaxed we might be getting close to it
and I don't know that you could see
yourself getting close to it
but it feels
like uh reality reality is about to
dissolve it feels like especially what
Kennedy did that the entire fake
understanding of the world we're in it
might just crumble all at once it looks
still solid at the moment but it would
be more like a window you know it's okay
until it's not if it if it grumbles it's
just going to fall apart at the same
time which could be
destabilizing it's not necessarily good
in the first moment so I would look for
maybe a gigantic mental um almost mental
illness that comes out of realizing what
has been done to you now most Democrats
will never know that they're the
subjects of massive brainwashing
operation and everybody is really not
just Democrats but uh we're getting
close and then now we find out that
there's a new Russia hoax so HR McMaster
has some kind of book Memoir Wall Street
Journal is quoting one one of the
sentences from it that they pulled out
so this is the headline sentence in the
story about HR McMaster Memoir quote I
cannot understand Putin's hold on Trump
well there it is so McMasters was the
guy that the people who knew more than I
did at the very beginning of the Trump
Administration said watch out for that
guy
that guy's that guy's broken you know's
he's not on Trump's team he just looks
like he is and I don't know about that
but I do know that if he's pushing
another Russia collusion hoax in his
Memoir he's not one of the good guys
because that's not
cool meanwhile Elon Musk warns us that
Chuck Schumer's plan which he said out
loud apparently is that uh if the
Democrats get control of the house and
the Senate they will do away with the
filibuster at least for non-financial
stuff which would mean uh and
specifically he wanted to get a couple
things through what was it the uh
passing the Voting Rights bill and
abortion reg legislation so I guess that
would be legislation to make it legal
everywhere now as uh Elon Musk points
out that if they if they got control of
both
houses and then they also got rid of the
filibuster that the Democrats would have
the power to form a one- party system in
the country forever because they could
just keep passing
laws that favor Democrats in every way
that they could think of until it became
impossible for a republican to win an
election
right I mean you could you could easily
imagine that there'd be a whole host of
laws that they could pass that just had
one purpose to make sure they stayed in
power so yes that is a gigantic risk so
there was a survey I saw online little
graph of America's trust in mass media
which is very different by parties so
the Democrats 73% of them trust mass
media those poor
Bastards
73% of Democrats think the news is real
73% I think the news is real the news
hasn't been real maybe ever but
certainly not real now Independents
36% think they can trust the mass media
Republicans
10% what would explain that only 10% of
Republicans trust the media and 73% of
Democrats
do
well um my hypothesis I've told you
before is that I think all conservatives
and Republicans see both sides because
they're going to see the mainstream
message because you can't miss it it's
just everywhere and then they're going
to go to Fox News and breitbard and
they're going to come to my podcast and
then they're going to see the other side
if you see both
sides it's hard to trust the mass media
let's go back to Bill Mars's um learning
on his own apparently he did his own
research and found out that the 2020
project 2025 thing was a fake basically
it wasn't it wasn't a trump document
like he thought it was now if he had
been a republican would he have known
that already yes he
would pretty close to all Republicans
know that Trump was not involved with
the project 2025
thing why do they know that well first
they watched the the mainstream media
Esa Trump did it and then they went to
the regular news and turned on Fox News
and said no he didn't do that here's
Trump denying he did it here's the
people who did it they did have a they
have strong connection in the Republican
party and Trump but it's their own work
now everybody who saw the news on both
sides knew the truth everybody if you
saw both sides you you did know for sure
that it wasn't
trumps so that that's probably the whole
Story the whole story is that one side
is siloed so that the brainwashing is
super effective and one side is not
siloed what about the 10% of Republicans
who trust the mass
media I think that's people who check
the wrong
box 10% is roughly the number of people
who thought they were answering the
wrong
question right if you took 10 people and
asked them any simple question let's
it's just a simple question nine of them
might say oh okay here's the simple
answer one of them would misunderstand
the question and answer opposite of
their own opinion because that's people
10% of people are idiots about
everything so when I see 10% of
Republicans trust the media I don't
think they do I don't think there're are
10% of Republicans who trust the media I
think there might be 10% who answered
the question wrong because they misheard
it
they had a hearing problem maybe
something like
that anyway I would say that there's
another reason or root cause and I'm
just going to put that out there why
would it
be that um so many Democrats would not
even be willing to sample Fox News just
as an example of an
alternative here's my hypothesis I think
it has to do with the personalities on
Fox News now I'm not talking about all
of them so I'm going to make a
distinction if you watch the five and
probably also
Gutfeld um I think that they have a
pretty good Democrat
viewership the reason because all the
characters are
fun the you know geld and his little
crew and the crew of The Five they're
just fun people so you wouldn't mind
watching it because it's a fun show and
it's well produced people will watch fun
shows with interest people that's well
produced when they don't disagree with
them even when they disagree with them
want me to want to hear an example okay
me watching Bill Mar show right perfect
example why do I watch his show because
he's interesting character who has
interesting characters on and it's a
Well produced show that's all it took
but imagine you're uh imagine you're you
know strong Democrat and you're flipping
through the channels and Hannity comes
on
now I think Hannity is really talented
he's got amazing talent stack He's Got
Talent across you know a number of
different domains that you know is the
reason he gets paid so much but if he's
your exposure to Fox
News you know he he's a bit of a
off-putting character if he's saying
things you don't agree with and also
with arrogance now arrogance would be
maybe what they would see it's not
necessarily what I see when I watch it
when I watch it I see him putting on a
show so I mean the show is a show I
don't see arrogance when I see a show I
see a show same with Trump so it doesn't
hit me that way so I can watch him and
say oh this is interesting different
spin but I can definitely understand why
if you're flipping through the channels
and you run on you know gelder the five
you say oh these are fun people well
produced funny stuff I'll watch
this that could be it I mean it could
could come down to a few personalities
are are the channel Turners for the
Democrats anyway and I'm not making any
suggestion that Fox News make any
changes I'm no expert on TV programming
you know hity has a huge audience I
wouldn't I wouldn't fix something that's
working anyway I saw there was some
little uh disagreement between RFK Jr
and
olberman and the funny thing is blocked
by olberman so I couldn't see what
olberman said first but the only thing I
saw and it's even funnier that I don't
know what the it's a response to but uh
Kennedy posted back on X toberman again
not knowing what I don't know what
alberman said because I'm blocked but
Kennedy said quote you were never my
friend now I so want to know what
Overman said that RFK Jr the most polite
guy
in all of politics at the moment you
know with the exception of his running
mate who's super polite um that he would
say that toberman in public you were
never my friend did alberman say he used
to be friends with
him you were never my friend that's a
really harsh thing to say isn't it if
you're running for president and and
you're really the nicest most honest guy
and you just go after this one
you were never my friend
I just love that
slapdown
anyway
um if you wondered how powerful
propaganda
is there's never been a better example
than taking a KL Harris from the least
favorable politician even for Democrats
and making her the superstar in just two
weeks or whatever it was now you've seen
the charts where her unfavorability was
high and her favorability was low and
then suddenly it went Z and and and they
closed like in two weeks now some of it
is just people who are anti-trump and
they finally got somebody who could
survive the election so so Biden was a
special case he wasn't a Democrat he was
a dying guy so you can see how whoever
it was would get people excited but did
that really change their impression of
her as a person it when from unfavorable
to
favorable oh here's somebody's posting
thank you Keith obman said to my old
friend Robert Kennedy Jr you're an
effing anti-American
disaster to my old friend and then
Kennedy says you're never my
friend okay that that's sort of what I
assumed he was responding to but that
that that is
I don't know it's just kind it perfect
just too
perfect anyway that's a lot of
propaganda the only thing I was going to
add is when you look at the extent of
the movement it looks like 20% of people
changed
instantly and as a hypnotist I've often
told you this 20% of the public can be
hypnotized very quickly to believe
anything and it's very consistent it's
around 20% so if you're you know intr
producing a new candidate or whatever
80% of the people are going to be doing
whatever they were going to do right 80%
were going to vote the way they were
going to vote and you could change on
the candidate and it wouldn't make any
difference but
20% can absolutely be changed from yes
to no to from up to down almost
instantly with propaganda and
brainwashing and when you look at the
number of people who went from you know
KL Harris unfavorable to Z and closed
the gap
it looked like it was about that 20% of
the
Democrats so so it very much looked like
the hypnosis worked as hypnosis does on
20% right away but didn't make much of
any difference to the 80% which is
exactly what a hypnotist
expects California of course is a uh
useless hellhole and you should never
open a business or buy a house here and
believe me I am serious about that
because you can't get insurance for
either one and the the the laws are just
too dangerous I mean it's just not a
place you want to open a business or or
buy a home at the moment um getting
Insurance here is nearly impossible if
you did it's it's priced Beyond any
reasonable you know any reasonable
market rate but the California insurance
people say they're going to maybe do
some major California insurance reforms
to attract
insurers now do you think that the
California insurance people whoever
whoever is working that do you think
that they have good ideas that will turn
around this situation so that people
like me can get affordable
Assurance
well maybe before Dei caused a massive
incompetence crisis I would have said
there's a good chance this could happen
I'm glad the people are working on
fixing it because they all recognize
it's broken
my current view is that California is
probably a Dei garbage bit again has
nothing to do with any individuals or
their genes or the chromosomes has
nothing to do with your culture your
color or your gender nothing to do with
that Dei is a State killer it's
a country killer if you let it but it's
definitely a state killer and it's
because the pool of applicants is too
small at the moment and might be because
of systemic racism but it's too small
and if you hire him anyway which you
know is how it works in the real world
you can have massive
incompetence so what are the odds that
are California insurance experts or a
bunch of people who are hired for their
capabilities and their qualifications
and their Merit almost none almost none
so without knowing anything about who's
involved your highest likelihood well
well into the
80% range it say full of unqualified
people not because their race not
because of their gender not because of
their sexual preference just because the
system guarantees it if you don't have
enough diversity and you want
it well the Navy is saying that they've
SE they've sidelined 17 ships because
they can't get enough uh
people uh they just don't have enough uh
volunteers for the military for the Navy
to run their they're mostly Merchant
Vehicles so they would be the ones
Merchant Marines are the ones that
supply all the other ships um they don't
have enough
people so they they just can't run as
much supplies as they'd like they ran
into people now yesterday I told you
that the Navy ran into
pants which is the funniest story I
didn't even want to know the details of
why I just love the fact that our Navy
ran out
pants to me that's just hilarious well
we're going to still send them to
fight but they're going to be pantless
now do you know who used to fight
without
pants the Vikings yeah uh I know this is
true because it sounded funny when I
read it and that's how I judge history
is that history funny yes it is well
therefore I believe it now I don't know
if any real historians say this but I'm
pretty sure I read somewhere that the
Vikings would get so aroused by battle
that they would run naked and fully
erect into their
battles now I would not want to be fully
erect running into a sword
battle I mean say no more but uh
reportedly that happened so I think
maybe we have that possibility with our
we'll just send him out pantless and
aroused and see what
happens I don't see how that could go
wrong but why do you think there's such
a shortage in the Navy well huh why
would there be a shortage in the
Navy what could cause that could it be
because if you're white joining the me
military is the dumbest thing
you could ever do that's right if you're
white and you join the military and the
military is all about the Dei
you're
stupid right I mean I'd hate to think
that that's your best option I mean let
me revise that if it's your best option
it's your best option and that would be
true for a lot of people but if you
don't have to go in the military and
you're white and you're
male why would you put yourself in the
very worst place for you to succeed you
are the one that they're going to hold
back they're they're going to directly
discriminate against you you'd be crazy
to join the military or any big company
that has
Dei or Dei By Any Other Name Activision
you know who I'm talking to and that
ladies and gentlemen brings us to the
conclusion of my prepared remarks and
that means I'm going to go talk
privately to the to the wonderful people
in uh my subscription locals Group which
by the way we have the most fun time in
our man caves hanging out and uh lot lot
a lot of us don't have a lot of human
contact so it's fun to hang out with
each other in the evening so if you'd
like to be part of that if you're
feeling
lonely I can help solve that a little
bit and uh thanks for joining on X and
YouTube and
Rumble uh I've got some news coming up
about the Dilbert calendar for 2025 it's
not ready yet but we're really close and
it's going to be fun when I tell you
about it wait for
that all right coming to locals only
privately in 30
seconds
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e