[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody could even imagine
well and today only I'd like to read the
simultaneous sip in oldtime radio voice
are you ready oldtime radio
voice all you need is a cup of Monk or a
glass a take gels or sign a can Junger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee
that's old timey radio join me now for
the unparallel pleasure of the dopamine
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and wow your day is
already looking up
go so
good so amazing good
well I know you're here to hear about uh
the debate last night and we will
definitely get to that but we need some
pallet cleansers first this would be
news that's not terribly important but
it might be fun for example the LAPD
deployed a robot dog during a standoff
with a per who was on a
bus the fun part about this story is you
know that the perp trador on a bus he
must have been armed and the police are
trying to get him off but he won't get
off and then you see the little robot
dog do
do and by the way that's that's what the
dog hums to itself I think we don't hear
it out loud but I feel like the dog when
it's walking the robot dog is going
something
like cuz robot dogs don't care about
much they're just happy all the
time anyway the robot dog just goes
walks over and it walks up the stairs of
the bus and as soon as the robot dog is
on the bus the perpetrator is like I'm
out I'm out I did not count on robot dog
I had everything worked out in my mind
shoot out did not count on robot
dog so robot dog appears to be a good
strategy for the police one big success
so far and it makes me want to get a
robot dog maybe maybe my dog Snickers
could have a little friend little robot
dog cuz a robot dog would be just
exactly the right thing for for home
defense can you imagine you know if you
have a two-story house as I do and
you're up you're upstairs and bed and
then there's an
intruder but downstairs there's a robot
dog who immediately spots the Intruder
and challenges it and Rings your phone
up in your
bedroom who who would stay around if
they ran into a robot
dog let me seriously you're a robber and
you come into a house and a robot dog
comes up to you you're going to leave
really fast I mean a real dog will make
people leave but a robot dog would scare
the out of me I would be out of
there so
fast well I asked a funny question on uh
Twitter that you should go take a look
at the comments I said uh have any of
you men ever been conned into revealing
your feelings and vulnerabilities to a
romantic partner if so at what age do
you did you learn it was the world's uh
second worst advice you know the first
worst advice being be yourself and the
third worst advice was follow your
passion but right there at number two uh
is uh showing your feelings to your
romantic partner if you're a man and oh
my God you have to read the number of
men who believe they destroyed
relationships simply by being honest and
the other man is like nope we learn we
learned that trick you know uh and I
have to admit as a young man I thought
that it might be a positive to reveal my
feelings and now it just was
funny it It's like I had no idea what
even a woman
was I was so
unprepared uh so if there's anything I
can tell the young people watching this
don't Reveal Your inner vulnerabilities
and your
feelings to your romantic partner unless
you want it to end immediately you that
the the comments of men who said and I
watched the love like disappear from her
[Laughter]
eyes all right so that's your advice for
the day do not reveal your feelings if
you're a
man here's some good news there's
actually a pill that's a lung cancer
curing pill that has like amazing
results um I guess in a test it uh show
it reduced the 5-year risk of recurring
cancer by up to
73% so that these are people who had
their cancer treated and it was a 73%
reduction in it coming
back wow wow and up to a uh and the risk
of death was reduced by
51% there's a pill that reduced lung
cancer death by 50
% holy
cow you know there's there's a weird
thing happening in the world right
now I'm getting a important question
here in all caps aren't you going to rub
your peen over a
the well yes I will I will I will be
uh thanks for asking um I'm glad I
interrupted this for that but anyway one
one of the things that happening I think
is you know how it's always the darkest
before the
dawn doesn't it feel to you like
everything's going
wrong but at the same time if you were
to look forward one year the most likely
outcome one year from
now doesn't everything look
good isn't it weird literally everything
looks bad at the moment just everything
honestly everything looks bad
but one year from now if you didn't do
anything different if all you did is
straight line one year from
now a lot of things would look a lot
better we'll talk about some of them but
this is one I mean here we're all you
know we're all in in our day and
Sciences out there are curing lung
cancer like one of one of the biggest
scourges of you know human existence we
just took a big bite out of that I say
we like I had something to do with
it Steven Crowder says that the
Whistleblower on that Nashville
Manifesto uh has not been identified and
the Seven police officers who were
suspended are not The Whistleblower so
apparently not only uh has that
Manifesto not been released which was
sketchy but great you know Crowder
somehow got a copy of part of it but
apparently the Nashville PD is punishing
the wrong people for
it so Nashville PD has some explaining
to do but uh interesting the Crowder
says they didn't get the right
person um here's some maybe good news
maybe not but I but I love it anyway so
Mitt Romney who's not going to be
running for reelection and Joe Mansion
Who famously sometimes crosses over from
Democrat to Republican leaning policies
uh got together and they want to propose
a fiscal commission to reign in the
national
debt
now remember I told you everything's bad
at the moment but almost everything
looks better in a year would it be a
good thing to have a national debt
commission probably I mean it's better
than doing nothing you know I can't
guarantee that they would produce
something that would you know be a
benefit probably they run into the same
problems everybody would but it's not
nothing and and I have to give uh give
some attention to Mitt Romney he's not
running for
reelection but he wants to take on the
hardest problem in the country the the
debt problem is the hardest problem now
you know what I would love for somebody
somebody to work on the debt
problem somebody who doesn't need to get
reelected somebody who is a fin
Financial brilliant guy that's what mid
robney is and somebody that you can't
tell is a Republican or Democrat
sometimes you know they call him a
rhino
so here's what I love about
this and this is sort of a shout out to
Mormons I really love the Mormon
culture I really think honestly that
Mitt Romney only wants to do this
because it's the right thing to
do like I don't I don't see a play do
you does he make money off of this no
way does he get reelected he's not
running it's kind of a brilliant play so
um you know maybe it's like a long-term
play to run for president or something
but I don't think so because if you're
if you're working on debt reduction
you're making half of the country ha
your guts and that's not going to change
so um and and Mansion you know shows his
value to the country again just by being
willing to not be always a team player
very valuable very smart so I love
everything about that now if I had to
guess I don't think it will produce a
result but that's even more uh that's
even more
admirable somebody taking on something
that looks almost like a suicide mission
still willing to do
it give me give me some more of that
I I like the attitude more than I like
the potential for a solution do you do
you know what the right solution
is every budget cut 2% a
year that's it do you think that
wouldn't work yeah it would work it
would work because you'd have an entire
year to save
2% everybody could do that and then the
next year you're like oh I can't do
another 2% but you'd have a whole year
year to figure out how to do it you're
going to have robots and Ai and
automation yeah you do it if you've ever
uh here's some experience for
you I used to be the the budget guy for
uh big bank and I would be the one who
would tell them you know what the budget
was and how much it was going up and I
would collect their little inputs and
put them all together and then I would
show them to my boss and it would be a
Bottoms Up budgeting process so every
manager would have to say uh forget
about what I had last year if I were to
start from scratch and you know
reconstitute my group from scratch this
is what I would need so that that's a
good that's what V wants to do he wants
to have a bottomup process where
everybody justifies every part of their
expense every year you don't you don't
just get another 10% because you said
you need it right so that's good fiscal
Discipline Do you know how that works in
practice now remember
uh I'm endorsing VI
ramaswami and now I'm going to criticize
his his
idea yeah just so just so you think I
have some independent
thought so the idea is uh zero based
budgeting that V's idea which is you
have to defend your budget every year in
detail now doesn't that sound like a
good idea compared to hey I need 10%
more but you know forget the details
right much better here's how that works
in practice because that used to be my
job at a big company I would make the
well it wasn't you know wasn't my orders
but the uh departments had to do zerob
based budgeting they had to collect it
up and give it to me and then I had to
take it to the boss so I get all this
zero base budgeting and I take it to the
boss whose final decision it is what do
you think he
did do you think he looked at all of the
arguments of all the Departments and
each of the projects and then figured
out which one is Justified and which one
wasn't no how how could he do do you
think he knew enough about each of the
every asset that was involved in every
project no do you know what he
did I'll give you an impression of how
he
talked okay very good very
good go back and tell everybody to cut
their Bud by
10% and I said
what he goes yeah that's how much money
we're going to have so cut everybody's
budget by
10% and I said well yeah let me explain
maybe you've forgotten that I went back
and found you know caused them to work
in detail to figure out what they needed
and now this is the thing so cutting 10%
is irrational and then my boss said they
they can do it just tell them to cut it
10% and I like really sheepishly go back
to each of the department managers I'm
like he says cut it 10% what did every
one of them say oh my God my God there's
no way I can cut a 10% there's no way
you go back and tell them that I just
can't do it I've already cut it 20%
compared to what it should be I mean
I've already used fiscal discipline just
to get it down to them
there's no way no way in any world that
I can cut it
10% so I go back to the boss and I say
he can't says he can't do it just can't
be
done what's the boss
say
calmly yeah just tell them to do
it that's it so I went back and told
them all to do it said yeah it's not
negotiable apparently just got it 10%
how many of them
succeeded all of them all of them you I
mean on average all of them now during
the year people would negotiate for a
little more for a good reason or
something like that but basically yeah
they all cut it 10% it was fine now that
that lesson has stayed with me forever
anytime you have a big complicated
budget about anything you can cut it
10% so cutting it 2% a year and then
just keep going 2% 2% 2% would be exact
ly the kind of discipline you'd want
so I like VI asking them to justify
their budget because that makes them go
through the process of understanding all
of its parts because even the person in
charge of the sub budget doesn't always
know all the parts so if they have to
really work on you know what is what
isn't by the time the order comes down
to cut the budget well they know all
their parts and they've ranked them
already so it's it's not as hard they go
well damn it I really wanted this new
thing but I can live another year
without
it so uh V is absolutely right that they
should do the the bottoms up but then
when he gets his top number he should
just tell him to cut it and and that'll
work that will work I don't know if this
debt commission will work but V's plan
would absolutely
work all
right
uh I Dr Drew on gutfeld's uh show
Gutfeld
exclamation and they were talking about
you know Mass hyeran politics and
cognitive dissonance and stuff and
listening to Dr Drew talk sort of just
matter of factly about the masses areas
that we think are politics and he talked
about Sam Harris somewhat matter of
factly like it's obvious to all of us
and it is I think that Sam Harris is
just descending in into cognitive
distance that was Dr Drew's phrase and
it's really really obvious that he's
descending into cognitive distance I
think everybody can see it
uh but my only point about this is that
we've gotten to the point where we're
talking casually about the intersection
between mental illness and political
opinion which I feel like is a step
forward again my large theme that
everything's bad at the moment but a
year from now everything looks better
and I think it's a major major step in
our understanding of our environment and
therefore ability to fix it if you can
have somebody who understands this world
you know a medical professional of note
who who can tell you yeah this is not
politics how important is that to know
what is politics and what is mental
health it's super important
I would argue it's among the most
important things we have to get right so
simply the fact that somebody with a you
know National reputation medical
background can speak matter of factly
about yeah this person is having
probably a psychological experience that
is independent from any political
opinion and you should treat it that way
I feel like if we could learn to do that
more
accurately it it's just a huge step
forward
for example um modeling this idea you
you already know I've told you this that
a lot of the trolls that I respond to
now I ask them if they're
drunk and you would be amazed how many
people don't reply after that do you
know why because they're drunk it it's
actually you you think you're dealing
with somebody who's got this radically
different idea from you but quite often
they're just drunk
and the number of times I can make the
conversation stop dead when I ask that
question is really shocking the other
thing I do which doesn't stop the
conversation but at least stops at my
end is I say I'm sorry they did this to
you or sometimes I say I'm sorry that
your new sources have done this and from
that point on after you've stated that
I'm sorry your new sources did that do
not engage in
detail do not don't don't try to you
know even if they make a good point
after that don't don't engage once
somebody is revealed that their problem
is some kind of news brainwashing
problem you should call that out until
they're sick of hearing it you want them
to be tired of hearing that I'm not
going to debate you because it looks
like something's going on there it looks
like you have an issue that maybe isn't
about us it looks like you have an issue
with your news sources and if you'd like
I could help you with your problem but
we're not at the point where we can
debate because what I know is everything
you've heard on the news plus everything
I've heard on the news what you know is
just what you heard on the news so
you're operating at roughly half the
information I am so having a debate with
you especially when you seem to have
some kind of psychological condition
going on how could that ever be
productive so you need to you need to
label it for what it is and then bow out
when you see it if it's just cognitive
dissonance or drunkenness don't debate
just
don't um there's a story that says that
Maine is full of weed Farms owned by
Chinese there there are more than 100
properties in Maine uh all over Maine
where they're illicitly growing cannabis
in rural
Maine so I'll be moving to rural m main
CU apparently that's a good place to
make money uh there if you have a 100
illegal weed plants wait a minute how
does anybody know that there are 100
properties if they're
illegal there's something wrong with
this story shouldn't there be something
like some law enforcement or something
and maybe they just don't prosecute or
because they don't care I don't know um
but apparently this is a big problem I
don't know if these are just
opportunistic
Chinese Americans who just thought this
would be a good job and you know maybe
they didn't have you know as many
traditional opportunities in Maine so it
could be just a lot of people telling
other people hey I started to weed for
Farm you should do it too so maybe it's
just that I don't think it looks like a
Chinese plot do you except that maybe
some money is going back to China so I
don't know what to think about that one
but it's interesting speaking of China
uh more Chinese executives are
disappearing so two more have been
listed as gone for a
while uh it's in the context of a
corruption uh clamp down do you think
that's really what's going on do you
think the Chinese Executives from
companies are disappearing because of a
clamp down
on
corruption to which I say maybe
but wouldn't it be just as likely that
the corruption itself is clamping him
down yeah wouldn't it be just as likely
that uh president XI is putting pressure
on them to do something the government
wants including kicking back money maybe
and they and they'll say if you don't
give us what we want we own the news and
we're going to tell the news that we
shut you down because you're corrupt and
they'd be wait a minute I'm the opposite
of corrupt I know but we need you to be
corrupt hold on you're saying unless I
act corrupt you're going to put me out
of business and put me in jail for being
corrupt
exactly that's what it feels like I we
have no way of knowing I can't read mins
I don't have any secret sources but I
wouldn't take it on face value that
corruption is the reason these people
are
disappearing doesn't doesn't smell right
does it there's like a little odor to
that it's like maybe yeah maybe it's
about corruption but maybe it's
not all right here's my branding idea
for uh Republicans or maybe just a way
to think about it um tell me if
somebody's already said this or did I
already say it or were you already
thinking it maybe you're ad of me two
sentences to Brand Democrats and
Republicans you ready Democrats want the
government to protect them and
Republicans want to protect citizens
from the
government
what do you think Democrats want the
government to protect them which by the
way there's nothing wrong with that and
Republicans want to protect you from the
government which by the way there's
nothing wrong with that so what I like
about it is that it doesn't say
anybody's an
 right usually usually that's
sort of built into any political
framing what's wrong with Democrats
wanting the government to protect them
nothing at all nothing wrong with that
what's wrong with Republicans wanting to
prot protect you from your
government nothing there's nothing wrong
with that so those are just different
approaches now does it make sense to you
that Democrats would uh have a lot of
single women in their ranks if Democrats
want the government to protect them
makes perfect sense because some people
will feel they need
protection other people who are
well-armed and living in the country and
making their own money just want don't
want the government to take their
so you could both be right so there
might be a way there might be a way to
find some
Unity by simply understanding that both
sides are right about the single most
important thing they're trying to do if
you let both sides do the thing they're
most that they're focused on you might
actually find something that works
because you do need somebody to protect
you from the government but sometimes
you need the government to protect you
from other things those can both be true
so I put that out there as a symbol that
things are not
hopeless there might be some good stuff
on both sides you know the devil's in
the
details so the Department of Health and
Human and we will talk about the uh I'll
talk about the uh debate in a minute
um the Department of Health and Human
Human Services they've got a new pronoun
strategy saying basically uh it's okay
if you inadvertently use a wrong pronoun
you nobody's going to get fired for that
but if you consistently use the wrong
pronoun it would be considered sort of a
hate situation and you could get fired
or or uh punished for that now uh my
only take on this is that this is what I
call word thinking the whole pronoun
situation is word thinking word thinking
is when you try to replace you know
reason and facts and logic with a
definition because if you can get
somebody to accept your
definition then it feels like you won
all the argument that never
happened so if somebody can say but I'm
a woman then they win all the argument
about can they play on the sport what
bathroom do they use you know what
what's on their driver's license Etc
right if you give them I can use my word
any way I want and it's different than
how you use words it it gets them to win
automatically all the
argument which you've not even had so
that's called word thinking it's where
you're trying to get there without the
benefit of argument so the pronoun stuff
is just
that now most of you already know I'm
actually in favor of calling anybody
whatever they feel comfortable with like
I don't have a problem with that
it's just that you better not have a
problem with me if I do it wrong sure
I'll I'll humor people I will humor you
for the same reason that I would uh I
would honor your request to be called a
uh Miz or misses or miss or whatever you
wanted ma'am anything you want to me
it's just you know part of the
constellation of good manners and I also
am often asked what should we refer to
you as
you know I used to say cartoonist and
then I said author now I like to say
disgraced cartoonist so when I'm
introduced I like people to just say
disgraced cartoonist I just like how it
feels honestly sort of a pirate
situation anyway so it's word thinking
don't get caught up on allowing it to be
an argument it's not an argument for
anything most of you have seen by now if
you're on social media the meme the
story I guess but a 77 year-old man who
shot some activists who were blocking
the road of
traffic now uh it's a 77 year old guy
he's he looks like he's an American
American right but he was living in
Panama he a lawyer and was a
professor
and he just had a handgun and when uh
the activists were blocking the traffic
for it looked like miles the angry
bearded white guy comes out with his
handgun and starts you know trying to
move stuff but there was one big rock
that was hard to move and then he gets
sort of you know surrounded by the not
surrounded too closely but they were
talking to him in a little group and and
one of them is jabbering jabbering and
apparently the guy could see that they
were going to continue blocking the road
so he just shoots two people to Death In
Cold
Blood to unblock the
road
now I have very conflicting feelings
about this
story number one I don't think those
people desire deserve to die and I think
they were called climate activists but I
think they weren't actually I saw some
reporting this said had more to do with
some economic ownership of something so
was it was a bigger issue not not the
environment but in either case they
blocked the traffic of people who were
were minding their own business and
trying just trying to get somewhere just
trying to get to work get home and
unfortunately the guy with a gun has
this look about him like a white guy
who's just had too
much he just reached his limit and
decided it I'm just going to go out
my own terms now the real story here is
probably completely different than what
we imagined from the outside it could be
mental illness it could be he has a
terminal disease he's going to be dead
in a month I mean there there's all
kinds of stuff that could be factors
that we don't know about could be mental
health right just mental
health but what it looks like and it
immediately became a meme is that he had
simply reached his
limit and
snapped now if there's one thing I can
tell you about my white
man um and by the way he he's identified
as a a white guy an American is that
true you give me a fact check on that
he's not Panamanian is he is he a born
in America standard white guy so big guy
with a big white
beard and he's a lawyer so he knew
exactly what he was doing somebody says
he's born in
Panama a lawyer with dual citizenship
people are telling me okay that sounds
about right lawyer with dual
citizenship um but let me tell you
something about white
men and in the comments I want uh my
white men to tell me if this is a true
statement or not a true
statement if you're a white man
especially in
America and somebody says Hey in order
to avoid trouble you're going to going
to have to eat this you're like
what I'm not eating any yeah to
avoid trouble how much trouble a lot of
trouble it's going to be a lot of
trouble all right all right I'll eat a
little bit of but I'm only going to
eat a little bit all right we have a
deal you eat a little bit of next
day little bit more damn it damn it all
right I'll eat it next day a little bit
more here's what we white people don't
do is let you know all along the way how
bad it is getting did I mention that
white people or white men it's probably
all men but white men for sure are
taught not to reveal their
feelings yeah so here's the thing and I
think the thing that this guy tapped
into with the
audience is that he's the
warning he's the
warning and the warning goes like
this you're not going to see a
coming see that's what happened to the
activist the two people who were shot
they were standing there having a
conversation they didn't see it coming
what you don't see coming is where the
last straw is so I say this not as a
threat this is not a threat this is very
much not a threat it's something you
need to understand if you push black
Americans they will tell you from the
first push am I right is that a fair
statement if you're pushing black
Americans that the first nudge you could
hear about it which is fine that that
would be perfectly good form to complain
the moment there's something to complain
about it's America right white people
have been taught to shut the up
and stay this stay shut the up
because it looks weak it looks nonpol it
looks you know Politically Incorrect it
just looks wrong in every way and you
can't win there you know white men
complaining is the lowest look you can
have do you know why I'm why I'm a
disgraced cartoonist because I'm a white
guy who
complained that's it if you're a white
guy that complains everybody
hates you because I think it's sort of
illegitimate so the only thing I want to
tell you is there is a Breaking Point
and you're not going to see it coming
and this guy broke sooner than you know
other people will break and I'm not
saying you know we're right on the edge
I'm just saying you got to keep in mind
that white men have been
suppressed for so long that if a
Breaking Point happens it's going to
happen really fast is just going to
break all at once so just keep that in
mind push as much as you want but uh
this old man's a meme for a reason right
the the reason he hit a note is
cuz you're we are that guy
right I I am that
guy let me let me say as clearly as
possible if he had you know if he
thought his life was largely over
over it's it's easy to become that
guy all right let's talk about the
debates uh Chris Christie is anti- Tik
Tock and said it should be banned and
had exactly the right answer because he
talked about its persuasion power not
just its you know uh data security
problem so Chris Christie had exactly
the right take on this and I'm going to
give him credit for that uh VI and you
know I said I'm endorsing VI I disagree
with him on Tik Tock which is fine we
don't have to agree on everything that's
not how anything works but uh VI is more
of a free speech guy and he's also being
consistent he he's saying the the goal
is to win so if you're not using one of
the main vehicles to win are you really
playing to win now that's actually a
strong
point yeah the the free speech one is a
little weaker but we do like Free Speech
but the if you're not going to play the
game just leave and he's saying I'm
going to play the game I'm going to use
all the rules I'm going to use all the
resources and Tik Tok is one of them
that's not a terrible argument for
winning an
election it is however a terrible
argument for governing a
country so if if he used if the used Tik
Tok to get elected and then immediately
banned it that would be the baller play
of all time and I would totally be in
favor of that but um we don't have a
suggestion that that's the play I
imagine he'd go with a free speech
argument if he were
president and you probably continue
telling Republicans you better get on
Tik Tock because you're getting you left
in the dust now that argument Echoes the
argument with abortion right if you you
try to operate on principal on
abortion uh you lose the
election so as I cheeky said the other
day uh Republic you know everybody won
this was this last election was one
where both sides won because Republicans
got to win on principle which was
important enough for them to stand on it
Democrats got to win by winning the
election and uh electing leaders who
will be part of the process of
eventually hunting and killing the
Republicans for being domestic
terrorists so it was a win-win the
Republicans got a moral Victory and the
Democrats gain power that they'll use to
crush all all Republicans so sort of a
tie
yeah
so let's see what else happened um let's
talk about Ron Des sanus
first uh he
uh I don't remember anything about Ron
DeSantis except that he has a whiny
pleading
voice right listen listen to his voice
for the
pleading but I did this but I did this
in Florida they wanted to do this but I
did this in Florida it all it all sounds
like he's like he's not confident in his
position and he's trying to convince you
of something that maybe he doesn't feel
now that's not what's going on I'm
saying that when you use that tone of
voice a pleading tone it's the opposite
of
commander-in-chief so he's like three
levels away from looking like a
commander-in-chief because he's he just
has a weak voice now it's not I don't
mean that the tone of his voice is weak
I mean the the Str strategy of how he
produces it creates a pleading sound to
the ears so he doesn't have to do cuz he
doesn't do it all the time he does it
when he's trying to make a strong point
so the stronger his point the weaker he
sounds oh there it is there it is okay I
just realized what's going on the
stronger he makes the point DeSantis the
weaker he sounds if it's an ordinary
point he'll say it in ordinary language
such as uh this was a big problem in FL
Florida but we took care of
it you see that that it's not a big
thing uh yeah that was a problem in
Florida we took care of it very strong
you just say it's a thing we took care
of it but then when he's talking about
something you know bigger presidential
we need to do this we need to do that it
turns into a pleading voice and it's the
opposite of commander-in-chief listen to
v v has commanderin-chief
voice on every topic he will tell you
with the same level of confidence and
voice Small Things big things you know
it looks like he would have
control from top to bottom very strong
so DeSantis the only thing I remember
about him is he sounded whiny otherwise
he
disappeared Tim
Scott uh I'm actually sick of hearing
his inspirational personal
story because if you know I like it I
mean it's it is it it is indeed need a
legitimate personal success story that
is important I think everybody should
know it everybody should hear it I'm
glad he mentions it
but I felt like it was overshadowing
policy thinking like like that was the
main thing he was selling to which I say
Tim Scott you're a
republican like the stuff you're
selling might be a good thing to sell to
democ
rats but you're trying to be the you
know the
nominee do you know what Republicans
don't need to
hear they don't need need to hear that
if you uh work hard and do all the right
things that you can succeed despite
whatever obstacles you had they're
already on that page you know
Republicans are born there yes we get
that yes Tim Scott you're an excellent
example of what we all already believe
you're not selling us anything there
what am I
buying am I buying what I already have
which is the belief that that a Tim
Scott you know has existed and can exist
and is a a great symbol of America
absolutely but so
what
now in fact probably probably half of
the people listening said some version
of well yeah I did that too you know
necessarily that you were born black but
that you had some obstacles and you
overcame them too all right good good
for you it just that's not really
something to sell to Republicans you
know it makes sense to tell Republicans
you could sell it to
Democrats but he was selling to the
wrong audience is what it felt like so I
don't think he made much of a dent but
the real competition of course was uh
Nikki Haley who did great largely
because I think think she has more
female support in the Republican party
than some of the others and V uh wow did
he go hard
so summary it was
V's uh
debate the won the
debate I think this is true but as I
think of every debate I've ever seen I
don't think I've ever seen anybody win a
debate that hard have
you has anybody seen anybody in any
debate whoever won as hard as aake did
last night I've never seen it now the
the Trump stuff is different because
Trump is really whether you love his
style if you love his style then you did
say he won all the debates but then you
listen to the pundits and the pundits
would be well you know he was a wild man
he didn't exactly win Trump could
actually give you a difference of
opinion of who won the debate and did
and did but in my opinion I doubt any
Democrat or any Republican who is
serious could have seen that debate and
given it to anybody but vake ha have you
seen anybody this morning or last night
uh on any news channel left or right did
any did even one person think that
anyone but the won have you seen it did
anybody think Nikki Haley won
did anybody think D santis made an
advantage or that Tim Scott made a
move I'm right right there there was a
complete uh an unanimous opinion the V
won the debate when do you ever see
that I'm seeing some NOS was there
somebody who said somebody else
one we'll talk about the details in a
minute Frank LUN said
what you thought somebody else
won a drudge poll said haey
won all right let's talk about that so
uh of course it's all about the
quotes if you were uh if you
were trying to pick a winner here's the
way I would do it whose statements do
you remember the most whose statements
do you remember the most
L said
Haley amazing
um so here are some of the things that V
said um he started out by saying we've
become a party of losers at the end of
the day uh is it cancer the Republican
establishment let's let's speak the
truth he goes now keep in mind that Ron
McDonald R McDaniels I'm sorry not R
McDonald R McDaniel the chair of woman
of the RNC was in the
audience right imagine saying this on
stage when the chairwoman of your own
party is sitting in the audience this is
what he said I mean since Ron McDaniel
took over as chairwoman of the RNC in
2017 we have lost 2018 2020 2022 no red
wave that never came we got trounced
last night in 2023 and I think that we
have to have accountability in our party
for that matter
he said
that to the Republicans right in front
of him now that's just about the most
baller thing I've ever seen in
politics and apparently there's some
reporting that R turned to somebody in
the audience somebody must have
overheard it and said he's not getting a
penny from us meaning that the
Republicans party won't get give uh VI
any help to which I say you mean he won
twice he won twice that you're not going
to give him
money okay you just made me like him a
little bit
more then he goes on he says uh look the
people there are cheering for losing in
the Republican Party think about who's
moderating this debate another amazing
point right uh because the moderators
were you know left leading media he says
uh think about who's moderating this
debate this should be tuer Carlson Joe
Rogan and Elon
Musk you know separately I think he said
you know um you know why isn't Greg
Gutfeld moderating the debate now all
good
names um I think Elon L not the right
one maybe he could attend or something
but that's a pretty good point isn't
it why do they agree to debates when
people are going to ask them angry
Democratic questions when they when it's
literally the
Republican the Republican uh
primary and they're having angry
Democrats ask them
questions like who decided that was a
good idea I don't know but was RA
McDaniel part of that
decision would would that be the
decision-making process I mean that's
just a disaster that's a ridiculous
ridiculous thing to do given that you
have you know people on the right who
would be the right people to ask the
questions so the is making sense all
over the place he's showing guts all
over the place does not have a pleading
voice and is not apologizing for who
he's who he's offending love it um he
also said that Joe Biden took a $5
million bribe for Ukraine and that's why
we're here holy
 that's pretty
direct now in terms of the legal process
you know that that's a claim that has
not been established by the legal
process however we're watching the news
and the news seems to report something
that looks a lot like that to me so he
just says it in
public perfect perfect but then he goes
on to uh um he says about Nikki hilly um
let's see uh said said she'd been
enriched by Foreign Wars but here was
the
line that uh you'll never forget uh he
referred to her as dick chany and three
in
Shields but then it got
better he said there were two people on
stage with three in
heels the other one being the joke about
disantis having lifts in his boots which
I don't think is true I don't think it's
true but it you know it's out there as a
meme or or a belief so so he takes down
Nikki hilly and then just casually takes
down Dan sanus at the same time I mean
he that that wasn't much of a punch on
Des santis but it was very memorable now
the only bad part was it was a it was a
killer line and obviously prepared but
he got talked over when he delivered the
kill shot that there's two with him on
stage now I heard him say it twice cuz
he tried to work in it again cuz he got
talked over the first time it still
worked but if he if he had not been
talked over it would have been the only
thing you remembered it's the only thing
you would have been talking about do you
know what's perfect about
it
everything do did I ever tell you about
visual
persuasion visual
persuasion oh my God you just see see
the heels and then you see disantis in
this little you know allegedly secret
boot lift thing that I don't think is
real that's
visual visual wins I mean that's that's
just a winning play right there and it
was the most interesting people said so
you know that it would be repeated Etc
blah blah blah and then here was uh
Nikki Hilly's
response um to the heel thing
she doesn't wear them from style she
wears them for
ammunition what she she was so proud of
it she said it on stage and I was like
what and then she was so proud of it she
said it again later in a post on X and I
said
again
what
what what what's the connection between
high heels and
ammunition does any I still don't know I
mean I legitimately don't know does
anybody have an idea what that
meant right
now that seems like somebody fell
apart so and then there was a uh when
they were talking about uh Tik
Tock um he said that uh that Nikki
Hilly's daughter was using it I guess
until recently
and the the camera shows Nikki Hilly's
face when V mentions that her own
daughter was using Tik Tok because she's
also against Tik
Tok and her
face here's the
problem she lost her
frame the frame is I'm a powerful person
you should not see me as you know
somebody's wife or something I'm you
know I'm going to be commander and chief
Chief so that that's the frame she's
selling I'm the toughest one up here I'm
tougher than the guys you know I'm going
to go after you know these people blah
blah blah I'm tough as soon as fake
mentioned the daughter she snapped into
mother
mode did you see it did you see her face
and then under her breath but you know
sort of low but the C you know the
microphones picked it up clearly so it
was part of the story
she saidou
scum and that was just mother mode now I
don't object to it one bit from mother
mode right a as a mother fine that that
was a perfectly appropriate defend your
family call this guy
scum however she's not running to be
your mother she's running to be your
commanderin-chief
and V threw her out of the frame so
easily that unfortunately it's going to
play to
stereotypes meaning it looks like she's
not emotionally stable to be the
commanderin-chief
now that's what I saw I don't know if
other people like interpret it the same
way but I saw him shaking her with just
a few words completely out of command
mode and into mom
mom mode and I don't want Mom to be my
president I love mom mom is amazing mom
is better than the
president but I don't want I don't want
Mom vibe in the office I don't want
somebody who can that
quickly be unframed and that was in my
opinion that was the end of a
run to me that was the end of uh Nikki
Haley I think vi just put the shiven and
turned
it I've never seen anything like it
really I it was amazing now V already
also went after her on getting rich
apparently she was in debt while she was
in government um at the UN she was
bankrupt or in debt that's the claim I
don't know if it's true but that's the
claim that she joined a military
contractor and that her family became
multi-millionaires soon after
now uh it's is a good attack point but
it should be said that all of it is
transparent and completely legal and
unfortunately pretty common you don't
have to like it but I'll at least say
nothing illegal and it's all you know
sort of
obvious so it's a fair attack point and
he attacked it
well
um and then V talked about the fenel and
you know he would be tougher on it and
he said said uh if a Big Mac had fentil
in it we wouldn't call that an overdose
you'd call it poisoning cuz he's talking
about the fenal is in pills that you
think are something else so it's not
just people knowing they're taking feny
it's people who don't know they're
taking feny which makes it poisoning not
an
overdose now did he notice the visual
persuasion if he had simply said you
know it's more like a poisoning than an
overdose that's concept level and sort
of of you know using words to make an
argument as soon as he says if they put
it in a Big Mac you can see it you can
smell
it you can actually smell
it his his P his persuasion was so
strong let me say it again his
persuasion was so strong you could smell
it you don't get better than that that's
like you know that's like killing
it all right
um so what else um oh and then at the
end his closing statements oh my God
this was strong he he says end this
farce that he's talking to the Democrats
uh and this farce that Joe Biden is
going to be your nominee we know he's
not even the president of the United
States uh he's a puppet of the
managerial
class and by the way puppet's a good
word too cuz that's visual he goes so
have the guts to step up guts is visual
you you actually imagine your guts to
step up and be honest step up as step up
as visual imagine somebody literally
stepping uh and be honest about who
you're actually going to put up so we
can have an honest debate Biden should
step aside and end his candidacy now so
we can see whether it's Nome Michelle
Obama or whoever else just tell us the
truth so we can have an honest debate oh
my God that's good
oh my God oh my
God it's exactly what you wanted to hear
but you didn't expect you didn't expect
it at
all and I like the fact that he threw
Michelle Obama in there because I think
there's zero chance that she'll run for
president but she's so
visual and in my opinion she would be
the the weakest because she hasn't held
office or become a entrepreneur
billionaire or anything like that so
just throwing her in the mix is super
visual so I mean how many visual
elements are in his casual speech it's
just crazy it's it's very Trump
likee all right
um so let me just say a little bit more
about Tik Tock since there's a
disagreement there here's what I think
might be the source of disagreement
about Tik Tock somebody said to me Scott
the mainstream media the regular news
has been brainwashing people forever so
like what's the difference Tik tok's
just another thing brainwashing people
but how different is it we've people
have been brainwashed forever to which I
say yes
but yes it's true that the mainstream
media has been brainwashing the public
forever but the mainstream media at the
very least is
us at least it's
Americans right even even the Democrats
most of them are not trying to destroy
the
country right so you know these uh you
know in America Persuasions are a whole
different level than having your biggest
adversary have a button literally a
button that says heat that they can push
and sell the Palestinian position over
the Israeli position or turn you into a
non-binary if they want now here's the
thing that people don't
understand um as a trained hypnotist I
can tell you this with authority that if
you ask a hypnotist can you hypnotize
people to do things that they wouldn't
be inclined to do and the answer is no
no if you said uh you're under hypnosis
and I said to you uh take a gun and go
kill your neighbor for no good reason
you wouldn't do it I'm not even there's
not even any chance you would do that
there is zero chance if I said here's
the gun kill yourself with it you won't
do it
right no it's never happened in the
history of hypnosis just doesn't do it
so you say to yourself from those
examples ah you can't really brainwash
somebody to do something they don't want
to do
wrong do you know
why because when hypnotists tell you
that you can't be hypnotized to do
something that you fundamentally don't
want to
do they're leaving something
out the the part that they're leaving
out is the important
part when I talk about it I leave it out
as well do you know
why because I don't want you to know how
much power I have that's
why no I could not make anybody uh shoot
their neighbor I do not have that
power but I can tell you your neighbor
is worth
shooting the first time I told you you'd
say no probably
not but by the H 100th time I told you
your neighbor is worth it
shooting you start to think it was
true so here's the thing that you need
to understand I can't make something you
don't want to do I can't make you do
something you don't want to do with
hypnosis but you know what I can
do I can make you want to do
it that's the part we leave out with
intentionally because if you knew how
much power we have you would shoot us
immediately luckily you'll never
know I can even tell you and you won't
know that that's hypnotist can hide and
play in sight CU we could tell you
exactly what we're capable of and you'll
be like I don't think so and that's the
end of the
conversation so so I can just tell you
directly could I make you want to kill
your neighbor on your own yes I could
yes I could I just have to work on you
over time I and it and if I could use a
tool it'd be faster you know if it's
just me talking to you may might take a
while I have to work on you for a while
but suppose I had a tool that was like
really developed to be like the super
hypnosis
tool it already exists it's called Tik
Tock so here's the thing you need to
know Tik Tok can make you kill your
neighbor Tick Tock can make you want to
cut your balls off Tick Tock can make
you want to remove your
T if you don't understand
that then you're not you you shouldn't
be participating in the conversation
about whether Tik Tok should
exist Tik Tok can change your
preferences your your actions will be
the natural ones that come out of your
preferences they don't have to tell you
what to do they just have to make you
want to do it and then you'll do it on
your
own
so the people who say but these other
social media things are also influential
that's true but primarily they're
influencing you in an American way that
might be you know different flavor than
Republicans like or different than
Democrats like but it's all
American right and and fundamentally our
so social media networks are not trying
to destroy America the ones that are
owned by Americans but you can't say
that about China now you might say to
yourself Scott
they say they're not going to do that
and there's no evidence that they've
ever done that to which I
say if somebody has a gun to your head
and they haven't pulled the trigger
yet what's that telling you is that
telling you it's
okay they have a gun to our
heads the head happens to be our
children if they haven't pulled the
trigger yet and I assume they have but
if they haven't it doesn't mean they
can't right maybe they're maybe they're
waiting for something you know
juicy I would argue that they probably
pulled the trigger on the Hamas Israeli
situation because it would be an obvious
place to do it and the and there are
researchers who suggest it looks like it
happened so uh that's why I disagree
with v although I do I do think he backs
his opinion by saying winning is more
important you know but I'd love to see
him win using Tik Tok and then ban it um
that would be the Willie Brown
technique Willie Brown when he was
accepting money from tobacco companies
at the same time the uh legislature that
he was in charge of was debating smoking
policies and somebody said how can you
be part of this you know smoking you
where it's legal to smoke discussion if
you're also taking money from tobacco
companies and Willie Brown famously and
wonderfully said if you can't take money
from people and then stab them in the
back you're in the wrong
business to which I said no further
questions and then I'm pretty sure that
the law ended up Banning smoking in
public places I I think that's what they
were working on so he was right he took
their money right in front of them and
then stabbed them in the back and then
told the news
now you wonder why he was such a popular
politician for years in San
Francisco maybe
that maybe
that all right um Colombia faculty so as
you know a number of them were um Pro
Palestinian um which some people will
say is the same as pramas now I'm not
going to characterize them I'll just say
that you know they they were more
Palestinian oriented and other people
were more clearly pal Israeli oriented
in terms of their support but somebody
did an analysis of the of the uh The
Faculty there and found out that these
because now there are two letters one is
more pro-israel one is more Pro
Palestinian uh from different members of
The Faculty but somebody analyzed where
the faculty members come from like which
disciplines it turns out that the stem
the stem faculty overwhelmingly supports
Israel and it was the humanities and
social sciences that seemed to back
Palestinian slash maybe a little bit
Hamas
activity does that surprise
you here's another way to say it this
was the polite way to say it here's
another way the the smart people backed
Israel
and the less smart faculty backed uh
Palestinians now I hate to say it but
probably if you did an IQ test with the
stem teachers versus the humanities
teachers I think there'd be a
difference right I think there'd be a
difference I there just I'm just
speculating I don't know that for sure
but that's the way I look at it anyway
um rasmason uh did a poll on uh funding
Ukraine separately and Israel separately
versus putting it in one package to
which I say why is that even a a
question how in the world is there a
citizen of the United States who thinks
you should put two different things
together so that the people voting on it
have less
choice and it turns out a lot of people
a lot of people want the government to
to do the worst possible thing which is
omnius
bills what now I think they're just
thinking that's the way to get what they
want but as a process is the dumbest
thing anybody ever
did so the results were 50% of us voters
think it's better um if Aid is voted on
by Congress as Standalone but there's
still 35% who believe it would be better
if Israel and Ukraine were part of one
package a third a third of the country
thinks that putting different things
together for one decision is better for
the
country how do you even support that
idea I've never even heard an argument
for it I've definitely heard
arguments why it's easier for members of
Congress to get things through with the
Omnibus because they out put their pork
on it and how you bribe people to vote
for you I get that I don't like it but I
understand it um but why do the voters
like
it because that the thing I just
described is something that's good for
the politicians to get their
pork there's no argument for why it's
good for voters I don't believe
anybody's ever presented an argument why
it's good for
voters does anybody know why that would
be good for voters is it only because
nothing would ever be passed otherwise I
don't know I like the nothing getting
passed
situation all right well um Davis
ax also had something interesting to say
about the Republican situation he said
Republican donors are perfectly
comfortable running candidates with
extreme views on abortion but they will
not tolerate candidates opposed to
Forever War this is why the GOP is a
party of performative opposition
destined to lose unimportant even when
they win
ouch
ouch now I don't know if David sacks um
identifies as one party or another I I
feel he's probably independent just
based on reading him but uh that's a
pretty strong statement that the the GOP
is basically a performative
opposition the way I interpret that is
if they wanted to win they would act
differently would you agree that if
Republicans were trying to win they
would act
differently and any any agreement with
that I think it's true yeah now I don't
even have an opinion of whether they
should try to
win because standing on principle is not
nothing you know standing on principle
to protect The Unborn if if that's what
you think is you know if if in your view
that's just the most important thing and
I can see why somebody would have that
view
um you know but at least you know you're
dying you know if uh if you think it'll
make a difference it makes more sense
but suppose you knew it wouldn't make a
difference what if you knew
it because I would think the argument
would be you should be trying to
convince your fellow citizens of your
view because that will work its way you
know culture comes before politics so if
you're if you're trying to change
somebody's culture by changing the law
aren't you doing it wrong shouldn't
shouldn't the long-term GOP strategy be
to change people's
minds and then that would you know
Downstream would be
politics so I I worry a little bit about
the GOP strategy of trying to change
your culture by changing your
law I I just don't know that that's the
way anything works so it would explain
why it's not working now I also don't
know you that you could ever change
people's minds you know people are
people are pretty locked in on
this so and you can see why you know
unfortunately follow the money
works well
actually yeah you want me to uh
fix um everything about
abortion in my opinion it's not a
coincidence that follow the money
explains why uh young
women would prefer
abortions right because if they have the
child and they're not ready financially
it's the worst Financial thing that
could happen even if it might be
wonderful in other ways so as I often
tell you that follow the money predicts
even when it shouldn't well abortion is
exactly the case where it shouldn't
would you agree abortion is about
literally you know what is life and and
at what point do you protect it or not
protect it I mean that's what it should
be but is it a coincidence that
coincidentally is exactly the same as
their financial interests it's not a
coincidence if you in my opinion if you
change the
financial element of it it would be
completely different for example now
this is not a recommendation this is
more to Think Through the the the idea
that it's really a money question and we
pretend it's about other things it's
kind of a money
question and and it goes like this
suppose you had a law that says if you
forgo your abortion and have your baby
and give it up for adoption you will
receive
$100,000 what would happen to the
abortion
rate well probably people would have
babies just just to get the 100,000 is
that okay it might be it might be okay
because we have a population decline
problem
right but but just use that as your uh
mental uh it's just a mental exercise if
you could imagine that money would solve
the problem then you have to ask
yourself if it was always about
money that's sort of a real heads
scratcher isn't it
if you could solve it with money was it
always about
money in my opinion it has always been
about
money in my opinion because the moment
you paid somebody to have that baby
instead of aborted I think they'd have
the baby you just have to pay
enough now we could never
afford to pay everybody $100,000 to have
a
baby but as a mental experiment if you
think it's not about the money well then
you have to explain why money would
change people's behavior if it's not
about the money because you know it
would there's probably not one person
here who's disagreeing with me that a
whole bunch of single women who found
themselves pregnant in a way they didn't
want a huge percentage of them would say
you know what for
$100,000 put it up for adoption get a
nice
family
maybe uh you say we can afford
it you might be right so Michael says
that we can afford that and I you might
be right because
$100,000 might be a drop in the bucket
to what a baby normally
costs so you know you could argue about
whether the government should be paying
it it's a separate conversation but
um yeah and then if you are part of the
party that thinks the government should
be protecting you then you have a
perfectly consistent situation
oh the at the at the moment the way the
government
protects single Democrat women is by
allowing them the option of having an
abortion so to them to some number of
them that would feel like being
protected oh you gave me this right so
now I can I can handle my situation the
way I want to but suppose instead the
government protected You by saying that
if you found yourself in the that
situation we'll we will support you uh
let's say you get free medical care
let's throw that into just for the
experiment free medical care and
$100,000 the the day it's given up for
adoption suddenly that looks like
protection doesn't
it right because some number of women
who have abortions um do have a problem
with it is that true I'm not a woman but
can can the women um confirm that that
there's some number of people who who
believe in
abortion who have the abortion but then
they say they just don't feel good with
it ever they're never quite right with
it so if the government were protecting
those women by allowing the birth to
happen but everybody comes out
financially and healthwise and
everything
else that would look like
protecting can you imagine a major your
candidate suggesting paying people to
have the
baby I'm going to make a
prediction somebody's going to somebody
is going to suggest that that's my
prediction because we have an unsolvable
problem right now completely
unsolvable
and if somebody came up with a solution
that people go huh that doesn't solve
every problem right because you still
have you know rape and you know there'
be the edge cases everything else but
imagine that your proposition to single
women is that if you get pregnant
against your will or maybe even
intentionally you're going to make
money how many votes did Obama get
because people mistakenly believe they
were going to get Obama
phones I don't know probably a few but
if you could change the the if you could
change the uh the feeling that people
have about Republican opinion on
abortion and you said look we will make
you rich not rich but you know we'll
we'll solve some of your problems and
will keep you healthy during that
process that's a pretty strong
package now I don't know if it's a good
idea because I haven't run the numbers
and I don't know what what would be the
number that would be the right number it
could be 50,000 you know 50,000 is an
insane amount of money you know if
you're just getting by
but a 100 sounds like a done deal if you
tell somebody they'll get
$100,000 and they don't see a way that
they would ever have that much money in
normal
ways I think you could literally buy the
votes of young
women am I
wrong yeah let's let's
take let's take this approach just keep
it in your mind so the Republicans have
this problem with abortion it will just
keep them out of office forever suppose
they said this and imagine the
presidential candidate leading the
message right says the presidential
candidate is the message maker for the
rest of the people if he does it right
or she does it right so
imagine Trump r vake or even both of
them saying uh here's the deal we do not
believe that a president should be
making Health Care
decisions now that's a strong strong
statement and it gets out of the
business of saying what a person should
do in their personal life but somebody
still has to be in control and that's
why you say that's why we drove it down
to the
state now here's how we'd like to
protect people we'll give you $100,000
you know this is my proposal for example
uh to have the baby plus Health Care
even if you don't have health care we'll
make sure you get Quality Health Care
the entire time you're carrying plus you
know however beene you know maybe 6
months after that or or something
and and then that's I will protect you
cuz here's what I feel like I feel like
if you're a single woman you think the
Republicans want to screw you and the
Democrats want to protect you so
Republicans should actually use the word
protect here's how we're going to
protect you we're going to offer you the
option of having the baby and making
money but only you and your doctor and
your state can decide what's legal or
appropriate I'm giving you an extra
option that you've never seen
before that would be really strong
wouldn't it am I crazy give me give me a
give me a
check cuz I'm just sort of spitball in
here would it be crazy for a Republican
president to say you do not want me part
of this
decision I do not not want to ever
decide that somebody should live or die
as an American if they've been obeying
the law right if somebody is a terrorist
I'll make that decision but you do not
want your president to be arguing
whether your baby should live or
die I the President should always be in
favor of Maximum human American
life always there should be no exception
but should the state have a an argument
about it well that's up to the state
right it's up to the state it's up to
the voters should the doctor and the
mother have some you know
decision-making ability yes and you
should have more than the president this
is one case where the the voter should
have far far more power than the
president of the United States might
maybe the only one it's the best example
of it but as the President of the United
States I can make sure that you at least
have another option that protects you uh
serves to increase the population and
keeps everybody healthy and can take
down the temperature of the people who
think they need to kill each other over
this
issue
I tell me this wouldn't work would it
work I mean as a not only as a messaging
thing but actually a partial solution to
the actual
problem the word mandatory comes to mind
yeah so there'd be no mandatory
anything from the federal
government test is small there you go
thank you yeah is it something that
could be
tested could you I mean that's that's
the beauty part I mean the beauty part
would be you say look we don't know if
this would work wouldn't you love to
hear that from a leader wouldn't you
love to have your leader say we don't
know if this will work that's why we're
testing it but here's the idea behind it
here's the transparency we'll tell you
how it
goes I'd love to hear
that all right um talk about Ian Bremer
posted this he said oil oil prices are
presently lower than when uh before the
Israel Gaza War
Began who predicted that that oil oil
prices would actually go lower
but he also says that Iran staying on
the sidelines uh despite longstanding
support and training of hos and nobody
about to attack
them how does he know that how how does
he know nobody's about to attack him I
think he's right I hope he's right but
apparently what is going to happen
instead is that Biden has made at least
one attack maybe more on the um external
proxies that have been attacking
American bases to me it seems like we
should wipe out all the
proxies would do you agree yeah you have
to make being a proxy look like a really
bad idea because so far being a proxy
has been like a a way to get money and
power if you're a little leader of a
terrorist group so you have to just make
it a bad idea it's like did you get
money from Iran yes or no well yeah we
got a little money
gone how about you are you operating on
your own or did you get money from Iran
well you know a little bit on a own but
a little bit of money
from and you just disappear we should
literally wipe out every proxy you know
Hezbollah is a special case so you know
may maybe you do them last or maybe not
because they're too powerful at this
point but I would certainly take care of
Hezbollah anywhere except Lebanon
Lebanon I still don't know what would be
the right thing to do about that uh but
at the moment the US has a green light
to take care of all the
proxies so I think we could do that
without getting Iran
involved you know you know what's the
interesting thing about
Iran is that somebody said you know how
many is it been hundreds of years or
something Iran has never tried to take
over another country
now you could argue is that what's
happening with you know Hamas and Israel
well they might be trying to destroy a
country but I don't hear Iran saying we
you know we want to put our flag in
Israel maybe they do
but I do wonder that we don't understand
Iran but they do seem to have a long
history of not wanting to literally
conquer their neighbor but their
neighbors have tried to conquer them
Iraq in particular
I don't know I I have weird
optimism that you could figure out how
to work with
Iran because even though they have the
crazy Messianic part I just feel like
they're they have a very
serious um reasonable part that they
show all the time they they show
restraint when they need restraint they
show not restraint when it looks like it
could work like everything they do seems
to be rational and I don't know how you
couldn't work with a rational partner if
you tried and tried and tried yeah so
even with the 12th 12th whatever M or
whatever it is uh I think you could work
with all of
that the the other thing that I'm
wondering about is what do the Iranian
people think about uh Hamas and Israel I
heard but I don't know that it's true
that the the uh Iranian public is more
pro-israel and pro West than they are
pro
Hamas can anybody confirm
that because that would be the best
argument for not attacking
Iran the best argument would be that
you've already won meaning that the
population is already pro-western and
anti- their own government you can ride
that situation a long time even with a
lot of cost to
it
so you know and if you attacked Iran
people would reflexively back their own
government and they'd see you know
Horrors around so Iran's Iran's a tough
one but I feel like it we could do
something there uh here's the here's the
detailed news about what's happening in
Gaza there are heavy gun
battles and that's it that's all we know
and that's about what I anticipated you
know at some point when the the cell
phone start dying in Gaza you're not
going to hear
anything and it might be a long time
before you hear you know bad stories of
things that happened there now allegedly
the uh Israelis are making some
aggressive push um but I think the I
think the pushes are
probes and going after like a specific
objective and then probably pulling back
but then also shrinking the
perimeter I saw somebody argue that the
number of Hamas Killers who have been uh
taken out is very small compared to the
I don't know the the claim of several
thousand 9,000 you can't believe
anything but you know probably thousands
of people have died but only you know
small number of Fighters so some people
said well that's proof that you're doing
something something the wrong way you're
killing all these Innocents but only
this small sliver of actual fighters to
which I
say the other Fighters are already
waiting in their
graves I don't think you're counting
this right it if if you had you know 99%
of an army was already in sealed coffins
below the ground technically alive you
would not say to yourself man those guys
are good they're getting away no you
would say to yourself they're already in
a sealed coffin they're already buried
they've got not much time left so I
would argue that you know every armed uh
Hamas fighter is basically dead or dying
and even though they haven't sealed off
all the tunnels they will I don't think
there's any doubt about
that
um I said Putin lost
no I
didn't crazy
talk all right um I think I said
anything could have
happened all right yeah and and I
there's a comment here that Persians are
wonderful people that's my experience so
all my contacts in America with uh
people who came from Iran or have any
background they're amazing people uh
just
universally awesome culture and
people so that that that's part of
it all right so we won't hear much about
that that ladies and gentlemen is my way
too long show for the day I hope you
enjoyed it um I remind you that if
you're looking to buy gifts for this
holiday you better order this one soon
the beauty of this book is is really
perfect for a gift for almost everybody
because it's got reframes to improve
your life in a lot of different ways and
maybe just reading one sentence changes
your life um quite a few people tell me
that their lives have been changed but
the reason I tell you to do it early is
because I'm independently published
which means that Amazon prints the books
um as they're ordered so I don't want
you to be like a week before Christmas
because I don't know how quickly they
can print them so if I were you to be
comfortable before the end of November
and I'm not even positive that soon
enough but that that's what I'd go for
I'd go for before the end of November if
you look if you're trying to get it as a
a
gift and if you're looking for the
dillberg calendar as a gift uh it only
exists in digital form this year and
only for
subscribers of um the xplatform if there
if you're subscribing to me you can get
the comic and the the daily comic that's
new
dilber reborn but you'll also see daily
the dilber calendar uh and the dilber
calendar will be the the comic that ran
exactly 10 years ago on that same date
as a as a running theme and I think
you'll like seeing what 10 years ago
looked like in Dilbert at the same time
you're seeing the new one and you you'll
be able to look at the contrast I think
you'll enjoy that so you can also see
that on the locals platform Scott adams.
locals.com
and that has more political stuff so if
you don't want to see the political
stuff for a few extra bucks lots of
other content as well and you just want
the comic go to the xplatform all right
and ladies and gentlemen that's it for
today and I'll say goodbye to YouTube
until tomorrow thanks