bum-bum-bum-bum-bum Oh everybody
everybody come on in here you're not
gonna win you don't want to miss this
one no you don't this is the coffee with
Scott Adams of all coffee's with Scott
Adams the greatest there will ever be
possibly never won this important and
you know how it starts I think you do
you do not have a starts it starts with
this you need a cup or a mug or glass
you might need a Stein or a chalice or a
tankard possibly a thermos maybe a flask
for our men and women in uniform grab
your canteen a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and get ready to join me in the
for the unparalleled pleasure that
dopamine hit of the day the part that
gets everything going it makes
everything better
it's the simultaneous step go go go ah
to those of you who made it just in time
for the simultaneous sip notice how much
better your day will be Wow it's gonna
be a good one
so I haven't checked the news is there
anything in the news about President
Trump that I should know about let me
check check in the news that's right
president Trump has stirred the pot he's
used the troller in chief he's at it
again
so in case there are two or three people
in the entire universe who are not aware
the president did some tweeting he did
some tweeting and I'm gonna read you the
entire it's a three part tweet I could
read you the whole thing in case anybody
said and then we're gonna talk about it
because it seems the people people's
hair is on fire all right so this is
what the president tweeted so
interesting to see
progressive Democrat congresswoman who
originally came from countries whose
governments are a complete and total
catastrophe the worst most corrupt and
inept anywhere in the world if they even
have a functioning government at all
now loudly and viciously telling the
people of the United States that the
greatest and most powerful nation on
earth
how our government is to be run why
don't they go back and help fix the
totally broken and crime-infested places
from which they came then come back and
show us how it is done these places need
your help badly you can't leave and you
can't leave fast enough I'm sure that
Nancy Pelosi would be very happy to
quickly work out free travel
arrangements to work out the free travel
arrangements alright so how does see you
then cover this story well see it
uncovers the story the way they cover
all stories about President Trump the
way they cover the fine people hoax the
way they covered the feeding the
goldfish story you could probably think
of a few more the way you cover this
story is you leave out stuff because if
you don't leave out stuff it doesn't
sound nearly as bad as if you do leave
in stuff so let me translate for you
what this tweet means now a lot of
people have been translating it from
English into racist and I'd like to
translate it into one additional
language and it's called New Yorker you
know I want to show you how this works
well go to the white board so this is
what these words mean if you were to say
go back where you came from
and that's all you said that would be
racist by general agreement you know we
don't know what you're actually thinking
but Society would generally say well
that's sort of racist if the person
you're talking to
happens to be a different race than the
speaker however if you say what the
president said go back where you came
from fix it and then come back and show
us how it's done
that's called New Yorkers trash talk New
Yorker trash talk all right so if you
include the entire boat and I'm
paraphrasing here but that's the essence
of it it's New Yorker trash talk and it
doesn't mean anything really because
he's not actually telling her that to go
back or telling anybody to go back
anywhere nobody's literally being told
to go anywhere because that's ridiculous
it would be ridiculous nobody's going
anywhere nobody's expected to go
anywhere nobody is going anywhere
it's New Yorker trash talk but if he'd
said it the way to see it and reports it
without the second part go back where
you came from well I think we'd all
agree that that would be a little bit
too far wouldn't it so with great
interest I decided to check CNN's
reporting to see how often they add the
second part where he says come back
after you figure it out and come back
and fix it for us you would think that
the comeback part would make it pretty
clear that this is just you know regular
New York trash talk somebody says Scott
you're going down if you back this one
I'm gonna delete you you are gone I just
don't like the gloom eNOS will I go down
if I back this here's why I deleted him
I don't back things if if your framing
of this situation is who is black who is
who is backing somebody or who is not
backing somebody or who is endorsing the
tweet or not endorsing it I don't want
to talk to you anymore because you have
a frame that's bad for the world bad for
the world
so if
if somebody wants to tattoo this tweet
on me you're welcome to do it because
it's a terrible world full of terrible
people but I'm gonna block you okay all
right so let's talk about this
strategically what we can't know is what
the president is thinking but we can
know that there's a reasonable
interpretation and an unreasonable one
the reasonable one is that he's just
trolling he knows exactly what this
tweet is gonna do and we'll get to this
strategy behind it in a moment but he
had to know I think it's fair to say
would you all agree on the following
statement the president had to know this
would be super provocative and that he
would be accused of exactly what he's
being accused of what do you agree that
that part we probably all agree on he
knew what the outcome would be so let's
see let's look at this tweet in terms of
how it played out and how it's likely to
play out now if I describe what happened
and is likely to happen you understand
you're all smart enough to know that's
different from saying I embrace the
message or as my message or I'm backing
him I'm simply describing it and then
I'm describing what might happen you
we're all adult enough to simply
describe things right to understand them
let's do that so what's the first thing
that this we did after is set your hair
on fire it took all of your attention if
you go to seeing it well let me do that
let me go to CNN and I want to just take
a peek
and what they're okay
my browsers are not working for some
reason come here a browser let's go to
CNN
top page and see what they're talking
about today I'm looking for the news
about the ice raids because that's
pretty big news right seems like just
before this tweet came out that was the
biggest thing going on
and maybe that wasn't the best thing for
the president so let's let's see what
happened oh it's about the president's
racist tweets Oh second thing is about a
or C responding to it
next thing is about a Fox News host
laughing office tweet brian Stelter is
left speechless about the tweet the
other analysis about the tweet and then
there's an opinion about the tweet and
there's Trump tweeting again then so
that's the that's the top left of CNN so
did you see how much of that was about
the ice raids none zero but let's keep
going because the middle column on their
top page is sort of the news that's not
as important as the top left but still
pretty important can Cachola on trump's
racist tweets okay we're still on that
and then acting immigration chief says
he doesn't know the details of the ice
raids that's not much oh and then way
down
Biden unveils his health care plan Biden
unveils his health care plan it is so
far down the news funnel there's like it
doesn't even exist I actually read the
news this morning before before I got
out of this periscope and I didn't even
see that the leading Democrat announced
his plan for fixing one of the leading
issues in the entire nation yeah and it
just doesn't matter nobody cares nobody
cares all right so the first thing that
the president did was he erased the rest
of the news there is other news but he
erased it nobody's gonna care about the
rest of the news for a while all right
so if he was trying to just distract
from the ice raids which were getting
pretty bad publicity it worked
unless you think that this new thing is
even worse than the ice raids in which
case you'd have to say well then it
didn't work you made things worse you
you made it twice as bad you had a
problem - a problem but here's what we
know president Trump's approval rating
among the Republican
just hit something like 90% does anybody
believe they're Republicans who have
supported the president up to this point
are gonna are gonna bailout because CNN
won't report the entire tweet maybe a
few I think some people will say this is
the last straw I backed him up until now
but now I'm going over the edge somebody
say 94% 94% approval that would be
pretty spectacular so I would say that
Republicans are trained we are trained
to know that the news is not reporting
the entire quote and if they did you
would see it completely different
because you know what racists don't say
here's what racists don't say make sure
you come back if you leave out the
second part of the quote where he says
go back to wherever you came from and
fix it and then come back and show us
how if you leave out the come back part
sounds pretty bad yes of course see and
then we'll leave that out continually
and they will not they will not
apologize all right so you're saying
exactly the same play as the fine people
hoax and the feeding the feeding the
goal was at the goldfish or whatever he
was feeding in Japan same as the
Covington kids give me some more
examples what are some more examples
where the story the entire story is from
only showing half of the quote yeah the
koi pond
I'm sorry not goldfish it was a koi pond
and the koi fish he was he was fixing he
had to come back hoax somebody's saying
we should call this the hashtag comeback
hoax
maybe so all right so here's the first
question you should ask yourself would
Trump have said the same thing to Peter
Thiel if Germany was a mess and more of
a mess than this let's say if Germany
was a basket case of a country
and Peter Thiel was he's not I'm just
using this as an Apple Peter teal does
not rip on the United States but suppose
he did suppose you ripped on the United
States could you imagine trash-talking
President Trump under those conditions
saying to Peter Thiel hey why don't you
go back where he came from fix that and
then you know when you're so smart come
back and fix it here could you imagine
him saying that to someone who is not a
person of color yes yes you could could
you imagine that
president Trump would use a birtherism
attack against a white candidate you
don't have to imagine he used it against
Ted Cruz so obviously he spreads the
love around so but done that this will
matter right nobody's gonna say well
hypothetically if had been Peter Thiel
in the universe where Peter Thiel says
bad things about the country he doesn't
and in in a world where Germany was more
of a basket case it isn't what if it had
been it would be easy to imagine now you
also have the the fact-checking
because apparently only one of the the
squad as they're called you know I'm
talking about the Fab Four the squad I
think Tucker Carlson calls them the four
morons of the apocalypse but they have
lots of names but you know it's the four
freshmen Congress women and only one of
them was born in another country
representative Omar was from Somalia and
I guess she became a citizen a seventeen
but probably came to the country even
younger
now what assumes that this is mostly
about Somalia but since he said
congresswomen what was he thinking
what was the President of thinking when
he said when he put it in the plural
when in fact only one of the four
Congress women was from another country
well probably the same thing most of you
thought let's check this
let's check this in your comments how
many of you thought that at least one
other of the Fab Four was from another
country or at least boarded in another
country so let me see in the comments
how many of you believed that at least
one other person besides Omar of the Fab
Four was born in another country all
right and I'm seeing in the comments
some people are saying that it's too
late I don't know if I can pronounce yet
slide to lay B so I looked it up look it
up again where was probably everybody's
looking at this today because I think
she was born and she was born in Detroit
Michigan all right but how many of you
thought the Rashida to libe was born in
another country I did I did
now I was wrong look how many people in
the comments believed that Rashida Talib
was born in another country quite a few
do we think that the president knew the
facts and was just pretending he didn't
well probably not because if you look at
the comments most of us thought she came
from another country but here's the fun
part
she didn't what does it tell you that
you think an American congresswoman was
born in another country part of why you
think that is that you think that she's
acting in an American Way that's part of
the reason right nobody's looking at you
know nobody's looking at other members
of Congress and wondering where they
were born there's something about her
her actions which which mislead you
there's something that feels on American
about the way she presents herself the
way she talks about the country
that that fools you into thinking that
she maybe she wasn't even born here
because it feels to you it's incorrect
this is not true but it feels to you
like there's a lack of loyalty to the
country that would be hard to explain if
you were born here and and brainwashed
like the rest of us to you no salute the
flag and love your country now I've
talked quite a bit about the impact of
brainwashing our our youth so they
become good citizens and I would
speculate that if somebody came after
the brainwashing phase in other words if
somebody came to America at age 19 or
whatever that they would have missed the
brainwashing now they might actually be
better Americans than the brainwashed
because in many cases they would choose
to come here because they liked it so if
you know if I had to decide who's more
American somebody who made a decision to
sacrifice to come here versus someone
who got brainwashed and they were just
born here I would say I'm pretty
favorable about the person who made a
decision to come here because that was
an adult decision an adult decision to
love the United States I'm okay with
that I love that but you've missed some
of the brainwashing so so it's easy to
imagine that you maybe didn't get
socialized you're brainwashed the same
way maybe you have a little lack of
patriotism I would say it's certainly
not true if you made an adult choice to
come here let's say you were you know
hypothetically this does not apply to
any of the congresswoman but if you came
here as let's say you came here at age
16 because your parents told you to you
would have missed the brainwashing but
you also would have missed you would not
have been your decision necessarily so
you can imagine that other people would
get in their heads that you were you
were not quite on the team necessarily
your loyalties might be split none of
that applies to the actual people we're
talking about all right but these are
all the the biases and things that float
around in your head so the point here is
this
my guess and solely a guess because we
can't read the president's mind is that
he thought at least two of them were
born in other countries and about a
whole lot of Republicans think the same
thing I don't know how many Democrats
think yet but because of the way they
act Omar and Slade you kind of think
maybe they were born in another country
now aoc I think we just know more about
her so but I have to actually check to
make sure that she wasn't born in Puerto
Rico
now Puerto Rico would still be
considered born in the United States but
it was her parents because she's talked
about her Porto Rican roots so I
actually had to look it up I don't know
how many of you how many of you knew
that a OC was born in New York but her
parents were born in Puerto Rico how
many of you thought that she too was
born in Puerto Rico which would be fine
you know I'm not I'm not making a
comment on that but how many thought
that fact was true
probably a few anyway so the president
often gets the details of the fact
checking wrong but as I often say he is
directionally accurate
this too is a wrong fact which is
directionally accurate what he's
questioning here is not the actual you
know birth certificate he's questioning
people's loyalty and whether they're
American enough so that's that's the
question but you got a detail wrong
which makes it look far worse than it is
so that detail getting wrong accentuates
the fact that it's taken in a context in
the first place because they don't show
the second part of the quote and then
because of the fact that's wrong had it
been two of them were born in another
country you'd say okay he's just talking
about these two but given that he said
multiple people but only one of them was
actually born in another country that's
what gives you permission to say ah it
must be a racist thing because that's
the only way to explain this fact but
there's two ways to explain it one is
just wrong fact all right here's what is
the clever part about this this is part
you're waiting for this is why you come
on this periscope to to get the bottom
line on on the persuasion here all right
so now let's talk persuasion and
strategy so we've talked about the facts
we've talked about how people feel about
it is it going to work in other words is
there some objective the president would
have that is served by this well the
Democrats are going to say there he goes
again with his racist whistles or in
this case they're saying it's not even a
whistle it's a direct racist statement
to make his base happy at the same time
the president is tweeting out that he's
got the highest Republican approval
level of any president ever so do you
think that the president's strategy is
was to act racist to get Republicans to
support him no he had every Republican
that's going to support him he had them
all if that was his strategy that he
would be a very stupid man can we agree
on that let's see if we can agree on
this if it were true that the president
and then last thing this is true I'm
saying hypothetically if the president
thought to himself hey I think I'm gonna
say something that's pretty blatantly
racist and if it's not blatant it's
certainly a whistle that they're gonna
hear so either way they're gonna get the
message so I'm gonna do this really
racist thing because this will get me
more Republican supporters if he thought
that could we all agree that would be
the dumbest man who ever lived we'd
agree with that right now would that
approach get him more Democrats to cross
over and vote no it would not
so we can all agree that if he was
thinking that to intentionally be racist
and you'd have to say
anybody who wrote this tweet knew it was
gonna be provocative I think we can
agree on that
he didn't tweet this because he thought
it would be ignored he tweeted this to
get attention to this message listen
we'll talk about why so one one theory
that the this the CNN people are gonna
have to wrestle with is if it's true
their interpretation in my mind if their
interpretation is true he is also no too
stupid to eat and get dressed so it must
also be true that if we were to see
what's happening behind closed doors
there's somebody every day who comes up
to him and says mr. president I know you
can't tie a necktie after all these
years but we'll get rid of the dumb
person here okay you're gone this is
there must be somebody behind closed
doors who's teaching how to tie his news
necktie everyday because he would be he
would be too dumb to tie a necktie there
must be somebody who it was like talking
in his ear to say walk up to the the
thing with the microphone and start
talking just just read what's on the
teleprompter he would have to be so dumb
that he wouldn't be able to function in
public if what CMM says is true if it's
true now we'll get rid of for those of
you who are new I block the people who
complain about the sound even when is
true so so one theory from CNN is that
he's the dumbest person in the world and
on top of that he's also racist now I've
often said that being racist in the way
that he's being being accused and being
dumb would be pretty similar you know
that they would be pretty similar but
let's say that he's both according to
CNN now if that were true and remember I
always tell you that you can check your
worldview by
you can check your worldview by whether
it predicts now if this if their
interpretation is correct what would you
predict about this president well you'd
predict that he would do more things
that are so stupid it would look like
he's a five-year-old you know bumping
into things but we don't really see that
we see him doing things that even adults
like Lindsey Graham would would admit
are good ideas we see things that other
Republicans who nobody is calling the
racist also think are good ideas the
essential of the Central Park five is
actually somebody's mentioned that
that's a perfect comparison to this
Central Park five is where the president
did not mention race he mentioned crime
and everybody said why are you being a
racist which wasn't even in it at all
there was there was no mention of race
whatsoever there were some criminals or
alleged criminals in the news and some
actual criminals that I'm not sure if
they caught or not but there were
criminals in the news and the ones that
were most in the news were black and he
did reference that as an example of how
bad things are but he never mentioned
their race that was never part of the
discussion in anybody who thinks that a
discussion of crime is also a discussion
of race is a racist so weirdly enough
the Central Park five uncovered that all
of trumps critics were racist because
when he said hey crime is bad they said
stop talking about black people which of
those two people is racist I'll say it
again one person says crime is bad we
should do something about it
the other person says why are you
talking about black people which of
those two people is the racist that
one's an easy one isn't it all right so
this is the same play where you take
things have in context but here's the
fun part as you know the president has
gotten in the middle between Pelosi and
let's save her representing the
Democrats who are not so happy with the
squad here's the fun part
this is this is the active part of the
tweet this is the whole point right
everything we've talked about up to now
is sort of fun context and in flavoring
but the the meal is driving a wedge
between Pelosi and the rest of the
country and the gang of five gang a four
or whatever there and what this does it
quite brilliantly confuses the entire
situation because remember this is
coming on the heels of AOC implying that
Pelosi was a racist jumping the shark
right what when AOC says that maybe
Pelosi is a racist what did that do to
all of the Democrats who believe that
Trump is a racist but Democrats are not
it was their first taste of what it's
like to be on the receiving end when
Kamala Harris suggested that Joe Biden's
history of his comments on busing were
let's say racially imperfect but not
racially imperfect but in terms of
policy they were imperfect
about something about race that was the
that was also a time when Democrats said
whoa are you are you telling me this
stuff can be turned against us too
we're just normal Democrats we're just
minding our own business now now AMC is
saying maybe we're not quite right on
race what's going on here so that the
president jumps in as you remember and
he vigorously defended and this is one
of the funniest things he's ever done
Pelosi
and he says Pelosi is not a racist do
you see where this is going
wait for it wait until somebody s Pelosi
if Trump is being racist about this she
either has to back here's the fun part
Pelosi either has to back a OC which he
doesn't want to do or she has to back
Trump which he doesn't want to do
Trump has put Pelosi you know and Biden
too and maybe the rest of the Democratic
candidates in the position where there
are two sides and neither of them are
tenable is that even a word if something
can be untenable something can be
tenable right that's really ordered I
think now compare Trump's situation he's
got an unprecedented number of
Republicans who support him despite
every other accusation that's been
leveled against him are they going to
change their mind because of this no
president Trump's poll numbers probably
don't change at all none of this is
going to change his support because
nobody takes it seriously it looks more
like CNM taking stuff and a context but
what's going to happen to the Democrats
the Democrats are watching before their
eyes as this whole you're a racist
you're racist everybody's a racist thing
is tearing their own party apart and
it's confusing the whole picture what
Trump has done is taken the the least
popular group within the Democrat Party
meaning the least popular not only among
the Democrats themselves but of course
Republicans too he's taken the least
popular among them and put here's the
key all of the attention on them if
there's one thing that I've taught you
it's that facts don't matter to our
decision-making process in politics my
facts do matter to outcomes I always
have to say that in case you forget they
do matter to outcomes but the way we
think about things the way we decide to
vote to the things we decide to support
facts not so important what does matter
is what we put our energy up
president Trump always operates on the
energy level it's how he took out Jeb
Bush it's why he does these giant
rallies its energy is why he has the
tech summit at the the White House of
all these you know these folks who were
controversial its energy everything he
does is energy
this this tweet is was to create a
tremendous amount of energy and focus it
on the one place the Democrats do not
want to focus there is nothing there was
less like to talk about than the schism
between Pelosi and and the the squad
what has Trump cause them to talk about
that now they're gonna have a day or so
of just talking about Trump's quote and
a context and when they do that when
they're done with that they're sort of
gonna have to ask Pelosi what she thinks
they're sort of had gonna have to ask
every person who's running do you back
the squad or do you back to Pelosi
she Trump is making people's take sides
in a fight that they can't win but his
but his support probably won't change at
all
it probably won't change at all so the
other thing so there's those are the two
things that happen one is that the focus
is being put exactly where the Democrats
don't want it it's gonna stay there a
while because he put you through so much
red meat into the into the shark pond
that there's just no way they can avoid
this they can't avoid it and it's
everything that they shouldn't be
talking about they won't be talking
about overcrowded you know border
security they won't be talking about
anything he doesn't want to talk about
you'll just be talking about that all
right but here's the other thing it
feels like a almost a they swing from
the fence using a baseball analogy it
feels like what the president saw was a
pretty big crack in the the Democrats
and that crack had to do with the fact
that their primary weapon
hey you're a racist had been turned
against them by their own party that's a
big problem because it D legitimizes the
entire approach and in effect it D
legitimizes their primary weapon their
primary weapon is hey you people on the
other side our races
as soon as I start accusing each other a
big racist they don't have it they don't
have a weapon so this looks like the
president seeing a crack and just
running up to it and punching it as hard
as they can to see if he can finish him
off this looks like a decapitation
strike a decapitation strike it looks
like he said well if I take a run at it
and it doesn't work out I've got lots of
news cycles between now and the election
day for this to get erased but if I do
take a run at it and it makes the whole
thing fall apart you know if he finally
makes a decapitation strike and just
destroys the Democrats by making them
fight with each other over who wins
AOC or Pelosi if he can make that the
primary fight instead of the fight
between any of them and him he wins now
do you think that the let's put it this
way is it obvious to you that the
president in not just these tweets but
in general is it obvious to you that the
president is trying to stoke the fight
between Pelosi and Biden the let's say
the the more rational conservative
middle people of the Democrats and their
radical side isn't is it not obvious
he's trying to make them fight it is
obvious not it's obvious not just in
this tweet but it's obviously there's
other comments does this tweet get him
more of what he obviously wants which is
more conversation about these fringe
characters which by the way I saw it I
saw a poll that said even Democrats by a
huge majority don't like the squad they
do not like Democrats there's a they
have very small support even among
Democrats they're very unpopular because
I think the Democrats know that the
squad is going to cost them the election
if there were no squad would with the
reasonable people in the the Democrat
candidates have
good chance of beating Trump did have a
pretty good chance I'm not sure that it
would be enough but they'd have a pretty
good chance I mean at least they would
be in the striking distance but if he
can if he can keep hammering at this
difference and he's trying to brand the
Democrats by the the four worst
Democrats right the four worst Democrats
are so bad that he can imply that they
were born in another country and people
say sounds right they don't sound very
loyal to this country I mean the very
fact there's so many of you believed
that t'lay be I wish I could pronounce
her name right I'm not I'm not
intentionally saying it's wrong but the
fact that so many of you thought she was
born in another country it's because you
thought her loyalties weren't in place
it's not because of her ethnicity I
don't think anybody thinks that they see
a member of Congress who looks like a
slightly different ethnicity the first
thing you think is not I think that
we're born in another country am i right
is there anybody who would see I don't
know who Leanne Castro or something you
know if you saw him in Congress would
you ever say well Julian Castro must
have been born in another country you
wouldn't it wouldn't even you wouldn't
even think about it you would just think
they were born in this country of course
but with Slaby
Talib to lead or somebody's helping me
pronounce it here Talib I think somebody
else is saying slave slave yeah whatever
it is and I apologize for saying it
wrong I'm not trying to do that so yeah
so the things that their news will not
report and that's why you come to me is
that so many people thought they were
born in other countries that president's
incorrect fact or an incorrect
assumption whatever it was still feels
true if feels like they were born in
other countries because of their lack of
their perceived lack of loyalty to
patriotism and
to this country now have you noticed
that already the Fab Four have been
forced here's the bet this might be the
best part have you noticed that the news
is going to continually ask the Fab Four
about their loyalty to this country and
the Fab Four will have to declare their
loyalty to the country or say they're
not if they declare their loyalty to the
country they lose their base if they say
that they're not loyal to if they say
they are loyal to the country they lose
the basis they say they're not loyal
they lose everything so the two choices
that they have is to lose their base or
to lose everything so the only two
choices I think that they're gonna say
oh yeah we're a were more American than
you are one of the most American people
we love Flags more than you do
look let me let me let me salute this
flag right in front of you I am so gonna
salute this flag I'm gonna salute this
flag harder than you are mr. Trump watch
me salute in this flag so everybody is
in an awkward situation now it doesn't
seem like it yet because at the moment
the news is simply talking about the
tweet do you know what phase two is
phase two is asking all the Republicans
about the tweet like they did with the
head of whatever immigration or
something so asking asking Republicans
to comment it is phase one do you know a
Phase two is asking Democrats what they
think of it that's where the fun is
trump is literally two moves ahead move
one he loses because the tweet looks bad
so in his first move he sacrifices a
piece it moved to they talked to all the
Republicans and the Republicans are
embarrassed by the tweet and even they
disowned it president Trump loses
another piece so he's playing chess and
he's giving up two pieces right off the
bat two pieces
and I would say those are clearly lost
pieces right nobody's gonna disagree the
tweet loses in the piece on the on the
board and then when the Republicans talk
they further distance themselves from it
and then he loses another piece and then
is the part where they realized that the
Democrats can't hold together through
this controversy or at least there's
gonna be a bigger rip than there was
before and the not only has he branded
the Democrats with this very unpopular
wing of the squad but they're gonna have
to work it out and that is the end game
the end game after sacrificing two
pieces is he's going to leave the
Democrats critically wounded and that I
would say is probably the play so let me
let me complete the picture if if CNN's
interpretation of these events is
correct the president is the dumbest
person in the world and so dumb I think
you'd agree that he'd have trouble
getting dressed and certainly there's no
way he could lead the country to
successful outcomes before going on to a
landslide victory to a second term would
you agree if CNN is right that he's so
dumb they thought that tweet would be a
good idea to just throw up some racism
well if he's really that dumb in that
racist nothing good could happen from
here on him right I mean that makes
sense nobody that dumb could get good
results if I'm right in this analysis
and let's just call it a filter let's
not even call it right or wrong let's
not personalize it let's just say that
the evidence supports at least two
hypotheses one hypothesis is that he's
so dumb and racist he thought saying
dumb racist things in public was going
to help him and the other is that this
is a intentional employ to get close to
what feels like it could be sort of
almost
except for the part where he said once
you figured out in your other country
come on back and show us how to do it so
tactically it wasn't what people are
reporting they're reporting it out of
context so he goes up to the line he
knows that he's stirring people up and
he's completely going to create a
situation where the Democrats have to
fight this out they can't ignore it the
news will make such a big deal about
this that Pelosi and Biden and all of
the Democrats are going to have to
answer the question which team are you
want and if they throw the Socialists
under the bus then the people running
for president have to explain why the
people they're throwing the throwing
under the bus are influencing all their
policy decisions and if they if they
don't throw them well basically it's a
it's a lose-lose situation all right and
how about those ice raids which we're
not hearing about at all and by the way
CNN is doing the same thing with the ice
raids that they're doing with this story
which is they leave out the second part
so here's the part that that that CNN
reports ice is gonna be knocking on
doors and taking families out and maybe
separating them and deporting people
okay that's all true and terrible all
right so let me let me say as clearly as
I can I'm very Pro immigrant but I also
think you need a some kind of rules I
think those rules should be generous but
you should have rules so that the United
States is in charge of our immigration
and we're not delegating it to the
randomness of who decides to come so I
like the United States to have control
over the decision but once we have full
control over our borders I'd like to
crank it up you know we should do as
much as we can within the parameters of
what makes sense so certainly I'd like
to see lots of immigration but within
controlled parameters I think that's
reasonable what was I even talking about
I had this great point I was going to oh
so we're talking about the the ice raids
so when see you then talks about them
they'll just say the first part that the
ice people are dragging immigrants out
and ship in the back and it leads you to
believe that it's the beginning of all I
don't know 12 million or 20 million
people being deported which of course is
ridiculous and that's what it looks like
CNN would like you to believe this is
the beginning of lots of this the part
they leave out is that these are people
who specifically have recent deportation
orders they're not the people who have
been here 20 years they're not the
people who came in and you know are
successfully working and they have a
family it's not those people and they
leave that part out to turn it into if
Scott believes there is a trump plan
he's disappointed I'm not sure I use I
try to stay away from strategy and plan
because a lot of life is responding to
the situation as best you can so you
don't often have a long-term plan
because as soon as the bullets start
flying yeah the plan goes out the window
and Trump tweeted the a or C is a
communist did that just happen
well hold on hold on hold on people
let's see if Trump tweeted that
here's his communist let's see Trump
alright I guess it's a quote from
somebody else so Trump tweeted quote we
all know that a OC and this crowd are a
bunch of Communists they hate Israel
they hate our own country they're
calling the guards along our border the
border patrol agents concentration camps
guards they accuse people who support
Israel as doing it for the Benjamins
what which is which is a good thing to
bring up what does it mean for America
to have free health care for illegal
nope no criminalization of coming into
our country see how that works for
controlling immigration they talk about
Israel like they're a bunch of thugs not
victims of the entire region they wanted
to impeach the president the politics
will destroy the country okay so it's
Lindsey Graham who is the source of the
quote so you have to read pretty far to
find out that it's Lindsey Graham and
then in there's earlier quote today said
if Democrats want to unite around the
foul language and racist hatred spewed
from the mouths and actions of these
very unpopular representatives so what
the president's done is he's dragged the
Fab Four into the mud with him and I
think the calculation here is that the
president can be accused of being the
racist all day long and he just gets
reelected but these four can't they're
not going to be able to survive being
accused of being racists they won't be
able to survive in their own party so I
think the president is joining forces
with Pelosi even though she hates it to
accuse the Fab Four a big racists so let
me summarize the president through his
tweets and especially his recent
supportive of Pelosi not being a racist
has joined with Pelosi against her will
to call Pelosi as enemies racists and he
and he can back it up the the the squad
as they're called they do have a body of
comments that a reasonable person could
interpret as racist unfortunately the
president has lots of comments which are
also interpreted as racist by also
people who were reasonable probably
wrong but reasonable people so I think
that he's dragged this conversation into
the mud and he's the only one who is
good at wrestling in mud so
congratulations everybody
you created this big pile of mud
you threw the president into it and then
he dragged um to see who can win in a
mud fight and I would not bet against
President Trump in a mud fight somebody
says excuses excuses got given up so I'm
gonna add so what am i I'm just blocking
all the people were just unpleasant
people so if you have a reason for your
opinion please offer it I always like
reasons if you come here just to say I'm
dumb
give it up I'm a whatever then we just
don't want you here and it's not that I
say you shouldn't have an opinion I just
don't want to hear it's just a
Entertainment decision it's no fun all
right so some of the tells that I
surfaced the other day for somebody who
is not using thinking when everybody
anybody says so look for this woman this
is on this somebody is going to say
Scott what the president said is racist
period if they add the period it means
they don't want to talk about reasons
they don't want to talk about context
they don't talk about anything if they
say end of story
it means they don't want to talk about
reasons and when people say Scott you're
an apologist it's because they don't
want to talk about reasons they don't
want to talk about what I said they
don't want to talk about facts they
don't want to talk about anything that
would reveal they don't have a counter
opinion so when they come after me for
being an apologist or they say Scott
just stop just stop
yeah or a full stuff that's the other
one . . so here's somebody saying scotty
the shill so so that person is triggered
into cognitive dissonance but they're
blocked period yeah
end of line it's the end of the
conversation
you're an apologist
stop making excuses it all means the
same thing all of it means the same
thing it means that I can't talk about
this on the level of reasons and details
in context and I just give up but I'm
still mad so I'm going to be mad at you
instead of the situation all right let's
talk about something else
potentially gigantic that's gonna be
totally buried in the news
so speaking of Lindsey Graham Lindsey
Graham and Jack Keane who I believe is
General Jack Keith if I'm correct
retired general so both of them authored
an article there was in The Wall Street
Journal and listen to how interesting
this is it's about the Iran nuclear
situation so Lindsey Graham and Jack
Keane
now one assumes that they're working on
the same side as the president so if you
see that Lindsey Graham and Jack keen
wrote an article about foreign policy
and it's in it's in The Wall Street
Journal
what do you assume about it well what
you assume about it is that it's an a/b
test an a/b test so if the president
suggested this idea it would be a little
too dangerous
because if the public hated this idea
the president would be forever tagged
with this idea and then he'd have to
defend it without even knowing if it was
a good idea but if Lindsey Graham and
Jack keen write an article and it's
published in The Wall Street Journal
then people say oh well it's not the
president it's two people who would like
to maybe influence the plaza president
and if people take to this article and
it gets a lot of clicks and people say
huh that's a pretty good idea then the
president can adopt it but the president
is insulated at the moment cleverly
because if the idea dies in public he
doesn't ever have to take responsibility
for it but I assure you that the
president has heard this idea it's fair
to speculate that that's true not
guaranteed but I would say it's in the
high ninety percent chance that Lindsey
Graham has spoken to the president on
this exact topic
the president is letting him test it
down in public here's the idea and by
the way mark Schneider who talks about
the green nuclear deal and it's my
source for all things nuclear along with
Michael Luna Shellenberger who is great
on this too this is an idea that may
sound familiar
the idea is to be okay with Iran having
nuclear energy but have the fuel rods
supplied by an outside country that is
not the United States because obviously
Iran would not want to depend on the
United States for any part of their
nuclear energy program now since Iran is
saying that the reason that they want to
develop nuclear is for internal energy
purposes Lindsey Graham and Jack keen
have suggested in this Wall Street
Journal article that the United States
might be okay with them developing a
robust nuclear energy program so long as
the parts that could be weaponized the
the fuel comes from a third party which
they suggest could be Russia and/or
China if they're smart they'll use both
of them because then you have two
sources so you never have one of you
don't you never want a single source for
anything beyond that even the United
States would probably sell them fuel
rods so even if let's say you know for
some reason Russia and China decided not
to well as long as they're really just
using it for domestic energy and we can
confirm that even the United States
would sell them fuel rods because it's
just stuff you sell but we'd have to be
sure that they needed them now they
don't need to buy from us because they
don't trust this and they would never be
okay with that
but as long as they can buy from the cup
of the countries that already have
nuclear China and Russia and surely
those countries have the capability and
the reason to provide fuel rods then
Iran will never have the type of
materials in their own control that
could make a nuclear bomb they would
have a robust energy program and they
wouldn't have to depend on the United
States for anything
pretty good right now what the article
from Graham and key and points out quite
cleverly is that even if Iran says no to
this deal or even the outlines of this
as a deal if say if they say no to it it
will have revealed quite clearly and I
think this is accurate it will reveal
that they didn't want nuclear technology
for energy that they wanted it for a
bomb so somebody's yelling at me
Iran wants a bomb all in capital Evers
they want a bomb maybe it's entirely
possible that Iran only wants a bomb and
that's the whole purpose right it's
possible but what's fun about this and
clever about it is that they don't say
that they say they wanted for domestic
energy purposes so this offer would test
that it would allow them first of all it
would allow them an escape hatch that's
compatible with everything they've said
as far as I could tell if Iran had the
option of developing nuclear energy
which is what they say they want and
they had a real path to it no jokes you
know no tricks that's real past all that
happening if they say no to it the only
conclusion you could make is that their
real game is nuclear weapons and if we
come to that point where they're they
can't hide it anymore or they can't be
clever anymore they can't they can't you
know redirect our attention to domestic
energy if we know what the game is then
we can be a lot more serious about how
we treat it and the country and the
world will say okay you tried to make a
deal right now the world looks at the
situation that says president Trump
you're just making things worse nobody's
talking you don't see any negotiations
this is just getting worse etc but if we
put this offer on the table and Iran
turns it down just turns it down flat as
in we don't even want to talk about it
if that happens
and there's no limit to what we can do
in terms of responding to Iran it would
take all the limits off because that
would be a statement in clear terms that
their plan is to build a nuclear weapon
and and we're not going to stand for
that somebody's talking about Bitcoin
we'll see what bitcoins doing today
let's check out an Bitcoin
that's a good one to check on every once
in a while down 6% so that's not too
cool
Twitter's up Twitter's up a full
disclosure I bought a bunch of Twitter
stock about 30% ago so I'm making a
killing on Twitter stock because it
looked undervalued to me by the way I
don't see anything that's ever gonna
happen to Twitter I don't see any of the
competitors ever really getting that
getting much of a hold and and I do
think that Twitter is different from the
other social platforms I think Twitter I
believe Twitter could actually get a
handle on the the real or perceived bias
and I think there's probably a path
where Twitter gets to a good place long
before Google and long before Facebook I
think Google and Facebook have some real
issues with the government and with the
public that they're going to have to
work out Twitter also has a lot of
questions to answer something I'd like
answered but I think they have a real
shot at figuring it out internally with
maybe a little government help we'll see
all right let's see what else you got to
say so those were the main things I
wanted to talk about today
I hope you all saw a bill pulled days
live money awarded to a veteran it was
just the greatest live-streaming ever so
bill Polti as you know is decided he's
gonna give away a hundred thousand
dollars of his own money maybe more
we'll see
and he's giving it to people who just
make a case weren't they just say I
desperately need xmn money for whatever
purpose he's got some people who help
him look through the requests he picks
one on once in a while and I watched
live yesterday as he brought somebody on
the line and had them describe their
problem and then gave him I think $5,000
and watching the gentleman just break
down in tears was amazing
so Baba so that's happening and we see a
lot of people picking up on it and
finding their own ways to give etc and I
think bill Polti who you should follow
at-at polt a pul T at Polti followed him
and you'll see some of these these
giveaways coming up in the following
months and it will be amazing it will be
amazing all right that's all I got for
today go off and have an amazing time
and I will talk to you tomorrow