bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump
bump bump bump bump hey everybody come
on in you got to get in here early if
you want to hear the theme song and you
got to get in here early if you want to
drink the coffee with the simultaneous
sip if you've tried coffee without the
simultaneous sip yes all right it's not
bad coffee is pretty good but if you've
had it with the simultaneous sip
enjoying the the camaraderie the
togetherness that is coffee with Scott
Adams well you've taken it to a whole
new level yeah this coffee is not just
about the flavor
it's not about the water and the beans
and the amazing way that they are
combined no it's about how you feel and
how you're gonna feel is really good and
it's coming up here we go grab your mug
your vessel your cup your glass with
your beverage and enjoy the simultaneous
it mmm
okay I close my eyes to really a good
sip of coffee
the simultaneous sip you should think of
it as well I was gonna make a terrible
analogy but this isn't the time all
right let's talk about a few things I
just tweeted a little exchange from Josh
Rogin he's a reporter for a Washington
Post appears on CNN and he says the
following and this you can put this
under the umbrella of Trump derangement
syndrome so this is Josh Rogin tweeted
today or last night I guess enough with
the quote there was no collusion
if Trump and his team were useful idiots
or fellow travelers for the Russian
military and
intelligence attack on our country
that's bad enough what what let me read
it again if Trump and his team were
useful idiots or fellow travelers for
the Russian military intelligence attack
on our country that's bad enough
so collusion apparently were giving up
on collusion now right because if an
anti-trump er says enough with there's
no collusion and then he changes he
changes the description of what is Kalu
dia nuff alright so he's gonna say well
yeah he's kind of indicating let's just
nudge the goalposts a little bit right
because it looks like we've missed the
goal with this collusion stuff we've
been hammering for two years but maybe
we could just make the goal a little bit
bigger and then a bit bigger so now it's
not enough that that they're charging
collusion but they can't find any in any
kind of a legal sense so he's changed
the definition of what's similarly bad
so similarly similarly bad too collusion
would be something called useful idiots
I don't know exactly what that is
how was how was Trump a useful idiot
when he was running for president and
didn't have any power I'm not sure
exactly what the evidence for the useful
idiot part is or here's my favorite part
or fellow-travellers for the Russian
military intelligence what exactly does
that mean
to be a fellow traveler well I'll tell
you what it means collusion is something
that is at least a little bit definable
you know if you saw something that was
collusion we probably all recognize it
and we'd say oh okay that
with that right there that's some
collusion going on but it turns out they
can't find anything that people would
generally look at and agree is collusion
there you know in the Trump derangement
syndrome world you know in their mass
hysteria they can see stuff but the rest
of the world who's not in there
delusional bubble doesn't see the
collusion so they need something that
they can see inside the trumped
arrangement bubble but that they hope
the people outside the bubble can also
see and so it looks like they've given
up perhaps on collusion and now it might
be something like a useful idiot which
is defined how we see that's the trick
it's sort of anything you want it to be
but how about a fellow traveler huh
what does it mean to be a fellow
traveler so there's a lot of give up in
that and then somebody challenges Josh
Rogin for a statement and then Josh
comes back and says there is a ton of
evidence there's tons of it that Trump
encouraged the attacks and promoted the
stolen material denying that is absurd
and of course the very next person comes
in and says he did not encourage hacking
he was joking about finding Hillary's
30,000 emails and Josh says watch him
move the goalposts again
josh says Russians didn't take it as a
joke they acted on his suggestion that's
the mind-reading illusion how does Josh
Rogin know what Russian strangers were
thinking how do you know that I mean I
think it's fair for someone to say Trump
is obviously joking because we know what
a joke looks like all right we can we
could recognize a joke
and I'm a professional I'm a
professional at recognizing jokes and I
tell you and my professional capacity
that was a joke now would the president
be happy if those emails showed up pure
but I don't think he reasonably well let
me not me at mind read so he so Josh
Rogin turns to the Russians didn't take
it as a joke we don't know what Russians
are thinking that's crazy talk
now here's another trump derangement
syndrome thing my representative out
here in California
Eric SWA wealth tweeted today that he
took a I guess a town hall hike so he
went on a hike with some constituents
and he reports that his constituents are
worried they're very worried about Trump
meeting privately with Putin now why
would somebody be worried about that
what what is the scenario that causes
worry I'm trying to imagine what could
go wrong in that meeting there would be
worthy of the word worry to me I would
say that by far the most likely outcome
is nothing yeah nothing important that's
the most likely outcome
probably just a conversation because
it's not going to be alone alone there
will be interpreters so as long as you
have interpreters in the room unless you
plan to kill them both after the meeting
whatever they say is good chance they're
going to get out eventually if not today
someday
[Music]
so here's my guess of how that meeting
goes and this is just a guess right I'm
not reading minds I'm just speculating
so don't put too much credibility on
this but if I had to guess from my
perspective not being in the Trump
derangement syndrome that meeting would
go like this hey Vlad you know I'm glad
we got this chance to talk let's talk
about this hacking and all the different
problems that we have you know here's
the deal being our friend
is a good deal if you are our friend you
could have much better economy we could
cooperate on stuff you know there could
be good things happening if if you were
our friend but you put me in kind of a
bind because if you try to hack our
elections again first of all you're
gonna get caught because you know we can
catch you and second of all I'm not
going to ignore it now the public might
not know what I do but let me give you
an example
Vlad of what's going to happen you see
the lights in Moscow look out the window
it's it's evening let's say it's evening
look out the window I'm gonna make the
lights and Moscow blink three times and
Vlad goes what but he says it in Russian
I don't know how you say what did
Russian he goes that yeah look out the
window and now the lights in Moscow go
blink and turn off it just goes dark
then they come back on and then they
blink again goes dark and then it comes
back on and then he looks at Putin ego's
any questions
we're done here all right let me
reiterate being our friend
is a really good deal nice to meet you
I'm glad we had this chat now my guess
is that that behind closed doors by the
way if you heard any reports of how
tough the president can be behind closed
doors when nobody's watching
now we don't know if you'll play it
tough or real player friendly my guess
is it will play a friendly but that
here's threat will be really good my
guess is that Trump is going to deliver
in person the threat of all threats yeah
I think he's going to deliver to Putin
an offer of a great future if we just
stop talking with each other sorry
screwing with each other there's just no
reason for us to be doing it and yeah
there's just nothing to be gained by us
being enemies really and but the
downside you know should you embarrass
me again by continuing to mess with our
elections things are gonna get really
really bad for you bad in a way that you
don't imagine and I think he's gonna
leave Putin worrying that somebody on
his staff might accidentally hack
thinking it was still okay so I would
call a a victory in that meeting should
be that when Trump walks out the biggest
problem that Putin has let me say that I
might say this twice just because the
point is important when when Trump is
done with him privately
the biggest problem that Putin should be
worrying about when he leaves that
meeting is that there might be someone
within the Russian you know hierarchy
who hasn't gotten the memo to stop
hacking the elections that should be his
biggest problem he should think to
himself
holy I need to stop this cold and I
need to stop it right away
I hope there's not some hacker who
doesn't get the memo and is trying to
trying to hack into something in America
right now because I'd like my lights to
stay on so I think that's what's going
to happen I think Putin will leave that
meeting worried and if he doesn't leave
the meeting worried then president Trump
has not done his job but I suspect he
will and I don't you know we may never
know what happens in the meeting all
right let's talk about climate change
collusion
now in the other movie of course they'll
just collude I suppose somebody sent
around I don't how reliable any of this
stuff is whenever you see a chart or
data on climate change the first thing
you should say is it's probably not
accurate or it's taken out of context or
it's it's a political chart it's not
really trying to be accurate that sort
of thing but an interesting one around
one went around today ten countries with
the largest reductions and the largest
increases in co2 emissions in 2017 and
apparently the USA is the biggest
reducer of carbon emissions by by a
longshot
interestingly Ukraine and Mexico or you
know right on that list and UK is fourth
I'm kind of impressed with Mexico aren't
you impressed that Mexico is is number
two on number three actually in reducing
co2 emissions
that came as a bit of a surprise to me
but the ones that are you know cranking
up the co2 of course China India Turkey
the EU etc and and so I asked myself how
why is it that we're not seeing a lot
about that Paris climate Accord in the
news is it because the data makes that
story a lot less palatable you know if
you are a trump supporter and you're
looking at that silo of news you
probably have seen seen reports and
again I have no idea how accurate they
are but you should assume everything you
see about climate change is low
credibility doesn't matter which
position is taking it's all low
credibility in my opinion but there's
but there's suggestion that the
temperatures have already cooled now
that could be coincidence and it could
be bad measuring and it could be false
news and it could be lots of things but
it seems that the the urgency for
climate change has really changed when
you say let me just ask you this would
you say it's true that the urgency that
the cut at least this country was
feeling about climate change has largely
evaporated so now I'm not talking about
the reality of the the climate I'm
talking about how people are thinking
about it is it is it my imagination or
the issue just sort of tiptoed off the
stage it's like let me do my impression
of of climate change I would like to do
my well I'll do it in the character of
Dale and it goes like this
the oceans are going to boil we're all
gonna die we're all gonna die that's a
2016 talk
Oh time okay is for all gonna die well
probably gonna die it was a dangerous so
it's kind of dangerous and climate
change it's hot today it's hot today
so doesn't feel like that no again I'm
not a scientist and I don't know I don't
know if climate change is a problem or
not I mean I really would have not have
the tools to answer that question but it
feels to me that the public's impression
of it went from a 10 and a 10 to so
what's for lunch now I call this another
example of the the Adams law of
slow-moving disasters you've heard me
talk about it a lot but every time I see
an example it's worth calling out and
you've we've seen at least I think three
separate technologies in the news that
are all promising and they seem to work
in prototype at least and they look like
they're scalable in which for a trillion
dollars or so we could actually change
the co2 levels fairly directly you know
suck it out of the air or sequester it
don't release it at the source that sort
of things
and when you add that to the fact that
the climate itself is not corresponding
to the predictions because it seems to
be a little cooler at the moment and
then you add that to these co2 in this
country at least going in the right
direction then
and by the way there's something that I
keep saying on Twitter that people keep
complaining about it's one of the
dumbest complaints and I just have to
call it out so when I tweet something
about a new technology that somebody has
tested and seems to work to take the co2
out of the air what does somebody always
come in and comment and not just one
person lots of people they come in and
say the plants need that co2 if we suck
the co2 out of the air it'll be bad for
the trees and bad for the plants that's
the dumbest comment of all time because
you know what would happen if the co2
started to get too low and and became a
danger to the plants we would wait for
it turn off the machines that are
sucking the co2 out of there it's not a
problem all right
that's like saying what if you vacuum
your carpet and you never stop well
they'll be bad because you would starve
to death because you know what if you
went to vacuum your carpet and you just
keep vacuuming forever
what wouldn't you die because you
wouldn't be able to eat you'd be
vacuuming every day no no you probably
wouldn't die in all likelihood when you
got hungry you would stop vacuuming and
go to lunch not the sort of thing to
worry about okay so there's also news
reports about some technology that looks
promising for cleaning up all the micro
plastic in the ocean you've heard about
the giant you know continental sized
islands of plastic in the ocean and you
say to yourself oh oh that looks like a
pretty big problem and it's getting
bigger but
it's another one of those slow-moving
disasters it got pretty big you know
size of Rhode Island or whatever it is
and that's pretty big but you know it's
not that big compared to the ocean and
it was sort of slow-moving we saw it
coming for years and years and years and
so people developed technology and they
figured out figured out what to do with
it there is a story which I just saw
somebody go so go by that's fake news
there's a fake news story that that Elon
Musk donated a large amount to
Republicans
he has already denied it it's fake news
my Twitter and I'm a little disappointed
because my Twitter feed is full of
people saying did you know Elon Musk
donated to Republicans you did not
he has already debunked that he donated
to Peter Thiel I don't think so
now ask yourself why are people going
after Elon Musk
what has Elan musk done to earn our
hatred he tried to rescue some some boys
trapped in a cave and I hear one of the
divers one of the professionals is
saying he can take his little submarine
then he built to try to save those boys
and quote shove it up his ass because it
was just a publicity stunt says the
diver to which I say no it wasn't if
anything that was a legitimate try by a
lot of Engineers who donated their time
probably worked all night you know
sacrificed you know got behind in their
work to try to save those freaking kids
that's all I was but they hate him for
it why else do they hate Elon well they
had to make something up they had to
make up that he was donate
to a Republican cause just so there
would be more hatred
what has Elan musk done to make the
world a worse place nothing
in fact almost everything he does is is
is oriented toward exactly where you'd
want things to go solving some of the
biggest problems in the world so when a
guy like him becomes everybody's a
whipping boy you gotta ask yourself what
the hell is wrong
I saw a I'm switching topics here a
little bit because billionaires make me
think of other billionaires so
apparently a Paraguay has eradicated
malaria it's the I guess it's the first
country I don't know what the criterion
is here but the first country to do that
and I think the Gates Foundation might
have been involved in that I'm not sure
but malaria they eliminated malaria good
goin so there are some amazing things
happening right now we've got technology
for probably solving climate change if
it was ever a problem we've we've got a
technology that's cleaning the plastic
end of the ocean we've got North Korea
sending love letters to our president
did you read that letter from North
Korea to President Trump he calls him
his Excellency that's probably a
translation thing but you know malaria
is on the retreat you know the plastic
is being cleaned up the climates
probably in pretty good shape we seem to
have enough food we seem to have enough
resources like oil and energy etc but
what's our biggest problem in the United
States right now besides poverty in
general there's always there's always
more poverty and then you need right so
that that's sort of a permanent problem
but
let me let me just do one clarification
for those who you were who waited this
long I got into this big discussion
because Hawk Newsom a head of black
lives matter Greater New York
chapter had said that Republicans
perhaps should you know expressly state
their rejection of racism and that that
would be helpful because some things
need to be said I agreed with the
statement some things need to be said
but the problem is if you say quote I'm
not a racist a lot of people pointed out
wait a minute you're saying you know
you're pairing yourself with racism and
you've taught us as I have don't do that
all right when if you say I'm not a
murderer it just makes you sound like
well maybe is I wasn't even thinking
about you being a murderer until you
brought it up so there's a general rule
that you don't want to pair yourself
with a bad idea but there are some
specific exceptions here's an exception
if somebody says you colluded with
Russia there is no word that's the
opposite of colluding I'm innocent
doesn't sound strong enough so you saw
that the president said many many times
did not collude did not collude did not
clue there are some things you just have
to say exactly using the word because
there's no opposite of collusion that
that resonates with people now he did
say you know I'm completely innocent I
did nothing but he had to directly deny
the charge if somebody says you know if
the police say did you murder this
person you should say no I didn't murder
anybody didn't do it so sometimes you
can't avoid using the same word but let
me tell you how to do it right in the
context of Hawkes request I saw a number
of people say okay I'll say it I'm not a
racist wrong
that sentence is the wrong way to do it
and I feel bad because I could have been
I could have done a better job to
explain that here's the right way to do
it
I reject racism in all its forms that's
the right way the wrong way is I'm not a
racist
here's the difference when you say I'm
not a racist
you've brought all the attention unto
you and people quite normally naturally
you're gonna say well why are you even
saying that you must you must be at
least close to a racist or you wouldn't
even have to say it all right so the
wrong way to do it is to is to make
yourself the attention of the statement
I you know I'm not a racist
instead you should make your attention
the world and you say I reject racism
that's out there I'm not even talking
about myself because myself doesn't need
to be talked about I've rejected racism
everywhere I'm a subset of everywhere
but we don't need to talk about me
because not only am i policing myself
but I reject racism to the point where
if I see it happening I'm gonna step in
think about how much stronger that
statement is yeah leave this difference
I'm not a racist well you sound the sort
of sound like one just because you said
that well you know you seem a little
defensive why do you even need to say
you're not a racist there must be
something that happened that was at
least a gray area who's accusing you of
being a racist you know so that's
totally wrong you should say I reject
racism wherever I see it in all its
forms make the focus the world
all right I'm seeing requests to stop
talking about this topic and I hope to
do that I just wanted to make that
clarification because everybody
everybody was asking me that
online so that's the reason I I clarify
the Seth rich conspiracy let's talk
about that if it's true that the
government's case against the Russians
is everything that they say it is then
there's no reason to believe it is by
the way your remember we live in a world
now that when your government says
something is true and we have plenty of
evidence it doesn't mean anything you
know in the old days in the old days
maybe we were just simpler maybe things
were different back then I don't know
but it seemed like if the government
said we have tons of information that
this is true all of our all of our
intelligence agencies say it's true
you'd say oh that's probably true but
ever since I think Iraq and weapons of
mass destruction and then all the way
through everything involving Trump you I
think you can see that we just shouldn't
make that assumption anymore there's no
such thing as a credible government
statement from our government or any
other government it just isn't a thing
now it could be true but you can't
believe it just because they said it now
the intelligence agencies feel that they
are quite confident they know how the
hacking happened which would make the
seth rich conspiracy theory is that a
conspiracy theory the south rich theory
not valid at least not valid in terms of
the idea that he stole anything from
servers
yeah let's call it a theory that's
correct where is Julian Assange is he
really out of contact with the world now
I certainly understand how Julian
Assange might not have a Twitter account
anymore and you know might not be able
to yeah he's still in the embassy but
how in the world could be could he be
cut off from communication because
doesn't mean you just need to talk to
somebody who has a phone you know can't
he just say yeah you know could you send
a tweet for me just say it was for me
how hard would it be
he spoke yesterday oh he has no internet
but he can meet people there's no does
he have human access if he has human
access he has all he needs he just tells
people to send a tweet for him so that
part no visitors so he has no visitors
and no internet is that true only
allowed to talk to lawyers
well if he's a lawyer if he's allowed to
talk to his lawyer then he has access to
the world because the lawyer could just
say hey you watched Julian wants you to
send this tweet can't he I don't know
how that would be illegal nobody has
heard from him in five months not even
lawyers yeah does make me wonder what's
going on there quit being so simple does
being so simple mean that I'm not buying
into conspiracy theories is that what
that means all right
um why haven't we heard anything it's a
good question so I think there's a big
question mark on Assange because I'd
love to know what he knows about all of
this or Russia business who do you
expect to be invaded next well are you
noticing the robustness of the - movie
thing the the idea that Trump colluded
with Russia morphed into well people who
know Trump did unrelated things and they
got indicted for it and that and if but
if you ask people so has collusion been
proven they'll say has it been proven
look at all the people who did unrelated
things to collusion and got caught and
then you look at him and go what I asked
you if President Trump colluded with
Russia and they'll say I just told you I
just told you people who were not Trump
did unrelated things and Muller who is
working on the collusion case indicted
them could it be any clearer and you go
what those feel like different topics
and you know and then they'll change the
subject
squeeze indictments yeah they're called
squeeze indictments when is Lisa page
talking to Congress
have alan dershowitz on periscope with
you that would be interesting except
we'd agree on everything so I'm not sure
I'm not sure if that would be productive
because you know everything he says on
television you would just probably say
to me because I don't have any extra
questions page already did how she
already did okay all right
did I contact Kathy Griffin about being
on periscope
I have not I'm thinking about it but she
would be fun no matter what all right
I'm gonna sign off now I think I've done
enough and I will talk to you all later