well where is everybody come on in come
on in
it's time those of you who are
exercising congratulations
get that pump in there those of you who
were just waking up drinking your coffee
be you commuting I don't know if many
people are commuting Komi
did somebody say Comey this is some
brand new news about Comey before we get
going for what will be probably one of
the most most that's not even word one
of the most amazing coffees with Scott
Adams you've ever had and I'm talking
about from the beginning of time not
even just my lifetime but this will be
the best one you've never had and all
you need is yeah all you need is a cup
of our glass the tanker chalice or Stein
the canteen jug of plastic a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the impaired little pleasure that
dopamine till the day the thing that
makes everything better including this
stupid pandemic kids call the
simultaneous it but it happens now go
[Music]
for those of you who just fast forwarded
at 1.5 speed or to two times speed
watching this you might be watching it
on the locals network for example locals
platform I just did this coffee and now
you just slow down and get to the good
stuff
alright I don't even know where to begin
there are some days that are tragic
there are some days that are just
comedic today would be in the comedic
category in no particular order let me
just tell you some of the news you can
make your own decisions about it
number one the president had some
interesting tweets he apparently is not
too happy with Brian Williams he tweets
the president tweets this lion Brian
Williams of MSDN see a Comcast scam
company wouldn't know the truth if it
was nailed to his wooden forehead now
you can tell me that back in 2016 when
people were saying please don't
normalize this behavior we can't
normalize this behavior aren't you glad
it got normalized would you be laughing
right now if if we had not normalized
this behavior it's the best normalized
behavior ever are you kidding me this is
exactly what I want to be normalized but
was he done was the president done no
this was a - tweeter
yeah whatever Brian Williams did I don't
know what it was he probably had some
bad coverage of the president but
whatever Brian Williams did he earned a
double tweet now when you've done
something so bad that the president
double tweet you that's not a good day
so the president goes on in a second
tweet I must admit that Lyon Brian
Williams is
while dumber than hell quite a bit
smarter than fake News CNN anchor man
Don Lemon the quote dumbest man on
television then you have psycho Joe
quote whatever happened to your
girlfriend
Scarborough another another of the low
IQ individuals that's sorry I'm sorry if
that if you don't find that funny you're
dead on the inside and the funny thing
is the president has probably just some
of the best comedic sensibilities
probably the best you know maybe since
Abraham Lincoln or something comedic
sensibilities because even the order
which he put these things and I'm gonna
talk about that in a little bit the
order he put them was perfect because he
starts out with Lion Brian Williams
because that was his target of the day
but he wants to like throw some other
people under the bus so he's dumber than
hell but he's smarter than quote
anchorman
Don Lemon the dumbest man on television
so he throws Don let him go to the boss
Don Lemon had nothing to do with
whatever whatever Brian Williams dead
and then he just throws in the psycho
joe scarborough quote whatever happened
to your girlfriend oh my god oh my god
now of course the funny part the funny
part is not just that he's saying it and
the funny part is not just that it's
worded comedic ly it's just sort of
perfect but it's funny because he said
it at all that's what makes it funny
part of here's a little humor tip if you
want to know what makes something funny
it's things that don't go together
that's it that's the rule
so you just learned the entire rule of
comedy it's things they shouldn't they
shouldn't be together so it's a logic
that's not quite logical it's a it's two
things that are in the same sentence
that don't belong so anything that
doesn't fit it makes you laugh you know
if you saw a dog wearing a
at you laughs I mean not all of you but
you might laugh because dogs are not
supposed to wear a hat
so the reason the president his tweets
are so funny and I admit it's just of
the base obviously you know his critics
don't think he's funny but what makes it
funny
is not just the fact that it's so
perfectly worded what makes it funny is
that he did it at all because it doesn't
fit right the president is just not
supposed to be saying these things so
that's what makes it funny
if if anybody else in the world had made
the same tweet would it be funny it
wouldn't because it would just be normal
it's like oh people tweet things they
don't like people they say bad things
about public figures that's not this
well the fact that the president is
saying it is what makes it funny so the
president went after gently he gently
went after Bill Mitchell today with a
tweet and this question of whether
Sweden is doing great so Bill Mitchell
as you know is one of the president's
biggest supporters and the internet
world but he he decided to be sort of on
the other side of the president there's
one time and wishes that the economy
would open up sooner than the president
wants it open up so Bill Mitchell
tweeted that you know between that
Sweden was playing it differently and
they were doing it great and Trump
tweets back at Bill Mitchell he goes
really have you looked at the numbers
lately he shows them some numbers so
this Sweden situation is just the
perfect example of how humans can't
agree on anything when it's political
just anything you would think that we
should be able to agree at least on
whether Sweden is doing well or Sweden
is not doing well compared to other
things right wouldn't you think that
would be the easiest thing to agree on
but it turns out that there are smart
people disagreeing on that but the
numbers are starting to look bad for
Sweden so I think Sweden has something
like 10 times more death
than Norway and Finland and Denmark not
not put together but individually
they're just way more deaths in Sweden
but in the whole country of Sweden
they're only 2,500 deaths as of
yesterday I suppose and and everything's
open now
2,500 deaths is a tragedy you know I'm
getting sick of everybody in the in the
public having to remind you that we also
know it's a tragedy when people die
can I just stipulate in case I ever
forget to throw into the middle of my
sentence and of course is a tragedy
when even one life is lost because this
is just too stupid to have to say it
every time but you feel like you have to
do that in public
it's like we'd like to we'd like to open
up sooner not later but even one life
lost is one life to many it's a tragedy
just assume that I'm thinking that if I
don't say it explicitly so I saw navall
rava Conti was tweeting about Sweden and
he's essentially urging people to take a
little closer look at Sweden's numbers
because maybe they're not so good after
all
but Sweden's hospitals have not crashed
right so you actually do have an
argument both ways you have an argument
that they have way more death than
countries that played it differently and
that seems true it seems objectively
true that somebody says no mind-reading
did I say something that would fall in
that category I don't know if I did but
if I did it's fair to call it out um
anyway so there's water argument that
says Sweden's doing terrible and there's
no other argument that says but their
economy is open and their hospitals are
still functioning so if your economy is
open and your hospitals are still
functioning can you say that wasn't the
right play what you can say is that 2500
people died but I don't know if you can
say it was
decision yet I would say it's still
worth watching it's very interesting
yeah I would say if the hospitals get
crashed and it continues to worsen and
it looks like it might it might and that
would be a different story all right
more fun news
you saw that the there were some notes
found from the investigators for the
general Flynn situation but you may not
be completely up-to-date because there
was a another set of notes that were
just found we don't we don't know who is
from but it but I have the notes so
these these are some extra notes we
don't know exactly who is the author but
somebody involved in the Flynn
investigation and others read them to
you these are the actual notes says
Flynn notes at the top point number one
says remember to ask if orange bands
still bad okay
number two threatened kids three kick
pet dog or cat four remember to burn
these notes number five buy milk and
then there's a little drawing at the
bottom of a little stick figure in
general Flynn running away from a giant
phallus labeled labeled whoever wrote
this note so so this looks a little
damning I mean you know I thought those
other notes were bad but but this was
pretty bad so so the president is
teasing us tweeting about the Flynn and
stone as if there's some chance that
they won't be pardoned you know you know
they're either going to be exonerated or
pardoned or or whatever the other words
are there are several words for getting
people and in trouble but I would say at
this point there is no longer any
question whether Flynn will be a free
man and I don't know how to be more
amused by this I really I really don't
know how it does look like Trump is
cleaning the swamp
you know draining the swamp
it it looks like people are gonna go to
jail of course in this world if they get
good enough lawyers I suppose they don't
but I certainly see jailable jailable
activities I mean I'm no expert but it
looks jailable to me so we'll see I have
an update to my theory that the number
of suicides would go down during the
lock you know that during the shutdown
economic shutdown everybody's smart in
the world has predicted that the number
of suicides will go up for obvious
reasons
people are suffering more or they're
locked up they can't do what they want
their freedom is gone they were already
in a bad mood who will make it worse so
I will acknowledge that all the smart
people in the world think that when
we're done with this the number of
suicides will go up during this period I
am going to go to contrarian on this I
haven't seen any numbers on this by the
way if anybody's seen any numbers let me
know so this is without ever seeing any
numbers on it I'm saying that there will
be fewer suicides during the lockdown
period and the following logic applies
and this is a rule that you could use
for many things it's a general rule it's
called the Cheryl the server Theory
Cheryl was a server at a restaurant I
used to and Cheryl once noted because
she had been a server for many years she
had been very experienced she noted that
the customers the you know the amount of
traffic into the restaurant would dip
whenever there was a change so if the
weather got good suddenly there would be
no business at the restaurant but also
if the weather got bad so any big change
in the world whether its tax day world
series it just doesn't matter if there's
anything that changes your normal
routine fewer people go to the
restaurant
so that was Cheryl's theory and I'm
going to use the Cheryl the server
theory to say that the the routine
number of people who would have taken
their own life during this period is
disrupted
because there's just something big in
the world that changed and so the Cheryl
the server Cheryl the server theory says
that even something that you would
expect okay every week there would be
this many people unfortunately taking
their own life that every pattern is
disrupted so doesn't even matter if the
logic says well there's no logical
reason why people shouldn't go to the
restaurant because the weather changed
because you're driving in your car and
people will go to the restaurant all
winter they go all summer why is it just
when it changes that everybody slows
down and part of it is maybe just people
are rethinking their options and you
know they're they're suddenly put off
their game a little bit but I think that
just the disruption in routine will
actually reduce the number of suicides
during the lockdown so that's my
prediction
I'm seeing some tweets that there are
studies I guess three of them I don't
know how good they are he can't trust
any study these days showing a high
correlation between vitamin D levels in
patients and the outcomes so apparently
there are studies showing that if you
have a high level of vitamin D in you
that you have good outcomes and you
recover quickly but people have the
least vitamin D are the ones likely to
be hospitalized and died from the virus
what does that mean you know does that
mean that vitamin D will protect you
from the virus because there's a high
correlation between people who don't
have enough vitamin D and the ones who
die all right
everybody who said yes is wrong the if
you fell for that
here's what you missed how much vitamin
D does somebody in nursing home get none
none if you're bedridden you've got
three comorbidities how much vitamin D
do you have in your body
none house how at-risk are you from the
corona virus
very high wouldn't you expect that the
people who were most likely to die are
also the people who haven't been in the
Sun lately all right do you see it yet
the correlation is backwards so it is
obvious that whether vitamin D worked or
did not work you would find that the
people most likely to die had the least
of it that's guaranteed because the
people most likely to die are literally
inside in nursing homes where they have
three core morbidities and they're not
spending a lot of time hiking right now
it is my assumption the vitamin D is
also useful because there there's so
much science that suggests that so I'm
not telling you that the correlation is
completely reversed I'm just saying that
you really can't make much of it meaning
it's got to be better to have vitamin D
than not right I mean it makes sense
that if you have enough vitamin D you're
going to be in better shape than if
you're not because there's just so much
science the vitamin D is good for you
but I would not trust these studies that
show such a clean correlation because
low vitamin people D are the people who
would die of course because they're
already sick let's say Chris Hayes is
getting in trouble Chris Hayes from
MSNBC because he dared to cover the Tara
Reid accusations against Biden on MSNBC
it turns out that there are a lot of
Democrats who are not really happy about
this they're not happy that Chris Hayes
was covering the story and I was reading
the comments you know and the tweets
about it it's pretty hilarious because
it turns out that people actually
believe Joe Biden might be innocent I
mean obviously not everybody but there
are a substantial number of people in
the country who don't think that the
accusations are credible really now it's
one thing if you say to yourself I can't
know if it happened because of course we
can't know yeah we could be wrong about
anything but when you use the word
credible crap
just means does this story hold together
do all the parts fit is there anything
that would make you question it on the
surface the answer's no on the surface
it's really credible doesn't mean it's
true but it's very credible
so then Chris Hayes is being blamed of
being a Bernie supporter who hopes that
Bernie still has a chance of you know
slipping in there and taking the
nomination maybe there's something to
that I don't know let's say so Germany
decided to ban Hezbollah after a quote
after assessing that the Shia group was
behind a multitude of attacks resulting
in hundreds of deaths and injuries
worldwide and I'm thinking to myself I'm
glad that Germany finally got the news
because apparently they've never had
news because anybody who had news where
things are reported and stuff like that
we're kind of already on this story kind
of already on this hezbollah is bad
situation but I'm glad that Germany
finally finally found out that Hezbollah
was was not just a social organization
so good for them
[Music]
so the Trump administration is looking
to accelerate a vaccine they're calling
an operation warp speed and have it by
maybe by January do you believe that do
you believe that the United States will
have a vaccine by January which would be
you know at least six months before
anybody thought it would happen I'm
gonna say no on that if I had to guess I
don't think we'll have a vaccine by
January but when I say no I don't mean
90% no I mean 60% No so I'd say slightly
more chance it won't happen than it will
but I like that it's out there it could
work it's good for the economy to have
these hopeful things floating around out
there
so was it last night I said under my
periscope that the news the news that
some anonymous sources say the president
Trump yelled at his campaign manager
Brad parse Cal and threatened to sue him
which doesn't even make sense like like
that it's just a crazy thing and I said
wait till tomorrow and the president
will tell you that none of that happened
and we wake up this morning and the
president is tweeting it's fake news
none of it happened
thank news none of it happened call it
there's a strip club this decided to to
respond to the coronavirus bite they
created a drive-thru strip club so it's
in a parking lot I guess I set up tents
and stuff so you can actually just sort
of drive through and from your car
window while you're still sitting in
your car you can look at the strippers
we're dancing next to the car I guess
okay creativity we like that Alyssa
Milano decided she needed to write some
kind of a longer explanation for her
support of Biden given that he's been
accused of me to issue stuff and it it's
it's sort of painful and hilarious to
watch her try to deal with this terrible
situation so so some of the things she
said was so she sort of summed it up
this way she said the former the former
charmed actress insisted that Reed's
allegations against Biden quote
concerned me deeply but that Biden is
someone quote who I can't picture doing
any of the things of which he is accused
so the standard which Alyssa Milano has
decided to publicly state for why she
believes Biden is that she can't picture
him doing the things that he's accused
of doing okay is that the standard
yeah if you can't picture it probably
didn't happen that's not really a
standard if you ask me
Alissa just told you that the cats on
the roof know what I mean the cats on
the roof I think she's saying that she's
very very aware of her situation so
let's just say that there's no there's
no there's no stupidity involved here
it's obvious that she's a sentient human
who knows exactly what the problem is
and is trying to deal with the best she
can and but there's just no right
solution there's no right solution if
she also wants a Democratic president
she doesn't have another option that is
obvious anyway and I feel bad for her
because it's such a weak play every
woman in the world just said are you
serious are you saying that you're not
gonna believe me when I say that I got a
sexually assaulted because you can't
picture that nice guy doing it that's
your standard that sounds like a guy
standard that sounds like something a
man would say doesn't it sound like that
like you you're talking about your body
and you're saying I know I don't think
Bob did that I just can't picture it I
just can't see Bob doing that that
sounds like some of the guy says it
doesn't sound like something a woman
says why have you ever talked to a woman
do you know what experience
women have with men every day oh my god
talk talk to you any any modern youngish
woman in today's world and say so have
men ever surprised you about how awful
they really are and you didn't realize
it until it was too late I think every
woman will say yeah yeah I was you know
I trusted this guy and then he did this
I thought he was a good guy but then he
did that it's the most common thing in
the world turns out all men are bad
so now I'm just kidding you're not the
men watching this are not bad
but all of the other men in the world
who are not watching this periscope at
this moment they're all dogs they're
just dogs thank God we're not
congratulations on being on the small
group of men who do not ever do bad
things so good for you all right so I've
been watching as the Democrats slowly
realized that Biden has no chance of
winning and this is a fascinating time
because usually you don't get to be this
let's say aware of a situation
developing and the situation that's
developing is more and more the
Democrats have to know that Biden has no
realistic chance you know unless I don't
know something happened to Trump between
now and Election Day but as long as
Trump is healthy and running for
election Biden doesn't have a chance
and they must know this by now now one
of the things I didn't know enough about
until I just read about it today is
apparently Biden's got some explaining
to do about his Senate days and some
connections with the MBNA a bank that
was bought by Bank of America eventually
but there was a large Bank that not only
bought Biden's house the CEO
coincidentally the CEO of the bank that
needed Biden to you know promote their
legislation and whatnot
the CEO at the bank paid away above
market rates for Biden's house he bought
his house for a way more than it was
worth and then he hired hunter Biden for
a basically a BS job so
Biden was just totally dirty as looks
like it's pretty easy to demonstrate so
not only is Biden the financial Kruk
that people have been assuming they
would find on Trump like didn't you
think that the Democrats would find
something by now you know something
about a loan or some money or a deal
correct me if I'm wrong but during the
entire Trump presidency they haven't
really found anything they didn't know
about already right every everything
about the president was kind of known
and the things they thought they found
like the Deutsche Bank loan it just
didn't exist so Biden has exactly the
problems that the president's been
accused of and there are exactly the
reasons that people wanted him replaced
so Biden clearly was on the take I'm
just going to say that as say that is a
fact
I believe it's demonstrated and in the
public record byron york did reporting
on this back in 98 it seems to be in the
public record that he was a dirty
politician and he was on the take and we
know the names we know how much money we
know how it's just that they did it
legally so the way he took his bribes is
hard to prove somebody overpaid for a
house that happens somebody hired
somebody who wasn't fully qualified that
happens too so it's all this sort of
can't really prove it but it's also well
documented and it's obvious so he has no
chance of winning and what's the
interesting part is that what what is
predicted by this slow turn to the
realization that they've picked the only
guy who couldn't be Trump I mean I swear
to god all I needed was a sentient being
as a Democrat and and that ascension
being would have had a good chance of
beating Trump just because of the
popularity but they they managed to
nominate the only guy who can't beat him
and well maybe Bernie couldn't but I
feel like I feel like they there's going
to be this big cognitive dissonance
moment and here's my prediction I
believe that there will be a new reason
for supporting Biden because it might be
too late at least for a little while
maybe he'll eventually be replaced but
at least for a little while they're
gonna be riding us Biden the horse and
they have to they have to say stuff
about it they have to comment even know
everybody's hiding and not commenting
about Tara Reid the Democrats are
but I think that cognitive dissonance
will cause them to concoct a new reason
for why Biden must be the one they vote
for despite having no functioning brain
and being on the take and also being you
know somewhat of a rapist I think that
they're going to have to come up with a
whole new absurd sounding justification
so remember I said this and then I'm
guessing within two weeks maybe three
you're gonna hear somebody explaining
why they support Biden in words that you
think are just crazy I don't know what
they'll look like
but they'll sound crazy it'll be
something like well I I you know I know
that it's not a perfect choice but Biden
at least protects the integrity of the
Constitution it'll just be something
that doesn't make any sense I'm Steve
Cortes who's doing this little video
pieces called the mega minute and in it
I just tweeted today
you're saying this sixty-nine percent of
Hispanics are in favor of closing the
border for the coronavirus sixty-nine
percent of Hispanics said that you know
when I came right down to you know the
metal meets the road is that what they
say rubber meets the road when it came
right down to it the Hispanic said you
know maybe we should close that border
sixty-nine percent and I think it was
one of the highest percentages so
anybody who thinks that Hispanic
Americans are not you know fully
invested in the American situation just
look at the numbers Hispanic Americans
are just as America first as anybody
else here's a fascinating news story
that I hadn't heard of I think this came
from the Jerusalem Post I have not seen
this reported in American media and the
report is us that when Trump was talking
to the Saudis about increase decreasing
their oil production to
support the oil prices apparently Trump
threatened Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman then unless they cut their
production that we would withdraw
military support from Saudi Arabia now
that's a negotiation not now I think
Trump denies that it happened I think he
denies saying it directly but I don't
think he had to say it directly because
even the reporting says that the way
he's at it and you can't trust this
reporting at least in terms of the exact
wording of things but the report is that
he was he said he would be powerless to
stop lawmakers from passing legislation
to withdraw US troops from the kingdom
so in other words the reporting is that
Trump didn't say I will take the
military support away he did it the
smart way so he can stay friends with
the leaders and say hey if you don't cut
production I don't know what I'm gonna
do there's nothing I can do
Congress is gonna pull military support
from Saudi Arabia now did Congress ever
say that maybe maybe not but the report
is that when MPs heard this he cleared
the room to get everybody out of the
room so he could talk to Trump because
when he found out that Trump was
threatening to withdraw all military
support from Saudi Arabia that's kind of
the end of your kingdom I mean you got a
real problem if the United States
withdraws military support now was the
president bluffing yes and no because we
don't know what would have happened we
don't know but here was the argument
that I think is just a game ender so you
can't have an argument after this
statement why defend their industry when
they are attacking ours right so if we
have our military defense
different literally defending their oil
industry because we've got assets in
place in the country that's mostly an
oil-producing country if we're putting
our military
over there to protect their oil industry
and their country can we put up with a
situation in which they are attacking
our oil industry while we're literally
defending theirs as soon as you hear
that it's the end of the conversation
right right that's the end of the
conversation
you know why are we defending your oil
industry while you're attacking ours
boom you can stop talking after that and
you could just look at the other person
and if they talk you don't have to
listen because you know where it's going
once you've said that frame you know
we're protecting your oil industry at
the same time you're attacking ours you
know that's not a situation that can
last one of you is going to change that
situation and the president just says
here's your situation we're protecting
your oil industry while while you're
attacking ours guess what's going to
happen you figured out yeah you do the
math what do you think is gonna happen
if you're attacking our oil industry
while we're protecting yours you figure
it out what the do you think is
gonna happen
so I love that that worked out for the
president so see you then it has a kind
of a tough time this week because they
can't cover two of the biggest stories
in the news now they have mentioned them
so I'm not going to say they've ignored
them entirely but given that these are
the two biggest stories I would argue
they're very under covered so it's
almost like you can't find them you know
that tends to be the little note on the
page not the headline but the two big
stories of course our general Flynn and
if they cover that it would make the
reporting from the whole Russia clusion
thing look ridiculous so that's got to
be embarrassing plus it's good for the
president so they don't want to cover
that then there's a Tara Reid
accusations which they have mentioned
but they don't want to focus on that too
much and I thought the only thing that
could make this week better the only
thing that could make this week better
is if there's a new study coming out
saying hydroxychloroquine
really works because then there would be
three top stories the CNN Pune
and that would just be hilarious
now I'm not aware of any study about
hydroxychloroquine that's coming out
today or this week but wouldn't it be
great don't you think the simulation is
going to serve this up because CNN's
already like ah two biggest stories and
we don't want to talk about them will
mention them we'll mention them so later
people can't say you didn't talk about
them well we're not going to talk about
them too much oh my god if the
hydroxychloroquine turned out to be
working that would just be the perfect
day all right
stormy Daniels somebody says what about
it you know all of trumps allegations
have been somewhat different matted and
Trump Trump has two advantages over
Biden when it comes to the accusations
number one Trump has been president and
we did not see any harmful effects from
stormy Daniel's right did you see did
you see the president perform worse
because of anything that happened with
stormy Daniels no I mean it took his
time there was a distraction but I don't
think he made any different decisions
about the world or presidenting so the
president not only ran for office by
telling us directly I'm no angel but we
all knew it you know you didn't even
have to tell us everybody knew that when
Trump was elected there would be an
endless number of stories and
accusations some might be true some
might not be true some might be
exaggerated but there's nobody who
didn't know it so the fact that
everybody expected it and then we've
watched him do the job for it'll be four
years by Election Day if you watch him
do the job and it doesn't affect them
you can kind of discount it because you
never really tried to hide it he just
said hey I'm no angel whereas by them
his entire vibe is the opposite so if it
comes out that he's in any way like
Trump the whole argument for why you
need to promote or replace Trump goes
away
obviously alright
stormy said she lied about what is that
new news I haven't heard anything about
that somebody says there was a
hydroxychloroquine story yesterday I
didn't see a story yesterday that said
it was 90% effective oh I think that 90%
was not the 90% it didn't sound it
wasn't as good as that sounds if it's
the study eight you're talking about
that I did see he is not in the basement
yeah
Trump is not the basement that certainly
makes a difference forty percent chances
Scott can't predict the future
there's a hundred percent chance I can't
predict the future nobody can predict
the future Oh
Elan musk yeah so we have the Battle of
the billionaire's so Mark Cuban and the
Elon Musk seemed to be on opposite ends
about the shutdown Mark Cuban is more
the let's let's be smart you know I
don't think he commits to exactly where
we should open up and why we're as Elon
Musk is more it's a fascist thing free
free everybody let us live and I'm not
sure that either them I don't think that
either them are wrong those are just two
different priorities studies countering
studies Trump is going going to Phoenix
he is stormy said after that the affair
never happened no she didn't
no she did not
alright I'm just looking at your
somebody said French study says lupus
patients on hydroxy did it better well
we'll look for that I'm not aware of any
new hydroxychloroquine studies in last
24 hours but let's see if there are the
Wuhan Institute filed for a patent on
Durham des aver yeah the fact that China
can file a patent on American
intellectual property that's pretty much
all you need right to withdraw from any
kind of connection with China somebody
says that her throat is getting sore and
they haven't left the house in six weeks
well I don't think it's the corona virus
in oh yeah the lady with the fish tank
cleaner whose husband died of it she's
being investigated for homicide so
that's a new twist so it turns out that
maybe that maybe maybe they didn't die
from taking president Trump's advice
maybe it was a murderer all maybe all
right
I saw yeah what was it doctor DDA the
the French biologist expert he said that
doctor foul she doesn't know what he's
talking about with the second bump so so
foul she's talking about how even if we
get on top of it in the summer it's
likely to be a second peak sometime
later in the next season because we
won't be able to completely get rid of
it and didier the French guy said now
that's just a bad pattern recognition
because in 1918 that's what happened but
in 1918 the 1918 flu started in the
summer so because it started in the
summer it had a different arc and he
said now that's just bad analysis that
if it started when it started you're
going to get one hump
then it will die out but here's the most
interesting thing remember I drew add I
drew a picture on my whiteboard the
other day and I showed that the the
prediction is that we're trying to
flatten the curve and then at some point
it'll die out and I was complaining and
I said we don't have a plan there's
nothing that we're doing there would
suggest there's any reason for the virus
ever to die out without herd immunity
and we wouldn't have it by that time on
the graph so I was saying we have no
plan for this virus to decrease in
effectiveness because there's nothing
we're doing that will make it happen and
here's our D da said you said that all
viruses peter out and here's the key key
sentence from a top virologist we don't
know why what are you kidding me did you
hear that
so d da is that dee da Rao
am I using his first name instead of his
last name is that what I'm doing anyway
he's this top French biologist guy and
he says that we actually don't know why
viruses peter out and I thought are you
serious
how do we not know that isn't our entire
strategy based on some understanding of
that and we don't know why they decrease
because they all do so d da just says
yeah they all do that there you won't
even have to do anything special
apparently if you can survive you just
have to wait now I don't know why that's
true
somebody says vaccines might be part of
the issue I don't think so because every
prior to the age of vaccines every virus
came and went as well so oh it's dee da
dee da route route so I think that's his
name
okay dr. Dee da the route thank you for
correcting me on that all right
so Scott is saying the stormy story is
false was stormy story whoever
started the sentence with so you should
consult with the other people who know
me better and you know that anybody who
starts a sentence with so whatever
follow so is ridiculous and have nothing
to do with me so the answer to your
question mr. so the Telfer cognitive
dissonance whatever you said after the
word so just assume it's not true
because nothing after the word so is
ever true so you wrote it you can you
can deal with that all right I will talk
to you tonight see you then