pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
Alexa turn on studio hey it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams you came to the
right place
boy do we have a show for you
oh my god it's gonna be so good I know
you can't wait
but first the simultaneous up the thing
you're all here for I know you are and
all you need is a cover of Margaret
glass a tanker chelators died in the
canteen juggler flask a vessel of any
kind I like coffee and drive me down for
this simultaneous sip that's the thing
that makes everything better is that
dopamine hit of the day go oh yeah hmm
peachy well there's a lot of news today
we'll be hearing a lot about the vote on
the articles of impeachment I have the
articles of impeachment right here I
don't know if you've seen them article
wad is some
but article 2 is well it's some other
 so these are the articles of
impeachment
how about that alright let's talk about
the dues
some things that happen as Jake Novak
points out today on Twitter the Democrat
the Democratic primaries have given
Trump his secret weapon and by that he
means that by winnowing the list of
Democrats it's making the Democratic
voters think about the specific specific
candidates for the first time because
Democrats used to have the luxury of
thinking well there are lots of good
candidates and they're all better than
Trump so you know I like one in
particular
I'll tell the pollster but basically
they're all better than Trump because
you have that luxury when they're a
group but that's it gets window down and
yet you're forced to think about the top
two or three people suddenly Trump has a
target in this case a few targets and
you haven't seen the fun start until
Trump has a target so we're at the
beginning of the destruction of whoever
the ultimate candidate will be but
that's some fun by the way I had the
first person I heard make that
observation was Mike sort of edge he was
talking about laughing when people were
saying that Trump would lose the
election without knowing who he's
running against because who he's running
against really makes the difference all
right so of course everybody wants to
talk about Nancy Pelosi wrapping up that
document we'll talk about that but let's
talk about the State of the Union more
generally there is a there is a sentence
that every State of the Union includes
and it always gets me and I wanted to
see if it gets you to there's no matter
what else is in the
State of the Union no matter which
president is reading it this is
independent of presidents by tradition
they have this line where they say some
version of the State of the Union is
strong now President Trump said the
state of the union is stronger than ever
before same thing for some reason that
always just hits me in just the right
way because you know you spend a year
you know at each other with political
you know partisan bickering and you're
busy with your life and you know the
news tells you everything's falling
apart but then you get in this this room
and the the leader of the country says
this sentence the State of the Union is
stronger than ever and then he goes
through the proof and you hear the you
hear the evidence about the economy and
you say to yourself yeah I mean if if
the population of the United States is
ripping itself apart if the if the
structure of society is is being unwound
would we have this economy I don't think
so I don't think so at all I think that
the state of the economy is so good
because the State of the Union is so
good no matter what your news or your
political pundits tell you things are
getting better all the time our ability
to work with each other to you know get
past whatever you know any biases we
have we're just getting better at that
all the time and then when it comes
right down to it we are on the same team
and it just always feels good when the
president whoever the president is tells
me that the State of the Union is strong
there's something powerful about that
well what a show the greatest showman on
earth gave the greatest State of the
Union we've ever seen now not just
because of what he did Pelosi was part
of the show in a productive way I
thought at least in terms of
entertainment but I don't know will we
ever see a better
state-of-the-union than that first of
all it was pretty much all good news
which i thought was perfect place to you
know it was a perfect time for that how
much did you love the fact that Trump
never even mentioned impeachment even
though he won or he's going to win today
he never mentioned it
there was exactly the right play exactly
the right play because it not mentioning
it he puts it in his proper place
unimportant the best thing he could do
was not mention it so and that was the
way he played it so good job on that I
thought that Pelosi ripping for that if
anybody didn't watch it at the end of
the State of the Union Pelosi pointedly
ripped up her copy of the speech while
the president was still standing there
I thought Pelosi's paper ripping was
impulsive possibly chaotic and proof she
thinks she's above the law I think he
helped Putin and I think we ought to
impeach her before she commits crimes
that she hasn't even thought about doing
it that's the sort of thing that the
Democrats say about Trump every day and
people are actually questioning wait a
minute did she plan that paper ripping
or was it impulsive and impulsive isn't
a really a thing everybody thinks about
what they do sometimes they think longer
than other times they always think about
it excuse me again I am going to get
surgery on these nasal polyps so I don't
have to be blowing my nose on periscope
every day but I'll schedule that don't
let you know about that anyway is this
the best year any president ever had I
would love to see the historians weigh
in on this but you know of course you'd
have to you'd have to look at it through
the lens of the Democrats versus the
lens of the Republicans but in terms of
the people who voted for this president
is it that the best 12-month performance
of any president am I wrong about that
if you look at the trade deals the
killing of top terrorists the you know
introducing a peace deal which I think
actually has more potential than most
people imagine you know the economy is
zooming we're safer better I mean really
what a year incredible really incredible
by the way when after the I'd like to
get you all in on a prank
can you play what you know can you
cooperate with me this is going to be a
national prank and all you have to do is
after the Senate votes to acquit the
president for impeachment you have to
continually say that he was not
impeached it will drive the Democrats
crazy now it has the advantage of being
true ish you know in our two movies on
one screen I mean it's it's it's as
certainly as true as their claim that an
impeachment is forever it's just as true
meaning that neither of them are totally
true it's some kind of Schrodinger's cat
situation where he's sort of a beach but
sort of not but as a prank don't waver
from your opinion that he was not
impeached just because it will drive the
Democrats crazy there's no other use to
this it doesn't really have a political
angle to it whatsoever I mean not really
but just keep it up just saying no I
don't know you're talking about there
was no impeachment what what news are
you watching the news I watched is that
they tried to impeach him and failed
miserably didn't even get close so
what's this about he's impeached that's
the opposite of what happened Bob or
whoever you're talking to all right so
some of the the highlights which made
this the greatest show on earth the
State of the Union was not only
you know did we have Trump not shaking
hands with Pelosi when he comes in and
there's a little ambiguity about whether
he did that intentionally or not I tend
to think it was intentional that's
that's my feeling I think it was
intentional because I don't think he
wanted to look at her see her and by the
way do you have a problem with that do
you have a problem that the president
the legally elected president of United
States who's doing a great job according
to his supporters and Nancy Pelosi
leading a coup attempt against him for
nothing but political reasons really as
far as we can tell did did she have a
right to eye contact and a handshake I
don't think so
I don't think she earned that I don't
think Pelosi earned any respect and so
the president didn't give her any I'm ok
with that
now so we also we saw that we saw the
paper ripping we saw the reunion of the
the family of the service member who
came back that was great that was just
great TV good everything about that was
just perfectly executed we saw Rush
Limbaugh get his ward
it was very emotional and my favorite
part is that when the president misspoke
he slurred a word he was trying to say
sanctuary city but it came out statuary
city to which I said to myself he's a
natural he can make up a nickname kill
shot for a person you know with two
minutes of thought and it'll be like a
permanent nickname that we all use but
he came up with a San Francisco
linguistic kill shot
it's no longer just the sanctuary city
that has human feces on the sidewalk
it is quite properly a stank chew Airy
City thank you very much ace Thank You
Ari City
I'm gonna say that Nancy's ripping of
the paper was a win for Nancy Pelosi I
realize if you look at social media that
is exactly the opposite of what all the
smart people are saying that I mean that
all the smart people people were in my
opinion very smart are playing this like
Nancy has sort of lost that round
bye-bye dishonouring the occasion and by
being disrespectful and it's all going
to blow back on or etc well here's my
take on it and I want to be consistent I
want to be consistent with what I say
about Trump so that I don't get into the
the hypocrite category accidentally I
often separate with Trump his technique
from his policies etc so persuasion wise
Pelosi ripping up that paper at the end
just persuasion wise really good really
good possibly an a-plus and here's why
what are we talking about we're mostly
talking about her and what are you gonna
remember about the State of the Union a
year from now maybe only that might be
the only thing you remember remember you
remember about 10 percent you might
remember that Rush Limbaugh got an award
maybe you remember about the the service
people who got or the service person who
got reunited with his family maybe you
don't maybe remember this is the
handshake but you're not really gonna
remember the content of the speech
except you know that the president
bragged and that people said he was
lying right you know basically that's
just background noise these days but you
got to remember that ripped up paper and
that goes into the annals of history as
one of the great you know moments and
politics I would say so in so doing
Nancy Drew attention away from the
speech which was one of the greatest
victory laps of all time on to her
protest and the protest
yeah somebody sang in the comments it
was visual and you could see the emotion
so people who had the same feeling that
she did were probably you know really
bonding with her at that moment which
she ripped it up there were probably
people at home thinking man I hate that
speech or rip it up and then she rips it
up so I think for her base it was
probably good and it will it reinforces
the there's something horrible and icky
about this president but we can't put
her finger on it
there's just something horrible and
Mickey yeah rip up his document we don't
need to be specific we don't need to get
it into the details it's just all rip it
up
so I think she came out ahead actually
with that play and I acknowledged that a
lot of people are disagreeing with me on
that but that's my take all right I wish
there were some way to measure it so you
could actually know whose take is better
but you can't let's talk about the
candidates Oh so of course the
anti-trump press of which is most of the
press they did their fact Jackie and I I
don't know I can't tell if the fact
Jackie is fake anymore I mean I don't
really trust anything any of the
politicians say but I also don't trust
the fact-checking and here's a perfect
example of that so I think this was I
don't know it was either CNN or MSNBC I
forget but one of the fact-checking
facts was soper Trump said he was
pleased to announce the last year for
the first time in 51 years the cost of
prescription drugs actually went down
all right that's a big claim the cost of
prescription drugs went down and the
fact checker said this is false that's
very that's a very clean statement it's
not mostly false of Little Falls it's
just false this is false and the
explanation is prescription drug costs
are on the rise exactly the opposite
particularly for name-brand drugs
according to The Associated Press
analysis but do you see this clause
particularly for name-brand drugs that's
that's your little red flag there
because I only know a little bit about
this topic but here's what I'm
suspecting I know that the is it it was
the FDA the FDA I think who was speeding
up the approval of generics now if you
speed up the approval of generics
there's sort of a rule of thumb that
when you get to the third generic that's
offered for the same drug it's that
third one that makes competition you
know it really increases the competition
when the third one gets in and then the
price drops pretty quickly so what the
government did Trump's Trump's
administration is they sped up that
process so you can get 2/3 generics
quickly my assumption is open to fact
jacking gear my assumption is that that
process worked because they've announced
it worked I haven't seen any pushback on
that and that the cost of of generics
probably did go down now here's the
clever part how many total dollars are
spent on generics in any year and how
many total dollars are spent on
name-brand drugs which are usually the
newer ones and the ones you really need
because you know maybe that drug didn't
exist until then well I don't know the
answer to that if it turns out that
people are spending more on the
name-brand drugs but they're spending
less on the generics then you really
kind of need to know what's the mix of
name-brand to generics because if all
the generics are going down but the
name-brand might be going up that would
suggest that the Trump administration
had a big win on at least half of those
that they could control the generic part
and then the other part apparently
there's some hope to get some some kind
of legislation it would maybe help with
the other stuff
I don't know you do that exactly I don't
know what kind of legislation interferes
with the free market in that way but
they've got some kind of idea anyway
so my point is I don't know if that's
exactly false or if it's a little bit
true it a little bit false or even if
the generic the amount that people spend
for generics if it's if it's more than
they spend for the name-brand drugs or
it could be more than you know in other
words if more people could be moved to
the generic it might be true so I'm not
sure I trust the fact checkers on this
all right congratulations to Pete Buddha
judge for his win in Iowa or what looks
like to be a win once they've counted
all the votes I have a lot of good
things to say about Peabody judge so
first of all he might be the smartest
person in the game right now just pure
intellect he certainly has the drive and
he's he's moderate for a Democrat seems
to be you know evidence-based he's not
going to do stuff that doesn't have
where the math doesn't add up there's
not there's no science behind it there's
a lot to like about them you know I
realize most of your Trump supporters so
you can't go that far but to to go from
a small mayor you know mayor of a
smallish city to winning Iowa that's
really impressive that is really
impressive
I gotta say congratulations Pete Buddha
judge now I've said this before and I
know it makes you crazy but I do think
there's something good for society when
you get for example your first black
president you get it you get two
benefits you know if the president also
does a good job you get a good president
and then you also break through you know
an important social psychological
barrier that's very important I'd love
to have a female president someday for
the same reason and I would love to have
a you know LGBTQ president same reason
every time we push through one of those
artificial
psychological barriers I think we we
become stronger as a country because it
is that it is our ability to marshal all
that diversity and still be a coherent
unit with the strongest economy in the
world the strongest military I mean
obviously we make that work so every
time we every time we make that work a
little better in other words we're
tuning the psychological engine if you
will of the country because the country
runs on psychology it's not just
materials you know it's how we think
about it
so how you think about your place in the
world that you think about your nation
etc and I feel like we would have a
better feeling in the long run about our
country if we've cycled through some
people who who represent you know the
the full let's say the full talent and
breadth of the country so a very pro
beep boo judge as a human as a candidate
etc but he is a Democrat I don't know
that his policies would appeal to me I
haven't looked at him that carefully
let's talk about whether he could win
apparently he has trouble getting the
black vote how could he possibly win as
anybody ever turned around a weakness
that glaring in you know nine months
could anybody turn around the black vote
in nine months without actually doing
anything because keep in mind too you
won't be president he doesn't have any
power for the next nine months so we
won't have any accomplishments what
exactly is he gonna promise the black
community who seems to believe that they
have an issue with him I don't think
it's real by the way I don't think
there's any reason the black community
should not like butta judge I don't
think there's a reason that I can say
but that's the way it is so I think that
would be hard to get past burning
I don't think Bernie can win in the
general and I'm seeing lots of again
very smart people and I mean that
literally people who were very smart and
good at predicting say
that the Bernie can win and that we
should take him seriously because he's
sort of the Democrats version of Trump
which is the change agent the one who's
going to burn everything down you know
he's sort of a protest living protest
vote here's my take
I do not see the Bernie equals Trump
connection because there's something
missing now I get I get why people feel
there's a similarity so I understand the
comparison but here's where there's a
big difference and this is the big
difference that matters Trump had
policies that were Republican friendly
from the start right so some people
maybe had to get talked into his
stronger border security stand etcetera
but Republicans were largely right there
anyway they were sort of in that you
know zip code and he just consolidated
him until now he has 94 percent
supported and Republicans so Trump had
two things he was that you know change
age MT was the you know he was the
Molotov cocktail thrown into the into
Congress and so is Bernie but Bernie's
policies only appeal to half of
Democrats and I don't think the other
half are going to get there do you know
why because half the Democrats and I'm
not speaking mathematically here so
don't don't get on me about the next
thing I'm going to say roughly half of
Democrats are above average in income
all of the people who were above average
and income are going to lose it'll be
good for the people were below average
for a while until the entire economy
implodes because he has all the
incentives set up wrong but I don't see
a world in which Bernie can win all of
the Democrats and you would need to do
that to be Trump I think there is there
going to be a solid 25 percent of
Democrats who say I'm out I'm out I pay
enough to
I'm out I don't need to be a sushi
socialist country I like my health care
I'm out so zero Republicans will vote
for Bernie I think you know or some
small number and I don't think you'd win
Democrats so I think he has no choice
the even the Democrats talk about Biden
fading out everybody's talking about it
like it's inevitable like it's just
gonna happen there's no doubt about it
it's gonna happen and here's my question
suppose we have a brokered convention
which is not impossible the odds of that
are growing every day
if the smartest people in politics
selected their leader from the group
that's running for president let's let's
just say they're limited to the people
who are running who would they pack if
they could ignore the will of the people
and just pick the strongest candidate to
be Trump who would it be because I can't
think of anybody I can't think of
anybody in this group I'm going to say
maybe Klobuchar yeah I'll put myself in
the in the minds of Democrats let's say
I'm a Democratic leader and nobody
nobody wins in the regular ballots and
it looks like it's going to be a
contested convention who would I pick if
not if there were no other influences on
me you know I didn't have to answer to
anybody I just want the person who's
going to win might be Klobuchar might be
because she hasn't offended anybody and
she has a good record and she's a woman
I think that Klobuchar could get you
know basically all of the woman vote
that you know Hillary got and that puts
her within striking distance so I think
she's the only one who could get within
striking distance there might be some
flaws she has that I don't know about
yet so we'll see what happens
over at MSNBC Zerlina maxwell decided
that the problem with the Iowa caucus is
that the Democrats in Iowa are racist
and she was saying quote the the reason
why you see a drop in turnout because I
guess the vote was kind of low turnout
in Iowa she says I'm just speculating
here it could be perhaps the white
children are not in cages so the
suggestion here is that the white Iowan
democrats democrats a lot of them must
be racist because they don't care about
kids in cages if they're not if they're
not white like that now she's just
speculating but what's important is
she's not speculating about Republicans
which you'd expect so the Democrats
continue to eat their own and they're
they're really suffering after that Iowa
debacle and it's even funnier now
because it looks like Bernie's go win
the popular vote at Iowa well Budaj edge
gets the delegates I mean that's just
perfect
talk about a talk about kissing your
sister result there's a nothing to be
happy about there let's see what else we
got here this is what Van Jones tweeted
he said wake up folks the Iowa caucus
was a debacle followed by a strong State
of the Union so one of the things I like
about Van Jones and I like it a lot is
that he's one of the few people who you
know opposes Trump politically who can
actually say something that Trump did
well it's weird
well there's he's so well he's so
unusual because he can actually speak
objectively even though you know exactly
what he wants his preferences are clear
and yet he can still talk objectively
it's very rare so he's saying it's a
strong State of the Union with no
qualifier strong strong speech laying
out Trump's strategy to win which
includes and this is Van Jones
interpretation
that includes going for black voters
this was a warning shot from Trump
campaign to liberals and we need to take
this very seriously in order to win so
Van Jones has noticed that the in the
campaign ads from the president and the
speech itself are very clear that he's
going after the black vote there's no
longer any any doubt about it but here's
the problem here's why Trump is going to
succeed in getting more of the black
vote than probably most people expect
Trump explicitly puts African Americans
first and I'll give you some examples
Democrats do not put black Americans
first and I'll give you some examples to
make the point when Trump black brags
about the economy what does he usually
say first black unemployment is better
than it's ever been you know he doesn't
always say at first but 85 percent of
the time he says it first it's the first
thing he says doesn't that show you that
it's a priority he's bragging about it
it's the first thing out of his mouth
black unemployment you know it's getting
better
second thing and by the way do you ever
hear the Democrats bragging about black
unemployment being great you don't you
know how about the opportunity zones
that Tim Scott led and the
administration approved these are
primarily you know people of color and
of course this probably weighted toward
the black community which which white
people have got an opportunity zone did
you did any of you white people get your
own opportunity zone you didn't and now
I'm not saying it's a good idea or a bad
idea it's probably a good idea but it's
a clear example of putting the black
community in this country first right
there's no Jewish Community Opportunity
Center and there's not one for women
there's now one for white people there's
basically the one there is which is
targeted at areas that are high
population of black people
and what about immigration President
Trump
puts black America's first because they
are the most impacted by you know the
competition of labor coming in he puts
them first and says I'm gonna build a
wall even no matter how much this costs
me politically I'm gonna put you first
what are the Democrats put first the
immigrants not Americans coming in there
won't give them health care etc I think
this is just the cleanest play you've
ever seen
Trump consistently puts the black
community first whatever there's oh and
including the prison reform was prison
reform primarily to help white people no
not at all it's very clearly weighted
toward helping people of color but
everybody but it's weighted that way so
Trump has consistently put black
Americans first even above other
Americans Democrats consistently and and
very consistently put immigrants non
Americans first and then after
immigrants who's their next priority
after immigrants I want to see in the
comments if you tell me if you're the
Democrats immigrants are your top
priority who's second women women right
where are black people on the priority
of Democrats not in the top two not in
the top two based on actions and
policies so I think Trump is could have
an amazing amazing successful time the
strategy is right on he's got you know
Candace Owens has been the superpower
forever you know pushing this Kanye
effect has to be included I think this
is going to happen so when when Van
Jones says you know wake up this is
their strategy it is his strategy and
what are you going to say if you're a
black person and you're watching
President Trump
consciously and methodically putting you
at a high priority so he can win you
vote why should you be afraid of that
who in the world should be afraid of
Trump serving the black community better
than it's ever been served before I know
fan Jones maybe you should vote for him
if he is the one helping all right and I
got to go do some of the things and
until then let us get ready for the
state of get ready for the impeachment
vote good times talk to you later