[Applause]
good morning everybody did you all enjoy
your
Thanksgiving with family go get tested
according to Dr Burks you're all
infected you're all infected go get your
tests better put my ring on before
somebody asked me about it and how would
you like to start this morning the best
way you yeah why would you do it any
other way the best way is with a copper
marar glass a tanker J orstein I can't
juger flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better except your Utah
monolith it's called the simultaneous
hip and happens now
go ah
oh yeah that's good
stuff well let's talk about all the
things that are
happening I hope yall saw the story
about a mysterious metal Obelisk that
appeared in a Utah
desert
now here's the strange
part it was a famous in the news
Obelisk it was about the size that a a
few strong people could pick it up and
put it in a
truck it was
unguarded and valuable because it was
famous what are the odds that somebody
would
steal a valuable because it's
famous movable unguarded object in the
middle of the desert now if you think
that
somebody may have taken
it I think you need to to prove
it I think you need to prove that
somebody went in there and took
that because I don't see any evidence
it's just a thing that was 100% likely
to be
stolen so like your election if there's
something of high value and it is
largely
unprotected do you have to wonder if
somebody's going to take
it do you do you have to think real hard
and say huh there's an
unprotected valuable asset in the middle
of the desert where everybody can find
it do people take it
huh yes people take it people take it
and indeed it looks great in my living
room let me tell you
that
um so I was talking yesterday on Twitter
about whether you could prove a negative
and this is one of those examples you
know you can't prove that that Obelisk
is going to be stolen but do you need
to how much proof for me would you need
in advance to know that that Obelisk
would be
stolen if it were famous and unguarded
and you could pick it
up so I was arguing that sometimes
special cases uh you can know that
something happened without any
evidence because it's the situation it
guarantees it so Gregory towns on
Twitter decided to challenge me on that
idea that sometimes you do know
something happened even if you don't
have direct evidence and he said this in
a tweet he said has anyone debunked the
very credible and serious allegation
that Scott Adams had sex with a goat
except he didn't say sex he used a
naughty
word and so has anyone debunked that
credible allegation that I've had sex
with a goat so my first instinct was to
Tweet back Wily that that was false and
that I've never gotten past second base
with a
goat later I realized that you would
have to have some farming experience to
know why that is so
hilarious cuz in order to milk a goat
you kind of have to get the second
second base if you know what I
mean so those who did not have farming
backgrounds were not uh too impressed by
that joke so I I followed up with the
second one and you can choose which of
these
hilarious uh replies you like better so
instead of saying I never got past
second base I decided on the second
reply about the allegation that I can't
prove I did not have sex with a goat and
I said my mistake it was horny and
eating garbage so I mistook it for your
mom so why do people say witty things to
cartoonists on Twitter I don't know it's
like walking into a narrow Ravine it
feels like it's just too easy in other
news you want to hear the biggest news
in the world it's the biggest news in
the world nay not the biggest news in
the world
the biggest news in reality
itself yeah and it goes like
this I have uh often been asked if we
were living in a simulated world and
this were just some kind of computer
simulation that we think is real but
it's not how would you know could you
prove it well I don't know if proof is
the right word but there are things that
you should look for if we are a simul
and one of the most obvious things you
should look for is that we can create
the past in other words the past doesn't
exist
objectively because we were just
invented in a in a certain period of
time if we're a
simulation which means that if we were
to examine our past the past would
actually not exist until we started
looking for it because the computer
program would not go through all the
effort effort of creating a detailed
history if nobody ever cared so that's
the way you would write a simulation you
would only code the parts that would
matter and you wouldn't code anything
nobody would look at nobody would care
about so if we ever discovered in
scientific terms that you could change
the past not change what you know about
the past but actually change the past we
would be a simulation now that alone
wouldn't be the one piece of proof but
it's a pretty big one and it turns out
that there is uh exactly that kind of
experiment where it it can be proven
that two observers can observe an
objective
past which is
different meaning that they can look at
something that's proven I mean really
just proven two different people and two
places and they can see for sure a
past that's
different one of them sees a past that's
different from the others and they're
both proven two different objective
paths can't both be true right if we
were just one reality there would be one
past exactly there would be no
alternative past there would just be one
but now science has
proven that there can be at least two in
this one example now I tweeted it it's a
deepok choa tweet so look for that I
tweeted it yesterday if you want to
follow up on that but the reason I say
that this experiment shows that the past
can be programmed is that one of those
two observers went
first so one of The Observers went first
and solidified a past that's now done so
that past is completely solidified the
second Observer comes in and rewrites
the
past changes it because it used to be
one thing was true and the second
Observer made a second thing which is
100% incompatible with the first thing
they can't both exist but they do that
is creating the past and so we are a
simulation
maybe all right uh there's a story that
Biden sprained his ankle but then it
turned into a hairline fracture on his
foot and the story was that it happened
when he was uh playing with his big old
dog now does that sound true to you do
you think that he injured himself
playing with his dog totally possible do
I have any information that would
suggest that this is not true that he
didn't injure himself playing with his
dog I have no information they would
suggest that's not true I will simply
point out that if it weren't true this
is just
hypothetical if let's say he just fell
down or tripped in an old man way which
is pretty common for Old Men and old
women right if that happened again just
hypothetical I'm not not saying it did
what kind of story would your handlers
make up that would be a perfect lie what
is the perfect lie well the perfect lie
would be number one something slightly
athletic something active something a
young person does but if that thing had
been let's say going for a run or that
thing had been going for a bicycle ride
there would be evidence cuz whenever the
president elect allegedly Le leaves
leaves home you know there's going to be
reporters and stuff so they couldn't go
with a story of a an athletic event
because people would know it didn't
happen so you have to come up with
something that would be active and young
and athletic that would just sort of
happen around the house where nobody was
watching so what do you do well what's
the most vital manly thing you could do
rough housing with your very large
dogs
perfect perfect now again I'm not saying
that the story is false I'm just saying
that whenever you see a story that's
just a little bit too perfect you have
to ask yourself is this one of those
times that reality served up a story
that's a little bit too perfect or are
you seeing a cover story don't know well
when I saw that uh by had hurt his
foot I said to myself uh Biden thinks
he's president-elect but his doctors
gave him the boot he's actually wearing
a boot now for his bad
foot um and I said Biden protested but
he didn't have a leg to stand on no and
those were not that funny but I wasn't
done yet oh no I'm not done the final
one I think I'll I'll end it on this one
is I don't see how Biden could ever win
in court he has no
standing I think that one I like the
best uh and I'm not going to go with uh
Trump had the agony of defeat but Biden
has the agony of Def foot uh CU that's
too ordinary that's one you could have
done yourself you don't need a
professional for that one no you need a
professional for he has no standing
that's the difference between the
amateur and the
professional uh all
right there is more an increasingly
number of accusations of specific fraud
in the election there are
now uh two forms of accusations I'm
going to put them in two buckets because
I like dividing things into two buckets
don't you you know you do you like
dividing things into two buckets so I'm
going to do that bucket number one are
the allegations of fraud that that are
pretty unlikely let's say that one
bucket has fraud allegations that
largely are
debunked but then there's another bucket
with what I call the good stuff I told
you in the beginning that 95% of all the
allegations you would see now remember I
said this in the beginning before the
allegations were were all out there I
said 95% of whatever you're about to
hear will not be true how' I do how is
my how is my prediction that 95% of the
claims of of fraud would be debunked I
think I'm right on I think I'm right on
uh I I uh tweeted a uh series of debunks
for some of the main claims that the
president makes actually and that other
people make on his behalf now because
there are a credi looking debunk claims
to a whole bunch of allegation frauds
what's that tell you does that tell you
that all of the allegation frauds are
not true because there are 13 of the
most common ones you've heard and
they've got pretty good
debunking now I can't validate the claim
and I can't validate the debunk and most
of us are in the same boat right but
when you read the debunk it does look
pretty convincing because it's usually
stuff like uh you looked in the wrong
column so go to this website and you can
see for yourself that you just looked in
the wrong column now if that's your
debunk I don't even bother looking
because that's such a bold claim that
you looked in the wrong column and you
can see for yourself here's the
link that's probably a good debunk not
definitely but probably if you have
limited time I would say that if
somebody offers that debunk it's
probably true all
right so uh most of the things that
President Trump claimed such as dead
people voting has been debunked does
that mean that there is no dead person
who voted in this election of course not
of course some dead person voted in this
election because it's possible and it's
a big country but there is no evidence
that enough dead people voted to change
the election right so that's the kind of
claim that you you'll see debunked so
there about 13 of them and I would call
them the weak claims and you would
expect that you would have seen more of
them in the beginning of the process and
you would see if there are any strong
claims if strong claims exist you would
expect to see them about now because it
takes a while to put that stuff together
and sure enough the strong claims the
ones that I've been telling you uh you
know I could get a little bit of a
preview because I knew they were being
prepared the strong claims are starting
to come out so you would look to people
like Matt Brainard for the strong claims
now the strong claims are in the form of
data anomalies and you're seeing some
debunks of the strong claims but here's
what you want to look
for uh the strong strong anomaly claims
tend to get a little complicated and if
you're not a data analyst you can get
lost pretty easily unfortunately it's
the complexity of the claim and the fact
we're not data analysts most of us
allows the debunkers to say absolutely
anything about the claim and you and I
can't tell the difference so now I've
read the claims of the anomalous data
and I've read the attempted debunk of
those claims and I'm not qualified to to
Really judge either one of them but what
I think I see is that the debunk is
strawmanning the actual real the real
allegation meaning that the allegation
and I I I'll try to get as close as I
can to this uh but I'm I'm way over my
depth so you know do some factchecking
on this you're going to need it but
there's claim that uh late batches of
votes that came in certain cities were
anomalous meaning that uh there was
something unusual about these late night
dumps now I believe that the strong
claim says we understand and everybody
understood that there would be big
batches coming in so the claim is not
that a big batch came in at night okay
the debunk says there's a reason that
big batch came in at night
just like
happened but that's not exactly the
claim so so watch how the watch How
often this happens that the debunk is
just a couple of degrees off from what
the claim is and if you didn't know the
details of the claim and you didn't
understand the debunk you would think
that that debunk applied to the claim
but not quite let me uh I'm going to do
a bad job of this but I'm going to do
the best I can of trying to interpret
what I think I read okay so give this
low
credibility relative to other things
that I say and it goes like this um
getting 95% of those big batches of late
votes for Biden is indeed not that
unusual meaning that it is unusual but
it's not impossible all right especially
when you have a president who's you know
pretty provocative all right but here's
the claim that if you go from 95% Biden
votes which is possible I mean could
happen to
98% you've gone from something that's
highly unlikely to something that just
can't
happen and that's the claim yeah I
believe I believe that's right now I
need a fact check on that but if you
don't do data analysis and you don't
understand how you know a big batch can
change a small batch or a small batch
doesn't change a big batch you don't
understand the you know the the D the
number
Stuff uh somebody says the host sounds
High um no that would be later today I
usually don't get high before uh
Periscope or YouTube so there's there's
the the nature of the claim and I think
you should take what I just described as
more of a an example of the point as
opposed to being right so is it true
that going from 95 which would be
unlikely but maybe to 98 moves it from
possible to not really possible that's
the claim so every time you see somebody
say Scott you idiot everybody knew there
would be tons of votes coming in late at
night true but not the point
if everybody says Scott Scott you knew
it was going to be overwhelmingly Biden
those ones that came in late at night
true not really the point do you see
where I'm going on this we will be so
confused by the data anomalies and that
analysis that you just won't know what's
going on and I don't even know if the
data analysts will let me ask you this
if as is almost guaranteed let me tell
you something that is so so guaranteed
that you could put a huge Bet On It the
data analysts in the end will
disagree right is there any doubt that
very high-end top analyst with IV League
degrees and tons of History doing this
exact kind of math and statistics don't
you know with complete
certainty that there will be experts at
that highest caliber on both sides of
this in the end not just in the
beginning where they are now you expect
it in the beginning because there's
still a little fog of War right but you
also if you live in the real world you
know that when we get to the end of this
there's still going to be highest
qualified experts on both sides you know
that's true right is that does anybody
doubt
that because to doubt that you would
have to be very young to say it in the
most kind way I can so do you follow the
experts they're not going to
agree so that's another one of those
when do you follow the experts questions
all right so be aware that there are
really good debunks for most of the
claims of fraud but there are some
things which there are debunks but
they're not quite on point and you have
to ask yourself why and also ask
yourself if these if the good uh oh and
one of one of the ones that's being
questioned you're seeing that uh people
saying there were only four cities and
I've said this one myself uh but appears
to be not true uh only four cities in
which these anomalies happened and so
that's part of the debunk it's like no
you look at these other cities and you
can see you know the same thing you're
claiming for the four cities is actually
more widespread to which I say again
that's not really the debunk because if
it happened in the four
cities that's all it needed to happen it
doesn't matter that it might have also
happened in some other places that's not
a debunk it's it is definitely saying
that a detail is inaccurate that it only
happened in four places it's possible
that that detail is
accurate but that doesn't really debunk
the larger claim I
think what are the odds that the guy
figuring this out his last name would be
brain
nerd well it's the simulation all
right
um here's here are two interesting facts
and I want you to see if you can figure
out why I put these two interesting
facts
together um number one fact Trump
doubled his share of black voters
compared to 2016 everybody agrees with
that right I don't think that's being
doubted even his critics agree that he
doubled his um black voter support since
2016 so that's your first fact here's
the second fact and this one is an
allegation so it's a fact that it's
alleged it's not a fact that it's true
might be I just don't know so it's just
a fact that it's alleged okay uh it's
alleged that most of the anomalous votes
for Biden were associated with black
identities other words it
appears that Trump may have doubled his
black support but if it's true that the
fraud was focused in uh black identities
which would mean uh black non voters in
the past I think who had been you know
fraudulently uh brought on to ballot as
if they had voted but but people who
have never voted in the past are the
group that is least likely to check on
it later and least likely to notice that
somebody had voted in their name because
they're so uninterested they've never
even voted once so it's possible I'm not
going to allege that this is a fact okay
I'm just going to say it's possible that
not only did Trump double his share of
black votes but did you notice that it
still wasn't as high as maybe something
like the rasmuson pole would have
suggested ahead of time because rasmason
was showing his black uh black support
Trump's black support at higher than 20%
for a long time but the final vote you
know didn't get quite as high as the
rasmuson so is it possible that Trump's
actual percentage of black vote is even
way higher
than the report because if where the
cheating was focused was in non
historically nonvoting black citizens
that would add a whole bunch of fake
hypothetically would add a bunch of fake
votes to Biden which would make Trump's
percentages look un artificially
low if you were going to cheat
Trump and you wanted to cheat in a way
that when people looked at it after the
fact they wouldn't
notice where would you do it where would
be the least noticeable and most
believable anomaly if you want to call
it that in other words where would where
would you put an anomaly that people
wouldn't think was an anomaly well take
these two things ahead of the election
Trump was scoring on credible surveys 20
30%
black voter support crazy right based on
everything we know and think it doesn't
seem possible that he could have had
that much black voter support ahead of
the
election but has rasmuson proven that
they're polling both in 2016 and and
this time have they proven to be
reliable compared to other polls yes I
would say that that's just a fact that
rasmuson is more reliable than other
polls and they were saying black support
for Trump could be not just higher than
before but crazy like unbelievable crazy
that's what that's what rasmason was was
sort of hinting at now in the end was
Trump's black voter support crazy no it
was just impressive and there's a really
big difference between impressive holy
cow you doubled your voter support but
it was doubled from a low base right
it's easier to double 1% than it is to
double 80%
so there there's a question there there
is a difference between what you could
have imagined his vote would have been
and what it was even though it doubled
so if I were going to
hide uh fake votes that's exactly where
I would
insult on Twitter the word
grifter you you know I've been called a
grifter basically everybody in politics
has been called a
grifter and here's why this is the
dumbest insult in politics it's a little
bit like saying uh it's like you know
water is
wet it doesn't really say
anything because we live in a world in
which people merge their passions with
their um their
occupation you see me doing it right now
the reason I do this is because I enjoy
it and I'm interested and I think maybe
I can add something to the system that
would be part of the greater good but I
also because you know it started making
a big impact and the audience was
getting bigger Etc I did what anybody
would do in my situation I said oh if I
put this on YouTube I can make money I'm
doing it anyway I mean I don't think I
would do anything differently but if I
just turn on this switch over here money
starts showing up in my bank account so
I think okay I'll turn on that switch
why wouldn't I because I think I do do a
better job if you know if people are
showing that kind of visible support it
just makes me feel oh not only do people
like it when I do it it they're willing
to pay for it and then it takes me to a
whole different level of effort and
professionalism if you can even call it
that so calling anybody a grifter if
they're talking about politics but if
also found a way to monetize it is
really just saying
nothing because pretty much 100% of the
people that you see at at some level
talking about politics are monetizing it
why wouldn't they is that a crime don't
we live in a system where you're
supposed to do that I mean if you see an
opportunity to monetize something you
were doing anyway if you don't monetize
it you're not really smart so I would
say that a
bigger uh a bigger insult would be uh
are you too dumb to monetize what you
were doing
anyway all
right
um Dr fouchy is saying uh we should keep
the schools open if and that feels like
a a bit of a shift in terms of emphasis
I think for a while he not for a while
but I think he's always said that you
want to do everything you can to keep
schools open you know if you can given
the the risk reward Etc so it's not like
he went from closed schools to open
schools but he's a little more full
throated about it now so if you're
keeping
score here here's the score so far from
the
experts um experts have so far been
wrong about uh when to close uh China
travel Trump was ahead of the experts on
that uh the experts have changed on mask
Effectiveness from its doesn't work to
it does they thought REM Desir was
probably going to be the good stuff and
it isn't uh they thought vaccine
timelines would be you know a year to 5
years and they were completely wrong uh
and of course they've largely ignored
rapid testing as important which is
wrong and they thought there was uh
maybe there wouldn't be lasting immunity
if you've already been infected they
appear to be wrong about that we don't
know how lasting but lasting enough
anyway and now opinions on schools seem
to be uh moving more toward that would
be safe so if you were compare the
experts they got a lot wrong maybe they
still have a lot wrong we don't know
because we don't know where they are on
the curve right if they start in the fog
of war and they're wrong about most
things forgiven right our experts are
not magic you know they don't have magic
powers so in the fog of War they're
going to get a bunch of stuff wrong and
you should forgive them completely for
getting stuff wrong in the fog of War
nobody can get everything right and the
fog of War complete forgiveness is
appropriate But as time goes by you know
they have time to experiment and learn
more Etc and they're getting smarter but
during this time I would just like to
note that Senator Rand Paul who has
disagreed with the experts on a few
occasions he hasn't been wrong
yet I'm just putting that out there Rand
Paul if you're if you're paying
attention to who is making predictions
and statements in public about important
things you want to keep track of your
track record right that's why I tell you
you should make your predictions in
public and then go check them
later I'm just saying that Rand Paul has
now created
a let's say a history of being far
superior in predicting and understanding
the world compared to the experts in the
field now he's you know he's he's got a
uh
Physicians background so that's not the
biggest surprise in the world because
he's got credentials but keep that in
mind right if there's somebody who
continues to be right time after time
and there is another class that
continues to be wrong half the time keep
that in mind all
right
uh I saw Kyle cashu tweeting this will
Kaepernick denounce Nike for using slave
labor now I don't know is there a new
story I looked I didn't see it in the
headlines is there any some kind of new
story about Nike and slave labor it's a
good question even if it's not a new
story doesn't Nike
maybe use some China labor that's a
little sketchy are there any Wagers
making Nike stuff I don't know are there
does anybody know would anybody know
would Nike even know I don't know if
anybody knows that stuff but it's a good
question how can Kaepernick support Nike
if it's true and I'm not making this
allegation so I'm asking you if there's
some news about it that I haven't
seen all right forget about that uh
Heraldo Rivera was tweeting that the
president is allowing some stuff to be
moved already from the White House some
stuff being moved in some stuff being
moved out I don't quite understand why
it's happening now though doesn't that
seem too early how do you run the
government between now and inauguration
if people are moving their stuff out of
the White House I don't know but at
least it shows that the president has
every intention of a peaceful transition
assuming the process plays out that
way speaking of rasmason they say say
that almost half 47% of us likely
voters now believe there was enough
fraud to ensure Biden would win
47% of the country believes that the
election was fraudulent and fraudulent
enough to change the
outcome um that includes 75% of
Republicans and 30% of Democrats which
is really the surprising part if you
told me in advance 47% of uh likely
voters thought it was fraudulent I would
have said oh big deal 47% isn't that
coincidentally the same number of
Republicans you know surprise all
Republicans are on one side and all
Democrats are on the other side
surprise but that's not the surprise the
surprise is that only 75% of Republicans
think this election was
fraudulent who are those other 25%
who are the 25% of Republicans who think
this was a fair election I haven't met
one yet have you have you met a
republican who thought it was a fair
election I know they exist because I've
seen some you know people writing about
it Etc but I haven't met one so 25%
seems like a surprising number to me
could be not impossible just surprises
me but 30% of Democrats think the
election was stolen
that's the surprising number 30% of
Democrats so here's my question to you
the House of
Representatives they they uh represent
the people the House of Representatives
they have an obligation to the law and
the constitution of course but their
highest obligation is to the people and
the Republic if you are the Republicans
in the house are you going to accept an
electoral college result and which 47%
of the likely
voters believe there was enough fraud to
change the election outcome can you do
that I would say that the president has
now created a situation in which he has
an unobstructed path to the presidency
what will change that or what would be
the obstruction I guess is not the law
and not public opinion and not that the
process or the system has steps to allow
it to happen
the part that will derail this if it
gets derailed is that I believe the
courts will not want to rock the boat
meaning I think the court will find some
reason because they can always find a
reason to put Biden in office even
though they don't believe he won or that
the evidence doesn't prove he won or
that they're not confident in the in the
outcome but I think they'll just go for
stability over I think you'll see the
courts go for stability over technical
accuracy
um I made an accusation on Twitter that
I'm going to stay with for and I'll tell
you why I made the prediction that the
reason that we don't already have cheap
rapid tests that you can do at home do
you know by now in uh almost December
that we don't have these rapid test
strips that you can just go to the CVS
go to the drugstore buy a dozen of them
for 20 bucks test yourself as much as
you want okay maybe it's not the most
accurate test but you got 12 of them so
you can test yourself every day
sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't
but if you have it if you've got the
virus and you test yourself 12 times
you're probably going to catch it sooner
than if you didn't have these test kits
so the
idea is perfectly sound the technology
apparently is very doable you can make
these in the lab it's not that hard and
I'm told that the reason we don't have
these yet is that the FDA requires every
test to meet medical device
specifications so in other words there's
some high hurdles that the people who
could easily make these inexpensive but
not that accurate tests they can't meet
these hurdles and here's one of
them an example of the hurdles is that
you need to separately qualify a rapid
antigen test for both symptomatic and
asymptomatic and it's hard to do uh some
testing of asymptomatic people because
you don't know who to test you would
have to sort of blindly just test I know
thousands of people and hope there were
some asymptomatic people in that group
so it's hard to
test but we live in a world in which the
Trump Administration is willing to
remove any
uh regulation or rule that gets in the
way of solving the pandemic you you saw
the Trump Administration do it lots of
times right oh that's stopping us from
getting there we'll get rid of that rule
uh you can't have there's some rule
against uh tele medicine across state
lines that's stupid get rid of that rule
so we know that the Trump Administration
can get rid of
rules if it makes sense to do so full
transparent
right they're doing it right in front of
the public saying yes this rule doesn't
make sense anymore in a pandemic we're
just going to get rid of it that's what
happened with telea health across state
lines didn't make sense so they just got
rid of it could the Trump Administration
recognize this problem and just get rid
of those requirements and just say okay
okay these are not really medical test
devices just put a label on it that says
it's only 80% effective or whatever they
are and we're good just just put the
label on it that says what it is and
what it isn't and just go ahead and make
them do you think that the FDA could do
that or the government in general let's
say working with the FDA do you think
they could do that and that they
understand the argument now those of you
who are saying but wait if it's only 80%
accurate that's no good I don't know
what the real number is but let's use
that to which I say then you don't
understand the argument the argument is
if you've got a a cupboard full of cheap
tests it doesn't matter if they're 80
only 80% effective because you can do
one every day if it didn't work on
Tuesday well there's a pretty good
chance it'll catch it on Wednesday and
you still got it faster than if you
didn't know you had it and you weren't
testing at all because you don't have
any symptoms
so could the government understand the
AR argument agree with the argument and
change the rules fairly easily so the
industry which knows how to make these
test strips could just start making them
and just put a warning label on it so
you know what you're getting what what
is the obstacle to this happening now
there have been articles in major
Publications including Time Magazine
where Michael Mina explains you know
he's expert in this area and he he
explains why this is a good thing and
why it can be done and why you you could
basically Crush Corona virus by
Christmas if we did it do you think now
here's why I say that the most likely
explanation for why we haven't done this
thing which as I explained it sounds
like we obviously should have done it
what what is the reason we didn't do it
if we know that removing uh rules and
and and uh regulations we know we can do
that what would be the
reason I don't know the reason but I'll
tell you this if we if we the public had
been presented with a good argument
which says yes we have these rules that
make it hard to do but we need to keep
these rules and here's my reason if I
heard the
argument even if I didn't agree with it
necessarily I would say to myself oh
well it could be incompetence or it
could be my incompetence it could be
that I thought it was a good idea but
these smart professionals looked at it
and said it wasn't but the good news is
they
communicated here's the key point they
communicated it was an important idea
that was raised by professionals
reported in major Publications doesn't
your government need to report to you
what they think of this important idea
that could end the pandemic do you think
that your government can just
ignore an idea for ending the pandemic
by
December just ignore
it because they know it right they've
heard it there's no question that the
Administration has heard the idea but if
you heard why they're not doing it have
they ever announced thank you for this
idea we've looked into it this is why
we're not doing
it no you haven't at least as far as I
know and I I've been tracking this and I
haven't seen it and so I take the the
only assumption that you can given this
set of
facts something criminal is happening
something fraudulent or criminal there's
either a bribe or somebody has a job
lined up after this Administration or
they have a they sit on a board of some
pharmaceutical company that would be
harmed by doing this or something
there's something happening here that
that screams of
Fraud and until it's explained to us the
public I believe that it is both
right and rational to assume that the
Trump Administration is engaged in and I
don't mean Trump himself I doubt he's in
the details on this topic but somewhere
in the administration it seems to me
there's a screaming red flag for massive
criminal likee but maybe legal
corruption so for those of you who have
been bothering me for years and saying
why don't you
ever uh criticize the Trump
Administration why do you only say good
things I
don't this is a pretty good example I'm
I'm accusing them in public of massive
probable fraud or something that's close
enough to fraud whether it's technically
illegal that it's
should be stopped whatever it is now do
I think somebody mentioned Pence do I
think that Pence is compromised no no I
don't do I think that Trump knows what's
this the details of what I just
described nope I don't he would know
what the FDA tells him probably so I
don't blame Trump specifically except
that the boss the boss always takes the
responsibility all right um here's a
little experiment for you if you really
want to get into some uh conspiracy
theory stuff on climate change uh here
would be a little experiment that I
don't think anybody will do but it would
be fascinating start recording the
difference between the temperature at
your house on the mercury thermometer
that's just always in the same place
around your house
outdoors and what your phone tells you
is the temperature you know if you ask
your digital device or you check your
computer what's the temperature in my
town now your specific house and the
placement of your specific thermometer
doesn't mean that's going to match the
official you know temperature of your
town probably off a degree or two you
know at least so you start measuring the
difference and don't worry that they're
a little bit different because one is an
average and one is your specific
thermometer and then start measuring
them for years every day and see if that
difference
starts to
increase so that's the conspiracy theory
part because the temperature that you
get from your digital device goes
through some common database that has
some
official you know official on it right
whereas your mercury thermometer that's
outside on the corner of your house is
just you looking at the thermometer so
your mercury thermometer probably won't
change physically
and it can't be influenced by
politics but the official reported
numbers can be influenced by
politics and so if you saw that the the
the computer reported number is climbing
higher and your temperature on your
house is not 10 years from
now you would have detected maybe a
little bit of bias in the official
reporting don't know I'm just saying
that uh I'm just saying that that would
be something that I'd want to keep an
eye
on all right I'm going to close out with
my idea of
where um Building Homes is going to be
in the future you've seen uh probably
videos of 3D printed homes it's like a
giant 3D arm that they put in the middle
and then it just swirls around and it
prints sort of this like fake concrete
wall wall and makes a house I don't
believe that's the future I don't
believe that a 3D printed house can ever
work because you have too many reasons
to want to uh change your house you know
you want to add a window knock down a
wall Etc and it looks like once these 3D
printed houses are built it would be
pretty messy to to change a wall or add
a door any of that stuff and that
happens so much
that I think is just impractical to just
print a house but here's what I think
will happen instead the 3D printer or
printers will be put in the middle of
what will be a Housing Development and
it will print the
parts as needed to build but those parts
will be smallish and one person can pick
them up and snap it together and it
would snap together in a legol like way
so that your home owner could build
their own home just going over to the
central 3D printer so you wake up in the
morning the printer's been going all
night and when you go to work in the
morning there's a new pile of parts and
these parts are exactly the ones you
need next so it's not it's not the ones
that you store until you need them
they're the ones you need today and
that's the only thing that got printed
and and the instructions come with them
and you walk in you say okay this block
is for the West Wall and when you go
three blocks up replace that one with
the special blocks that have conduit for
the electrical and you go oh okay show
me the YouTube video you look at it for
about 10 seconds you go okay West wall
dump boom and you walk over and just and
that's what you do today now could a 3D
printer print your door knobs yes could
a 3D printer print your metal faucets
yes could a pre 3D printer print every
single part of your
house separately that you could snap
them together without cutting and
without using a hammer to nail anything
I think yes now if the houses that were
built were predesigned from a certain
set of homes that engineers and
Architects had already you know tested
and vetted and it would pass everything
then how hard is it to get get a
built I feel as though somebody says you
would need a different 3D printer I
think that's right so you might need
like a one that does uh one kind of
material say metal and another one that
does the wall material
Etc all right so this is my suggestion
and then once your community has been
built out you take those several 3D
printers and you move them to a new
community and you just start again
um yeah different nozzles for different
materials right now I saw and I tweeted
this around a new 3D printer that is so
cool it blew my mind and I'm going to
describe it for you so let's say you you
had an object and you wanted to print a
duplicate of that object today you your
3D printer would you know look at it and
scan it all around and I would start
building from the bottom up a 3D
representation could take a long time
there's a new version of a 3D printer
that it's going to make you mad that you
didn't think of it where you can take
any object and you put it in the 3D
printer it doesn't matter the dimensions
of the object just has to be small
enough you put it in your 3D printer and
then the 3D printer let's see if I can
do this visually I think I can uh drops
on top of it a uh a bunch of 3D printed
go goo that goes on top of it and
because it's goo it wraps around it just
because it's sort of liquid it just
wraps around it and then it creates a
mold so that now you can just inject
that mold and you make as many of these
as you want now that would be making
something that's only this on the
outside I'm not talking about printing
the guts of what's in here just the
outsides but when you see breakthroughs
like that you could imagine that you
could take one leg go stick it in the
machine and have this machine just make
you another
one now the other thing that you would
want to do in these communities that are
built by 3D printers is make them
standardized so that later you know a
year from now when your door knob falls
off that you just print another door
knob or there's one just like it so you
you you don't have that many
options um yes it's a a vacuum mold
that's that is correct all right that's
all for now
I will talk to you
tomorrow all right Periscope is
off and YouTube you're still here with
me
um that's right it's YouTube chat
time housing cost is mainly location
value not building cost well that's
certainly true you know if you're in
you're on the beach or something but how
how much land do we have in the United
States that you could build if you had
good
Wi-Fi you had water and you know you
could get to an airport and electricity
and and that's that's all I mean if you
were going to work from home on your
computer you have the option of being
able to just go somewhere where they can
build on cheap land in fact there is so
much free land in inner cities it's free
now you the uh the local politicians are
crooked so good luck getting an if it
but the where uh Bill po has cleared off
the urban um Decay there are places that
have just been cleared and the value of
the land is almost nothing so there are
plenty of places to build for almost
free in terms of
land um how can I red pill my wife
I should do a special on just on doing
exactly
that uh why do builders make huge houses
let me tell you about Builders so the
the objective of a builder is to sell a
house they don't have to live in the
houses that they sold so when you go to
a model home and you're walking through
it and you're thinking oh I might want
to buy one like this model you're not
really looking at it as critically as
you could you're you're you're not
really asking yourself if I need a broom
how far do I have to walk you're just
looking at sort of the space and the
colors and the location and stuff so a
builder doesn't really need to build a
house that fits your needs they only
need to build a house that you want to
buy because you're not smart enough when
you're just looking at a house to
imagine all the ways you're using it and
all the things that can go wrong and the
efficiencies and how hard will it be to
do the maintenance on this part of the
house and you ever replace this and does
this door open the wrong way and all
that stuff you just don't notice when
you're buying the house so the first
thing you need to know is that you you
would say to yourself Scott Scott Scott
we've had this free market for building
houses for you know 100 years or
whatever the free market has obviously
improved homes to the point where you
know people are getting the best value
that they can from the home not even
close
nothing like that has happened not even
close instead home builders have learned
what people will buy which is a
completely different decision from
what's the best home to live in not even
close
um and you called it
BS I saw something oh let me go back to
that
comment there's a JHU Ken says study on
death rates I'm an actual retired guy
with an economics degree okay so you're
you are
smart uh and you called it BS last week
why will you not look at it oh uh
they're they're all BS so the
reason there are some things that I
refuse to look at even if they're in a
publication and somebody serious serious
wrote them because
if it's not in mainstream Publications
there's usually a reason now sometimes
it's because somebody's suppressing
something but even then it would at
least be in the other mainstream media
so in other words if it's not on CNN and
it's not on
Fox then people on the left and the
right have looked at it and said I don't
think so so when you tell me that
there's this outlier study and I think
what you're referring to is the idea
that the net deaths did not go up that
would be the biggest story in the
world and you telling me that the
biggest story in the world which would
completely clear president Trump of of
any bad anything if it looked like there
was no extra death rate at
all um that would be the biggest story
it would be all over Fox Russia would be
talking about it
so that doesn't mean that a brand new
story won't become the story that's in
the all of those
Outlets but if it's been around a while
and it never made the
leap usually it's not worth looking
at Scott did I build did you build your
home yes so I
designed this home and had a builder and
architect work with me to get it
done
um have I considered the great reset
yeah I'm calling on the great
reset inter of it being something that
somebody planned in
advance have I ever tried magic
mushrooms yes once in my 20s and it was
the best day of my life and changed me
forever I've talked about that quite a
bit
um Biden injury happened at grateful's
where did it
happen in Virginia and that is an Old
Dominion tribe yeah so the coin inces
are happening because of the
uh coincidences are
happening
um all right well I'm not worried about
klouse Schwab and anything he said about
anything
uh somebody said Agony of defeat is
pedantic good good pun with
pedantic oh so Chris somebody's asking
about Christina and holiday music well
Christina is uh perfecting her holiday
piano uh music and she picks she picks
Arrangements that are especially hard
and and complicated so when she plays
you know Jingle Bells on the piano it
it's not the jingle bells that that you
hum where you go pink pink pink pink
pink pink it's it's a you know it's a
complicated one so she's uh I don't know
what she's going to put on video or what
she'll release but it's sounding uh
terrific right
now is Fox News Dead with conservatives
no I don't think
so
uh Scott says both with an L both or
both yeah I do put an L in there you're
right I put I insert an L in the word
both I wonder if that's a regional thing
or just a dumb thing all right that's
all for now I'll talk to you
tomorrow