don't undercut them dumb pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom pom pom I like that turn
on Studio hey everybody it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams the best part of
the day I think you'd agree it's pretty
obvious really hello dr. Burris
hello the rest of you jack good to see
you come on in here it's time for the
simultaneous it but all you need is a
cup of our glass of tanker chelators
sign in the canteen trigger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee enjoy me
now for the oven care of a little
pleasure the dopamine of the day the
thing that makes everything including
the Wuhan virus better it's called the
simultaneous if it happens now go hmm
so as I often do I was watching myself
in replay so I I play back my periscopes
now and then just to see what it looks
like and see if I could make it better
and I gotta tell you one of the that one
of the systems you should implement in
your life and it really really helps you
understand yourself is making a real
concerted effort to monitor your
personality after certain conditions
have changed so for example monitor your
personality after you've had a good
night's sleep and then compare it to a
bad night's sleep you get to see a
difference
hungry versus not hungry and as you all
know I've mentioned it I'm coming off of
a prednisone so I had some prednisone
for some sinus stuff and it completely
changes my personality and so I noted
before I take it so that I could watch
myself like an observer which is really
hard
because when is you you don't really
feel like you're observing yourself
you're just you but you can do it if you
practice so I've been watching myself
sort of objectively to see if I turned
into a different personality
I'm prednisone and when I watch myself
on the playback I really did
so you know I'm on the tail end in it
now so we should be normalizing but as I
was watching myself I thought I don't
think I'd watch that guy he seems kind
of some kind of intense and angry and a
little belligerent so my judgment of
myself is that I was a little
belligerent yesterday and a little bit
unkind I was definitely hard on the
president I doubt I've ever been harder
on Trump than I have this week I think
you'd probably agree let's talk about
all that stuff anyway so it's a good
it's just a good technique to learn to
watch yourself objectively and say hey
is that my normal personality is that or
is that because of the meds I'm on or I
didn't get enough sleep or something all
right there's a whole bunch of stuff
happening number one I understand that
the Chinese government really really
really hates it when you call this any
kind of a Chinese flu or or the the
Wuhan virus now once I learned that the
Chinese government really hates it
wouldn't you call the virus that I
decided that from now on I'll only call
it the Wuhan virus now I don't love
calling it any kind of a Chinese virus
because Chinese refers to you know
variously the country the people etc and
that's a little close to to making a you
know an accidental racist sounding
statement but Wuhan is literally the
name of government gives a piece of real
estate so that to me feels like more
government and it's the government of
China that I eat with the passion the
people are quite awesome in fact
let me thank the people of China right
now the the people of China as opposed
to the government who sacrificed a lot
to slow this virus down and you guys did
a great job for the for the world
certainly the people working on
containing it in China were not the
people responsible for releasing it if
anybody is responsible who knows where
it came from but the Chinese people a
plus plus plus and the big thank you for
the sacrifice that you guys did because
I know you were fighting for your own
lives and for your families and for your
own country but it helped the world as
well so thanks and it looks like things
are or may be slowing down over there so
Chinese really getting handle on it in
these times of national not national
global crisis it's good to take stock of
the more sober-minded
among us so leadership leadership sort
of bubbles up where you don't expect it
you see this in a whole bunch of
different ways people are just sort of
stepping up and taking a position on the
Wuhan virus taking a position meaning
they're there saying what could I
uniquely do that would help you know
what's what's the thing that I can do
that's my skill set and you see me doing
it as best I can
I was just noticing on Twitter that
famous I'd never know what to call him
because he's so many things but among
others an evolved raava comte is a
famous investor an adviser of startups
and things like that now you wouldn't
probably wouldn't call himself that but
but within his talent stack there's this
tremendous range of investment business
understanding and so he he tweets I
think it was last night he said current
market panic feels overblown now when
somebody like navall says that it means
more right so if the smartest most
experienced people are saying
the market looks overblown they're
saying it for a reason they're saying it
for a reason because the economy is a
psychology machine and the people who
understand that and have important
positions you know in the world where
they can say look I'm experienced listen
to me on this topic that's what they've
all saying he's saying the current
market panic feels overblown this is a
short-term shock Asian countries show
social distancing assisted by
seasonality and
endure on flu that's my work works
headlines will worsen as mass testing
begins so in other words it's going to
look worse just because we're
discovering more of it as we get better
at testing he says take it seriously for
yourself wear masks for others don't
panic trade he says I don't so don't do
panic training so you know that all
saying that I'm not a big fan of it but
you know there's there's nothing to fear
but fear itself
which every president said that Rozelle
and this is one of those cases where
that's purely true the only thing that
would destroy that you know the
financial markets is bad thinking so if
we if we just decide to be too afraid
well we'll go I'll go you know basically
run off a cliff together but it takes
people like Duvall and I hope that my
voice adds to this a little bit to say
this is temporary because it is I would
say the one thing that you could bet on
with the greatest certainty of anything
you've ever bet on is that it's
temporary most things are and so we'll
be fine
just keep your psychology strong this is
not the time to panic sell and I find
that a helpful message so when people
when people of that station tell you to
relax that means something and that's
helpful
so there was a apparently a fascinating
interaction last night on CNN where Don
Lemon was interviewing John Kasich no
cases of course is no fan of President
Trump but he is a moderate Republican
and lemon was trying to get John Kasich
to say bad things about Trump's national
address last night about the war on
virus and cases wouldn't do it it cases
basically said yeah I was pretty good
yeah it was 98 percent okay yeah I mean
he had to clarify a few things big deal
he was reading it from a teleprompter so
obviously it was prepared and all the
right people saw it and everything and I
guess Don Lemon was flipping out because
he couldn't get the cases to say
something bad about Trump in a crisis
now I don't think I've ever liked John
Kasich better than last night so much so
that I thought if he had you know if he
had rear edge' stirred as a Democrat and
just ran as a Democrat I mean he to have
a shot because he is a completely
reasonable level by the guy who has
never been crazy and I appreciated him a
lot last night just sticking up for the
fact that the the president's addressed
and I'll give my own criticisms so I'm
not I'm not agreeing with cases his view
I just appreciate the independence of it
the fact that he wasn't going to take
aside during a crisis when he's so cute
he so easily could have you know
criticized the president because he's
criticized the president a lot right
it's not like Kasich doesn't know how to
criticize the president he knows how but
he chose during this panic not to
nitpick I was something that wasn't
worth picking out so good job John
Kasich appreciate the leadership here's
a question for you
um none of this is going to be in any
particular good order today but why
don't we know more about ventilators
here's the here's my question for the
news media and I would actually like you
you
newsmedia 270 reporter somewhere you
know seven somebody out and get a report
on us who is making our ventilators and
how and how quickly are we ramping up
why is that not the biggest story
because it's the most crucial piece of
equipment the thing that will be most
in-demand if if things crest the way we
think they will but who makes them do we
even make them in the United States are
they hard to make if we wanted to
suddenly go from you know making a
hundred a week to ten thousand a week
could we do it I don't know
so you know in World War two one of the
most amazing things was that the United
States industry just sort of immediately
transitioned into making tanks of the
war materials etc and dinner pretty
quickly I don't know what quickly means
in that context but it was quick so
here's a question I ask you how close
are we in terms of you know the totality
of Technology from robots to 3d printers
to - you name it how close are we to
spinning up a factory to make a product
that's let's say robot run starting from
scratch like how quickly could we build
even if it's a temporary facility you
saw trying to build these entire
hospitals temporary hospitals but they
built have been like a week what what
would it take for the United States with
all of its resources in an emergency to
spin up a robot manufacturing facility
for ventilators because you know you
could skip a lot of safety stuff you
know it's a temporary building it's an
emergency use wave all the red tape out
of the way so if you got rid of all the
red tape what could the best engineers
with unlimited resources of the federal
government highest priority working day
and night how fast could we do it and
why don't we have because somebody's
doing it right now right I mean somebody
is making more ventilators I think
right nobody's making new ventilators I
believe they are and how about if you
wanted people to help suppose it's a
suppose it's an assembly line situation
do you think you could find enough
people to work on the assembly line
temporarily to make these ventilators
yeah of course
unlimited labor you want labor to make
to assemble ventilators you got it I'll
do it
yeah I'll volunteer tomorrow I'll make
you some ventilators it's an emergency
of course you have all the labor you
want so you have all the money all the
labor all the knowledge how fast could
we put them together and why isn't the
news showing us videos of the people
we're actually doing that I have a real
curiosity about that because it seems
like the main there might not be
anything that's more important in the
end that's what's going to keep people
alive I think all right I I was pretty
disgusted watching the news last night I
don't know if this is the Preta so I'm
still talking so here here's one of
those points where I have to catch
myself and I say all right is the next
thing that comes out of my mouth because
I know what it is you don't this is the
next thing that comes out of my mouth
was that my normal personality
I don't really know it doesn't feel like
it it feels a little more aggressive
than normally I would be but I'm gonna
do it anyway I've been trying to figure
out why there's so much looser think on
social media more than usual and
specifically around the the Wuhan virus
and I thought at first I thought to
myself oh it's just because I'm noticing
it more because there's a new topic for
people to be doubled about so I'm just
you know tuned to it so I'm just
noticing it more but there was a
similarity to it that I kept saying to
myself why why is there this weird
similarity to the things people are
saying that don't make sense and
unfortunately I I found the source
I found the mothership here's what I'm
talking about
I keep seeing people
comparing the Wuhan virus to regular flu
death rates and people will say well a
regular flu death rate is tens of
thousands a year the Wuhan virus has
only killed a few relative to that there
you go
and I and every time somebody does that
I just say to myself stop it stop it
the stupidity is crowding me stop
comparing the wrong things who compares
a problem which by its nature is going
to be your logarithmically exponentially
increasing but it's just starting who
complain compares that to something
that's already run its full course
well not smart people smart people do
not compare a regular virus that's
already done a full year of killing
people just something that just started
because wouldn't you expect the regular
flu would be a big number because it's
already done and the new one is just
article who compares those who is who is
so dumb to say that in public
over and over again besides the
President of the United States sorry
sorry the president did the same thing
I'm not going to give them I'm not going
to give them a pass on that and then I
turn on TV last night to Fox News and
I'm watching Sean Hannity say that and I
thought to myself well Sean you're a
smart guy you know it's good context to
say the regular flu kills as many I
think that's good to know I'm happy that
people are reporting that but that he
says and wuhan flus you know when we
killed this many and then I'm waiting
for Sean say but it's just starting so
you shouldn't compare something just
starting to something that's already
done so I'm waiting for Sean to say that
and then he changes the topic he keeps
talking I'm like okay well maybe he'll
circle back to it
and then he doesn't he
and I'm thinking that's where this
is coming from that's where it's coming
from
it's coming from Fox News I read an
article last night who was it was it
Margaret all of it or something
who said that it would save lives if if
Rupert Murdoch would bear down on Fox
News and tell him to stop saying
basically that and when I read that I
thought come on you know this this is
just inside baseball and you know it's
not going to save lives if Fox News
reports things differently and then I
watched Sean Hannity shell and I thought
I know I agree with that I agree with
that if if Rupert Murdoch wants to be
responsible and during this crisis he
should talk to Sean Hannity and tell him
to stop doing that he should actually
just say look I'm the boss it's an
emergency
normally I don't bother you you know you
do your show that's our deal it's not my
opinion that's your show it's your
opinion Sean Hannity but stop comparing
it to the flu and then stopping it's
fine to compare it to the normal flu and
say but people were just starving so you
know this new one is ten times more
dangerous we think it could be in you
know far bigger than a regular flu that
would be great but Sean Hannity I think
you need to raise your game a little bit
for for the the greater good I'm not I'm
not going to put this because it's an
emergency I don't like to be hard on
people I'd rather that I would coerce
people to be on the same side so Sean
Hannity and by the way I'm a huge
admirer of Sean Hannity's skill stack I
think I've talked about that before if
you look at the number of skills that
Sean Hannity puts together to do what he
does it's it's jaw-dropping I mean he
has a lot of skills that that fit
together really well but I don't think
one of them is economics as far as I
know I don't think it is
and economists and scientists are better
at comparing things and I think because
it's a national emergency and people do
mean to take this seriously I think that
Sean Hannity I would like to ask you
directly to you can still be obviously
it's still helpful to say that normal
flu kills a lot of people but put it in
context please please I mean it's an
emergency we need to have the the best
information out there we can all right
so here's some other we'll talk about
the president's address and well
actually let me talk about it now
so it's a political season so it's
impossible to separate the politics from
any of the stuff even though we should
here was my take on the president's
address first of all it was somber but
low-energy I don't know I heard a lot of
people say they loved it because it was
the right tone it's it's very weird to
watch Trump
be low-energy and read off a
teleprompter because you can tell he's
not in his comfort zone my take on it
was it was fine in terms of the
presentation it was fine it wasn't great
and he's capable of being great but fine
was all we needed we just needed a we
just needed to hear from the president
we needed to to feel like he's in charge
taken seriously he had all those notes
so I would say there was I didn't see
anything I would criticize in it but it
wasn't a home run or anything it just
was a just a good solid presidential
speech but interestingly he decided to
close traffic to Europe air traffic now
here's the here's the way I think you
should look at Trump's performance
because none of us are really good at
evaluating presidents we were not we
think we are we all think we're geniuses
and evaluating presidents and I'm no
different but we're not good at it and
it's good to keep that in mind one of
the reasons that we're not good at it as
we forget
that the valid comparison would be this
president in this situation versus a
different president but the same
situation and that can't be evaluated
because there is no way to evaluate a
different president in this same
situation that can't be done so all you
know is how one person did it and then
you imagine how it could have been done
differently and you end up comparing
your imagination of how it could have
been done differently to what was
actually done and that's not a valid
comparison because your imagination is
not some kind of standard to which all
things can be compared that said here's
a good way here's a useful way to break
out you know your opinion there aren't
that many parts of this emergency that
the president actually does the
president is one of the least important
people in the emergency I know that's
weird but he's actually bordering on
irrelevant and when I say that that as
soon as he does the right things those
are the small things he does are right
so he needs to focus the country's
attention done I'd say 100 percent
effective he needed to do the things
that only a president can do such as
closing the traffic from China and now
closing it from Europe I would say that
he did those aggressively and decisively
and I give him an A for full grades for
doing the things the president can do
specifically just the president's job
then he asked for a two and a half
billion Congress said it's gonna be
closer to eight and a half he said
that's fine and I'll take it you know
you could argue he should have asked for
the Hayden they have first but I don't
take that's just small ball in the real
world if you've ever done anything
important in the real world a situation
like this is not aim fire hit the target
that's not the world where we're in the
world of aiming wildly in the general
direction because it's an emergency you
shoot you see how far off you were you
adjust so we're in the world we're in is
a take a shot adjust take a shot adjust
adjust
adjust adjust it's an adjustment world
it's not it's not a laser focused hit
the target world and so when I see the
president asks for two and a half
million but then Congress says no we're
smarter it's eight and a half billion
nine and a half whatever it is you know
let's adjust happen quickly happen
without any friction right there was no
friction to the adjustment so as long as
you're seeing people take a shot and
then adjust quickly that's everything
you can hope for that's it that's your
government working exactly the way you
wanted to adjust adjust adjust so the
things that the president can do I think
he nailed like the decision as the
president does he put the money there he
got the right person gave it the right
attention did the presidential address
close the airports early those are all
the things he can do beyond that his
messaging I thought was poor but also
irrelevant because as long as he's
willing to say blah blah blah here's
what I think now let's listen to my
expert and I think it's entirely obvious
that dr. Fauci correct me if I'm wrong
but it seems to me that the the experts
that the president has chosen are strong
personalities who understand the nature
of the threat I believe dr. Fauci and
probably the others would stand right
next to the president in public and
contradict him because they have right
now would a plain political person
contradict the president if they were on
the same party while standing in front
of him in public
well not so readily you know a lot a lot
less likely but I think these
professionals are different cats when
you when you listen to foul see speak
there's nothing political there there is
nothing nothing and that's hard to do I
mean he is so foul C is so clear of
political even vibration that
I put a lot of credit in that guy so I'm
I have complete trust that the experts
are telling the president why what needs
to be told
doing the things that need to be done
and and when they do it wrong they're
adjusting so one of the things that was
wrong was the test kits how much and how
to know what the details were but the
early testing stuff was too little
didn't work too late whatever so there
are questions to be answered there but
you know was the President of the United
States aware that we didn't have enough
test kits
well no but of course the the buck stops
at the top so they're adjusting but here
to the same story I said with the
ventilators we should know about the
test kits I'd love to see the news
reports actually standing in the factory
floor watching the people try to
scramble to make more test kits than
they've ever made before I want to see
that process and maybe there's something
we could add to it right did they need
labor do they need funds do they need
expertise does they need me to call
somebody we can make something happen
faster I'd help anyway so I thought the
president's presentation was adequate
hit all the notes any complaining about
it would not be substances the
substantial so I think we're on the
right track and I agree with navall that
that the beauty of this problem is that
it has a timer on we know with a very
high degree of certainty because the
Chinese and South Korean experiences we
know that we can get a hold of this we
know it'll be hard but we know we can do
it so let's treat it like a short-term
thing that it is I saw Mike sort of itch
noted that if everybody starts doing
online education if the colleges stay
closed for a while or maybe even the
schools the lower lower schools people
might find out that they like online
education better and they might
that's definitely a possibility you have
some other unintended consequences that
are starting to form one is that I think
telemedicine might have a resurgence you
know it's already growing but I think
telemedicine will get a big boost so
you'll see that and I think you'll see
online shopping for groceries just
become a thing I just tweeted I think I
tweeted it or liked it I forget a story
that broke my heart
today so I'm gonna tell you to break
your heart there's a woman who's
tweeting was telling the story a young
woman she was in the grocery she was in
the parking lot of her grocery store and
she heard somebody yelling from inside a
car and it was two elderly people who
were inside the car they they cracked
the window open and apparently they've
been sitting in the car for 45 minutes
trying to yell to passers-by that they
were afraid to get into their car and go
in public to shop for groceries they
didn't have food and they were yelling
to people to help them apparently they
didn't have much of a social whole
family support system so these two
elderly people went there and sat in
their car and yelled through a crack in
the window and finally this woman said
she'd buy him some groceries so they so
they put down some money and a shopping
list and so she shopped for some things
and putting put them in her trunk now
there might be a lot more of that going
on there might be a lot more seniors who
are panicked and don't don't have the
capacity to get through this the best
way so I would say if you know anybody
you know in that over 70 age group you
might want to check up on them and one
way to help them might be to set up some
online grocery shopping and maybe you
have to do it for them but just have
their address and their credit card on
it so the food will be delivered to them
directly so I don't know how to help the
old people in your life but put some
work into it so figure out who is your
most vulnerable person in your circle
figure out what you can do to help them
because this will harden virus is not a
spectator sport as I say this is this is
all of us this is all of us doing
different things and you're gonna have
to help out some elderly people tom
hanks and his wife apparently have the
Karuna virus there in Australia doing a
movie and it's reported that they have
it their symptoms are mild but here's
the thing that got me a little close to
home so Tom Max is 63 years old and
reportedly somebody will have to confirm
this
he has type 2 diabetes is that true
and that's one of the top risk factors
so he's over 60 that's a risk factor and
he has a special condition
I'm sure it's well well treated and
monitored and he would have you know
obviously the finest healthcare but
here's why this scares me in particular
I'm gonna be 63 his exact age and I also
have a risk condition in my case asthma
and so I'm watching Tom Hanks like he's
the canary in the coal mine for me so if
if Tom Hanks survives and he's still
alive in a month I'm gonna feel a lot
better about myself selfishly speaking
I'm sort of using it as my my surrogate
if he survives the crow to virus I'm
pretty sure I can because you know he's
a very healthy 63 I've been very healthy
63 except for that one one issue now of
course my problem is is is a lung
problem so I probably have higher risk
if we are checking our prediction models
I would like to check mine for you
number one did you see the video of
Kamala Harris and Joe Biden together in
which they they pretend they're doing an
endorsement and calmly says she's
endorsing Biden and then they do a
staged artificial conversation after the
F
the director yells cut in which Kabbalah
talks about her I guess her supporters
are called the K hive for comma K hive
and Joe Biden talks directly to them in
hopes that they will support him in his
campaign but the the actual most
interesting part of the little video
because we know that the Democrats are
lighting up behind Biden so that's not
surprising but the part of the video
that is most interesting is their
chemistry watch watch the if you have a
chance watch it or watch it again watch
the chemistry between Camilla Harris and
Joe Biden it's really good it's actually
really good to me anyway I mean I
suppose I could be fooled by it but from
an observers perspective they look
actually like a good pair like they have
some genuine affection and apparently
the back story is that they do because
Carla was apparently very close with
Beau Biden and therefore Joe Biden so I
think Coble is gonna be at best
prediction that I ever made because as
vice president she would be as
effectively the presidential candidate
but here's another one so I think it was
the fact-checking me on this but I think
I'm right on this it was January 28th
that President Trump called for the ban
on travel to China January 28th on
January 24th most of you watched me go
absolutely crazy on periscope yelling
that we should close the borders so
that's a four-day different so January
24th
I was aggressively calling for the
Chinese travel to stop and when I said
it I don't know if anybody else had
somebody says Wow Scott you love that
Harris lady don't you apparently you're
new here nobody has criticized cobbler
Harris more than I have but that doesn't
change the fact that demographically
she's a good fit for the the ticket and
it doesn't change the fact that she has
real
good chemistry with Joe Biden they have
you know honestly let's look at this way
if you assume the Joe Biden has some
declining rental situation there who do
you want is the vice president do or
somebody that he picked who is just some
governor that he doesn't have any
connection with that just fits well
within the ticket but wouldn't have any
special connection to him that would be
kind of dangerous wouldn't it because if
if the risk that you're looking at is
that Joe Biden might be you know not
fully able to complete it a term as
president you want that vice president
to not just be capable of taking over
the job but you want them to have a
really good connection with the boss
because that's a delicate conversation
and it might not be a case of where a
medical doctor says okay I'm calling the
I'm calling it I'm a medical doctor you
know we need to replace the president
but I don't know if you wait for that
you want somebody who's close enough to
the president to say in a private in a
private conversation you know Joe you
saw what you did yesterday I'm worried
about it I think we ought to have a
serious conversation about this I think
kamo Harris might be close enough to him
personally that she could have that
conversation I don't know if a governor
could just some random vice president he
picks because it fits good on the ticket
so I think she's a guarantee anyway so
what I'm going to say about I called for
the travel ban on January 24th the
president did it on the 28th he's being
praised for doing it early I would like
to add this to my correct predictions
even though it wasn't in the form of a
prediction because I I don't know if
anybody in the country said it before I
did can anybody confirm that for me was
there was there any public person I'm
sure there were private individuals
plenty of them but was anybody in public
calling for the Chinese travel to be
shut down completely before I did on
January 24th
let me know because I'd like to feel
like I was a constructive voice in that
but there's no way to really know all
right let's see how's the social
distance incoming for all of you I've
just sort of track my social distancing
you know putting numbers on it I'm doing
it in my mind I'm not not keeping a
spreadsheet but yesterday for example I
shook 0 hands and I was in 0 crowds and
the only person I touched was Christina
so I'm doing okay i-i've not stood and
by the way have you noticed that
everybody in public is squirrelly have
you noticed that somebody says something
says shut TF up common-law sucks and
everyone knows that maybe some of you
are new but on this periscope were
allowed to say that somebody does things
well but also does some other things not
well if you can't handle that you're on
the wrong periscope yeah the minimum
requirement for being able to watch this
periscope is that you have to be able to
say that people are not all bad or all
good and groups are not all bad or all
good well okay there's probably some
groups that are all bad but we don't
talk about them too much so you know try
to try to improve your games so that you
can accept that people could be good at
things and bad at other things it's the
thing it really is
NBA got cancelled all the rallies are
canceled remember I told you yesterday
that the president should have gone
first
because whoever goes first just looks
like they're the smart one because you
know it's all going to happen you might
as well go first the weirdest just the
weirdest story about this NBA
cancellation is that that so there was
one player Gobert gob
TRT or is it Gobert this is again makes
me feel like the simulation is winking
at me that the guy who's in this story
has Bert as the last part of his name go
Bert anyway so he's a basketball player
and prior to be prior to being tested
and finding out that he is the first NBA
player confirmed to have the coronavirus
prior to testing this is the funny part
before he was testing he's giving one of
these little pressors where each of the
players come out you know by themselves
and talk to the press and he jokingly
stands up and makes a joke about the
corona virus and then in front of the
cameras he jokingly touches all the
microphones and all the places like he
is joking that he's going to spread the
corona virus to whoever comes next to
the microphone he did that on camera
joking and at the time he did it he
didn't know he would be the first person
tested to actually have corona virus
what what is happening is the simulation
is it just screaming at us to know that
this is made up I'm just asking real was
there was there one other basketball
player that we could find a video
footage video meaning you know that you
actually see it in which they were
joking about having the corona virus was
there even one other player anywhere in
the in the professional athlete world
the only one who joked about it on
camera is also the first one to be
confirmed to have it what's happening
how is that even possible
somebody says he's pronounced Gobert
which sound sounds correct all right so
I think the the world of large social
gatherings I could see two things
happening you know I had always
predicted that large gatherings would
have to be canceled at least outdoor
gatherings because of drones
you know and teres just seems like that
was obvious
but maybe the the other reason will be
pandemics and by the way it's officially
a pandemic which changes nothing let's
talk about the worst forms of loser
think I'm seeing here and I mentioned
one and I'm just a run through this list
you've heard some of this but it's worth
reminding you because you're gonna see
so much of it one is that people are
comparing Italy who's having all kinds
of trouble with their hospitals their
hospitals are overloaded with corona or
woo woo Hardin virus patients and people
are saying but don't worry about that
Ascot because that's Italy you know
Italy is not the United States we're not
going to have that kind of problem they
just have you know whatever lesser
health care services or whatever now
that's looser thinking here's why you do
not compare or you should not rationally
compare the Italian situation right now
to any future American situation the the
accurate and useful comparison is Italy
now with the coronavirus versus Italy
with a normal virus in other years with
just the normal flu have their medical
facilities ever been overrun and the
answer is no so that's why you need to
know that this virus is not like other
viruses don't feel that you're safe
because that's only going to happen to
some country that has less resources or
something because even in the top
hospitals you know they're really
high-end hospitals in Italy they're
still having the same problem it has
nothing to do with the quality of the
medical care or or anything that's just
a bad flu so first loser think is
comparing other countries to us
you should only compare those other
countries to themselves in the past with
a regular flu that's your best
comparison now other people say Scott
Scott Scott if you think this flu is bad
explain to me why South Korea has
already got apparently control on it so
the number of new cases was declining to
which I say
that's the exception that proves the
rule South Korea did what nobody else
could do just massive testing and social
distancing and fast acting and you know
just really dramatic changes very
quickly and it worked
apparently or at least it worked in a
sense of slowing it down I don't think
we're gonna you know eradicate it right
away but what you should learn from that
is if you take drastic action you can
slow it down that shouldn't tell you
anything about what's happening in Italy
because they didn't do that it's just a
different situation and of course don't
compare the regular flu to this flu
because the regular flu has already run
its course we know it's full numbers
this one's just starting and the risk is
that it ramps up faster than those other
ones so understand the difference so
those are the main things all right
here's here's the more looser thank in
the form of analogy this is from actor
kamyelle Nanjiani i think he's the actor
on Silicon Valley if I'm correct you
might be a stand-up comedian too I'm not
sure what he does anyway
he offers this analogy about closing the
flights to Europe he says from Europe he
says trying to fight the coronavirus by
limiting travel between Europe and the
u.s. is like trying to clean a coffee
spill by washing the coffee cup so he's
coming out it's actually a clever
analogy so in terms of cleverness is an
a-plus and it's basically a version of
you know closing the barn door after the
horse get out so basically it's just
saying it's too late to which I say what
what is wrong with your brain if there's
new virus coming in from Europe all the
time it's never too late it can't be too
late if new virus is coming into the
country and it's not already here in the
same amount or worse so using an analogy
of a coffee
is so non-rational non-thinking
craziness
now do you what are the odds I didn't
look at his biography but what are the
odds that Kumail Nanjiani who's an actor
by profession what did the odds that he
also has a background in science or stem
or economics probably low
yeah unless he just thought it was funny
I suppose and he knew it wasn't logical
but it was funny can't rule that no
here's another one another opinion and
the funny part is who it comes from so
I'll tell you the opinion first and then
I'll tell you who it comes from okay so
that's the fun part all right so this is
from a tweet it says we're weeks past
the point when suspending travel from
Europe could have even remotely been
seen as a strong major measure to
prevent coronavirus spread and then the
tweet goes on this is Steven Miller
orchestrated xenophobic sleight of hand
so that the real clever plan here is
xenophobia and the tweet goes on we need
solutions for the crisis we're facing at
home right now all right so this is
somebody who thinks we're weeks past the
point when suspending travel from Europe
would have been seen as a strong measure
what I'm pretty sure everybody who was
surprised by it last night thought it
was a pretty strong measure what is good
what would be a stronger measure the
closing flight and closing travel from
Europe which by the way a lot of
Europeans are white just I'm just saying
doesn't seem so racist so this is one of
the dumbest effect if I'm being honest
this is one of the dumbest lowest level
of thinking and awareness I could ever
see you've got this ongoing flow of
problems and the president stopped it
before anybody even thought it was on
the table and this guy says they should
have happened sooner which is literally
a chapter in my book loser think if you
look back a bed shelf no maybe it's not
there anymore oh there it is it's this
one it's called loser think you can't
see it because the the light but there's
actually a section in there where I'm
talking about exactly this alright we're
talking about exactly the fact that you
can always say that something should
have been sooner so that's actually a
chapter in the book called loser think
about bad ways of thinking is that no
matter what you do and how good it is
somebody's gonna say you should have
done this sooner
right because you could always do it
sooner there's no exception
to you should have done it sooner in the
real world I mean hypothetically there
could be you know in a in a technical
sense but in the real world there's
never an exception yep always could've
done this sooner so that's the dumbest
complaint because it's just universally
true so who is this guy who makes the
dumbest point in public without knowing
it's so dumb you should not say this
sort of thing in public what kind of job
with this guy have in which he's so dumb
and so I checked his a his profile and
he was the communication and strategy
for campaigns and candidates and he was
the former national press secretary for
Camilla Harris that's right the guy the
guy who was part of the campaign that I
had identified months ago as the worst
really the worst campaign I've ever seen
he was on that campaign and sure enough
I had identified him as extra stupid
from his tweet and then I looked to see
where he works and I find that I had
already identified that campaign as
extra incompetent coincidence I don't
know yeah his name is Ian Sam
nothing that matters all right I think
that's about what's going on I don't
know what's happening with this Cabala
Harris thing it's it's sort of weird
because I feel like I I'll say ABC and
then I'll watch right in front of me and
people will say Scott why are you saying
XYZ and I'll say well not I just said
ABC and I reject XYZ and then within
five seconds somebody will say but why
do you love XYZ and I'll say I know
what's happening what's happening no my
view I'm come lares is that she's likely
to be the vice president I don't think
she is my first choice for anything but
there you have it she's got some sub
skills and she's got lots of issues that
she needs to improve well why can't I
say that what's wrong with that let me
say so I'm seeing somebody in the
comments used I think it was James Woods
who tried to nickname calmly Harris as
it heals up because she has some history
of a relationship with Willie Brown
politician in California that helped her
a career both Willie Brown and she admit
that's true and for me that's the end of
the story you know what's all the people
that once all the people who are
involved said yeah that's kind of true
that's true
aren't we done I mean once you get
people to say yeah that's totally true
yeah my relationship yeah that helps
they help my campaign aren't we done
what else is there to say about that
blaming people for things that they
acknowledge is a true statement of fact
should be the end of the story should be
the end of the conversation I think I'm
gonna start blocking people who say this
guy has a crush on a oversee that's I
saw that go by in the comments I'll give
you one day of
I'll give you one day of amnesty okay
but after today you will be blocked for
dumbness for accusing me of being in
love with some female politician just
because they're part of the conversation
okay
we can we can be a little better than
that so we'll just block you going
forward bit going
that's Bitcoin just fell off the cliff
this morning right but that you have to
check it every five minutes
good lord holy hell the stock market's
really taking a dump huh Bitcoin is down
to seven I'm sorry it's not down to
seven I'm looking at a fund so that has
a different pricing but it's down to 19%
today so it looks like it's down to a
new low Twitter down 9% Amazon down 4%
well now all that I would refer you back
to involves comment this is no time for
panic selling but it looks like a lot of
people are doing panic selling some
somebody's testing me by saying Scott
has a crush on a OC and your test was
successful you got locked you love her
blog a lot of people want to get blocked
and why did I
somebody says you said you'd never
mentioned the racist a oversee but that
was a lie did I ever say that if I did I
didn't mean it
did you see Pence's under for you I did
not
Dow's down mm yeah you know I just
wanted to worry about the stock market
honestly because it's gonna do what its
gonna do and your share of stuff will be
the same all right
slaughter meter well the slaughter meter
is in a state of flux right now you know
if if the election were held today it
would be a total slaughter and the
president would win gigantically but
there's so much happening with the
corona virus and you know this is going
to be a frothy year whatever problems we
have we're gonna have new ones in the
summer it's just that kind of year so
nothing is predictable anymore but if
the election were held today President
Trump would win in a slaughter
somebody says hope you took your money
out I don't do that so market timing is
not something I do so if you're doing
market timing good luck some of you win
some of you will get wiped out it's just
not my thing somebody says you need to
go to my interface that one huh but
profile yeah blockers gonna block all
right we're just looking at your
comments you know if you don't follow
mark Snyder on Twitter you really should
because there's all kinds of stuff
happening in the nuclear energy field
and you could argue it's the biggest
news in the world that doesn't get
covered because what could be more
important to the you know the hissing
the future of civilization what could be
more important than developing these new
miniature nuclear power plants and you
know we've got free safe clean energy
that solves any risks that you might
imagine from climate change and etc it's
like the biggest story and almost every
day there's a new story about something
got funded something's going into a test
site the government to prove something
there's a ton of stuff happening in the
nuclear energy field but I think all of
it is in the getting ready for stuff you
know kind of domain so that when stuff
starts getting online it's gonna happen
really quickly so in other words there's
a point where you're not going to see
anything tangible but there's just a ton
of activity and that's what we're in
right now for nuclear power but you're
not gonna see the plants for I don't
know maybe in five years people will
start showing you pictures of the nearly
completed plant and stuff but it's gonna
happen quickly when it happens it's just
not happening yet one of the weird
things about this economy is that not
everybody is going to be affected there
will be businesses that that just do
better I've been trying to game it out
in my head like what's likely to happen
because we've never seen a situation
where everybody's stopped traveling for
three months all right like I don't
think we've seen that situation so we're
all just guessing what happens now one
thing that happens is a bunch of people
save their money so for everybody who
loses a paycheck and I hope we can
figure out something to do about that
because that's a pretty big problem a
real big problem
but for everybody who loses a paycheck
for every small business that loses
customers and there will be a lot of
them I feel as though there may be an
equal number of people who still get
their paycheck just like always
even if their employer is not doing so
well you know they're not losing money
yet so let's look at their paycheck and
they won't be spending as much so you
have this weird situation where there's
a whole bunch of people who are just by
luck
we're not affected they get the paycheck
and they don't spend as much so they're
building up their a little savings
account all other people are suffering
what happens the day things you know
let's say when things go back to normal
what happens with the people who have
extra money do they spend it extra fast
or does it become part of their
permanent savings if the people who
actually gained money during this and I
might be one of them by the way so I'm a
perfect example as far as I know at
least in the short run my income will be
roughly the same because you know at
least for the next three months
everything was sort of in the pipeline
and most newspapers will still be in
business and and all that so at the end
of three months I will have saved a
bunch of money that I normally would
have spent I would have traveled I might
have bought more stuff I would have gone
out more I would have gone out to
restaurants more what happens to that
money now in my case you know maybe I
have enough money so it doesn't make any
difference in the world but it could be
half of the country has extra spending
that's pent up and they've been locked
in their houses for three months so you
might see a pouring of spending like
we've never seen before just because
it's possible you know the the people
who are living paycheck to paycheck
let's say as a server for a restaurant
they weren't going on big expensive
vacations anyway so that for them the
job is to survive you know to to to bite
the basics but there are a lot of people
who are going to have some extra cash
and they're going to spend like crazy
when unless they just put it into the
stock bar
which is also possible oh by the way all
that cash that came out of the market
that's got to go somewhere right people
people don't sit on cash in the long run
it's not a thing nobody does it won't
happen so all of that like trillions and
trillions of dollars that just people
took out of the market they parked it
somewhere where's it going it doesn't
disappear it just moved and as long as
it's still there it's gonna move back
when these do so here's the the long
story short that you're gonna see a
recovery that happens so fast it'll make
your head snap so anybody who's not in
the market when the turnaround happens
because it's probably gonna be like you
know just two or three days the whole
world is gonna say well it's back its
back its back get in get in get in
so when it turns back up you're gonna
miss a lot of gain as it goes up so it's
not the time I would be out of the
market but I'm not giving you financial
advice that's all I got for now oh I'm
overtired let's let's go go back to our
day and you have a good day