boom pom pom pom pom oh hey everybody
get in here because it's time for coffee
with Scott Adams and I'm Scott Adams and
I've got my coffee and so should you
what a day what a day my dopamine is
starting to peak flowing through my
veins and yours is getting ready to
because you're here for these
simultaneous that I know you are here's
what you need you need to copy our
marker glasses dye the chalice or Tector
to service a plastic container a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid well I like coffee and join me
now for the unparalleled pleasure the
thing that gets the rest of your day
going the thing that makes everything
better it makes you exercise go faster
makes your chores easier
it's the simultaneous imp join me please
shivers shivers I say well normally what
I do is I make myself some notes before
I do these periscopes and then I look at
my notes and I say to myself hey I think
I'll talk about these things on my notes
today I have no notes for other cells in
here but no notes that are relevant to
this because it seems like there's just
one topic one topic the poor Democrats
having now experienced the most
humiliating defeat in the history of
politics not counting 2016 and here I'm
talking about of course the Muller the
Muller catastrophe what would be a
better word for the Muller thing the
Muller disappointment the greatest
disappointment of all time
so how would they respond well if you
are yeah an ex Clinton communication
person you might say something like
everybody's a racist who votes for
president Trump Joe Lockhart possibly
not the best person in the world
actually tweeted today let's make it
clear I'm paraphrasing that anybody who
votes for President Trump is a racist
tension wear that badge proudly and I
thought to myself was there some kind of
competition to see who could be the
worst human being in the world and is
Joe competing at the highest level for
this what exactly could be worse for the
country than declaring that everyone who
votes for a candidate is a racist
everyone how could that person how could
that person who said that in public ever
get a job again how could you expect to
go through life operating in society
having just branded I know 35% of us
from whatever it is as racist for a
political preference which resulted in
the lowest unemployment for
african-americans a raging economy no
wars and pretty much everything going
pretty well
what exactly what do you do with that if
you've just suffered the biggest
humiliation in political history well
you gotta come up with something it
looks like poor Joe Lockhart either
flipped out entirely and he's just lost
his mind or he's one of the worst people
in the whole world and I'm not even sure
that's an exaggeration I mean normally I
don't you know go after a person I'd
rather go after ideas but if that person
is a serial killer well then you go
after the person that's okay if someone
says something so destructive to the
society that you live in and the people
you love
so destructive that half of us should be
treating the other half as raging
racists I don't know if that person is a
good person I think that crosses the
line from politics to just flat-out
being a horrible human being whose value
in this society is deeply in question I
would say so one has to question that so
of course the big conversation today is
baltimore baltimore baltimore here's
what I saw so the president of course is
responding to the fact that he said
Baltimore was a a struggling place I
won't use his language yet we'll talk
about that in the moment and he went
after Elijah Cummings who of course is a
superstar of what would he call it civil
rights so yes he's a superstar of civil
rights and so when Trump went after
Baltimore saying it was I guess who
wrote didn't infested and that was
interpreted how do you think how do you
thinks he then interprets that when you
say hey this city is rodent infested
well see that does what it always does
it says why are you calling the people
an infestation what that's the opposite
if you're the President of the United
States and you're complaining loudly
about the living conditions of a certain
city you are supporting the people who
live there that's what that means if
you're anti rat about a city that has
both rats over unfortunately too many of
them apparently and humans trying to you
know make their best in in a world which
has not been kind to them you're not
anti people you're anti rat the rats
the rats should be on the other side
from all of us we should be unified
against rats President Trump
somehow and I wish I were making this up
it's the craziest thing somehow Trump
got the Democrats to side with the rats
I think because his quote his tweet was
anti rat I don't know how much more
clearly anti-rattle be anti rat is pro
people because you'd like the people to
not experience all the rats that was
very clearly the point the President of
the United States doesn't complain about
a city and its rats because he's in
favor of the rats what the hell is wrong
with you if you think he was Pro rat no
anti rap
very clearly doesn't like the rats rats
are here here's President trouble not
liking them not liking the rats anti rat
could I be any more clear about that
it's rats versus people in Baltimore the
president is rooting for the people okay
he's in favor of the people the
Democrats have actually taken sides with
the rats against the people I guess
because I don't know how else to
interpret this so Victor Blackwell
african-american which matters to the
story unfortunately but what a messed up
world what a messed up world that when I
want to talk about Victor Blackwell you
know a major major host on CNN how
messed up is it that in order to tell my
story I have to tell you he's African
American like the fact that I even have
to include that in my story is just
wrong on a thousand levels like it's the
thing we should be ignoring as hard as
we can to have the better country
and instead it's the thing we have to
talk about but let's talk about it so
Victor Blackwell african-american host
gave a I don't know if he actually cried
but he was emotional semi almost tearful
defense of his beloved Baltimore and I
you know I respect him for loving his
hometown that's all that's all great but
he presented it his argument that Trump
refers to black and brown people as
infestation that is exactly the opposite
of what happens both in this case and in
the other cases were the Trump Trump has
used the word infestation in public when
he uses it he's talking about the crime
and the disease because he's in favor of
the people he doesn't he doesn't talk
about the crime and the disease because
he's in favor of the crime and the
disease and the rats he's against those
things da can everybody give me a dog
we're gonna do a simultaneous duh this
calls for people all over the country
listening to this this periscope at the
count of three I want you to give give
your best duck so that you can express
your amazement that the Democrats are
taking sides with the rats let's let's
let them know that we understand that
when we talk about infestation of the
cities we're against the rats the rats
are the bad people in the story the
people are the good people in the story
wouldn't you love to help Baltimore yes
yes indeed no joke I have been in deep
conversations in the past two years
about how I personally and some other
people who lead a Republican can help
Baltimore I've actually been in those
conversations with people who were
talking about large amounts of money and
how it could be helpful to Baltimore
though no those conversations didn't go
when to where in part because we didn't
know if we could work with Baltimore
alright so I don't need to say more
about that but reality is quite
different quite different from whatever
they're doing alright get ready for your
best stuff at the count of three
one two three da da yes when the
president talks about infestation it's
an anti rat pro-people pro-people
how do we know this while the president
clarified and he said the facts speak
louder than words this is in his tweet
the Democrats always played the race
card yes they do da da when in fact they
have done so little for our nation's
great african-american people what's the
best compliment they're our nation's
great african-american people well you
probably say great because he's calling
them great people so that would be a
compliment by anybody any measure but
you know what's the bigger compliment
our nation's our nation's our nation's
great african-american people if you're
a nationalist what is your best
compliment to a person you're a part of
our nation it's the greatest endearment
in the political sense you know in the
political sense our nation's great
african-american people is probably the
ultimate sign of endearment our nation's
and he says now now lowest unemployment
in the US history you know only getting
better Elijah Cummings has failed badly
what is the best thing that president
Trump could do for Baltimore go after
his leaders you want to help the people
in Baltimore go after his leaders do you
think the people in Baltimore can help
themselves well some of them can
certainly
but they're in a deep deep hole and the
biggest lever the best way to help
Baltimore is to go after their leaders
with no mercy no mercy
president Trump is finally going after
their leaders with no mercy
finally who's trying to stop him from
doing this the Democrats Nancy Pelosi
well he's a racist Joe Lockhart oh he's
a lot he is a racist don't make him go
after the leaders who have just dug this
gigantic hole and through their
population into it don't go after them
huh
now anyway so CNN of course because they
only have one business model which is
hey have you ever seen the I wonder what
it's like at a you know an executive
producer level as CNN I'm a feeling it
goes like this okay
so what are we gonna do from story has
anybody got any ideas for how to turn
ordinary words into obvious signs of
racism how about we use the word
infestation perfect perfect we've
already used all the other words and
called them racist now make America
great is racist and if we're talking
about rodents infestation is racist now
okay let's just make all words racist
and see so CNN has become a ridiculous
joke of itself okay maybe that happened
earlier this Baltimore thing is why the
Democrats should not be allowed to have
power and I hate saying that because I'm
not really the team player guy I don't
really care if Republicans or Democrats
have power I really don't I'm not
registered to anything I've told you I'm
left to Bernie in terms of I would like
have you no health care and be able to
have a good life I don't know how to get
there
neither does Bernie but I certainly
don't have some natural automatic
preference for party if the Democrats
were killing it I'd say yay Democrats I
wouldn't care but oh my god the
Democrats have gone from ruining cities
to try to take their game to the
national level and try to ruin the whole
country and I've got a feeling that they
have lit the wrong match here because
what's going to have tell me what has
happened for the last two days so for
the last two days what have we talked
about Trump is a Trump is a racist and
everybody supports him as a racist
because we're opposed to rats that's the
story on CNN Republicans are anti rat
and Pro this nation's great
african-american people very clear
distinction one great the other rats
Republicans are very clear about what
team they're on Team America not team
rat Democrats I just realized that you
can't spell Democrat without rat in it
Democrat yeah if you combine democracy
with rats what do you get demo rats I
guess I'm not the first person to come
up with that too pun but I don't think
it's a coincidence but what has happened
is I'm seeing stories about Baltimore
and what a terrible place it is you're
seeing some really you're gonna see
stories about San Francisco streets and
about Baltimore streets and babies
Chicago streets and murder rates and
infestation I think you're gonna see
nothing but you're gonna see nothing but
that stuff
and I don't think this is good for
Democrats let me put it this way thanks
to them Nancy Pelosi in the Democrats
were in CNN what will most of the
conversation be for this week well there
will be two versions of it one version
will be look at that big ol racist
Donald Trump and that will give you more
evidence that makes you shake your head
and say I don't see that in other words
they'll say he's anti rat and therefore
he's a racist and people all over
America will say okay are other people
seeing this cuz I'm not sure I'm seeing
it and that conversation is going to
make you focus on the problems in the
cities just because that's where the
conversation went it's gonna make you
think about those rats and it's going to
remind you that every one of the cities
that we're talking about have Democrats
as leadership that is the matchup that
Trump wants talk about walking into a
trap
you know I've often said that one of
trumps of superpowers is that since he
can take the heat he can do what nobody
else can do he can say what people you
know other people just can't say he can
raise topics that other people would be
afraid of so just think about the fact
that he just went directly and hard and
Elijah Cummings one of the most famous
leaders of the African American
community a hero to civil rights but
that hero to civil lights or civil
rights was standing between progress and
doing something for Baltimore he's the
problem not him specifically but anybody
who's in charge of that area you know
the mayors and etc they've got some
explaining to do and instead of going
soft on
because he doesn't want to be called a
racist this president says no I'm gonna
go hard at it I'm gonna go as hard as
you can go at something and I'm gonna
put all the energy there now when it's
done they will not have called me a
racist more than they already were in
other words it won't make any difference
because they've already you know
exhausted that that play so badly that
there's just they're running on fumes
they're there's no you know Joe Lockhart
tried to figure out a way to make this a
bigger claim you know it was big enough
they said your president is racist and
now he said okay that didn't work what
if I say everyone who votes for them for
suppose for him is a racist let's try
that
now that we've exhausted the races claim
about the candidate let's see if we can
extend it to a third of the country Oh
Joe Lockhart no wonder you can't get a
job with politics anyway that's the
worst idea anybody ever had not only
will it not work but man that's gonna
get people out to the polls actually
that should turn out the vote for Trump
so so trouble goes of this situation
where things can't get any worse for him
meaning the heat can't go any hotter
he's already operating at maximum heat
there's nothing left they don't have
anything that's worse than racist and it
didn't work it's completely bankrupt and
it's just ridiculous he's jumped the
shark by so many jumps there's you can't
even see the shark anyone worst analogy
ever but he's putting super heat on
Baltimore he's putting the super heat on
their leaders and he's calling him out
for failing the quote nation's great
african-american people to quote the
president who else could have done that
think about it think about say you're a
citizen of Baltimore let's say you're an
African American citizen to Baltimore
you know that your mayor as
failed you you know that right because
you just look around and you know you
know that there's some leadership
failure during our president United
States on your behalf
just took them on directly at great risk
to himself it looks like a risk from the
outside obviously you can take the heat
so it doesn't feel like a risk
internally evidently and so somebody is
fighting for them against the wrath and
the ineffective leadership of their city
and he's taking incredible fire to do it
in order for the president to do that he
of course needs his supporters to take
the fire with it I am NOT a Republican
as you know I don't vote as most of you
now partly to keep myself independent in
thought and largely that's actually and
I would say at this point if I'm forced
to take sides I would take sides with
the productive side the productive side
is whoever is telling the black people
in Baltimore your leaders are failing
you that's productive because that seems
objectively true it seems productive to
take sides with the people and take
sides against the rats the actual rats
the president has done that he has
caused the Democrats to literally have
to defend the rats and to defend their
running of the situation if you don't
appreciate this I don't think you're
seeing it clearly you should really
appreciate this honestly this is the
reason that people voted for him I don't
think there's a better there's a better
example of why people voted for Trump
you know I don't think people were
thinking in terms of this issue people
were now thinking
if Trump is elected he'll go after
Baltimore's leadership they were
thinking that not specifically that but
here's what I thought he would bring to
the country
I thought Trump would approach problems
the way nobody else ever approached them
and that that alone would be healthy
because if he approaches the problem in
a different way and it's just not a way
that can work well you know the system
will adjust the system will correct
he'll try something else he does a lot
of a B testing right he tosses things
out to see what the reaction is before
he knows what the next step is which is
smart smartest thing you've ever seen
from any politician and and he's clearly
approaching this Baltimore thing
differently now I don't know if his
intention was to help Baltimore or he
was doing it as a political attack which
was expedient but here we are and I
think it probably if I had to guess
we'll probably bring the tension to
Baltimore and if it does bring attention
to Baltimore maybe some kind of relief
or help maybe it gets some better
leadership maybe it does something good
but it's certainly different and it's
something that only he could do because
who else would go after Elijah Cummings
who else would do it
Elijah Cummings for all of the good
which he has done and my understanding
is it's a great deal
so you know I have full respect full
respect for his you know his history of
accomplishment but at the moment there's
no question that Baltimore is a mess and
there's no question that he's a leader
in that area those are just facts does
Cummings get a pass because of his
admittedly gray work in the you know on
social rights well I think we can
respect that and still say this other
part is
I think we can be adults I think we can
be adults and say aye we can handle more
than one variable
why can't Elijah Cummings be a superstar
in one field civil rights why can't he
be a superstar at that but not so good
about helping the you know crime
situation or the employment situation in
Baltimore why can't that was both to be
true there's no conflict there so the
president does what nobody else would
have done goes after Elijah Cummings
that to me that's why you elected him
you those of you who voted for him
that's why you wanted you wanted the
person who would look at that situation
say huh it looks like if I enter this
situation maybe I can you know shake the
box get something going here but of
course you know I'll have a hundred
arrows in my back let's give it a try so
he walks in shakes the box all the
arrows hit him in the back that's the
sound of the arrows hitting him in the
back it's pretty good sound effects
don't you think and then he says huh
looks like I got a lot of arrows in my
back and they just pulls it now goes on
to the next topic tweets about something
else
hair sets on fire all right I don't
think anything else happened in the last
24 hours did it I don't think anything
else happened somebody says stick with
cartoons yeah my sound effects aren't
that good come on they're great
Baltimore's only number two on the
murder list you know I never talked more
about Baltimore than this week I was
suddenly saying that tulsi gabbard sued
Google yeah we don't know too much about
that or I don't know too much about it
I'm sure Tulsi knows all about that
here's what I'm gonna do I think I
mentioned this before I'm planning to do
an interview series that's on top of
these periscope so in other words in
addition to these parent scopes I would
do a slightly higher quality recorded
interviews with some special people and
I would love to do some presidential
candidates now here's my pitch roughly a
hundred thousand people will see any of
my periscopes or YouTube's and if I had
a you know big-name guests it would be
at least a hundred thousand if you can
get a hundred thousand Americans to look
at you talking in a forum that there
would be a friendly forum because I'm
not I'm not the one who's gonna try to
embarrass somebody on an interview but I
would ask interesting questions I
guarantee that you would see some
questions you hadn't seen before some
ways of thinking some some casualness to
it that was unusual and I think you'd
enjoy it give you a real sense of the
candidate but I'm looking for someone to
go first I did hear I had heard a
positive response from Andrew yang
but that communication sort of dropped
so I haven't heard from his team but if
there's anybody else whether it's Tulsi
Gabbard or anybody else you could just
contact me on Twitter or there's lots of
ways to contact me if you if you get on
LinkedIn and send me a message I read
all of those so you could guarantee that
I would see your message within a day if
you've got a LinkedIn I don't respond to
all the messages I get on all the
platforms but because here's a little
secret a little secret for you my
smallest social media platform is
LinkedIn like six thousand people or
something and I don't get that many
messages so if it's a business type of
thing like it's something who wants to
begin in an interview or something
that's the way to contact me I always
see those alright but I see most of
what's on
Twitter - I just can't guarantee I'll
see all of it because I've got over
300,000 followers here get more messages
or at least try for Donald Trump jr. I
don't know do you think I would be more
suited for talking to someone who's
closer to my philosophies or more
distant from them I think God I think it
could be more interesting talking to
somebody who's got some space and I
would love to talk to Don jr. but I
don't know that I don't know that we
could produce any news from that all
right Tim Poole Tim Poole would be great
but I'm thinking of some politicians I'd
love to see Tulsi or one of the one of
the people who is a little bit down in
the pack would be great least one of the
ones whose names you know once you get
past the bottom six or so of Democrats
you start getting into the names that
even I don't know you know they the one
who was the governor and the one who was
in Congress and I don't know he can loop
her and whatever I I don't think there'd
be too much interested in those guys but
the top six I'd love to talk to him all
right that's all I got I don't have
anything else there's just one story in
the world that's the Democrats have
sided with the rats and nothing else
talk about I will talk to you later