boom boom hey everybody yeah it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams luckily
that's me luckily that's you now you may
feel a little bit of happier today might
not kick in right away but I've decided
to tweak the simulation a little bit to
make you happier so you'll be noticing
approximately seven to eight percent
greater happiness throughout the day and
it'll probably be permanent but I just
thought I'm gonna give you a little
extra
I just just cranked it up a little bit
and all you need to enjoy this day to
its full extent well you don't need much
not really all you need is a cup or a
mug or a glass a tanker challenger stein
the canteen jug or flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like my coffee and join me now for the
unparallel bit bit unparalleled pleasure
sorry my robot lips got a little stuck
there but the unparalleled pleasure in
the dopamine here today the end of the
day the thing that makes everything
better
the simultaneous it go mm-hmm
simultaneity Wow some of you have been
watching me experimenting with a
different studio setup I've been
experimenting with different technology
for doing what we're doing now for now
three years approximately I've built I
built down four different Studios
meaning four different completely
different equipment setups to do this at
a higher quality so far 100% failure
every single thing I've done has been
worse than just putting it an iPad on my
desk and clipping this stupid thing to
my shirt nothing's even close
now in some ways I thought the sound was
maybe a little bit better or richer with
the other microphones but as other
people noted and I waited to see if
somebody else said the same thing and by
the way this is this is one of those
lessons about the power of one opinion
exactly one person put a note I think it
was on the YouTube comments
just one person said something that
happened to hit me just right and
changed my mind completely and that was
that this this microphone I had been
using it just has more character it has
there's something more alive about it or
more personal I don't know exactly what
it is but the professional microphones
seem to take some of the character away
I don't know exactly how to put that but
the better the quality was the worse the
worse it was I don't know I can't
explain it
let's talk about the news I'm running a
poll right now on Twitter to find out
what's the best nickname for Elizabeth
Warren given the latest dust-up with
Bernie Sanders and let me check the poll
because I want to see how we're doing
how we doing were doing why can't I find
my poll I'm shadow banned for myself
no yeah here we go so three choices I
gave we're polka artists of course the
president's favorite lion'll is a new
entry lion Liz with a with apostrophe
instead of a G on lion and then I added
a new entry Pinocchio Honda's just cuz
it makes you think about Pinocchio and
Pocahontas and it's a funny word and you
have to say it when I say
Pinocchio haunt us then you need to try
to repeat that at home
were you at home saying Pinocchio haunt
us
Pinocchio haunt us
it's hard to say it's fun to say that's
technique if you can make somebody
repeat your brand or your name your
nickname in their head just because it's
interesting to say I that's a winner it
looks like Pocahontas is gonna win I
doubt I can beat the president's naming
but it was fun because there's this
story in the news that Warren has
accused well I'm not I'm not sure if
she's done it or her campaign or
supporters have done it because I don't
believe she has made a public comment
confirming this but Warren's people
accused Bernie Sanders of telling Warren
during a private meeting in December a
year ago that he didn't think a woman
could win against Trump
now what was your first reaction when
you heard of course Sanders denied that
that happened so what was your first
response when you saw that Bernie
Sanders says here's one version of what
happened in the room and Elizabeth
Warren's people said here's the other
version of what happened in the room
what was your immediate reaction I'm
gonna give one of the biggest
compliments I've ever given to a
politician hey ready Bernie Sanders love
him or hate him for his policies has
enough of a credibility and a track
record that when it came to a decision
of which one of those two people was
just flat-out lying Bernie Sanders or
Elizabeth Warren it wasn't even close
was it didn't you have the same the same
reaction have you ever seen a situation
where there are two national figures
they've got a difference of agreement
about what is true wouldn't you normally
think that either one of them could be
lying isn't that isn't that it was
natural thing you think well they're
both national politicians they could
both be lying so you don't really know
but when you see Bernie Sanders
you know face to face with Warren one of
them is lying because they have opposite
stories you know which one it is it was
there any doubt in anybody's mind who
was lying about this now you could maybe
try to make you sound better by saying
well they thought they heard it this way
but there's no first of all without even
without even addressing the credibility
of Sanders which is high right love him
or hate him I don't think there's any
chance that he was lying to you I mean I
seriously don't think there's any chance
that birdie was telling a falsehood
about that meeting I just don't
zero possibility but you don't even need
to hear birdie side of the conversation
if somebody came up to you and said
Bernie Sanders allegedly told Elizabeth
Warren that a woman can't win the
presidency what a woman just kicked
Bernie's ass in the presidency Hillary
Clinton beat Bernie and then got more
votes than Trump do you think Bernie
didn't notice that he lost to Hillary
Clinton and that she got more votes no
because what he was asked about it's the
first thing he said the first thing he
said was it's ridiculous why would I say
that of course I think a woman can win
he already got more votes they just
happen to be you know slightly in the
wrong places
so if Elizabeth Warren tries to run
against Trump on character how is that
going to go because she just stabbed her
friend in the back she just she just
took out a big old knife and said hey
Bernie
hey Bernie good old friend come over
here for a second come over here okay
could you turn around don't ask why just
turn around for those of you listening
on podcast audio only that was my
impression of stabbing sounds like that
how can she run against Trump on
character with this in her portfolio and
of course it led to articles I just
tweeted one where they list them all the
times that she has lied why is the
garbage there's a garbage truck outside
this extra loud today for some reason so
this could be actually sort of a
defining moment in the campaign I feel
as though this should take Warren out
because it feels disqualifying to run
against this president who even his
critics would have to admit he's getting
a lot of stuff done right economy good
blah blah so if they're running against
Trump based on on his you know
personality you can't run Warren against
that she just took herself out of it
Bernie could Bernie Sanders could still
run on character now I mean he would
lose for other reasons but he could run
on character she can't that's that's
done now let's talk about something else
let's talk about imminent those of you
who have been watching my periscopes who
is the first person you heard say that
the president should stop saying
imminent because it doesn't matter it's
completely irrelevant how imminent it is
because if somebody has a track record
of doing something every day you don't
really have to ask if they're gonna do
it tomorrow in fact you don't even need
to know they're gonna do it tomorrow you
just had to know that they did it every
day until today and there's a good
chance they'll do it tomorrow that's it
that's so that's the whole thing so now
you've heard Bill Barr say that
explicitly he said literally that the
imminent part is just not important
doesn't matter because his past was
enough of a track record Anderson Cooper
and I think the president is now saying
the same thing that it doesn't matter
how imminent it was
because of his track record and resume
cooper pushed back on that with a little
monologue I just watched a clip of it
and he pushed back you said that bar and
Trump saying it doesn't matter how
imminent it was is wrong because it does
matter it does matter and then I was
listening for the reasons of why it
matters I don't think I saw any I don't
think I saw any reasons for why it
matters has anybody heard a reason of
why it matters that the president said
it was imminent but maybe it wasn't
doesn't matter to me all right
Trump of course loves to get people
talking I love how he can find the exact
edge of danger but it usually usually
doesn't take that extra step into now
you've gone too far he goes right to the
edge of what you think might be sort of
too far but you're not sure and he did
that again with retweeting a meme of
Pelosi and Schumer wearing it was a
doctorate image of them wearing Iranian
garb you know with the headgear and
everything and an Iranian flag behind
him you know indicating that they're
more with Iran than they are with the
United States and of course everybody
went nuts about that but it's just a
Photoshop to meme every time Trump uses
Twitter the way Twitter works best which
is this it's exactly the sort of thing
there's a there's a Twitter personality
and then there's a real person
personality and then there's a meeting
the meeting the heads of state
personality the Trump gets into when he
plays it seriously and there's this
rally personality which is more you know
it'll drop some s bombs and you know
some light cursing and you'll be more
provocative say beat up people and stuff
stuff that's not real but he plays it
for laughs when he's on Twitter he just
plays the best Twitter troll ever so he
gets into Twitter personality forward
you know retweets a meme which is the
most common thing you could ever do on
Twitter
and the world goes nuts and we all get a
laugh out of it so good time was had by
home let's talk about so I ran I can't
figure out how not to make things worse
lately so as you know the Iranians have
finally taken responsibility for
shooting down that Ukraine airline and
today they announced or maybe it was
yesterday that they would they would
take action then they would arrest let's
say the announced authorities have
arrested those responsible and and
anyone involved
ba-ba-ba-ba should be punished what
exactly does that mean in Iran when when
they say that the person responsible for
shooting down the plane has been
arrested and they'll be punished I'm a
little confused because wasn't it an
accident do you arrest and punish people
for an accident no matter who was guilty
was it the person who designed the
system the person in charge or was it
the person who was pushing the buttons
you know the the the worker if you will
do you kill people for making a mistake
at their job
correct me if I'm wrong but that's not
an improvement are the people in the
streets let me ask you this is there
anybody protesting in the street who's
saying let's kill let's punish or kill
the person who made the mistake I
believe that I believe there are zero
people asking from that so the Iranian
government has decided a harsh
punishment for some poor person who
probably was just trying to do with the
best they could at their job and maybe
it was just hard right I mean if you
were in that job do you think you could
have done it right I don't know I have a
feeling that there were some really
conflicting signals and that you could
have been you could have been punished
either way
let's say you the person who made the
choice to fire the rocket don't you
think that that person believed that not
firing the rocket was a big risk - there
was somebody in a position where they
couldn't win because they didn't know
the future they couldn't tell if this
plane was a risk or not a risk but if
they let it throw without addressing it
and they were wrong and it was a risk
well I think you get punished more for
not taking the shot than taking the shot
right because if you don't take the shot
what's that you're just not doing your
job if you do take the shot the worst
thing that can happen is you're wrong
and you blew up a friendly airplane but
in terms of how you would be treated in
your job you lose either way if you
guess wrong
so I ran looking to God knows wanted
hang some people who made a mistake
that's not better the the citizens of
Iran should be protesting that - I'm not
going to tell the citizens of Iran what
they should do let me retract that let
me just say if I were there if it's up
to me I'm not gonna be happy because my
my leadership that I wanted removed
decided to execute a citizen who was
just doing their job to stay out of
trouble does that make it better no way
no way if I see my leadership executing
citizens who are just doing their job
the best they could I don't think there
was anybody who who came in and said
well I'll just bang it out today I'm not
even gonna try
no whoever made that mistake was not
trying to make a mistake whoever fired
that that missile I you know I could be
wrong we could find out there's more to
this story but I doubt it I doubt it
at this point I would imagine that it
was just a mistake by somebody who was
in a very difficult situation and was
not trying to make a mistake all right
Cory Booker has dropped out which of
course creates an embarrassing situation
for the Democrats but maybe maybe an
even worse situation for Joe
Biden because you know if Elizabeth
Warren or a Klobuchar get the nomination
well then at least the Democrats have
stayed let's say compatible with their
brand because running a woman or a an
african-american or Hispanic candidate
those would all be pluses but running a
old white man against Trump I just don't
think that's gonna get people to the
polls so I feel as though
Booker dropping out changes the the bias
in the party toward finding somebody
who's not an old white guy so I think
Booker dropping out is actually
ironically wrong word but you don't talk
about I think that it works against
Biden and Sanders because it isolates
them and puts a spotlight on them as
being the wrong demographic group now
should Biden's lead be so much that he
still gets the nomination what does this
do to his decision about who to pick as
his vice president Cory Booker Cory
Booker might be a good vice presidential
choice don't see any reason why not he's
young enough that he could be a
presidential candidate if he sticks it
out and of course Harris don't forget
Harris is still out there she's got the
person of color thing going for her
she's a senator and she's a woman
that's good Stacey Abrams I would say no
chance I just don't think the public is
ready for Stacey Abrams mostly because
she hasn't been part of the process I
think there's gonna be a big bias toward
people who went through the war you know
went through the process of trying to
become president I would hope I mean I
would think that that that's where you'd
want to be picking your vice president
not necessary
all right so here's a good here's a good
example of how important it is to
understand
comics I talk about this and my
best-selling book loser think about how
a little bit of exposure to different
fields such as a little bit of
understanding of how economists think
about the world gives you a great
advantage and I say often you don't need
to be an economist you just have to you
know get that top 10 percent of of the
way they view the world the way they
compare things the way they consider the
time value of money probably you know
fewer than ten concepts would give you
enough to have a little bit of
attraction on what an economist is
thinking and I bring that up because New
York Times has an interesting article
about the economy of Iran and being me I
had to google the author to find out
what is the author's credentials because
if somebody is writing about economics
you really should check their
credentials so this is a Peter Goodman
in The New York Times and he's an
economics correspondent now I don't
believe that was his major but for years
he's been writing about economics and
he's a smart guy all right because he's
writing for the New York Times so you
don't have to wonder if he's smart you
don't get to write for the New York
Times unless you're smart so he's been
writing on the topic and I would guess
that he understands it and I would that
is confirmed by the way he writes about
it all right so here that here are some
of the facts he points out about the
Iranian economy because I was kind of
wondering how close are they to some
kind of a collapse because we tend to
think everything's close to a collapse
when it isn't so here are some facts
that he pulls out one of them is that
Iran is contracting their economy is
contracting at an alarming 9.5 percent
annually if you didn't know anything
else the only thing you knew is that a
country's economy was contracting by
close to 10% a year that's kind of all
you need to know
you say to yourself well that's only 10%
but in economic terms a the direction of
things means a lot if the if the
direction goes down 10% again let's say
another year of down 10% you're done
probably Iran cannot survive one more
year of being down 10% or at least the
regime can survive the people will
survive so kudos to Peter Goodman for
starting off his article with the most
important statistic now I don't know if
a if someone who did not live and work
in the field of economics would if so
succinctly picked out and focused on the
top
he had decimation and somebody is
correctly using the word decimation when
you say an economy what is decimated the
the Dec and decimated refers to 10 as in
10% so if you knock something down by 10
percent whereas let's say you defeat an
army by 10 percent they are decimated
people in common usage people use the
word to mean completely destroyed but
decimated means down 10% which is a big
big hit so what else do we know about
our end here's something else that Peter
Goodman points out that the oil exports
for the past year have been effectively
zero now I guess smugglers have been
doing some stuff and some oil is moving
around but it looks like maybe the oil
moves but it doesn't sell meaning that
your smuggler can take it somewhere but
you can't find somebody to buy it now I
don't know if we have a if we have good
visibility and the whole smuggling thing
because it's not smuggling unless I can
get away with it
it made me it's not good smuggling so
there's probably some oil experts good
exports going on
but if officially it looks like zero
zero you're kind of done if you're if
you're then all right here's some more
things that show more doom
[Music]
on Tuesday Britain France and Germany
told Iran that they're on notice for
violating the 2015 nuclear deal hey wait
a minute I'm confused Britain France and
Germany are pressuring Iran in exactly
the kind of way that the United States
would want them to well this can't be
right can it because I've been told our
good authority that they laugh at
president Trump behind his back and and
they don't respect us and we can't get
anything done in the international deals
and stuff because of the way they feel
about president Trump I'm so confused
why is it that our allies are doing
exactly what we want them to do and what
is good for them and good for us I I'm
all confused it's almost as if other
countries pursue their own national
interests and that it happens to be
aligned with ours
like every other time do you know what
else our allies pursue their own
national interests
every time every single time so the
whole conversation about whether we're
going to get things done because of how
they feel about President Trump has
always been the dumbest take I mean
really there's some smart takes there's
some dumb takes but the dumbest take is
that other countries will suddenly start
forgoing their own national interests
because they're mad at President Trump
that will never happen the reason that
our allies are our allies is because we
have common interests as long as we have
common interests we can kind of depend
on them doing the things that we expect
them to do because it's in their
interest
it'll stop doing what's in their
national interest because of mad at
orange man it just doesn't happen this
dumb so internationally everything's
going great all right so imagine if you
will that Britain France and Germany
force Iran into a situation where their
non-compliance
triggers you United Nations saying
I don't know how much you can sanction a
country I don't you run out of things to
sanction after a while so but apparently
there there's something else that gets
sanctioned whatever we see these stories
our sanctions I feel like we don't get
enough detail alright here's another one
another bit pointed out by Peter Peter
Goodman is that inflation in Iran is
running nearly forty percent forty
percent you know we're talking you know
Venezuela like numbers here and how is
Venezuela's economy doing so their basic
necessities are running out I saw
separately an article that said that the
average Iranian salary is just exactly
enough to live and that you know another
10% below that and people literally
won't be able to rent a place and live
and stuff so they're right on the edge
but there's more one in four young
Iranians is jobless with college
graduates especially short of work would
you want to live in a country that is
highly weighted toward the young so the
the demographic situation in Iran is
they're very young and among that huge
bubble of young people there are a lot
of college graduates who don't have work
and they've got a lot of time on their
hands that is your worst situation
because college graduates are smart and
they've got time on their hands and
they're not happy that's a bad situation
for social cohesion because it is one
thing to have dumb people mad at you
I shouldn't say dumb that's I don't mean
to be insulting it's one thing to have
people who don't have much let's say
resources don't have much ingenuity if
they're mad at you you can survive but
if you get the smartest people in your
country mad at you and they have time on
their hands that's a bad situation it's
a bad situation for the regime
I saw a journalist used the word
contempt to say that the reigning public
because of the Ukrainian airline denial
that they change the minds and said yes
we did it that the public feels contempt
contempt now that's that's a writers
word but I think it's a key word I think
I've told you before that one of the
most predictive words for a marriage is
contempt if you see a married couple
reacting to each other with contempt it
almost always signals the end of the
marriage two people could be really mad
at each other just mad and it doesn't
mean that the marriage is over it just
means two people get mad but when one of
them is showing contempt then the
experts say there it is one of the two
people has contempt that's it that's the
end because you don't you don't
uncontested web if it's true that the
Iranian public or some big part of it as
now feeling a and an emotion that could
be described accurately as contempt it's
all over now I don't know that this is
true I don't know if you if you talk to
the average Iranian would they use that
word or some word like it in Farsi don't
know but if you hear that word coming
from the people involved
not somebody labeling them on their
behalf but if they use that word or
anything like it it's game over contempt
is a one-way street because well let me
let me put it another way
I often talk about the difference
between wanting and deciding when you
want something you complain differently
when you've decided you call it contempt
contempt signals decision as opposed to
just wanting you could want your regime
to change and maybe you try a little bit
and you don't get what you want and you
say well I don't always get what I want
but I tried that's what wanting gets you
you try doesn't work out you quit
contempt sounds like a decision a
decision is not wanting a decision is
your gonna go get it and you don't care
what the cost is because the cost of a
revolution is extreme a lot of people
die so the Iranian public might be on
the cusp of wanting a different
government versus feeling contempt and
simply deciding the government's going
to go we're probably not there but I
think we're right on the edge of that
and probably the economy failing will
push them over the other problem that
Iran has is credit apparently 70% of the
banking industry is under direct control
of the government and that's sort of
good because they're I guess they're
honoring whatever they're doing they're
pumping money into the system or they're
they're allowing too much credit but
anyway they're they're violating the
basic the basic principles of banking in
order to keep things together
temporarily
so they've got too much of a credit
bubble I think something like half of
all loans are passed do half think about
that imagine the United States where
half of all of our loans are past due
half half of all your loans are past due
I don't know if you can come back from
that so it looks like the Iranian
banking system is on the edge of
collapse but here is probably the most
important thing you know how dictators
and really any country they can create
cohesion by demonstrating an external
threat sometimes it's a real external
threat and sometimes it's an imaginary
one but in both cases if you have this
external threat you could make a case
for your public coming together even if
they hate their own government it's like
well how we hate our government but
we're all Arabians you know we're gonna
be on the same side because we've got
this external threat that didn't happen
you would expect
that the external threat would look like
this whoever's putting on the sanctions
whoever's threatening the country
militarily and that's the United States
but when well there were two things that
happened in the last week that
completely changed the frame so the
frame changed when Trump took care of
Solomon a instead of taking out normal
you know anything else that would hurt
an Iranian citizen when Trump took out
Solomon II Saleh many he made it very
clear this is not a war against citizens
of Iran this is a war against the same
people you don't like citizens of Iran
we both don't like the same guy he is
our problem but he's also your problem
we're gonna kill him for you whose side
is the United States on right see where
I'm going honest the president picked
the only solution that allowed him to
attack Iran in a vital vital asset this
general who was so important without
changing the frame to the United States
against Iran he actually created he
found the only way to attack them in a
substantial way there would be on the
same side as the citizens that's pretty
pretty fine-tuning right there
talk about threading a needle but
there's more when the when the Iranian
government lied to its people about the
downing of the the aircraft and when it
became came clear that the Iranians had
killed not only thousands maybe hundreds
or thousands of protesters recently but
the Iranian government had also shot
down a plane one side is the public on
the Iranian public recent events have
made it crystal clear and and in fact
the president has said it explicitly in
his tweet he said now a tweet in Farsi
supporting the citizens of Iran but not
their government you just saw I'm not
seeing real I'm not seeing reporting on
this
but you're watching one of the greatest
persuasion games maybe you've ever seen
you know I hate to say if something's
the greatest ever because it usually
just means you can't think of the other
ones right away but this looks like one
of the most impressive persuasion
reframes I've ever seen if I had told
you a year ago that the president would
reframe events in Iran effectively like
actually getting it done where the
citizens of Iran feel more loyalty
loyalties are awkward but they feel like
they're more on the same side as
President Trump against a common enemy
which is their own government if I told
you a year ago that that could happen
would you have believed it that's
actually what's happening it's the most
ridiculously insane effective persuasion
I've ever seen what's the hardest
problem in the world peace in the Middle
East how close are we to peace in the
entire Middle East okay you never get
complete peace because there's always be
warlords and factions and proxies and
stuff but in terms of the big stuff you
know the big picture we are closer than
we've ever been
we're actually down to one guy the
Ayatollah there's just one person who
needs to make one decision that would be
in his own interest that's it there's
one person left the Ayatollah he just
has to say okay we're not gonna be
against you anymore we're just gonna try
to live in peace that's it
and what is in his best interest he has
two choices one the complete destruction
of his country and it will be his fault
and he is probably a few years away from
the end of his life does the Ayatollah
what the last few years of his life to
be the complete destruction of Iran
because that's his other choice or can
he go with the public of his own public
and say you know maybe we won't be so
adventurous let's just take care
things at home that's his other choice
and maybe we'll be productive in terms
of helping the rest of the Middle East
calm down maybe we'll turn off our
proxies maybe we'll spend our money at
home instead of with the proxies he
could do that one guy one guy who has a
terrible choice and one that's not so
bad Trump did that there's nobody
there's nobody else who would have
brought us to this situation I don't
think there's nobody who would have made
the same choices that Trump has made up
to this point they got us to the point
of one old man who's got a terrible
choice and one that's not so terrible
it's it that's it
now we might have he might need more
pressure but it looks like the people of
Iran are going to apply it and it looks
like the economy is going to apply it it
looks like it looks like we're gonna get
pressure from the Europeans and the only
thing that's going to stop it is all the
efforts from China and Russia to stop
the pressure on oh that's not happening
that's right
the dog that isn't barking Putin is not
telling us to back down on Iran
President Xi is not telling Trump to
back down on Iran they're sitting it out
they're sending it out what's that tell
you whose side they're on whose side are
President Xi and Putin on right they're
on Trump side because if they were not
on his side
they'd tell you their - I wouldn't China
say this is a terrible idea
president Trump you should back down
they'd say that of course they would
would Putin say that well maybe he's
being a little more political at the
moment but I think he'd say something
that would suggest he's thinking it you
know he might not be as direct because
he's got his own interests but I think
we'd know if they didn't think this was
a good idea we'd know about it so it
appears the president Trump just just
bear with me for a moment
seems to have on his side all
Republicans right pretty much all
Republicans think he did a good job you
know there are exceptions but not let's
say 95 percent it looks like he's got
Europe on his side it looks like he's
got Putin and President Xi on his side
it looks like he has the Iranian public
on his side the only people the only
people who are not on his side or maybe
Rand Paul and some Democrats this is the
most amazing thing you've ever seen
somebody says Trudeau isn't on his side
TAS Trudeau's on his side I believe
Trudeau is on the side there may be
things that Trudeau now well I'm
mind-reading now so let me let me pull
that back you might see Trudeau you know
saying negative things because countries
do that leaders do that well I can't
imagine that Canada isn't happy about
where things are at the moment I think
even Canada would say you know it looks
like we have an opportunity here this is
the best situation we've ever seen in
terms of getting to a better place all
right so I'm absolutely amazed you know
if if the only thing the president did
President Trump was solved the Middle
East and you'd have to say best
president ever but it's early we don't
know that anything's going in the right
direction we just know that we've never
been this close this might be a once
ever situation you know because the
Middle East has been bad forever in
terms of danger in war and and in
conflict we've never been this close to
solving at all you know the big stuff
anyway there's a story there's a six
trillion dollar ask that manager at
Blackrock
now if you don't know Blackrock I told
you everything you need to just know
there's one guy there who manages six
trillion dollars in assets
six trillion so it's a I don't know what
Blackrock would be called hedge fund or
some kind of investment hedge fund sort
of a I don't know their exact nature but
they're an enormous financial entity
enormous and he's worried about the
fundamental reshaping of finance that's
coming and specifically he's talking
about the danger of climate change risk
to credit so this six trillion dollar
asset manager is putting on a big letter
that all the finance people will be
reading today all the fortune 500
companies will be looking at it today
and one of the questions that many of
you one of you asked somebody says
project Veritas just dropped a birdie
video well that'll be interesting we'll
check that out later so anyway this
Black Rock manager guy is saying that
from now on we really need to consider
the effects of climate change loans
basically and credit and bonds and all
kinds of loan vehicles
you know lending vehicles and the idea
is that the entire cities might not be
credit worthy anymore because if you're
if you're city you might be underwater
or destroyed by hurricanes from climate
change or whatever that they might not
be able to get loans to rebuild anything
because who wants to rebuild where the
climates just going to destroy it again
so he's putting that out there now
what's important about this is where it
came from if you and I complain about
climate change and the risk of climate
change nobody cares but what's one of
the things that most of the climate
let's say deniers the people who believe
there's not a problem with climate
change in the future or now what have
most of them been saying as one of their
primary arguments well one of the
primary arguments is that all the people
who were smart with money are acting as
though climate change doesn't exist and
now a guy who made
six trillion dollars trillion he manages
that money says that he's going to
change his behavior because of climate
change risk now I'm not here to argue
climate change I'm just telling you what
the news is right the news is that your
argument about hey all the smart people
who do insurance and loans are acting
like climate change is not a risk that
just changed from today on you can't use
that argument anymore because a guy who
manages six trillion dollars just raised
the flag and just said those days are
over
from this day on we have to treat it
like it's a risk now it might not be
right that's a separate argument is it a
risk or is it not but you are old
argument that the money the money people
are treating it like it's not a risk
just went away from this day on you
can't use that argument anymore because
he's that big of a player that you have
to say yes some of the most important
money people in the world just decided
they're going to calculate that in their
risk management calculations it's a big
deal a big big deal all right which
again doesn't mean the climate change is
going one way or the other it just means
that the way we think about it has
changed today it probably won't go back
all right
see what else we got here well I think
I've touched on all of my major topics
maybe he's predicting human behavior you
say baby yeah there's lots of the story
but the whole point of it is two-thirds
of the US population lives within a
hundred miles of ocean here's a little
climate change factoid for you it's one
of those you should always keep in your
your quiver so if you get into a
conversation about climate change and
somebody says the sea level is going up
blah blah here's a factoid for you very
and this is very No
commonsensical meaning your common sense
would not tell you this to be true but
it is true which is the sea level will
not rise the same way all over the world
according to climate change the thing
that will make sea level rise as much as
the fact that there's maybe some melting
glaciers is the actual warming of the
ocean itself so as the water gets warmer
it expands which makes the sea level
rise but the warming will not be in
equal places around the world so you'll
actually see places but if if climate
change plays out the way the scientists
say you would see see light and sea
level rising maybe a lot in some places
and actually go down in other places and
the reason it could go down
hypothetically is that there are two
conditions one is that didn't get much
warmer so the warming didn't affect one
part of the country or one part of the
world but to the the the land and the
sea are continually moving so there are
places where the land is actually rising
so if you happen to be a place where the
land is coincidentally rising and you
didn't get that much hotter you can
actually have sea level dropping even
while it's rising to dangerous levels in
other part of the world so when somebody
said that some high percentage of our
population is near the sea that's true
but it does not automatically say that
the sea level will rise in those places
and I believe that we have not seen sea
level rise in any scary way on our
borders can somebody fact-checking on
that I believe that sea level has not
risen in the United States in a way that
would look scary yet which is not to say
it won't happened but I believe that yet
we don't really have a national problem
on our borders I think other places are
more at risk
fact check me on that
West Coast is rising East Coast is
sinking somebody says I don't know if
that's right but that but that's the
sort of thing you could expect now I've
been to the beach I live in California I
haven't noticed I've been to Hawaii a
number of times haven't noticed sea
level looks exactly the same in Hawaii
at least in Maui looks the same to me
I mean if it's up to inches I can't tell
all right can you see my progress on the
drums yes
not right away but I am working on I'm
working on something for that please do
the Veritas podcast oh there's a podcast
on that so let's see let's look up
project Veritas and see what he's got
going here project if you don't mind
stay with me for a moment
project Veritas I wonder if I wonder how
hard this will be to find the research
don't want to miss