[Music]
hello Andrew come on in where is
everybody are you in church are you
sleeping late come on oh there's Dan
there's Chris good to see you Nancy
Dale and uh nacho dollar ly Beth come on
in grab your Container full of liquid
it might be a cup or a glass or a mug it
might be a Stein or a flask it could be
a tankered or a chalice or a
thermos I like mine filled with coffee
but whatever you've got in yours it's
time to join me for the simultaneous sip
oh it's going to be good here it
comes good stuff
woo so the news continues to be
hilarious
unintentionally um and the hilarious
thing about it is that the reason that
there's so little actual news happening
right now have you you noticed that I've
talked about it for a few days that the
news just got kind of quiet and if you
think about it there's a perfectly good
reason because most of the press exists
to say bad things about the president
and that requires them to say bad things
about the world that he could have fixed
or he ruined or he
broke but pretty much everything's going
the right
direction if you were to look at the
number of bullets being fired by the
United States or at the United States is
it more or fewer than when Trump took
office probably far fewer bullets
and bombs so war is far less in the age
of trump far less probably I don't know
when was the last time in history the
United States was involved in less war
than it is right now you know we're
we're involved in a lot of countries but
the number of you know bombs and bullets
is probably pretty low historically
speaking for the United States then of
course the economy is zooming and
there's nothing to talk about except
things that are good for the president
pretty much right down the line it's all
good for the
president but it gets even funnier
because there are some sort of Evergreen
complaints to make about the president
that the news can always rely on the
most reliable thing that the news can
say about this President is that
everything the president does is
racist what did he do in the last 24
hours well he tweeted support of Tiger
Woods Tiger Woods being a person of
color that's right the president was was
tweeting what a great Champion he was
and rooting for the black
guy what can what can the Press say
about that well it doesn't really fit
with their whole he's a racist kind of
thing what else is in the news well
we've got Herman
Kain president Trump nominee to to be at
the
fed and Herman Kane is getting some push
back from
Democrats Herman Kane is black who is it
who opposes the nomination of this
qualified black man to a high office
Democrats who is who is promoting the
career and and uh and good work of this
black man president Trump
what the hell are they going to say they
got nothing to talk about there's just
nothing to talk
about um do you remember NFL
kneeling it's over right the NFL people
were kneeling and now they're not or at
least nobody's talking about it just
sort of went away what else we have
going on oh they it's awkward for the
press to talk about the Mueller report
because it didn't go their way worse yet
it's hard to talk about Bob bar because
Bob bar said there was spying and it's
time to investigate the investigators in
effect absolutely everything is going
the president's way so they can't really
talk about it the way they would like
to what about
uh what about Pelosi and the Democrats
well the only news about them is that
Pelosi is insulting other Democrats by
saying that there are only you know five
people in the AOC wing and she's
basically minimizing them that's not bad
for president Trump is it what about uh
climate
change have you noticed that things have
gotten a little quieter on climate
change do you know why things are
quieter on climate
change because Trump solved it
now I know very few people in the world
will uh agree with the fact that I just
said Trump solved climate
change but he
did yeah somebody says how um what many
people don't know because the Press is
completely not reporting it is that the
Trump Administration is based on their
actions pro- nuclear specifically not
the old kind of nuclear that was
dangerous and nobody wanted well some
people wanted it but it was it was more
risky but the new generation for nuclear
technology that is free from risk of
meltdown it's designed so that's not
even an option and it uses nuclear waste
from older sites as its
fuel it's everything good and apparently
um I think Canada's already put one in
operation other countries are building
them so Generation 4 is definitely uh
coming it's coming in other countries
it's coming here and it is
absolutely the right solution for
climate problems and it's probably right
in two different
ways and by the way I haven't heard
anybody talk about this so the two ways
that climate that um Generation 4
nuclear solves climate risk and by the
way it doesn't even matter if the
climate is a risk
because you would still do generation
for nuclear anyway but one way is that
it could replace carbon sources of
energy the that's the obvious benefit
but the other other benefit is that
there are Technologies in case we need
it you I know some of you say we don't
need it but in case we need it we would
we might need someday 10 years 20 years
to directly remove any extra CO2 from
the environment now you don't want to
take down so much that the plants die so
you got to be careful with it but we
would be
careful and the big the big
cost of removing
CO2 is
energy if you've got cheap energy
suddenly it becomes a lot more
economical and possible to start sucking
CO2 directly out of the air if you have
if you have nuclear
energy suddenly you can uh desalinate
oceans so if climate change was going to
cause some disruption because of water
being in the wrong place or not enough
of it well nuclear kind of solves that
too because you could just desalinate a
bunch of sea water so the Trump
Administration has some things going um
they've authorized some a test site for
nuclear fuel of this new kind Etc so it
seems that there is motion and
apparently it's bipartisan both the
Democrats and Republicans agree that
this is a way to go so climate change
has largely been solved in the in in the
sense that we have a practical way
forward that almost certainly will will
be the right
way and it was the Trump administration
because they were not caught up on the
the
psychological um fear of nuclear
apparently
all right so that's going well what else
is going well
so um I'm a big critic of the president
when it comes to health care I believe
that the president has not done enough
on health care I think the Republicans
have not done enough and I think the
Democrats have not done enough but
here's what's interesting have you
noticed that the Press who leans very
heavily to Democrats have you noticed
that the Press
does not
support as far as I can tell based on
the way they talk about it the way the
pundits talk about these things it
appears that the Press on the left does
not support the health care programs on
the left am I
wrong just watch how the Press covers
the health care topic they'll talk about
it and they'll say Bernie wants this and
you know maybe AOC wants this or
whatever they'll talk about it but the
Press is not on board with those plans
because they can't bring themselves to
tell a lie that big because we you know
in the sense that we don't know how to
pay for it and the Democrats are not
suggesting a way to pay for it that that
adds up so even health care which should
be the weakest point for the president
is not as weak as it should be because
even the Press can't take the other side
cuz nobody knows what the heck to do
meanwhile the administration is actually
doing a few good things in terms of
Market competition so they're they're
dropping some regulations that might
actually make a difference uh the
ability to pool um small businesses
together to buy healthc care that's new
that's something the administration
allowed uh the creating associations
across state lines that's new the the
Improvement in the rate of
uh of approvals for generic drug drugs
that's new that came from the
administration and it it directly has an
impact on lowering drug prices so even
even the very worst topic for this
President
Healthcare it doesn't look much better
for the Democrats it's just a bad topic
that nobody can
solve but the fact that this Pro
president has not solved it per se is
not looking that bad compared to no
other plan to do
anything and the fact that they are
doing things that kind of work then you
take the other biggest problem that this
president has had since day one his
other biggest problem was immigration
and what was his sort of meta theme the
big theme was that if you don't control
your border you lose your country and if
you if you don't make it a negative to
try to get in you'll get more people
trying to get in and it will just get
worse now I would say everything the
president has said could happen is
happening right in front of us the Press
can no longer say that border security
doesn't matter the way they used to say
it it's obvious it matters
now uh and then the president's clever
plan to uh to invite the S Sanctuary
cities to take all the immigrants
uh has had the desired effect I think of
making people think about the reality in
a way that they have had the luxury of
not having to think about it in real
terms you always have the luxury of just
talking in you know high level terms
about we should be nice we're a country
of immigrants blah blah blah but there's
no there's no meat on that you know it's
just a half pinion a half pinion is when
you just look at the benefits of
something and you ignore the costs or
vice versa
but the but Trump calling their their
bluff if you will to move everybody to a
sanctuary city does make them think
about the reality of it and take for
example the some of the most basic
things that people on the left want well
one of the things they want is to
preserve the character of their
neighborhoods that's sort of something
the people on the left want it's like
hey let's you know let's not change our
neighborhoods let keep the character of
the neighborhoods well all that's going
to change if you bring in any outside
population no matter how awesome those
people are just having more people who
have a different background is going to
change the nature of your place so I
think you're going to see people
starting to worry about traffic start
people starting to worry about you know
uh an assault on their systems
Etc so I think that the president's argu
M about immigration has now been
proven a lot closer to being the the
adult opinion than the other side um you
may have seen I've seen a number of you
trying to prompt me to talk about this
that even
Sher who is one of the more famous
critics of the president even Sher is
saying wait a minute wait a minute if
you turn all these immigrants loose into
Los Angeles what happens to the 50,000
people in Los Angeles who don't have
jobs by the way can you hear hear me or
are you hearing only background noise I
can't tell if if I'm being overwhelmed
by the background noise right now but
tell me if I am so even
share has basically
said hey maybe we should rethink this
and take care of the people we already
have as opposed to bringing in new
people and so I'm starting to
wonder I'm starting to wonder if uh the
president's clever persuasion move to
say hey we'll move them to the sanctuary
cities I wonder if that made a
difference I wonder if it moved the dial
it sort of feels like it did
anyway so
yesterday I made a special point to
listen to a speech by Pete Buddha Buddha
judge um I'd seen only clips of him
answering a question here or there I'd
seen photographs of him I'd seen written
I'd seen written words from him but I
had not I had not seen him
speak and so I was very curious because
he's getting all the attention he's
moved up to is he third in the poll or
fourth he's he's so he's now in the
leader
group and so I said well okay I'm going
to have to pay attention to him now
going to start listening to Mayor Pete
So I listened to his
speech and I got to tell
you um he definitely has some Charisma I
would say that mayor Pete has more
Charisma probably than anybody else he's
running
against I mean Bernie has his own thing
going but he's sort of not as
interesting and young and you know he's
a little less provocative than than and
Bernie is old and
white uh and straight so he's just not
as interesting so I'm going to say that
Pete Budaj here's my I'll give you my
review of him as a
candidate uh very very smart very
smart I love the fact that he's gay and
a
veteran that is such a powerful
combination because if you're if you're
conservative
veteran almost trumps everything else
right everything but crime you know if
you're on the right and somebody says
this person's a
veteran you pretty much have a good
impression of that person unless they've
committed a crime you know that's sort
of the the line people would draw so he
is fascinating as a checking off the box
he checks just the right boxes at just
the right time to be dangerous but
here's my overall
impression his speaking
style is mostly empty clever
phrases he has more empty clever phrases
than anybody you'll ever listen to now
because they're clever they're fun to
listen to and they're fun to repeat and
to you know they'll be very tweetable
very quotable but they're completely
empty and it's just sort of a here's a
clever concept you see what I did with
those words yeah you see that watch this
here's another one I'm taking this and
I'm transposing it next to that I'm
referring to this and I've made a pretty
intellectual connection between those
things how about that huh huh and the
people in the is like damn that's clever
that is clever I'm so glad we have
somebody who's smart and clever cares
about the
country I love this but here's the thing
it's just all
empty it's it's like background noise I
don't remember a single freaking thing
he said I have no memory of anything he
said I only have this general impression
I remember there were clever words in it
well that's it
I remember there were clever
words now
uh somebody says like Jordan Peterson
now completely different than Jordan
Peterson Jordan Peterson if you listen
to him he he will take the top of your
head clear
off uh I've never seen anybody speaking
of Jordan Peterson I've never seen
anybody who could so quickly um just
scramble your brain and real time I mean
he's a professional he he knows how to
do that
psychologist uh and an expert in
communication so that's a whole
different deal I would not compare in
any way Jordan
Peterson's intellectual conversations
which I would put at a 10 in terms of
being accessible right Jordan Peterson
is the most accessible to the Ordinary
People intellectual that's a very rare
place to be there are intellectuals who
are probably
smarter and no more but they can't
communicate the way he
does all right let's talk about Andrew
Yang so Andrew Yang has once again Gone
full
racist and it's sort of shocking because
he's getting away with it he he made a
uh a quip at a public event recently in
which he said he was the opposite of
President Trump and then he went on to
explain what that means he said the
opposite of trump
Trump is that he's an Asian who likes
math is that
okay is that okay because that sounds
pretty racist to me because you know the
the implication of course is that Asians
are better at math and Trump is a white
boy who's you know doesn't care about
math or isn't good at it now Yang didn't
say what I just said those are my words
not his but how does he not know that it
sounds like
that how how does Andrew Yang not know
that to my my brain it just sounded
racist against white men or white people
I guess
so I want to like him because he's got a
lot of good ideas smart guy got a lot of
good ideas I want to like him but it's
not going to get there that way all
right so let's talk
about
um so anyway the news is sort of quiet
because uh Trump is succeeding at a
level that we've never really seen
before correct me if I'm wrong have we
ever seen a president as successful as
president Trump already
is because
remember war is down economy is up
climate change we have a plan to solve
it I mean it's pretty good and even even
Health Care the people who need hospital
care get it they just don't have any
insurance to pay for it so even
Healthcare people are largely covered
they're just you know the economics of
it are not right anyway I want to talk
about two
studies that make me laugh whenever I
see them because people believe they're
true
the first one is well one only one of
them is a study but the first one is
that moderate drinking is good for you
because when they do a study of moderate
drinkers they find that they live longer
apparently now if you see a study that
says we we've divided the world into two
categories the moderate
Drinkers and then the the people who are
not moderate drinkers which one of those
would you expect to live
longer well the people who are not
moderate
drinkers include people who have
diabetes it also includes
alcoholics all right so if you were to
take any group let's say uh people who
play
Bingo people who have red hair if you
could take any group in the world and
compare them to the group that includes
all the alcoholics and all the people
with diabetes
wouldn't they have a a better life
expectancy you know just the redheads
all the left-handed people in the world
will live longer than whatever category
has all the alcoholics and all the
people with diabetes in it so what I see
that study it makes me laugh because to
me it's the most obvious fake study
studies I think it's been studied more
than once it's so obviously fake but
it's it's entered the the the world as
something that's been shown lots of
times to be
true all right um yes and people people
who have major health problems don't
drink moderately so the entire category
of people who are already unhealthy
happens to be in the other group so of
course the moderate drinkers are going
to are going to look like they're
healthier because they didn't have any
problems to start
with
um now the other one that that makes me
laugh uh somebody says you appear to
have confirmation bias against
[Laughter]
alcoholism I I do uh the other the other
one is not a study but more maybe
there's some study I don't know about
more of a common
belief so how many of you have this
common
belief that uh women prefer men who are
jerks and Men often prefer women who are
uh the b word how many of you believe
that's true that men are attracted to
women who are kind of you know the b
word as in b
TCH and that women are attracted to men
who are jerks I'm seeing I'm looking at
your answers so I'm seeing some
knows yeah the bad boys so to
speak uh I'm seeing some yeses in some
NOS all right the ones who say no are by
far the more aware people here's what's
really going
on power
corrupts and the more power you have the
more corrupt you will
be and who has more power in the dating
world
the people who have the most power in
the dating world are the people who look
the best the people who are the most
attractive so if you're either an
attractive man or an attractive woman do
you need to try as hard you don't if
you're very attractive can you be a jerk
to other people and they'll still want
to be with you yes you can so I think
that when When You observe that it seems
that women like bad boys and it seems
that women yeah it seems that men like
women who are unkind to them it's just
an illusion because the only people who
can be unkind and still have somebody
with them are very attractive people if
you are unattractive and also unkind
you're probably not in a
relationship anyway those two studies
about the alcohol being good for you in
moderation and people liking people who
are bad for them are just
completely you know Illusions as far as
as I can tell
uh somebody says wrong it's called game
well that's part of it but the the total
number of men who actually play that
game is pretty pretty small if you're
talking about
nagging all right so uh I believe that
that is all the news that is fit to
print nothing much else is happening
and
so I will keep it short today and let us
let us enjoy the
fact except for Charlie's theen somebody
says uh let us enjoy the fact that
everything is working well you you let
let me revisit a few things I
said um the worst prediction I ever made
and one that people retweeted
with the phrase this did not age
well uh I think I predicted that by the
end of the first year of the Trump term
that it would become embarrassing to be
a Democrat and to be opposed
embarrassing to be opposed to the
president so I predicted that after the
first year things would go so well for
the president that everybody who' been
against him it would just be sort of
embarrassing well that first Fier year
came and went and people retweeted my
tweet and said well this didn't age well
you sure missed this one man you missed
it by a
mile turns out it took two years two and
a
half at this point in
time it's got to be a little
embarrassing to have opposed the
president because if you oppose the
president you thought the economy would
go bad you'd get us into a war you
thought that uh he was wrong on
immigration becoming a problem if we
don't deal with it and you thought that
he was a Russian
puppet basically if you had been against
this president for the last I know three
years or whatever you were wrong about
everything you were just wrong about
freaking
everything and and as you're watching
him uh you know be the the president who
made prison reform happen and he's
promoting Tiger Woods and he's trying to
get Herman Kane into a higher office and
you you're watching the
you have to be shaking your head and
saying what what what did I believe to
be true for the last three
years all the evidence all of the
evidence is against everything I believe
let's take any belief one of the beliefs
is that he was literally um mentally
unfit is there anybody who's looking at
what he's done over the last few years
in terms of accomplishing things who can
honestly say oh yeah the last three
years clearly show he's mentally
unfit I don't think anybody's holding
that in their head anymore except as you
know a cheap political
attack people thought he was literally
Hitler hasn't worked out that way so
there's almost nothing that I can think
of that people's original you know view
of the world that managed to survive two
and a half years so let me say it if
you're not
embarrassed at being anti-trump for 3
years if it doesn't embarrass you to
have been wrong about literally
everything from you you name it just
everything if that doesn't embarrass you
well congratulations you've learned how
not to be embarrassed at things that
should embarrass you anyway I'm can to
leave it at that uh have a great day