hey everybody oh you thought you could
get rid of me no no it turns out there's
a new crisis new crisis new periscope
and I have to admit though that wasn't
going to go live tonight I told you I
was gonna phase out after June 1st I
wasn't gonna go live tonight but I saw
on Twitter that somebody was looking
forward to it tonight and I thought Oh
somebody's actually looking forward to
it I thought well I can't really not do
it now so here I am so let's talk about
some of the things I saw but first of
all the clips we're seeing on the news
I've got all the news nailed up so I've
got CNN I'm watching and Fox News over
there so I can sort of keep keep an eye
on but they don't seem to show any of
the good stuff let me notice that the
good stuff meaning anything that's
actually in the action there they're all
standing behind police lines so I
thought I saw on Twitter that the crowd
was marching toward Bill de Blasio's
residence is that true and it's a
peaceful crowd right why would a
peaceful crowd need to go to Bill de
Blasio's residence right doesn't Bill de
Blasio support them even more even more
than they support themselves why would
they be going to his place just because
he's the only the only thing in town I
don't know speaking of town I just did a
little tour of my town just drove
through to see if there's any damage yet
and some of the local shop owners
apparently you don't watch the news that
much because they put up the the big
wood plywood over the windows so that
part's good
so they've watched the news enough to
know that their storefronts are at risk
and so some of them have boarded up well
here's the funny part which tells me
they don't watch the news they decided
to be extra safe so they spray-painted
on their own plywood that they support
black lives matter and just very pro
black lives matter so the whole
storefront is like Pro black lives
matter to which I say I don't think
they've been watching the news
that's what happens when you only watch
a little bit of news if you watch a
little bit of news you think I got it
I'll just say I'm on their side
that should work now I happen to see
this immediately after watching a little
viral video you can see it in my Twitter
feed from tonight of there was this
young white kid he looked like maybe a
college student you know roughly that
age xx 20 ish maybe and he's looking at
a window of what looks to be his
apartment I think it's in New York City
but I'm not sure an urban area and he's
watching the protesters go by and he
might be I know 2nd or 3rd floor or
something and he's looking out the
window with his phone and everything and
he's he's thumbs up because he's very
pro protesters he believes in their
cause he's like thumbs up guys thumbs up
but he's he's filming with his camera as
he's filming one of the protesters turns
and hurls a brick through the window
right next to him
Shh it just breaks the whole window and
he's like what the what the hell and he
runs back to the window that's not yet
broken and he's trying to plead with the
protesters of course can't hearing him
he's just a white guy in the window and
he's like I'm on your side I'm on your
supp and about the second time you said
I'm on your side you see what are the
other protesters reached back and you
think to yourself no this isn't gonna be
as good as I hope it is
visit because that first protester had a
really good arm I mean it couldn't have
been that easy to hit the exact window
he was he was aiming for from from the
street it wasn't an easy shot there was
though some distance involved and I see
this other process to reach back and I'm
thinking no probably not
it goes right through the window that
the guy with the that the guy with the
thumbs up now it looked like it didn't
hurt him you know I wouldn't be laughing
if he got hurt but watching watching the
protesters or whoever the looters I
don't know whoever but they were in that
they were in the line of the protesters
but but watching them take out one of
their own was the funniest thing you'll
ever see in your life because and this
is the point the guy the guy in the
window who was doing a thumbs-up
he thought that siding with them
wouldn't matter he thought that would
matter the people in my town they also
think that it matters whose side they're
on
mmm no it matters if you have a big
window if you don't have a big window
you might be okay if you have a big
window and they happen to be nearby it
doesn't really matter what side you're
on and if you've missed that you've
missed the show so I was trying to think
of all the things that could solve this
problem now the the conventional wisdom
is that the only way to solve it is with
massive but nonviolent means meaning
lots of arrests and presence and maybe
some tear gas maybe some water I don't
know whatever they use these days but
not not deadly force but I don't know I
see something else is on fire in New
York City
but I don't know exactly if that's going
to work
thanks la gen I only came out here
because I saw your tweet and so what
could possibly stop it
well maybe it could be this massive
application of force but it seems to me
that the anti-fog can simply
reconstitute as often as it wants so
there's kind of like a terrorist group
it wouldn't matter if you caught one of
the cells there would just be another
cell tomorrow so I don't know that you
could ever use nonviolent means to stop
it because they don't care about any of
that none of that seems to be even even
slightly you know influenced them so
what else can you do you can wait it out
if you wait it out though I would
imagine they would just pick town after
town after town and get rid of them but
you know I always say that life is not a
slippery slope the things only slip
until there's a counter force and
there's always a counter force it's what
we're waiting for is a counter force now
it could be that the counter force is
the US military it could be but of
course I you know that there needs to be
some coordination with the locals but it
could be that we just send in lots of
scary-looking soldiers again
non-violently and the show of force is
enough but I don't think it would be
because wouldn't they just plan another
another one later in a different place
so I don't see that working either so
what would work you can imagine some
charismatic leader on the left talking
people down can't you know you can't you
can't think of that at all there's
nobody on the left who would have the
ability and the willingness to talk them
out of it you know and just say hey you
know so even Oprah I don't think Oprah
can do it at this point it's beyond all
of that so they can't be talked out of
it and they and they can't be convinced
with non-lethal force and because I'm on
a public social network
certainly not going to advocate violence
so let me say that as clearly as
possible I don't advocate violence but
predicting violence is different and I
believe that all problems go until
people decide to take whatever steps are
necessary to solve it and that's
probably going to be violent I can't see
another option so again I'm not
promoting violence I'm predicting now
there are a few ways that this can go
the the lowest loss of life would be to
kill one person in spectacular fashion
I don't think that's going to happen
right and I don't promote it I'm just
saying that that could work you could
imagine for example a vigilante sniper
imagine a vigilante sniper who just
takes out looters but nobody else if a
vigilante sniper and again I hope this
doesn't happen but you have to assume
that violence is down the road there's
going to be a violent response we don't
know what nature it would take but we
hope it takes the nature if it takes any
at all you'd rather it didn't take any
violent nature at all but if that has to
happen because of the other ways just
can't work there just systemically
they're impossible to work because the
other side has a response to everything
so if violence is the only solution in
the end you want it to be the smallest
amount what would be the smallest amount
probably a sniper ideally a sniper who
has never caught now here's the weird
part about this if you remember there
was once a you know some citizen sniper
who is just killing people randomly
years ago and it was like the biggest
problem in the country like it
practically shut down the country
because people didn't want to go
anywhere because it was actually some
crazy sniper on the loose
but so it's you know it's a big problem
you don't want a crazy sniper and lose
but here's the weird thing as Michael
Knowles said on his video I think it was
this morning he said who knew that
protests would cure coronavirus way who
knew that and the weird thing is that it
really did take one disaster it didn't
really cure it but you know what I mean
in the jokes and secured it and I saw a
report I don't know if it's verified yet
that there were some pipe bombs hidden
for for use later tonight at one of the
locations now what if that's true there
were pipe bombs do you think those pipe
bombs were only meant to kill whoever
they wanted to kill or only meant to
blow up a building if there are multiple
pipe bombs a bunch of innocent
protesters are going to get killed just
by being in the wrong place at the wrong
time it kind of stands to reason if you
have enough people and enough pipe bombs
innocent people get killed now that
could be the wake-up call it could be
that there's an accident by some of the
bad actors that kill too many of the
people who were marching with them and
then it just changes the narrative
instantly so that would be a much larger
loss of life so you hope that one
doesn't happen of course or any of the
ones they have loss of life what else
could do it in Islamic terror attack
could get it done again I'm not
promoting an Islamic terror attack
obviously but if Islamic terrorists said
oh this is the perfect time to attack
because there's so many people in one
place and you know there's police there
it's just sort of the perfect place if
it happened you hope it doesn't it would
solve the protests so it would be this
weird situation of of like one you know
one horrible thing could solve the other
horrible
but then you gotta solve the next
horrible thing and he can only solve
that with another horrible thing so it's
a weird dimension we're in we're only
horrible things are solutions but they
create their own problems I don't know
does anybody know what the death count
is so far from the protests do you know
the death count the death count
I only know I know of two
african-american men who were killed one
in Omaha and a security guard somewhere
else so we know that at least two black
men in America died while protesters
were protesting what because we all
agree now let me ask you this are the
protesters protesting for justice I
haven't heard that I don't think the
protesters are protesting for justice
they're gonna say that of course but
when you're talking about the other
three cops and they need them to be
arrested and tried or there will be no
peace I don't think they're asking for
justice because if they were asking for
justice it would look more like this all
right if you're not going to charge
these guys you need to explain why I
mean it really needs to be good but if
it's explained and the evidence is
available to the public and the public
sees it and they say to themselves oh I
really want those other three cops to be
charged but I also wouldn't want to be
charged with evidence this week if it
were me so it looks like there's a setup
here where the only thing that can fix
and unfair let's say justice slash
police system is another unfair justice
slash police system in which people in
this case the three cops who are not
charged and again this is speculative
because we don't know all the evidence
but just work with me through the
thinking of this
it looks like the only thing that would
stop the protesters is to arrest people
who you would not arrest if not for the
protests meaning people for whom the
evidence is too weak to bring a
successful case even if you think
they're they're up to no good or they
did something bad if you wouldn't charge
regular people under regular
circumstances with evidence this week if
we do go ahead and charge these three
cops for the purpose of social social
cohesion
we will fused really a gigantic
injustice again justice meaning using
our legal system in a consistent way
it's not the kind of justice that people
are thinking of this more revenge II
that's that's the justice they're
thinking of but if you're being
consistent treating everybody the same
under the law those three people
probably would not be charged if not for
this situation so if they do get charged
and that's the only way to defuse this
thing it will be one of the greatest
tragedies in American justice under the
assumption that there's a reason they
weren't charged in the first place we
haven't heard the argument so I'm
getting ahead of myself a little bit
they might get charged and it might come
out later that there was such a good
reason that we haven't heard in other
words evidence we haven't heard not
reason we haven't heard but evidence
we'll see but so far the the peaceful
protesters have killed several people
and injured fifty people at the White
House so you would have to say that
their credibility is sort of a zero wish
at this point would you murder Hornets
somebody suggesting the murder the
murder ordinance our only solution it's
not a bad idea there's a theater article
a number of murder Horne
that would clear any city street and
then maybe the Hornets die anyway
because they don't have much to eat in
the city huh you know the fun not the
funny thing but the the frustrating
thing about this is the the reason it's
not already solved obviously the reason
it's not already solved is that nobody
knows the solution nobody knows what if
we new ones I don't even do it
so whatever the solution is probably
gonna be ugly and I'd be really amazed
if there's not a lot of deaths tonight
speaking of deaths again we're not
hoping that happens just in case
anybody's wondering about that so it
looks like the protesters are going to
willing willfully ignore the curfew
which guarantees that the looters come
in behind them does that be lots of
cover and they'll outnumber the police
so CNN is reporting that there are fine
people marching with the looters and the
domestic terrorists do you think that
fine people could ever be marching with
looters and domestic terrorists because
in this case they're actually marching
with them in the case of the
Charlottesville find people hoax the
fighting people weren't actually
marching they were just showed up as
soon as they showed up the cop said you
can't be here
and they he heard it away so that so the
president didn't know but they didn't
get to do much protesting all right so
and I I swear I thought I imagined it
but I turned on CNN and I think they
were trying to blame it on right-wing
white supremacists
that's really happening right am i
imagining the CNN is trying to put this
on right-wing operatives that is just
the craziest like ever now it could be
that there are a number of outside
people but if there were many far-right
agitators there I'd be certainly
surprised very surprised
apparently Trump's disapproval level hit
an all-time high for any
than ever so he's got that record the
most disapproval of any president ever
now I think you've heard a number of
people say this that this situation has
lost a lot of support and I've been very
critical of it as well but it's not over
this will be judged by things that
haven't happened yet
so let me say that again how history and
voters judge what's going on with the
protest will be entirely based on things
I haven't happened yet
David Doran is the African American
gentleman who got murdered is that is
that correct
David Doran there's there's some social
media action around the fact that CNN
won't report it at all how would you
like to be work at CNN and know that
it's widely reported that a
african-american man was killed during
looting that came with these protests
and they're not reporting it how would
you like to work for that Network and
know that a black may have gotten
murdered but because he was a policeman
it didn't get reported or he was a
security guard I think how could you
work for that network I mean wouldn't
you be like updating your page every
minute and say okay I know I'm working
for a network that tells real news
because people work there probably
believe that and they're like I know
they're gonna report this and then you
refresh your screen and nope nope what
do you do how do you how do you explain
that away do you just say oh I guess
that's not the news no I don't know how
you rationalize that Joe Biden had a
good solution for training the police to
have less violent or less fatal
interactions his idea that the pleas
should be trained to wing a suspect in
the leg if the suspect is coming at them
with a knife so so that's Joe Biden's a
very constructive suggestion
we'll retrain the police to be leg
shooters and I'm thinking they would
have to they might have to change out
some of the targets at the target range
because the legs a little smaller than a
torso so you're gonna wanna you're gonna
want to put like just a leg up there so
it should be maybe just a leg and a foot
and that would be your target and of
course when you shoe you don't want to
 somebody for life duh so you're
gonna have to go to the target range and
practice shooting around the perimeter
of the leg just see a Wingham now Joe
Biden thinks that that's a perfectly
practical plan and I think it could be
no I I think that you're mocking him too
quickly because you're probably thinking
to yourself Scott it's kind of hard to
hear the leg of somebody who's running
at you with a knife and wing them maybe
I'd go for the torso it's a bigger
target but I don't think you're thinking
in terms of actual tactics if you're
trying to hit the edge of somebody's leg
who is running at you with a knife you
don't want to aim at the edge because I
wouldn't give you enough margin for
error just a little bit off to the left
you miss entirely so if you're trying to
shoot somebody in the legs and they're
coming at you you want to aim for their
balls because if you aim for the balls
and you're a little bit off left or
right you're still gonna get a little
leg if you have to be a really good shot
well you get the balls and that will
that will certainly slow them down and
my understanding of medical literature
is that that will make them less
aggressive in the future so the Joe
Biden plan for shooting protesters in
the leg which really game for the balls
because you don't want that you don't
want to miss on the left of the right is
a pretty good suggestion I think that
could work all right I can't remember if
I talked about this this morning but
it's just blowing my mind so I'm going
to say it again so Jeff Bezos as you
know owns not only Amazon but the
Washington Post
The Washington Post if I assume like
most left-leaning anti-trump
publications might be a little bit
forgiving to the violence that we're
seeing just assuming is a coincidence
that Jeff Bezos Amazon just is watching
on television and his news Oregon news
reporting the complete destruction of
Amazon's competitors Amazon just watched
and reported on all of its competition
being destroyed so I don't give you
investment advice and you really really
should not take investment advice from
me I'm just gonna tell you this because
it's part of the story not investment
advice when the riot started and I and I
saw that anti-fog was targeting
storefronts I took every dollar of cash
I had and bought Amazon stock which I
also bought at the bottom of the of the
crisis the coronaviruses
now I'm not saying I'm proud of it
I'm and again I'm not recommending it
because tomorrow you know but buying one
stock is never a good idea just in
general but I only put in an amount
amount of money that I can afford to
lose and I thought I think Amazon's
gonna pull this off
I think Amazon is actually going to
destroy all retail business on earth and
it's just going to look like they were
reporting on it I think he's going to
pull this off it will be the greatest
move of any entrepreneur ever pure evil
of course but now one is who I'm only
being a little bit hyper hyperbolic here
in the sense that he is actually making
money by watching all of his competitors
being destroyed because he's got that
he's got the Washington Post
you know I don't think it was a plan I
think that would be going too far it's
going too far to say was a plan but one
wonders how hard the washington post is
going to try to stop it given that if
they stop it their parent company makes
a lot less money now of course you
assume they're all good people so
they're they're conscious intentions
would all be right I believe that's true
I don't think there's anybody working
for The Washington Post maybe a few few
of the opinion peace people but
generally speaking there's nobody there
as bad intentions so I don't think they
you know plan to be part of an evil plot
to destroy retail businesses and enrich
Amazon but it's happening I mean they
didn't ask to be there I'm sure but
that's happening and could this conflict
of interest which is the most extreme
conflict I've ever seen let me ask you
this
have you ever seen more conflict of
interest than that that's about the most
conflict of interest you'll ever see are
you puzzled that the stock market is
reaching new highs
even as America is burning are you
puzzled by why the complete decimation
of retail stores in urban areas is not
even bothering the the stock market a
little bit does that make sense to you
do you have a little theory in your head
why we're watching on the news the
complete destruction of the retail and
restaurants and basically everything in
urban areas that that's on the ground
floor and the stock market is up how do
you explain that have you thought about
that I mean that's really sort of a
puzzle so I've been thinking about that
today and I have some speculation I mean
I don't think I know what's going on but
let me toss out a few ideas
one idea is that the stock market is now
a safe place to put money in other words
if you were to look at all the places
that you could park your money to be
safe you could put it in the bank I
don't know our banks the safest place
for money not over a certain amount how
about buying gold it's worked out a
number of times but with digital
currency in Bitcoin and China's got
their own digital currency is gold
always gonna be the place you want to go
to for safety maybe maybe not but what
about the stock market of the United
States I think that investors are using
the strategy that that I took on back in
2008 and nine when the economy went in
the toilet and it looked like everything
was just going to be over that's my door
- so we get that a little bit so anyway
the point is let me just make sure
there's not somebody standing out there
waiting for me all right no good oh yeah
stocks so the point is that it could be
that investors are thinking the
following if if the if the US stock
market goes down in other words the
economy in general it doesn't matter
where your money is you're just you're
just in trouble so it could be that the
US stock market has been so resilient
for so long that it just looks like the
safest place to put money so used to be
a dangerous place but now interest rates
are basically zero what probably makes a
big difference the interest rates are
zero so there's no place else to put
money that's both safe and could make a
little interest and stuff so that's
weird
the other the other possibility is even
more shocking and let me just I'll just
run it by you
retail stores are now
Cerie could be take for example you know
a an ordinary brand store can't they
sell as much as they want online I'm not
sure the stores even make money because
eventually the you know eventually the
the landlord eats all of the profits of
the retail any kind of a retail
storefront is going to be marginally
profitable at best so one of the things
that might have happened is that smart
investors the people who drive the
markets the most they may have said to
themselves we didn't lose anything
because that's what the markets kind of
saying the market is kind of saying that
every one of those storefronts didn't
have economic value they might not be
wrong so they had lots of economic value
in terms of giving people jobs but I
don't know that they were profitable and
the the stock market doesn't care so
much if the retail worker lost a job but
they would certainly care if profits go
up or down for the for the parent
company so that's just speculating but
it's kind of a puzzle of why the stock
market is so resilient I'm glad it is
apparently Cuomo is smack-talking de
Blasio for being weak weakness
apparently is not working and we will
find out tonight how far this goes so my
prediction is that ultimately violence
is going to happen you don't want it to
happen but it's probably the only way we
get to the other side you hope that the
violence does not come from the police
if the violence came from our military
it would go down a lot better wouldn't
it if any of the police kill a looter it
just worse doesn't matter what the
situation is it's just worse if a US
military person takes out a looter what
are you gonna do what are you gonna do
if the US military takes out a looter
because let's say let's say they
brandish
but none came at him or something what
are you gonna do I feel like the US
military has so much credibility that
people would just people just live with
it I think I think they just live with
it so it could be that the military
would need to show some tragic tragic
toughness let's say something that you
wouldn't want anybody to do but it might
happen anyway all right that's all I got
for now if that's all I got for now and
we'll talk to you in the morning