bump bump bump bump bump um hello Joanne
and Laurie and we're all the guys Jaypee
about time get in here all right Erica
Jerry and your names are going by very
quickly
I'm so tired this morning sorry I'm a
little bit late but it's never too late
for the simultaneous simultaneous sip
that's how tired I am
join me all right now normally when I do
these periscopes I've been up for an
hour or so sometimes two hours I've
collected my thoughts this isn't one of
those days this is one of those days
where I looked at the clock and I said
hey I'd better do a periscope does your
coffee is getting cold yeah somebody
said their coffee is getting old I got
to do this so many of you remember back
in the wayback machine back to 2015 when
I introduced the concept that we were
watching two movies on one screen think
how many times that way of looking at
the world has intruded on your thoughts
since then and have you ever seen a
better example than today so of course
we're all watching the the fallout from
the man of hurt and Cowen's situation
and correct me if I'm wrong but I
believe we've entered two distinct
Schrodinger's cat worlds in one world
the president is surely going to get
impeached if not in legal trouble after
he's out of office and that world
he's obviously created he's obviously
committed a crime the evidence is
crystal clear and there's no doubt about
it there's just no way this guy can stay
in office
that's one movie in the other movie
nothing happened that's the whole movie
nothing happened and that movie no
crimes were committed think about it
both of those movies are running in full
you know Technicolor just as clear as
possible a huge part of the country
believes that the president has been
implicated in a crime that's easy to
prosecute they've got a witness his name
is Cohen he believes he's part of the
you know part of the evidence against
the president and the president will
certainly be impeached if not in legal
trouble and I'm sitting in a movie in
which I don't see any of that now I'm
not saying there might not be some
secret thing we don't know anything
about that somebody's talking about in
some closed room somewhere I mean I
wouldn't know about that but if you're
just talking about what we're seeing the
the evidence that's presented to us I
don't see any legal risk at all now do
you remember what I came on here
yesterday I was one of them I was
probably one of the first pundits to
weigh in and if you remember what I said
I said I'm not sure I understand why
this could be illegal so I I was talking
not as a lawyer because I'm not one but
I said just common sensical II how could
it ever be illegal for a candidate to
spend their own money making themselves
look more attractive as a candidate
whether they whether it was Hillary
Clinton spending a lot of money on her
wardrobe or somebody getting some
plastic surgery somebody painting their
house anything that's a personal expense
including paying off somebody not to
talk about you so I waited of course
until Alan Dershowitz weighed in and the
question Tim was has the president
committed any crime even if everything
that said about him is true in terms of
the Gowen store me Daniel stuff and what
did Dora would say no it wouldn't well
let me clarify I I don't want to put
words in alan dershowitz mouth that
would be the dumbest thing i could do
because he says smarter things and i
don't about the law but what he did say
was that if he just spent his own money
on stormy Daniels that would not be
against the law but that there might be
some complication because he gave us the
the idea was that Cohen spent the money
to pay off the stormy Daniels and then
Cohen would be reimbursed by the
president from his personal money and
there were something about that that
made it illegal but it seems to me
correct me if I'm wrong imagine you're
on a jury and the case they bring to you
is this and they say yes yes we agree
it's totally legal
if the president just wrote a check from
his personal account to stormy Daniels
or anybody else and let's say let's say
the the judge and everybody says yes
everybody agrees that's legal but it
became illegal somehow that I don't
understand because the idea was to
finance it essentially in a way that
made a hidden so that Cohen would pay at
- then Cohen would be reimbursed by the
president through legal fees and there's
some idea that that would make it
illegal now imagine if the president or
the let's say after he's president is on
trial and the defense gives you this
defense and they say the president knew
that it was totally legal - right
we'll check for personal stuff so that
would have been totally legal and then
wait for it
his lawyer recommended that the way he
pay for it personally is through this
mechanism that goes through the lawyer
how is the client supposed to know that
that termed a legal act into an illegal
act if his if his lawyer did not inform
him does the client go to jail for
taking his lawyer's advice on wait for
it his lawyers advice on how to do
something that's perfectly legal now if
something that Coen did in his advice
about running the money through him made
it illegal even if that were a crime for
the for the client and a I can't imagine
it is I mean I just can't even imagine a
world where that would be illegal how
big of a crime would it be for somebody
to do something that if they wrote a
check directly it's completely legal and
their lawyer who is supposed to keep
them out of legal trouble suggests that
they do it this way and you as a citizen
you're not a lawyer Trump isn't a lawyer
if his lawyer says I just run the money
through me
what would have set off any bells in his
mind for him to even imagine that was
illegal on what planet was candidate
Trump and in this case client Trump
client of Cohen how could he possibly
known that running the money through
Cohen would be illegal if his lawyer
said to do it and there and it's not I
don't see how that would be illegal if I
were the client if I were the client in
that situation would I know that this
had turned it into a crime somehow well
first of all I don't think it does and
second of all even if it did in some
technical way
how the hell would I know I'm not a
lawyer now I think we all agree they're
ignorant
yes somebody's anime ignorance is no is
no excuse right so the legal system is
very clear that ignorant is no excuse
but what happens if you let's say you
make a mistake in your taxes and it's
something complicated that no no citizen
would ever really understand but their
high-end tax attorney does if a high-end
tax attorney says do your taxes this way
and it turns out to be illegal how does
the IRS handle that do they handle it
the same as if the client easily should
have known it was illegal I don't think
so
again I'm not a lawyer but I don't think
it's handled the same it might still
have to be illegal but if you got your
advice from somebody whose job it is to
keep you out of trouble and it was so
complicated that even they didn't know
it was illegal you're a lot safer right
the person who gave you the advice ends
up taking some of the burden off of you
because you know realistically citizens
don't know how to do taxes realistically
candidate doesn't know the intricacies
of campaign finance law probably no
candidate knows all the intricacies so I
would say to you that even in the world
that I don't live in in which this is
somehow a legal to do what Cohen and
Trump did even if it were illegal isn't
it the smallest illegal thing you could
ever imagine imagine something that
first of all not only doesn't have a
victim hold on hold on not only does it
not have a victim it has a beneficiary
several of them alright so stormy
Daniels is a beneficiary if if things
had worked out and they'd paid her 130
thousand dollars and she didn't talk she
would have been a beneficiary what what
laws do you know of where somebody goes
to jail for helping somebody and
everybody just comes out ahead is there
such a thing as the law I know there are
laws where there's you know that it's a
victimless crime but but you know if you
could rank things there's a crime where
there's a victim that's way down here
that's low low low there's a crime
technically where there's no victim and
then the very best kind of crime is
where there's not only no victim but
everybody came out ahead nobody nobody
lost anything what do you call that it's
as close as you can get to the opposite
of a crime everybody just comes out
ahead store me get some money president
gets some privacy okay man who came out
behind all right so you'll be watching
the the two movies develop you may have
seen and all yesterday I was waiting for
this so when the news broke yesterday I
was waiting for CNN to trot out Carl
Bernstein what are you waiting for this
all yesterday I'm not I was thinking
where's Carl Bernstein where's the guy
who that they bring out to say I have
wait a second where's the guy they bring
on to say it's worse than Watergate it's
worse than Watergate so Carl Bernstein
has become the worse than Watergate guy
that's all he says no matter what the
situation is you know would be the
president got a parking ticket it's
worse than Watergate
the president took a phone call it's
worse than Watergate
so they trotted him out and what a
headline did they run I just tweeted it
they run the headline Carl Bernstein
says it's worse than a Watergate and I
thought to myself can I just write the
news now you know what if what if I just
do the news I'll tell you what the news
is a day ahead of time yep Carl
Bernstein will be on CNN and he will say
it's worse worse than the Watergate
so there's your weird news today you've
got something that shouldn't be illegal
probably isn't illegal and if it were
illegal it would be the smallest
technical crime anybody's ever seen in
the history of crimes because everybody
came out ahead what the hell kind of
crime does everybody come out of hand
[Music]
yeah worst of the Watergate it just
sounds it sounds like good alliteration
some of you just said all right now how
long is it going to take CNN to realize
that they don't have anything oh here's
another subtopic here so some people are
saying that that Cowan is accusing the
president of being a criminal so the way
it's being reported on CNN I think
Anderson Cooper sent it this way is that
is that Cohen in court accused the
President of the United States of a
federal offense of a federal crime did
you see that I didn't see anything I
didn't see that in my movie so in CNN's
movie Cohen said in public in court that
the President of the United States came
to crime and they're reporting it here's
the thing they're reporting it like
that's a fact that didn't happen nothing
like that happened
I'll tell you what did happen Cohen
described what the president did which
was directed and coordinated these
payments if it's not illegal to direct
and coordinate those payments of your
own money and it's not I mean it
absolutely under big you ously is not
illegal to use your own money for stuff
of this nature then what Cohen accused
the president of doing is something
totally legal
so in the other movie you know then the
non CNN movie Cohen got up in public and
accused the president of doing something
totally legal now what we don't know is
and and how do you not call that fake
news is it is it unfair to say that it's
fake news when CNN calls it refers to it
as when CNN refers to it as accusing him
of a crime when the experts are weighing
in and saying um doesn't look like a
crime no it's not real news it's fake
news I think that's a completely
accurate label you know I I don't think
you have to be on one side or another to
see how completely fake news that is
let me talk about something else that's
bothering me a bit you're watching me
Molly
Tibbits coverage and you know that
there's a young white woman who was
killed in the white woman part matters
in this story who was allegedly killed
by someone in this country illegally now
that's being used in the news as an
example of why we need more walls I'm
not comfortable with that framing
because to me it just feels racist
honestly now I want to be very careful
I'm not saying that the people who were
talking about this are racists I'm not
saying they have racist intentions
because if I did I would be reading
their minds that would be mind-reading
right I'm not a mind reader
and it is certainly a crime for somebody
to come into this country illegally and
if they come into the country illegally
and kill a citizen that's a really bad
crime we would like the rate of that to
be zero so we can all agree that the you
know the okay number of people to be
killed by people who are not legal
citizens the proper number is zero right
so the number should be zero we're all
on the same side on that nobody wanted
her to be killed
nobody wants illegal people to come into
the country and commit crimes a hundred
percent agreement all over the country
that nobody wanted any of that but to
highlight it looks racist feels racist
so if your if your intention is to get
your wall and to not look like a racist
in the process it kind of works against
you if your intention is to just get the
wall and you want to scare people as
much as possible
what watch how the comments are
completely misunderstanding my clear
point watch how people are
totally triggered on both sides on the
comments what I'm talking about is
persuasion what you're mad about
is not what I'm talking about so so just
check your thinking here for a moment
understand that we're all in complete
agreement that this should not have
happened
the right rate of murder is zero
wouldn't it be better if nobody was
coming across the border illegally you
know and the fact that somebody got
murdered definitely makes it worse we're
all on agreement on the facts so don't
don't give me a hard time about the
facts we agree I'm telling you that if
you're trying to convince the other side
the people who don't want the wall if
you're trying to convince them that you
want a wall and that the reason you're
doing it has nothing to do with being
racist this is exactly the wrong way to
do it
yeah so it might be the best way to get
the wall if it gets the base fired up
enough to elect more republicans or
something so I'm not sure it doesn't
work that remains to be seen
I mean it's worked so far it got us to
this point we're closer to the wall than
we've ever been so you could certainly
argue that it has worked up to this
point but at this point you know the
Democrats have already at one point
offered to pay for a wall under certain
conditions so under the condition that
the Democrats have that meet have made
at least one serious offer to pay for
the wall should they get some other
things the Democrats themselves have
essentially acknowledged that border
security matters and they would pay for
some kind of it I feel like at this
point the focusing on this Molly Tibbets
thing it's hard for me to understand
this messaging as a message it's
completely legitimate to talk about how
some crime got into the country the
facts are completely legitimate so this
is one of those cases where
you know as odd as the seams the facts
are completely on the president's site
it looks like this is exactly what
happened somebody came across the border
kill the citizen the right amount of
that is zero we should be striving to
make that zero and the wall might help
but if all you're talking about all day
is the brown guy killed the white woman
that's not that's not registering to me
as as solid facts even though that is a
small effect it's registering to me as I
feel like you've already won the
argument that we need good border
security if we're still talking about
brown guy kills white girl I feel like
that's sending two messages and one of
them is very destructive so um so let me
let me say I'm a little bit undecided on
the on the efficiency or utility of
talking about it it might be that
getting people fired up about this stuff
gets you your wall but I don't think I
don't think it's free I think you're
giving away something pretty big which
is the sense of racial harmony nobody is
saying that Scott I'm not talking about
what people are saying I'm talking about
how the message feels because if you
spend time on you know this one person
killed this one person you don't have to
talk about their race you know that
doesn't ever have to come up it's just
how people are gonna receive it so when
I talk about what the persuasion level
is on this I'm talking about the
irrational level if you're gonna argue
to me about the facts
remember I've agreed on you I've agreed
with you on all of the facts I've agreed
with you that it wouldn't matter if the
person came across the border was brown
or purple or white I totally agree with
you on the facts that race was not part
of the story but it's gonna feel like
that and why would you message something
that will make things worse if you know
it's going to make people
feel that way you wouldn't if it was
your daughter yes completely ridiculous
thing to say I agree with that
completely ridiculous comment that I
would feel differently if my own
daughter were killed duh of course I
would
what's that got to do with anything
everybody feels differently if it's the
wrong kid got killed that's ridiculous
so why does it make people feel that way
we're just we're we're sort of primed to
see things in a non factual away where
we are irrational creatures if you
ignore our irrational nature you can
accidentally you know message things
exactly the wrong thing yeah no one is
saying brown person that's a fact
we agree on the facts my point has
nothing to do with the facts because we
agree on all the facts
yes we're focusing on the illegal part
that's a fact no I'm not mind reading
somebody says you might drink I'm
telling you how persuasion works and
that people are irrational so every time
somebody says in the comments so here's
a little persuasion thing for you watch
the comments every time somebody points
out a fact there are two things you
should know about it one I already agree
with the fact and the people saying and
know it so the facts are not have
nothing to do with anything
so everybody who is saying a fact they
don't understand the point because they
don't want to you don't want you don't
want to understand that the facts have
nothing to do with this
it's just how it feels now watch there's
going to be somebody else who comes up
with another fact what if illegal white
immigrant that would be a fact
it's irrelevant let's see how many more
people will will be caught in this
little
was she is likely to be killed by a
citizen that would be a fact not
relevant
he was illegal that's a fact
irrelevant every fact you say is
irrelevant if you don't understand that
then you don't know what I'm saying but
watch it but watch how people can't hear
this so you're watching right in front
of you sort of a I would call it a
cognitive blindness so somebody just
wrote illegal three times illegal
illegal illegal did it that's a fact has
nothing to do with my point it's gated
no for the for those of you who can see
past what I'm talking about and that I'm
not talking about the facts I'm talking
about how it feels to people watch how
many people are arguing how it feels by
giving me a fact which is a completely
different topic and I already agree with
them all right yeah this is interesting
to watch it to watch it in real time but
if the victim was black somebody says
well that didn't happen
it feels you're getting defensive I am
because I'm also reacted reacting
irrationally because as many times as I
tell you I agree with the facts it won't
stop you from giving me more facts that
I agree with all right I think I've
taken this way too far
somebody said feelings are relevant over
facts why oh man you must be new here
yes
feelings are more relevant than facts in
many in many situations I'm not saying
they should be I'm saying that we're
irrational creatures and we react that
way read my book win big Li to
understand the larger points jogging
isn't safe in Iowa you know I had that
same feeling which was what the hell
Iowa I thought was the safest place in
the world
Scott is mind reading again on what I'm
gonna start I think I'll start deleting
the people who just started spewing out
that a mind reading when if you give me
an example I'll deal with it as
something that's true or false but if
you just start spewing Scotland's
mind-reading again I'm gonna start
blocking you for being a troll but if
you have a reason something something
you think I did that
absolutely pointed out because everybody
does that and sometimes I do it as well
no skin in the game here I've got plenty
of skin in the game are you kidding me
who has more skin in the game than I do
I've literally literally at risk of
dying I have so much skin in the game of
these topics that I could personally be
murdered if I go into public that's not
even a joke the odds of me being
murdered in public because of the things
that I say on this periscope are pretty
high compared to the average person so
if I don't have a skin in the game
nobody does Trump haters feel lots of
irrational feelings that is a very aware
statement it would be more aware to say
everybody is very irrational
the time what's wrong with having
feelings it's not a question of whether
it's wrong to have irrational feelings
because we just have them so that would
be like saying it is err a good or bad
well it doesn't matter we have air
doesn't matter what your opinion of it
is don't be you say you assume you know
feelings did I assume I know people's
feelings
um when I when I talk about these things
I'm talking about in the in the whole on
the average I'm not talking about every
individual when I talk about and if I
say the messaging would make people feel
something I don't mean every person
feels the same thing which would be mind
reason my treating alright
oh if somebody somebody said they're
okay there was a good example somebody
said that I mind-reading because I
assumed that when other people here
illegal immigrant that they're thinking
racist and now you are actually
mind-reading because I never said
anything like that so the this without
repeating you again the statement that
you said about me was you mind reading
me because my my opinion was nothing
like that were you happy that the judge
asked the jury about having their names
released yes it would have been a
tragedy for the judge to release the
names of the jurors without their
permission and apparently they didn't
give permission but I don't think
anybody cares because Manafort was
guilty enough and I love the fact that
the whole Manafort thing is just being
conflated with Cohen to make the Cohen
thing seem worse nobody's saying that
directly but our minds are conflating
the two they're just a little too
confusing because they happened at the
same time
now here's another I'm glad you waited
to the end so I actually say something
useful at the end god I guess I'll do my
hi sorry here's the the one additive
thing that I'll say today you might see
this in the media later because
somebody's going to pick up on it so
part of the criticism we're seeing after
the Cohen & Manafort decisions are the
laundry list of all of the Trump
appointees and people that he's worked
with since his candidacy who have been
run out of office and disgrace and or
got in legal trouble and it's a pretty
big list now right the number of people
who have backed the president or worked
for the president or worked on the
campaign who got into legal trouble and
then you throw a rose on to the list and
you say to yourself my god I thought the
president said he could hire good people
but what about all these bad people
here's the correct response to that
because you could be hearing all day
today all he hires only bad people I
thought he said he's good at hiring
people to things that are very important
to this number one well the the the
opposition to candidate Trump spent a
year and a half painting him as an
insane racist maniac until until that
was his brand for you know a big part of
the country on both the left and the
right this is the important part even
even within the Republican Party a lot
of people said oh I don't want my brand
mixed up with his because he's got that
whole they're calling him awful things
so I'd better keep some distance even
though I'm glad a Republican got the job
because I didn't want Hillary to get it
the last thing I want to do is you know
put my reputation in that grinder with
with this guy after a year-and-a-half of
being called a monster and a Hitler and
everything else so what was the pool of
potential people who could work for
Trump after the election the pool of
potential applicants was very very small
how many african-american high quality
people were willing to walk to work for
the president when he got elected a few
right basically only people who were
already on the team you know ben Carson
he was basically already on the team so
yeah the number of people who would
cross that line given the way he had
been framed by the opposition was
basically zero you know it was
approaches zero so he had a very hard
time just getting the right applicants
that I think nobody would disagree with
that statement
now that doesn't mean he couldn't find
any that just means it was much much
harder in his specific case not like
anything that's ever been tried in
history before
secondly and I made this point before
I'm the smartest people that I know when
they talk about hiring they will agree
that hiring is sorta guessing the skill
is in the firing so you hire people will
look good on paper but you don't really
know how they're going to perform most
of these people are hired into jobs
they've never done before is it true or
not true then most of the people hired
into a new administration are hired into
jobs they've never done before that's
just how it works you know Kelly had
never been chief of staff you know most
of these people have never been you know
in in the cabinet so how in the world
would you know how they would perform
you wouldn't but what you can do is fire
people who don't work out so if you've
got somebody who's willing to fire
people as problems come up you've at
least got that going for you
all right so nobody would nobody would
disagree with the statement that Trump
is willing to fire people when it's time
so he's got that working for him that
helps a little and then here's the third
thing the third thing is that how many
people work in the Trump administration
what would be the total number of people
who have been hired directly or
indirectly by the White House for the
cabinet etc hundreds thousands I don't
know
few hundred and then how many of them
turned out to be bad as a percentage
five percent what is the total number of
people who just turned out to be you
know at least alleged to be criminals or
corrupt or something maybe five percent
if if that's true and you're guessing on
whether these people are going to be
good and you're guessing from a small a
small pool of people who would even be
willing to work for your administration
if v if five percent of them turn out to
be
add and you're willing to fire them as
you need them it's not the worst problem
in the world so you got to put it in
perspective so then there's also the
there's these I don't know what you
would call it in this case but our our
focus is on all the bad actors so CNN is
not going to run a story about the
person that Trump hired to work down
just great you know where are the
stories about Trump hired some people
and they they do their job they're
really good at their jobs are you never
going to see that story so since we only
see the negative your sense of how many
of them have gone bad and and the fact
of course the the press is good at
throwing people into the mix so now
they're including people who are simply
supporters of the president who just had
other jobs you know they were Congress
people or whatever so now they're
throwing them into the mix like that's
you know somehow that's Trump's problem
that somebody who supported him had a
legal problem that had nothing to do
with him so keep in mind that the news
is is sort of trying to package every
problem as being a bigger problem so
you've got three things going on that
creates the exaggerated impression that
he can't hire good people but what's
going on is he had a very small pool
probably very small percentage of that
total number of people he hired actually
were bad but maybe more than normal
because he had a bad yeah the you know
an inadequate pool of people to choose
from and then there's the other issue of
loyalty in these government situations
whether you like it or not loyalty
matters because it's an asset you have
to understand this point
loyalty matters for a leader because
it's an asset
the more loyalty you have the better
your operation runs all things being
equal but of course all things are not
equal the people who are loyal are not
necessarily going to be the most capable
so you could certainly see situations
where you have to you have to preserve
loyalty because it's a two-way street
you can't expect your staff to be loyal
to you if you're not loyal to them first
it boil tea is an asset if you destroy
that asset the whole thing falls apart
so when when if you don't know much
about government and how the world works
and you say hey did the president put
that that man or that woman in that job
just because they were loyal and not
because they were exactly the right
person for that job and the answer is
yes totally
why because loyalty is an asset if you
don't preserve it you'll lose it and
then the whole your whole operation
falls apart because nobody's loyalty so
there are cases where you have to
conspicuously choose oil tea over even
competence but you try to do that on the
jobs that won't break the world you know
if you put somebody in a cabinet
position probably the the department
itself has a bunch of professionals and
they and and whoever the boss is
probably they can't break anything so if
so if those are staffed with loyal
people sometimes that's a that's a risk
management situation where you're saying
I need to preserve my loyalty it needs
to work both ways people need to see
that if they work for me I'll take care
of them and then I can ask them to take
care of me so sometimes I might have to
pick somebody who's not exactly the
right fit but I'm gonna try to put them
in a job that won't hurt anything too
much because it's staffed with lots of
you know career people who make all the
hard decisions now
would the president use loyalty for his
chief of staff well in a way you know
maybe they're you know
Reince Priebus
the thing that didn't last very long but
notice that he worked in wait his way
out of that situation when it wasn't
working out and now he's got Kelly in
that position now Kelly has a very
important job that's not the job you
want to give somebody who's just loyal
and doesn't have skill sorry Kelly has
tremendous skill and he's in an
important job so if you look at the yet
the important jobs like let's say
minutiae nor you know something like
that those are important jobs look at
Mathis you know mattis gives in an
important job
what is his skill level well it's very
high all right so like computer has
ghosts in it
all right so that's my point is that
this hole does Trump hire good people or
not has at least four levels of
complexity and if you don't consider
them all how many did you have to choose
from you know you have to preserve
loyalty you have to be willing to fire
every one of them isn't a new job you
don't really know how they're going to
perform you don't really have time to
vet everybody's tax returns you know you
don't have time to do that stuff but you
can correct as you need to and he's
correcting as he needs to yeah so that's
all for now
I'm going to go do something else and
I'll talk to you all later