[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Adams and if you
didn't know the first part of this show
is just a stall until everybody gets
here the Sip is not necessarily meant to
be the time that you're here but if you
are it's
great but if you miss the Sip then you
got here just in time because the Sip is
meant to stall until you get here but if
you'd like to take your experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
all you need for that is a cuper mug
glass a tankered Chell a canteen Jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like
coffee join me now for the unparallel
pleasure of the dope mean here of the
day thing that makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous sip it
happens now
go oh I can see the complaining has
begun already where is my video you
say Well it appears that there is no
video yet let's see if uh I'll
experiment at least on locals there's no
video Let's see if I reboot on the
locals and see if that changes
it yes it does so if you're on locals
and you don't have video just close it
and reopen it you'll be fine
everything's fine in fact I'd like to
give a little advice I don't know if
you've ever heard this technical advice
before but this might apply to other
areas of your
life if something's not working on your
device try restarting
it you'll be amazed you'll be thanking
me forever hey I've got an idea why
don't I restart that
yeah works every time all right well
let's talk about the things uh did you
see the video of the meteor that went
over over Portugal and Spain it looked
like this big
streaking thing I finally got to see a
video of something I saw live once so I
don't know if it was 10 or 12 years ago
yeah I've told you the story before but
I was walking out I was in Nevada for
something and I walked down to a store
at 6 in the morning or so and I looked
up and I saw this thing that looked like
a a nuclear attack it was like green and
blue goes across the sky unfreaking
believable and I'd never I I couldn't
explain what it looked like to people
until this video came out or the one
that's over Portugal and Spain somebody
had their phone hang they were doing a
selfie you can see the meteor perfectly
behind them the funny thing is that the
person doing the selfie didn't get to
see it in person they're they're facing
the wrong way to see one of the most
impressive things that Humanity could
ever see a meteor piercing the
atmosphere well you're looking the wrong
way when I when I saw mine I I was ready
to cross the street I just picked up
some bagels at a bagel shop early in the
morning and there was a group of uh I
think five Cal students they had Cal
shirts on and uh they were facing the
wrong
direction and I got to see what of the
greatest things ever and and they were
right there at the same time but they
were facing the wrong way and I said
said there was a great meteor did you
miss it and they said what meteor what
so anyway uh political commentator for
CNN and other places I guess Alice
Stewart uh died suddenly Outdoors at age
58 and because we're terrible
people instead of saying the things we
should say such as caring about the
family and hoping they're doing well
uh we're probably going to send around
memes about being fully vaccinated
because I guess she was fully vaccinated
and she was
provax now I saw some people saying
since when do people drop dead if
they're not
vaccinated to which I say when has that
not happened in my in my entire life
I've been hearing stories of people at
every age just suddenly dropping dead
what is it new
did just happen now I don't know if
there's more of it if there's more of it
it's a problem but when I hear these
On's and two's I don't I don't really
have that feeling if she had been
vaccinated you know a week ago I might
ask more
questions but I would like to uh remind
you that all of our data about
everything is unreliable so I don't know
what's true there's a study showing that
hypothermia meaning getting really
cold uh can help you with depression
because it has
anti-inflammatory properties when you
when you freeze yourself I guess put
yourself in cold air or cold water now I
don't think I'm the first person to come
up with this I think I've read about it
before but I'm more and more convinced
that mental health is a inflammation
problem do you think that's
possible maybe not all of it of course
you know I I don't think has to do with
schizophrenia but do you think that
depression and anxiety and those things
could
be uh an allbody inflammation that we're
not aware
of I feel like it might be because if
it's true that hypothermia is
anti-inflammatory and that makes you um
less
depressed and at the same time it feels
like our food supply is
poisoned maybe it's not entirely the
phone that are making us mentally
ill maybe it's the inflammation from
just general living and pollution and
bad food and who knows what anyway I'll
just put that out there as a possibility
well the simulation theory is getting
some more attention the idea that we're
all simulated creatures of software uh
so one of the proponents was on Joe
Rogan so that will automatically get a
lot of attention rzan
ver and I guess he's got some
credentials um from Stanford and MIT or
some other things anyway so he's a
serious serious uh scientific
mind um and he mentions that there are
people running experiments now to see if
they can prove we're in a simulated
environment hold that in your mind for a
moment there are serious scientists
trying to devise experiments that would
prove we are a simulated
environment is that wild what if they
do what if they prove it now um I don't
offer this as proof but I say this
often everything about the reality that
we think is our
reality would have to be this way if we
were a programmed artificial software
species all of the limits that we would
observe building a game such as as you
can't have unlimited Universe you'd have
to have a limited size
Etc it's too coincidental that
everything about a real
reality uh only makes sense if we're
software but it wouldn't make sense if
we were
real that there are a lot of
coincidences so I'm pretty sure we're
simulated but we'll see the just the
fact that on Joe Rogan puts it up to a a
different
level all right I saw a uh interesting
post by Michael girdley on X and he
talks about his experience hiring a
private Chef to cook for his family uh
two days for a week the private Chef
comes in and prepares a bunch of meals
that they can eat for several days until
the private Chef comes back now here was
now you might say to yourself Scott
Scott Scott why are you giving us rich
people news we can't use this rich
people news tell us things that would be
applicable to real people not you rich
people with your servants and your
private chefs well here's actually the
point of the story he saved
money it cost them less to have a
private
Chef he actually did the math cost him
less now part of it has to do with you
know families today seem to have
different diets you could have one one
vegan in your family and one with a um
you know allergies to five different for
things and one who only eats some weird
diet so it's really really hard to cook
for your family and we're not really
good at cooking extra in advance so
you'll have you know stuff to take out
of the freezer but apparently if you get
the chef they uh save you a ton of time
but also
money now I'm not going to go so far as
to recommend that you do this I don't
think it's quite practical for the
average person yet you know maybe at
little um probably upper middle class
would be the starting point for even
thinking about it but I have a larger
point which is our food delivery and
preparation is all wrong do you know how
much money we spend just getting the
food into your
mouth the the actual growing of the food
is reasonably efficient the part where
it gets pulled out of the dirt and
deliver to your mouth is so wrong I mean
every part of that system is just so
poorly and then then you got to go to
the grocery store you have to drive to
the store like several times a week and
carry things home and you put it in a
bag you put it in a cart you put it in a
bag you take it out of the bag you put
it in the refrigerator you take it out
of the refrigerator you it it's just
this insanely wrong process and I don't
think a private Chef is going to be the
answer but here's what I think is
I believe that people who live close to
each other will start creating a private
virtual
cafeterias in other words one of the
people in the community will say all
right I'll just be the house Mom and
I'll cook for
everybody and you'll say oh that's not a
bad idea I might even meet some
neighbors that way I think there's going
to be some kind of
coordinated food preparation process
maybe with AI maybe a robot gets
involved but my prediction is this that
the old model of a a mom or a dad or
together preparing meals for a family is
definitely going to go away it will be
maintained You by some groups forever of
course but but as a general theme it's
going to go away from fast food and away
from snacking all day which a lot of
families do and it's going to go toward
some kind of community organized food
prep thing that will save you money and
time Mike Ben describes why we can't
have a
wall and the basic idea he goes into
great details it's it's highly
convincing I I don't have any doubt that
he's right but basically saying that uh
uh every ever since forever the United
States has been getting into illegal
drug business so that we can have a way
to move Mo dark money to places that the
CIA wants to move it so if you wanted to
buy weapons for a secret war or a you
know Revolution that you're trying to
foment you don't want a lot of records
of the money moving around so you you
get in bed with the criminal elements
you move you know tons of cocaine and
whatever else fentel and you can uh move
your money around in the form of drugs
it makes it very compact
but the reason that we don't close the
border and that we don't build a wall is
that uh it's coming from inside the
house so I'll tell you this as many
times as it
takes we need a wall around our own CIA
if you want to stop the drugs you put
the wall around where where is it is it
Quantico or Langley where's the
CIA I always confuse the FBI
headquarters with the
CIA but you need to put a wall around
them
cuz Mexico is apparently not the
problem I mean obviously they're part of
it but it seems like the problem is now
stopping Mexico it's stopping something
that's coming from inside our country
now just to make it more
complicated uh I've said this before but
every time there's a story that relates
to it I have to say it again we're not a
republic and we haven't been for maybe
ever I don't know but a long time we're
basically run by people behind the
curtain who do stuff like this and I'm
not so sure it's not the best form of
government I I'm completely convinced at
this point that the best form of
government is a CRI criminal
Enterprise you know they always used to
say well democracy has its problems
they're really talk about a Democratic
Republic but when people say democracy
has its problems but nobody's come up
with a better
system I say yeah they did the better
system is pretending you have a
democracy but actually operating as a
criminal entity that's well organized if
it's a Well organized criminal entity
everybody makes
money yeah the the cartels are doing
great do you think Crime Pays well
apparently it does for a lot of people
pays really well so the the United
States I think is best seen as a
criminal Enterprise that was really good
at it for a number of years and and
we're in a world where the other big
entities are other criminal Enterprises
and that's it we're we're basically just
arguing over Turf but no there's no
moral or ethical superiority nothing
like that's happening that's all
 we are just criminal
Enterprise um let's see Boris Johnson
had a little video where he was test
driving a Tesla with a full uh
self-driving feature there's a little
video of him sitting there in the car is
driving itself in LA and apparently he's
totally
sold he's saying that if you experience
it basically you see the
future now I'm a Tesla
stockholder small I mean you know I have
my little tiny piece but and I tell you
that because I'm going to I'm going to
say something that I don't understand
about the
stock it seems to me be and this is more
Salient because I'm looking for a car
not immediately but I'm I'm sort of in
that mindset of looking for my next
vehicle when I compare the Tesla option
with full
self-driving to any other
vehicle it looks like the
past I don't know if I want to squeeze
another few years years and of driving a
car that doesn't have self-driving
capability my my brain is having a
really hard time committing you know
some largish amount of money to
something that to me looks like the
past is anybody having that same
experience that that the Tesla
self-driving is going to very very
quickly make it look like any other car
is stupid
and I think it's just experiencing it uh
so so far the people have experienced it
are pretty sold have you heard of
anybody going from a Tesla full
self-driving car back to a gas gas
engine I don't think it's going to
happen I think it's a one-way trip and I
don't think that the other self-driving
cars are going to be able to compete I
mean not as well as mus so so I want to
give you these two data points and then
shake my head about it remember I always
tell you that your opinions are assigned
to
you so Tesla and maybe give me a fact
check on this I believe that Tesla is
currently at such a dominant position
that hasn't quite actualized because
it's going to take a while for people to
experience full
self-driving you have to experience it
to be
sold I had this experience when I tried
an ebike for the first time I told you
that story if you hear about ebikes you
say to yourself well that could be
interesting I could see how people would
like it if you try an ebike you pull out
your
wallet you will just reach for your
wallet you spend 10 seconds on a
freaking ebike and you're like okay
never going back I'm doing this right
and apparently that's a common
experience I think the full self-driving
is going to be that which once you
experience it it will be almost
Unthinkable that you wouldn't have
it because we all have these you know
use cases where it would be really nice
the have you ever gone on vacation and
not wanted to drive in the new
place I I have this rule that if I go on
vacation and I personally have to drive
a vehicle I'm not on vacation I'm just a
chauffeur because I hate driving in
unfamiliar places so much that to me
that ruins the whole vacation there's no
point at all but imagine if I could go
to a place I'd never been where the the
rules of the road are all different and
I just get in the car and tell it where
to go imagine just telling your car you
know you're in Italy or something
imagine just telling the car to go I
don't to Rome it just drives to
Rome and then it takes you all the
places you want to see and takes you to
refill itself you know it knows where
the superchargers are yeah I don't think
there's anything that you can even
understand that would feel like
that now add that potential to the fact
that uh Tesla's going to have their
Tesla robot coming out and Elon said
that the robot business is going to be I
don't know 10 to 100 times bigger than
the car business how in the world is
that stock not going through the roof is
it entirely a political
drag now you're supposed to be pricing
stock based on the future I've never
seen a company with a better
future have you like even when I look at
Ai and I say oh open AI is going to be
this biggest company ever I don't really
see that they have a
moat I I feel like there'll be even the
open AIS will be competitive I mean
they're they're going to open AI is
going to be competing with
free right isn't that inevitable the
open AI will be competing with free and
it'll be about as good it seems to me
but how how is anybody going to compete
with the Tesla
robot or the Tesla self-driving car if
elon's the only one who has that much
video visual uh data to train
it I don't know so I don't want to sound
like I'm just being a fanboy about this
company because I do own the stock so
keep that in mind this is not this is
not a financial recommendation not an
investment but why isn't this stock 10
times
higher I don't know I I'm a little
confused about what people are seeing
that I'm not seeing but again I'm biased
Julian Assange I guess the British
courts are going to decide maybe today
about whether he would be released to
the United States I guess I want to make
sure that there's no chance he would get
the death
penalty do you think he would get the
death
penalty is that even a possibility you
think
probably is it certainly it would be on
the table do you think he'll be
released what's your prediction uh my
prediction about Assange is that the
real story we don't know and we never
will that's what I think I think the
real story is we don't know the real
story and we'll never know the real
story so I've been
hesitant to weigh in heavily on an
opinion
because I feel like there are a lot of
people in the intelligence Community who
want him dead what's that all about you
know uh no I get that he put put some of
them at risk so I get that but is there
more to
it I don't know I feel like yeah I feel
like there's way more to it so it's hard
to have an opinion but uh it does make a
difference whether he's going to come
back under a Biden Administration or a
trump
now Trump did not do anything useful for
aange and so it's not doesn't seem to be
a Republican versus Democrat problem it
it appears it's you know coming from our
intelligence agencies have a strong
opinion um do you think that Assange has
a uh a secret file that would be
released if something happens to
him I feel like that's the only reason
he's alive is that he has a secret file
that will be
released
so it's quite a balancing act he's got
here there's a rumor that Kate Middleton
over at the
UK um so a former staffer claims that
back in December the end of December uh
she slipped into a coma after taking
sleeping pills and she was taken away
and nobody ever saw her
again or at least the staff never saw
her again
so the rumor is that she died a while
ago or that she's in a a
coma now that would kind of make sense
with the AI version of her that we saw
but I'm not I'm not quite ready to buy
this because it sounds to me like maybe
an anonymous source yeah B basically
this isn't
um in my uh opinion
this is not reliable but there's
something going on there's something we
don't know but I wouldn't think this is
necessarily reliable all right I have a
question for you I put this to the
locals people but let's see what the
rest of you
think I have uh two nicknames for
Biden one is President small
candy president small candy and the
other is squinty McDon
face squinty McDon face
because you know I've got this
uh you ever see the story about the mass
killer there'll be a story about a
serial killer you know Charles Manson
kind of thing and then you look at the
picture of the
alleged the alleged killer and you'll
say to yourself did nobody see the
problem just looking at that person can
you really tell me that nobody looked at
that person's face and said well there's
a potential killer right there when I
look at Biden's face I see a face of
evil not just dementia sometimes
dementia but other times I just see evil
now again that might be the dementia
that just makes him look that way but
how do you not see it is it just me I
I'm trying to figure out how much is he
does look exactly like a demon and how
much of it is I'm so biased that my
perception have been changed so so in
real time he looks like a
demon and I I never really looked at the
world that way because I'm not a demon
believer you I don't believe in the
afterlife so I don't believe in
demons but why do I see one when I look
at him when I look at Schiff or uh Rasin
Jamie Rasin I actually see
demons and I don't know oh dementia and
Demon have the similar similar word hm
never thought about that but do you all
see it or can you see it too I mean
you're all biased as I am but do you see
it do you see something that doesn't
look
like it looks like he's possessed with a
demon that that face doesn't look like a
normal face that anybody would make
under any situation other than demon
possession right how how do the
Democrats not see that when when squinty
mcde face gets into his his yelling face
and his eyes almost totally close have
you see his eyes go completely
dark I think the reason he closes his
eyelids is that the white part of his
eyes has disappeared and they've gone
completely
dark it just looks demon-like
anyway but I don't believe in demons it
just looks like
it well Trump's uh latest uh rally he
went full standup comedian he did like
five minutes of impromptu just comedy
going from one topic to the other and uh
and he's just totally mocking the Biden
the Biden candy tiny candy inflation
thing totally mocking it and he's just
making it a
joke that is exactly right
right it is exactly right to make it a
joke because
we got to mock this stuff out out of
existence you can't take it seriously
you have to mock it like the stupidity
it
is so I would I would keep doing that so
uh Trump's doing great we've never seen
anybody who do what he did we've never
seen anybody who could do five minutes
of uh impromptu comedy without the
teleprompter who was in
politics the the
the oh I'm in the comments that it's
just light
sensitivity maybe it's just light
sensitivity but can you explain this to
me in all cases where he's
indoors and on
camera sometimes his eyes are wide open
like he's the he's the dopiest guy in
the world like dementia wide open
eyes and then sometimes he's all
squinty it's the same freaking light
it's the same light it's just indoors
he's literally just
indoors and he can't open his
eyes yeah there's something going on I
don't know what is maybe it's
meth all right
uh
uh yeah this is how Trump said it he
said but Americans are not struggling to
make ends meat because they're buying
too many Snickers bars they're
struggling because they have the worst
most incompetent most corrupt Pres in
the history of our
country that's the way to do it bring it
bring it down to the Snickers bar level
to mock him good
job all right apparently there's a in
the six key swing St States more people
say they'll never vote for Biden than
say they'll never vote for Trump so uh
51% say there's not really any chance
they vote for Biden compared to only 46%
who say that about Trum
that's according to New York Times and
Sienna College poll
so um there's that but uh here's
something that I interpret in the worst
possible way let's see if you did so you
know Trump's Trump lawyer John Eastman
and you know that he already had some
legal Jeopardy for the January 6 stuff
well apparently on top of that and brand
new uh Phoenix is going to charge him
with some crimes related to
2020 and the early indication is he had
nothing to do with any of it like he
just wasn't involved in their
state so here's how I take
it so he was actually arrested in
Phoenix on conspiracy fraud forgery and
other felony charges uh even though he
didn't have any communication with the
Arizona
electors does it sound to you like this
is suppressive fire and that the entire
plan is to rig the election but they're
making sure you know that if you
complain about it you'll go to
jail I don't I don't know how else to
interpret it the only way I can
interpret this is that the Democrats are
making damn sure you know that if you
complain about another rigged election
you're going to jail and he's hunted
yeah so let's see if there's uh any
other indication of
that oh Morning Joe uh is telling us on
uh so Joe scarbo he says that uh he gets
to talk to the top people in the Biden
campaign you know not the low-level
people like the rest of you are talking
to no no Joe Morning Joe he gets to talk
to the important people the people who
make the real decisions the movers the
Shakers and what he tells us is that the
people on the inside uh act like they're
holding Four Aces he says and they know
something we don't know he speculates
that what they know is they're seeing
some polling they've got a little money
raised they know that they can use that
money to swing the vote so given all the
money that they have and the fact that
there's plenty of time left they're sure
that uh Biden will easily win this race
in just the normal
way you know you you campaign better
than the other one spend more money on
ads you know that sort of thing just
normal normal stuff
um let me tell you I can't think of
anything that would be
scarier uh than knowing that the Biden
campaign on the inside are supremely
confident because they know something we
don't know because you know what we do
know we do know everything that Joe
Scarboro told us that they raised a lot
of money and you know they'll try really
hard and you know elections narrow and
all that stuff we knew that part but if
they're so confident at this point based
on the all the polling going against
them and still moving that direction
losing the black vote and there you know
they're still confident they won't lose
the vote but um that there's a huge
swing toward
Republican well toward Trump
specifically to me this looks like the
uh media is getting you
ready uh telling you that there's a real
reason that that they could win but more
importantly signaling that the people on
the inside know something you don't
know but we do know about
their all the stuff he
mentioned that's pretty obvious to me
this looks like an obvious signal that
they're that uh Scarboro knows they're
going to rig the
election that's not an
accusation so I'm not alleging that I'm
saying that's the signal what are you
hearing you know communication is about
not just what the person says but what
you're thinking about the person's
intentions that's what allows you to
hear it a certain way because you're
you're assuming they have a certain
intention when they say
things to me it's kind of signaling like
they're planning to rig it and they want
to put John Eastman in jail and all the
January Sixers so that when they rig it
with this weird confidence they have
while running a person who's clearly
mentally
incompetent and behind in the poles and
falling the only way all of these facts
make sense is if they've already decided
to rig it and there's nothing you can do
about it I don't know how to understand
it any other way this set of
facts Jonathan turle is having some fun
with this story about Biden who wants to
have executive privilege over those uh
her tapes those are the tapes in which
we have the transcript and and uh uh her
the lawyer said that uh you know he
wasn't want he didn't want to prosecute
Biden in part because he seemed like a
sympathetic old man who was a little
confused and then the Republicans say
really we have the transcript but maybe
we should hear him in his own
words which I'd love to uh I'd love to
hear and I'm going to call these the
dementia tapes for some reason nobody
gave them a name
these are the dementia tapes people when
you refer to the story you should say he
he wants to put executive uh privilege
over the dementia
tapes it's important to Brand these
things you got your
Watergate right you got your various
Gates so you need to a name for I'm
going to call these the diena tapes and
Biden wants to keep them under
reps but here's the funny thing
what exactly is he protecting this is a
to Le's point we have the
transcript so what he's not protecting
is
information if he's not protecting
information what's he
protecting here's how Charlie says it he
says the implication of privilege over
the audio tapes is so transparently
political and cynical that it would make
Richard n Nixon blush Biden is not
claiming the actual conversation as
privileged only how he sounded and spoke
the
words the only thing he thinks is
privilege because that's all there is
since we know what he said all that's
left is the way he said it you know the
sort of the the mannerism of his
delivery now is that something that is a
presidential executive privilege I think
so yeah I mean from a perspective I
think I actually back Biden on this by
the way do
you I I'm I'm very much in favor of uh
the president having
maximum presidential executive
powers so if the sitting President says
I gave you the transcript uh I'd rather
you didn't hear the you know the actual
mannerism I would love to hear the
mannerism so as a citizen I definitely
want to hear it so let me be clear from
citizen standpoint definitely want to
hear it but that would apply to a lot of
things that are presidential and
confidential
so um I don't I don't know how we could
win this but I'm just sort of
philosophically I'm in favor of even
Biden having a lot of privacy in the
job so you don't have to agree with that
but I but I I would love to see it and I
think the country would be better served
if we heard it but that's presidential
uh you know presidential privilege is a
pretty broad tool so it's not going to
make you happy all the
time it does kind of get you back to the
GoPro presidency do you remember maybe I
don't know seven or eight years ago I
talked to you that uh nval ravikant had
an article saying we should put a GoPro
camera on our presidents whenever
they're doing anything that
the work of the people we just watch it
there there should be it's almost like a
body cam for the president if you put a
body cam on a cop because you're not
sure what happens when you're not
watching what if you put a body cam on
your president now the first thing
you're going to say is but Scott there
are so many like secret things they do
that we shouldn't know about to which I
say maybe they shouldn't do those
things maybe if you can't say out loud
what you're doing you should rethink
that that
thing now I I realize that doesn't work
at all in National Security when it
comes to National Security the other
team is you know your your opponents are
not being nice so you want to use every
tool you can if you're trying to protect
your
existence but you could imagine a world
in which Full transparency could work
it's
imaginable but I understand why we were
afraid of
it all right so the dimen tapes we'll
see if those are
released um I I think I mentioned that
Trump was being politically smart when
he quickly accepted the two debates but
then he offered two
more which puts Biden in the position of
having to reject additional debates
which Trump probably was never serious
about in the first
[Music]
place it's such a funny fun play like
sometimes politics is just funny I think
it's funny that uh Trump bluffed him by
offering two more like serious offers
because they were based on you know a
real media platform being ready to do it
but I I don't think that Trump wants
four debates I think he just wants Biden
to turn down two of
them so I keep telling you that Trump's
campaign this time around is so flawless
that you almost don't notice like you
don't notice how good it is because
there aren't any mistakes so it's like
they took the friction away or the
contrast I guess if there was more
contrast like if you were doing some bad
things then maybe you'd say oh well at
least these are good things but when all
he does is the right thing which is what
he's doing he's got the longest unbroken
streak of no mistakes that I've seen in
a long time I mean he he is
Trump is operating the chaos guy you
know the Reckless chaos guy he's showing
you a communication
discipline it's sort of unparalleled I
don't think we've seen it
before anyway if you add it to his uh
you have to put it in the context of his
freewheeling extemporaneous
style that he still is Flawless it'd be
one thing if you're only doing scripted
stuff it's easy to read a tell
prompter but Trump is making all this
work impromptu he just sort of knows
what he should do and goes and does it
all right so I think that was funny that
was a good
play uh end wokeness and account on X
that you should be following tells us
that in Erie County Pennsylvania they
just uh government just gave $300,000 of
public grants to non-white businesses so
if you were a white business you
couldn't get any of this even though you
might have been a taxpayer for it so
white owned businesses may not apply now
here's a question I ask is there a Dei
Sanctuary
State because I'm going to give you some
career advice it goes like
this the biggest thing you can do for
your career is to go wherever your
career is best
suit so for example when I graduated
college my undergraduate degree I was in
Upstate New
York not a ton of opportunity in Upstate
New
York but first thing I did was I sold my
car for a one-way ticket to San
Francisco because I knew in San
Francisco you know at the Bay Area it
would be like the greatest opportunities
maybe everywhere maybe best place in the
world I don't know could have been and
so I went there and sure enough things
worked out and I had PL of opportunities
when I needed to change jobs it was easy
changing jobs was easy because there was
always an offer plenty of opportunities
so number the number one advice is go
where your odds are
best now if I were advising a young
black man or woman uh had to managed
their career I would say you should go
toward a blue State and you should go
toward um big companies because big
companies are just dying for more
diversity and they will discriminate in
your favor and they'll tell you they'll
tell you straight up we're trying to get
more diversity we'll do what we can you
know to make that happen so if you're a
black man or woman in America you should
run toward wherever their Dei programs
wherever they emphasize ESG Etc uh that
probably that's probably true for any
group that's not a white
male probably de is is you know if
you're a woman
Etc however my best advice is if you're
a white man and these programs are
specifically designed to benefit
everybody but you really everybody but
you you should go where the Dei is the
least wherever that is now I would love
to have some State probably some red
State just actually declare itself a Dei
sanctuary and say if you come here and
anybody does any Dei stuff they're going
right to
jail so you can live here and uh if
you're a white male you can have the
same economic
opportunities that you would if there
were no
Dei
so will I get canceled for saying
that why not that's exactly what I said
that got me
cancelled except I said it in the way
that you couldn't turn away
I said it I said it in a way that would
make your hair catch on fire
intentionally I said it in a way that
would make people really really
mad
intentionally do you know why so you'll
pay attention it's a huge
deal it was complet completely worth
getting cancelled just to make a
point have I ever mentioned how stubborn
I am
sometimes once I sink my teeth into
something I'm like a pit bull
it's like you can shoot me but I'm not
going to let go and I'm not going to let
go of this let me say it again if you
are not a white man in America you
should definitely go where the Dei
programs are strong because they're
there for your benefit and that would be
a good career move to be in a maximum
Dei situation if you're a white
man get the away from all of that
if can if you have any way to get the
 away from it get the away from
it same
message it it it's just math and
strategy now if you heard me say hey why
do you say you don't like black people I
would say who said that I love black
people where where did you get
that like that's not even that's not
part of the conversation where we
talking about my preferences of who I
like to hang out with I love black
people let me tell you something about
black people black men I know more I
probably spend more time with black men
black men have a good sense of humor I
know that's racist right to make a
generalization but I definitely noticed
it have you not noticed that that black
men have an unusually good sense of
humor is is is that a is that a biged
statement I'm not saying other people
don't
I'm saying that it just seems like one
of those weird things I've noticed now
I'm not sure if that's true of black
women because I've spent less time with
black women but black
men if you meet a black
guy you're going to be able to have a
laugh pretty much every time like that's
been my experience so I always get along
with black men for sure anyway it's the
same advice with empty uh hair on fire
um Elon Musk has been completely right
about the risk of the birth decline
there's new new evidence even making it
worse I guess there's a global alarm now
countries like Japan South Korea and
Italy this is the Wall Street Journal is
reporting on this uh the birth rates
have fallen to as low as
1.3 I think you need 2.1 to rep replace
each other because it takes two people
to have a little more than two kids and
a few of them
die so now experts believe that by 2050
many nations will face shrinking
populations and Workforce
shortages and the decline is all incomes
education it's just everywhere the
decline is everywhere
now who who is the person who warned you
about this the
earliest of people who are you know
notable musk Elon Musk is the one who
told you your big problem is not
overpopulation your big problem is
underpopulation now the reason I
mentioned this is that he was
right he was also right when he built a
electric car company in that people said
it would never work but he made it
work he was right when he built a rocket
company that people said well that'll
never work but it worked and now he can
send up multiple rockets and land them
and he was right about this and this is
really big and he was right about
it so if he was right about all of these
things are you going to B against him on
the next
prediction what has he gotten
wrong and here's why he he's got a uh
another contrarian prediction here's the
contrarian
prediction um there's some people that
think that we're going to need uh
Universal basic income in the AI and
robot age because so many jobs will be
removed they need to give somebody just
a basic income to stay
alive and mus says uh that uh the UN
it'll be a universal High income not
basic now that is really
contrarian because we're all thinking
how are we even going to survive and
then we say well you know at least maybe
we'll get the basics so he can eat and
maybe see a doctor maybe get some
shelter but musk is saying he's going
completely the opposite direction
Universal High
income how is that
possible well I think it is in
theory your robots would be so
productive that you could
have a high income and that everybody
could have everything they want it's
just that there will be a period where
there'll be massive dislocation where
people will really just be unemployed
and at that point they probably need
ubii but if the if the robots are so
efficient and AI is so efficient it
should make our economic situation a 100
times
better if our economic situation on
Earth is 100 times better you can
actually afford a universal High income
for everybody it's actually
possible but you have to get to
something like a hundred times more
productive could we get there with AI
and robots a hundred times more
productive I'm making up the number a
100 but just to give you an idea of the
argument do you think that's reasonable
could we be a hundred times more
productive so that everybody could have
lots of
money
yes
yes in fact I'm going to he convinced
me musk convinced me now partly the
reason he convinced me is he was right
about all the other stuff if he'd been
wrong about the other stuff then I might
say something like uh you maybe I'll go
the other way but I can feel this that
there will be a one-time Universal
change toward robots and AI so human
civilization will will only do this once
where we're building a superior
intellect that we hope will work with us
and not destroy us so to imagine there
could be 100 times gain in in efficiency
which would make basically free money
raining down on us forever if you add
Fusion to robots and AI you know um yeah
Fusion Energy which I think we'll get to
and or even if you assume that the
robots will be efficient at building new
solar plants and and gigafactories to
store the energy for night even if you
just assume that all that's going to
happen is the robots will build us more
energy you really could get to Universal
High
income I'm going to back him on this
prediction I think he's right about
it and if you think he's wrong about us
being a
simulation
again look at his track
record he might be wrong probably not
all right there's a report that a an
Iranian helicopter that allegedly
carried the president of Iran and his uh
leaders uh was lost in the fog lost in
the
fog oh wait there's an update uh now it
was uh it had a some kind of a hard
Landing a hard
Landing the cat is on the
roof now is there there should be an
update even since I started talking it
um but the comments are lagging here I'm
going to reboot uh these comments
because they seem to have
stopped let's see if this makes
difference there we go yeah the
helicopters on the roof all right I got
the comments back
all right is there any update on that
Iranian president
story uh Universal High inflation
maybe all right we'll wait on that one
but it does seem to me like Iran is
trying to
maybe soften the blow is it possible
they already know he's gone I don't know
we'll find out I think he's with Kate
Middleton all right um there is an
internal disagreement in Israel I guess
the uh defense minister whose name is
Galant which is just the greatest name
for a defense minister um he
wants let's see if I got this right he
wants Netanyahu to have a day after plan
in other words after the fighting is
done what do you do with the Gaza and
Netanyahu um all also wants a plan but I
think they have a different idea what it
looks like and it's not done so let's
see if I have this right give me some
fact checks here if I get it wrong I
think the Israeli defense minister wants
to put control of Gaza in the hands of
the Palestinian
Authority because Israel has managed to
coexist with the Palestinian Authority
and so maybe it just turns two problems
into one problem and maybe that's the
best you can do like in a practical
sense I don't know but I could see why
somebody would say well you know somehow
we've been
coexisting with everybody else you know
it's not easy but maybe we can make that
work and then I think Netanyahu is some
idea that's closer to getting a internet
a coalition of other Arab countries such
as Saudi Arabia and maybe Jordan or
somebody to help out administering
Gaza so I don't know that that would
work because then the gazin would not
feel like they had something close to
self-rule it would just feel like
instead of the Israelis it's some other
country ruling them so I don't know if
that would work but um it's not a
terrible
idea and then I saw Joel Paul Joel
poock for
Breitbart um I I don't know if he wrote
this in berter just posted it but um his
suggestion would be that uh and maybe
this is other people's suggestion as
well if you relocate half or more of
gaza's population to a new city on empty
land in the West Bank Run by the
Palestinian Authority so that would
agree with the defense minister and let
Israel Annex all of Gaza and admit its
remaining as residents as Citizens and
end the conflict now now that's
that's
interesting if you if you did half or
more of gaza's population move them to
the West Bank so maybe that part would
not be too controversial because it'd be
hard to move everybody back to Gaza
anytime soon it seems like it'd be
easier to build something on empty land
than it would be to you know
reconstitute Gaza because it's just so
destroyed at the moment so for practical
reasons it might make Mak sense to put
him somewhere nice in the West Bank
where things could get could get better
for them faster I guess that would be
the key you want to put them where
things could improve for them the
fastest the the non-militant
people um but do you think if
Israel
um uh annexed all or part of Gaza you
think that would
stand I know that'd be a tough one
so they're all hard
choices I guess that's the the bottom
line they're all hard
choices um helicopter has not been found
hold
on let look at uh one
thing got a little update
here uh Iran President helicopter did
crash so and not been found so I guess
uh we're I think we moved from uh it had
a hard Landing to it
crashed and has not been
found drones searching for it all right
I see a I see an article here I'm going
to click
on uh this is from Mario Nal the Drone
efforts halted oh due to fog uh two
hours since the helicopter carrying
Iran's president reportedly made a quote
hard hard Landing due to fog and no sign
of the helicopter
reported
huh um so my question would
be since we assume that the people on
the helicopter had cell
phones does that mean that there's
nobody who could use their cell phone or
the or it could have crashed where
there's no cell phone signal there must
be lots of places where there's no cell
phone
signal so but then there would also be
no
radio so there would have to be no radio
and no cell phone
signals if they're
alive so the only possibility would be
then uh I've got a helicopter question
to ask after this so if the helicopter's
radio doesn't work that that means
there's a physical problem
right uh does anybody know enough about
military stuff um oh here I've got
another
thing coming in let me see
this
um some of the president companions were
able to communicate with authorities
raising the hope of survivors oh that's
not good so if some of them were
communicating that seems to suggest that
there's um some of them couldn't right
there's no scenario in which some of
them would communicate unless you'd
heard from all of them I mean even if
the ones who could communicate simply
handed the phone to the people whose
phones weren't
working I I they're really telling us
the cat's on the roof
here how long is it going to take before
Israel gets blamed for
this
yeah I think they just W I think they
just waited for fog didn't they
they they
probably I mean the people are going to
speculate about the cause but if it was
actually
intentional somebody was smart enough to
rig
it um X reports he reportedly survived
and that he died so we're getting mixed
reports on social
media helicopters don't need to crash
for people to die well that's true
yeah I would think that a
helicopter
well yeah well know in 50
years same people who killed Kennedy
Kennedy it it does feel like maybe it
was the
fog if you have a situation where I
believe the story was that some of the
helicopters
self- grounded because the fog was too
bad so it's sounding like a Kobe Bryant
situation where maybe the pilot of one
of them got ordered to do it
anyway missile strikes don't leave cell
phones working that is
correct yeah that correct it does seem
to me that if anybody is alive had it
was a hard Landing that makes
sense why flying fog the same reason
that Kobe did there was somebody
important who said take a chance I'm
willing to take a chance and then so the
pilot wasn't able to say no could be
that all right tunnels
between yeah there are many tunnels
between Egypt and Gaza well Egypt tries
to close them I don't know how good they
are
it all right that's all I got for today
ladies and gentlemen I'm going to talk
to the locals people privately thanks
for all
joining and uh I'll see you tomorrow
same place but locals hanging with me
it's just going to be us here in a few
seconds and everybody else thanks for
joining bye for
now and and it doesn't work all right so
um remember the problem we had the other
day where the button doesn't work to
update the
stream we got that again so we are not
private everything I said Is A Lie
everybody's still here all right well
we're not private so it's not special 20
F so
far all right well thank you everybody
um I think I can turn off no maybe I
can't stop it at all I might have
problem ending this we'll see what
happens um locals I'll see you in the
man cave
tonight or
tomorrow oh it doesn't let me end it so
I so I've got that problem again where I
can't end these streams so I'm going to
have to go to them each individually and
end
them um so let's see if I can end locals
all
right locals is
gone let's see if I can close these
[Music]
individually all right I'm looking at
you Rumble
do I really not have a looks like I
don't have an option to
end that's
weird why to end the
stream all right let's try
this okay that didn't
work let's try this
okay that doesn't
work yeah all right well I don't know
how to end these streams so they might
run all
day
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e