hey everybody
we've just a very special coffee with
Scott Adams and as soon as you get in
here we're gonna do an introduction but
those who early you get the benefit of
this type of elicit and it goes like
this so you might see that behind me
dialing in and looks like we'll have
some little connections problems but
Hawk Newsom leader of black lives matter
New York Greater New York is here to
have a chat answer some of our questions
and see if we can move the world forward
a little bit let me give a little bit of
an introduction to hawk and then we'll
we'll start talking and walk correct me
if I say anything wrong about your bio
so you were born and grew up in the
Bronx right yes yeah you had you had two
parents who were both activists and
you've been an activist you were your
adult life well how would you how would
you describe the scope of your activism
what what's what's in and what's Allen
what do you what do you activate what
are you an active not work I just need I
try to fill it if it's injustice if it's
a problem in the community some folks
will reach out with problems that aren't
necessarily you know Colonel justice
related or even race it on related
relates racism some people just simply
need help
so my activism is is really just boots
on the ground community and helping
people where we get coverage for in the
media yes as mostly fighting against
police brutality are you know and and
things of that nature
but we pretty much what people call we
try to help out the best
I'm gonna see if I can turn down your
audio a little bit get a clearer signal
over here now you your your bio is
interesting I believe you were your
first a high school dropout but then you
got your GED and and actually got your
law degree so yes so you you work your
way up from a hard situation and you've
been quite honest about having that you
know sort of a rough past but one of the
things I like is when you describe
yourself your first word is almost
always Christian listening so now that
would be very compatible with the mostly
Trump supporting people that it would be
on this this podcast so so starting
there you've got a lot a lot in common
so you just you know many of you would
say Christian first I'm not a believer
but I love people who are because it
gives them a code of you know a code of
behavior that I consider highly
beneficial to the world so I'm very Pro
religion now now you're a leader of
black lives matter in the Greater New
York chapter for the people who don't
know much about the organization how how
similar are the the chapters and the
various voices coming out of black lives
matter is there is there a range or are
you pretty much on the same page all
over okay yeah I think so 400
organizations around the globe and and
how are how are the various
organizations funded or you could just
talk about your organization that how is
your chapter funded okay I'm just really
quickly this 38 organizations that a
part of the global network so most of
the people you see are in television
who out here doing work in these
different states are not part of the
official black plasmatic Network the
people who are doing the work are folks
were out here grass roots boots on the
ground getting it done now funding my
funding drum roll please mother funding
comes by way of PayPal and some people
just you know send us checks but we've
never received any monies over $10,000
and I know it a lot of folks are
thinking I'm never tested dying from
Soros ah most of my money comes from
friends friends of mine from law school
ah just people we encounter on average
donations are between 50 and $100 and a
lot of people who may have been will may
be watching this podcast they might have
helped out as well there's there's no
fairy godfather
these checks for us and and if somebody
wanted to donate
is there a URL or a place they would go
absolutely it's black lives matter
spelled out greater in wine.com
and just click the donate button or if
you're on PayPal PayPal you to donate to
the L M greater NY x real calm
all right great and this will be on
replay so people can play that back if
they missed it the first time now what
do you think about all of this kanye
west does it stuff does it does it feel
like there's some kind of a shift in the
universe
you know I've described it as maybe the
beginning of a golden age in general not
not just on the topic but do you feel
something in the air yes actually speak
to a lot of people from a lot of
different religious backgrounds and I
was on a phone with a woman named
Allison Charles she's like she's titled
rock star shaman and we were talking
about this hard shift occurring and
people who we consider light workers
like yourselves right you
she's trying to bring a message of light
unity into the world I have this feeling
that there's a shift coming because
right now our world is called our world
is divided our world is this is in a
really sad desolate place
but I believe that people who have love
in their heart are gonna come together
and really make this world would it
should be a place where people care
about each other okay scream a place
where people work together to actually
accomplish goals and come together to
help people so I see it I see it on the
horizon
Kanye West Kanye West I think he could
have did a better job of articulating it
to the black community but I think he's
on the right day some things obviously I
don't agree with slavery existed but um
am i what I think he would I think he
was saying was slaves when he said
slavery wasn't Joyce this is the way I
interpreted it right you saying his
slate should have revolted just like
people now should stand up now where he
was absolutely and unequivocally wrong
he was like he was lift themselves
up by the bootstraps that's kind of hard
when you're dealing with systemic racism
it's sub its achievable but there's a
lot keeping people in places Victarion
if I could go back to something there's
so much good stuff here that people are
gonna want to hear from you on uh can
you say let me ask you another question
about Kanye's message about your the the
mental prison and then his reference to
slavery now I heard somebody say well
with what he's saying is it lasted 400
years but do you think they could have
cut a few years off of that if they had
been willing to die for the change you
know obviously lots of people were
willing to die to try to get out of
slavery it's not like that wasn't a calm
thank us but as I understand but is
there is it even productive to talk
about the past like that do you feel
that even having that you know mental
model of slavery is that helping us in
2018 yes because this is an important
part of our history that we need to
address before we can move on because
when you see pictures of 911
right you'll see you'll read a tagline
says never forget when you see the
bombing of Hiroshima you see things you
say never forget but when it comes to
slavery people are like get over it you
know Oh
like let's stop harping on it that's
extremely problematic let me interrupt
for a second now when people when people
say that do you do you do you hear that
as trying to be helpful or trying to be
critics for the most part when people
tell us as a people to get over it you
find it as dismissive of your feelings
and if we're talking about this hardship
then we have to get in touch with our
feelings and most importantly we have to
listen to what the other person is
feeling we really have to listen and
understand the culture in our hearts to
people if we want to heal together yeah
I'm with you so so connect some dots for
it but I think the very hardest thing to
understand if you're not black is to
connect the dots between the history of
slavery and institutional racism can you
can you put it like a little little meat
on the bones of all of what the current
sort of I don't know baseline or
background you know institutional racism
is with some examples like somebody
tried to do this and couldn't you know
some problem happened in terms of like
real on the on the ground problems that
affect you a lie
put a little meat on that for us okay
I'd like to clear up something first
right people think that as an activist I
would always have problems with the
Republican Party
I have funds with the Democrats as well
there was actually a candidate who's
running for governor here in New York
named 60 Cynthia Nixon had made a very
ignorant comment earlier this week
she said that legalizing marijuana would
serve as a form of reparations to black
people okay we talked about reparations
you think the Jewish people who received
monies even though that wouldn't come
anywhere close to healing their pain on
the Native American the indigenous folks
they received running ah the Japanese
people who suffered under Hiroshima they
receive money black people never
received anything right now let me bring
this back to your point about slavery
cotton is what made America King right
that Dada industrialized us that's what
built the wealth of this Empire black
people provided free labor for that so
you hear about all of this wealth
accumulated all of these families and we
did this for free we suffered do it
we're talking about you heard the
stories of all families ripped apart you
know Scot what people don't realize is
Irish Americans Italian Americans they
could celebrate their history their
traditions their heritage they actually
have a heritage black people were
intentionally cut off from their
ceremonies you know it's one thing to be
captive is one thing to be enslaved but
all my ceremonies are are gods or you
know Christian but like our gods from
back in Africa all of that was taken
away from us
so often so I'll bring bring that
forward to how that affects you sort of
day-to-day like the party didn't example
for make it real for us
perfect example Starbucks people have
negative stereotypes about black people
they call the police and police help
these people with these racist
stereotypes out Yael just two days ago a
woman and an Ivy League school who was
studying turned off the lights in a
study lounge a white woman came into
that room and said you don't believe me
I'm calling the cops
wait first okay okay if you don't mind I
like to write like to break in because
if there are points where we might get
lost on something I don't want to go too
far all right would you say that's the
that the way let's say the folks were
treated as Starbucks though the story is
there a couple of customers were African
American who were asked to leave because
they were now purchasing something is
that the right story do I have that
right and and the the feeling is that
the store and then the police who came
were a little overzealous and that it
would be hard to attribute that to
anything but racism right that's the
feeling now how do you how do you know
what is the sort of legacy of slavery
that's that sort of crept into the the
current and how much is it the the brand
of African Americans in 2018 the meaning
that you have a higher crime rate which
does which influences people in the
current independent of anything that
came from slavery how do you sort that
out what is what it what are the things
that are sort of current versus the
things that came from the past yeah I
speak trolls to accept but if you just
look at the media you look at every time
they talk about black people is not
positive rights did the most readers
paint the same
it's always the blacks who are robbing
stealing and killing right we are the
young black people like the young woman
in my organization who won the Princeton
Chrysler for race relations
that's not a news story that's not what
you're conditioned to believe is okay
sometimes you know I feel like I feel
like the news is is a tool to make white
people feel safer living away from sight
people hurt nothing not in the same
neighborhood it's so one-sided all right
so I agree that you know whatever
whatever people see the most of they
think is true and the news is serving up
images that are that are painting a
picture that's negative but if you could
look say and just say the last six
months where we're feeling some kind of
a change of heart as you say would you
say that the Republican Party has been
doing a good job of trying to showcase
the positive african-american role
models you wouldn't you say that there's
a there's been even the news has
emphasized everything from you know
Oprah goodies what do you make of the
fact that when Oprah's name came up as
the possibility for president nearly a
hundred percent of the world said yeah
if she runs basically all she has to do
is decide to be President and she can
just walk into the job doesn't that I
mean that feels like a big deal doesn't
it yes but you have to keep in mind
Oprah is heart center right this is what
we're talking about people who lead with
their hearts Oprah is heart centered
she's helping people she's caring she's
compassionate she's understanding this
is what the world wants you know this is
what the world wants
I even changed a lot of the vernacular
in winner industries or what I'm
harnessing when I'm helping people I
stopped saying we are fighting for this
offense to that I say we are the mission
too
racism we are on a mission to a more
peaceful and just society I think us who
I had to forefront have to really lead
with our hearts so you took no your of
you're about to say something no I I'm
sorry I got you on black folks
personally don't think this I love you
know Kanye and Colin Kaepernick being
talked about but I'm all concerned with
regular people right I'm more concerned
with uniting regular people okay good I
just pause for a moment yeah one of the
issues that you correctly pointed out is
if you see a lot of examples of
african-american folks doing bad things
on the news you know it just makes you
bias but on the other hand if you see
you know positive coverage of Candis you
know I'm saying great things about you
all the time you know Kanye got a lot of
props from the Republican Party at least
you're seeing lots of like positive
examples of you know hugely successful
with black people in every field that
helps right Candis and Kanye are saying
some of it right Kanye Candice maybe
more so than Kanye black people have a
problem with right it's cool to talk
about pulling yourself up by the
bootstraps I'm bringing programs into
our communities to help people with just
that but you can't ignore institutional
racism you cannot attain ignore racism
no pressure when you talk about that
okay okay look let's get back to that
because I it seems to me that you know
what I'm seeing
you know I talking to mostly Trump
supporters is there's this this great
untapped resource of
people who would love to embrace you
know the black community into more the
Republican kind of way of thinking
because what a lot of things that you
say that Candace says are so compatible
with the folks who just say hey let's
believe in our God follow the
Constitution obey the law do everything
you can for yourself but here's the
point the Starbucks example could not be
more perfect for for me to highlight
what I think is is the remaining barrier
you know because like you said it feels
like the hearts are lining up correctly
on both sides like they're there feels
that they're it's like people are hard
ready but there's there's a
psychological block and this Starbucks
example is perfect because I think you
know that the the the white people
looking at that story are gonna say all
I see is somebody who broke the rules of
the store and we're asked to leave I
I don't perceive anything beyond that
now you would agree that they don't
forget about right or wrong they don't
perceive what you perceive right so they
it's not that they have a different
opinion of how to solve the problem they
actually literally in every scientific
sense it's invisible what what do you
make of that is it invisible because of
confirmation bias do you think it's it's
it's a willful ignorance
it's choosing to be ignorant to the
plight of sisters so for your Christian
brothers and sisters you're rich but me
when when let's say when white people
are looking at this story they're
putting their minds into the store
employees and they're saying okay if
that were me and anybody was breaking
the rule I would have done the same
thing now but and and how do we know
that's not true because they should
but well if you look at Starbucks
reaction I think they should put their
minds in this place what if that was my
kid who said who was waiting in
Starbucks
until his friend arrived so they could
buy some coffee and these people were
jerks to him and then call the police to
back up their Turkish miss if they look
if they said that was my kid my kid was
just waiting for his buddy
before they got a latte and they were
rude to him and then they call the
police and the police immediately took
the side of those employees they would
be really pissed at to store and at the
police department
all right now I think we're getting
somewhere now do you think that what
that different people could interpret
whether it was rude or just yeah they're
just not good employees yes because I
can tell you that as a white person who
deals with the more white service people
than than anything else that sometimes
they're rude to me how can i how would
if I were black and sometimes somebody
was rude to B how do I know it's just
not the employee they're just rude they
just have a rude manner how can I say
how can I ever know the difference
that's actually a really good way of the
way that the situation is handled as the
police everything called on you my
understanding is that once once the
employees and the customers who hadn't
bought anything yet
once they they got into it sort of
verbally probably that it was that that
caused the police to come I don't think
it was that they weren't buying anything
that caused the police to come it was
the interaction wasn't it okay the same
things happen in Waffle House a young
black woman
that's argument with employees she
wasn't being loud or high-rate she was
actually sitting in a chair and the
police were arguing with her telling her
you know whatever whatever and then they
slammed her down to the ground ripped
his shirt twisted her arm up said I'll
break your arm it's just black people
whether you people want to believe it or
not we are treated like animals like
we're treated like we are less than
human on a whole on a grand level people
businesses corporations and the police
treat us like we are less than people
look at it they say I don't see that
it's not about it's about what we feel
someone punches me in the face I don't
expect you to feel it it's my experience
right so I I explained this as the two
movies on one screen it doesn't matter
to you that I can't see your pain it
doesn't it doesn't your pain doesn't go
away because I can't see it absolutely
but there's but there's also a
legitimate question about why we can't
see it and and do you think the racism
is the only reason no I think to give
you an example I think probably the
audience is wondering this is our our
black police officers more or in any
different than white police officers or
any other kind of police officers in the
treatment to black suspects or citizens
that they've they've detained do you
notice that the black officers respond
differently or no interacting with
social media it would benefit them to
know out of college I worked at a
prosecutor's office
I was a paralegal prosecuted cases then
I was their liaison to the communities
and when I witnessed there was the black
and brown cops were working so hard to
prove to their superiors that they
weren't like us they were actually more
overzealous then the gray cops okay they
were policing us harder like we had just
placed call a complaint one where you
make an arrest
and never all was always filled up with
black and brown cops myself personally
and other black men that I know all
suppose our professional would be pulled
over and be like you know listen
brothers I'll try and explain it
immediately they would say I'm not your
brother
you lazy right yeah they had to
disassociate themselves for their
blackness and there's one console me and
the Dominican parade here in the city he
said listen I'm not black oh hello I
said yes until you take that uniform off
and then you're a blank just like the
rest of us all right so so that's
interesting so the black police officers
might try to overcompensate so they're
not accused of you know going too easy
right all right
so let me guess let me ask you the
sensitive questions like you're one of
the few people that I'd feel safe even
asking the question because I because I
know where you're coming from if police
officers stop a five foot six Asian guy
in a good car are they going to treat
him rough or not let's say compared to
somebody that they stop is black and why
not do you think there's a difference
and and what would be the source of that
difference would that be the legacy
stuff perceptions perceptions
perceptions of it habit that black
people are dangerous especially black
men but I challenge you I challenge
everyone viewing this to
when you drive in by a scene and someone
pulled over watch and see where the
officer has his hands if it's a black
person it's usually on the gun in the
vicinity and if it's a person of another
nationality they usually don't have
their hands on their consciousness we
don't get it I noticed I love that
observation but let me let me ask a
question do you think that that that
difference in treatment is based on
their a statistical likelihood that they
can't ignore in other words the number
of Asians in jail versus the number of
african-americans in jail just using
that as a proxy for you know likelihood
of crime if you don't know anything else
about the individual and you're trying
to stay alive do you think it's just the
crime rate differences right let's just
stay out of the weeds let me give you
this isn't every person innocent until
proven guilty right right isn't each
crime each person you encountered
different but you can't go to like
treating an entire race of people a
certain way based on these preconceived
beliefs well yeah all right yeah I think
we'd all we'd all agree that's where we
want to go I think that's a that's
probably the one thing that 100 percent
of all people agree on is that we'd like
to be treated according to the
Constitution according to the Bible you
know treated equally but I'm looking I'm
just wondering if you know if you know I
make up this at this non-existent
country called elbonia whenever I want
to do an example that's not about real
people but if the elbonian
is right what are the colors yeah I
don't know but the if the elbow nians
let's say they existed
and they had a very high crime rate
don't you expect the police would have
their hand on the gun when they came up
to the car even let's say the elbonian
czar all or all white I mean don't you
think the crime rate would be the
primary thing that it influences
somebody whose job is crime you can't
judge people based on their skin color
it's unconstitutional we need to deal
with the psychology of the police
officer but that's so so in my example
the elbow nians who are not a real
people I'm saying that they are white
but if they also had their easily
identifiable by their streams you know
ceremonial maths or whatever don't you
think the police would have their hands
on their gun just because of the crime
rate even if they were the same race as
the police officer I can't I don't like
breaking the rules to enforce the law so
the elbow needs to be so a bunch of bad
ball phones right but if it goes against
the Constitution and the law of the land
then the police cannot do it it's it's
racial profiling because it's profiling
and profiling is wrong it's just
absolutely wrong you know because if we
look at that example right the wave of
shootings across America these mass
shootings then America would be on high
alert for early twenties like this
should be some I don't know searches
ransom mass arrests or something crazy
of that nature because the people who
are going in and killing multiple people
in shooting up school
oh wait no so if we're gonna start you
know addressing these dangers these for
having these preconceived notions then
America will have to take on a new
approach to how they police young white
male because right now they're looking
like terrorists on American soil now let
me throw out an idea that I know is you
know matches and gasoline but I love the
fact that you'll even engage on this so
that this is why I just love you
personally because your your mind is
just delightful I I got pulled over by
the police not too long ago for speeding
and I went through the you know the the
procedures that people tell you to stay
safe which is immediately pulled over I
put my hands on the steering wheel so
they both could be seen I rolled down
yeah roll down the thing and you know
ask for permission to reach for my
wallet I I made eye contact I said you
know hello officer
you know what can i what can I do we
engaged in just friendly banter and I
believe that you know with any traffic
stop the police the policeman I assume
is gonna be a little bit on edge because
he doesn't know what he's getting yet
especially if it's a male if you stop a
male there's always a little higher
danger I would imagine and by the end of
that we were best friends and blow the
blood and I ended up getting a warning
now do you do you do you see do you see
any way in which you could separate the
cause of the problem which might be
racism and the place from the solution
to the problem which might be what the
black community itself does even though
it's unfair even though they didn't
cause the problem even though you're
just a you know citizen who did
absolutely nothing you just got pulled
over could the solution D and would you
be okay with that if the solution is
that black people simply acted in the
most innocent way would that make any
difference now
no wouldn't solve it because you know
that doesn't solve racism or anything
but would it help there is there's so
much to unpack here let's talk about
desperation let's talk about these
schools failing to educate our children
keep failing to keep our children into
these crime rates now for your question
police are trained to deal with people
who are uncooperative dealing with the
public that's their job there's
something called de-escalation they're
supposed to deescalate situations so
when people say if they didn't want to
kill they should not have resisted I'm
sorry you're wrong there are appropriate
levels of force to use there's a man
named des Morrow
our former football player I was choked
unconscious by the police department
once the footage was released this cop
was fired from his job and like
appropriate action was taken so well
right now we have to say is no yes
running from the police is against the
law
but the penalty for running from the
police is another charge it's not death
like this over conversation it's like a
kid spilling a parent drawing them out
of the window and you saying well that
kid shouldn't spill juice no in the case
of the the example you gave yes if that
I'm not familiar as much of the case but
if the football player had you know had
his figuratively speaking his hands on
the steering wheel and was saying hello
officers yeah what can I do for you or
was that effectively what he was doing
and he got roughed up anyway racist
people used the police as a weapon some
guys ran throw by them calling him
 that he followed them and they
got on the phone with the local police
department and said there's a black guy
waving a gun at us too followed us into
this parking lot police came started
hitting them saying where's the gun with
guns like I don't have a gun they
slammed him and put their hand over his
throat and choked him until he was
unconscious since this case went public
and I hope it was strategy on this since
this case went public the officers were
fired in all felony cases were dropped
see this is the problem there are people
out there who know how the police view
black people there black people do this
as well who know how to police view
black people and they use police as a
weapon against black people so that's
sort of similar to the case recently of
the young black man who was suspected of
breaking windows or something and he had
just a cell phone in his hand when they
found them and they shot him right is
that and and in both cases it sounds
like there's something in common which
is that even before the police showed up
they were expecting to encounter a
dangerous situation in both cases so so
they so they had potentially two biases
working one might have been racial but
one might have been they had been set up
for there's a dangerous situation come
and treat it like it is one so they had
you know two things going on at the same
time it's hard to unpack which is the
black thing and which is the you know
they believe there's a gun involved I
don't think this is what you see oh
maybe you should rewind that a little
bit and look at it and it's
full-spectrum I have a problem with the
way the police are governed if these
police were better trained they would
know how to tell the difference between
a cellphone and a weapon let's go after
the legislature let's change the rules
of the police play bride let's prosecute
cops who break the law these fixes not
going after them the regular cops on the
ground yes we do something wrong cinema
Jill but you have to go for legislative
change so so walk you're you're talking
to mostly the the law and order or
loving group and I'm pretty sure 100% of
the people listening to this believe
that cops that cross the line break the
law you know break their own policies
need to be you know dealt with quite
harshly because if you can't trust the
police you got a serious problem so I
think everybody's on the same page
are there specific pieces of legislation
that would help keep the police
accountable is there anything that's
floating around now that he died in the
police car after 17 minutes when she
screamed for his life 70 times officer I
can't believe I can't breathe officer
please help me
70 times he asked for help for oxygen in
17 minutes and a police officer who was
a veteran who was sitting two feet away
from him ignored him and he died in the
back of that police car the tragedy was
on that 15 minute drive he drove past
the hospital he talked to him snow
yeah and now the Andrews law would
require that if the suspect asks for
medical help that it
would be provided is that essentially
[Music]
it's actually all the books and a lot of
states but it's just not enforced oh
it's already on the books in a lot of
strengths but not enforced so is the
legislation sort of in the state
assemblies now it's that these are all
state state issues yeah hopefully we
pass them in enough states we could pass
them off federally that's test of the
rollers all right now now you know the
interesting thing here is that there is
so much in common between the the the
white Republican the white Republican
Trump supporters and everything you're
saying because there's I'm sure there's
no policemen whoever shot or had
somebody die in their custody who was
happy about it in other words a hundred
percent of the people who did these
terrible things you know the the
overzealous actions by your
interpretation not one of those people
wishes they did that like they they
would also treat it as a mistake don't
you think this is where I'm truly like
well hold on I have to see that don't
even though they haven't said the words
know you believe that they at least wish
for themselves that they weren't in
trouble
I mean they they wish the whole
situation has lawsuit against them
counsel have punched and kicked people
in the face who were sue so that I think
these people go on in murder folks so so
you have these people who are sick
there's some sick people who wear badges
so we can all admit that who hurt people
Leslie killed someone and then they got
away with murdering someone so yes I
believe it is dead sad about the whole
trial but if
had this type of evil and a person maybe
they're happy dates of the life
well even even independent of that let's
say that there are evil people who don't
feel like regular people but a hundred
percent of everybody talking about it
and experiencing this wishes that
wouldn't happen o Albia for different
reasons the cops maybe just didn't want
to get in trouble and you know lose
their career lose their lives or
whatever and you know the the victims
didn't want any of that so solution wise
andrews law being you know at least one
piece of this yes everybody's on the
same page yeah this is this is what I
keep seeing is that although we
sometimes disagree about what is the the
root cause of the problem there's almost
always agreement on what to do about it
and there's the will and the ability now
let me ask you this which is only a
slight change of topic it's related to
all this but why do why do the black
community why does the black community
give away its leverage by always voting
democrat when if they could at least
sometimes you know split their vote or
at least show that they're in play they
would have much more power but why do
black people give away their power when
the Republicans are just begging to help
and if they had legislation for example
that was let's say Pro you know
anti-crime or you know just compatible
with their their core values which is
don't treat anybody differently which is
a very Republican value why would the
black community give up so much leverage
ah this is something that I'm fighting
against right I'm not just saying folk
democrat or republican there's you know
I don't know Democratic socialists of
America there's the Green Party are
libertarian there's so many folks who
are out there right but I think most
people believe that the Republicans are
racist
and that's just effect and I know that
it might come as a shock to some of you
but it really shouldn't you look at
someone like Rudy Giuliani who raised
race warm on black and Latino men when
he was mayor of New York City for him to
be the presidential front-runner right
now I'm looking like wow this party does
not care about black people when you see
I'm just being factual when you see the
president saying that you know there
were good people on both sides I can't
let you get away with that one that's
the sort of a CNN lie when the project
when the president said there are good
people on both sides the both sides what
he was not referring to an tyfa on one
side and the racists with the tiki
torches on the other that was the CNN
interpretation he was referring to the
fact that the entire event was around
Confederate statues whether they should
stay or not there are good people who
say they should go away and he said
there are good people who say they
should stay now for racist reasons but
for historical reasons now you may know
that I'm anti statue I think that if you
have is something that's literally a
declaration and it's hot it's like the
most freaking offensive declaration you
could ever put up
take down the decoration well kind of
see what kind of what kind of public
decoration offends you know 3050 percent
of the entire Republic or whatever it is
yeah the country so let me let me just
finish this point but you do know that
white people hear that and say Oh both
sides of the statue question but when
CNN which is anti-trump reports it they
say oh they're saying the racist is good
when he was asked are you saying the
racists are good he said no I didn't say
in that so he clarified it as clearly as
you can but which you gotta understand I
was hit with a rock in my face there
were white supremacists there with guns
with weapons and some of them were
holding Trump signs right but but but
you understand that the people who were
explicitly racists the President of the
United States even if he held those
feelings in his heart which I don't
believe he does but he wouldn't go on
television and say yeah I'm with a guy
with a with the torches which honestly
do you believe that he intended to
publicly side in an unambiguous way with
racists versus my interpretation which
is there's people on both sides of the
[Music]
in the you're talking about was nineteen
seven what was the year Socrates around
Olympus some of my friends were arrested
in there all right so the the issue was
that the police believed that a group of
black young men were involved in some
horrible crimes which later they were
exonerated for but after Damon's jail
after they went on after they did time
and and privacy's and Trump of the time
ran a an ad the said they should be
maybe executed because they were they
were so bad now did he say anything
about them being black or did they did
the did Trump's and only talked about
the crimes see this is the problem right
yesterday this is a problem you were
calling for the execution of men and you
didn't know the facts of the case you
just acted out of here emotion now the
thing is you might be able to say how do
we know race played a part in it but
everybody in the city of New York knew
to disourage black teens run around they
said they were wiling out they were
called animals this was this was this
was racism like this was two sides of it
and it was all about race and Donald
Trump's without an ad calling for the
execution
I know some of these men some of these
men are really doing great work to help
in mass incarceration these big they
really made a positive out of a negative
but Donald Trump did this right you talk
about let me just back up when he did
that the police also believed it right
because that was the whole point of why
they were arrested and incarcerated so
this is this is why we talk about racism
and stereotypes the police wanted to
send those men away however there were
three other rapes and everybody feel
free to research this they think this
whole description this was a pattern
this was a pattern of several of the
race in that particular area and he nor
that and they lynched these black kids
yeah yeah I think clearly you know
things were far more what would you say
that things were worse than then they
now internal in terms of racism we're
about to say no I think I think now's a
little bit worse really things what the
use of social media is way easier for
people to spread their hate so in the
Central Park case that we're talking
about what the the basic idea is that
people would not all people involved
including Trump would not have jumped to
the conclusion that they were guilty had
they not been black or is it or is it
the the level of of how much they seem
to care about it that's the tell for
racism wait where do you see their
racism in like how is it expressed
exactly is that believing something that
isn't true or is it the level of their I
know their anger or emotions on it I
just ask people to be really honest with
themselves right when you hear that a
black person committed a crime or
they're accused of committing the crime
in this system it's like you and your
black you're guilty until proven
innocent you don't and that that that's
that's the way we look at things I'm not
I'm just talking to people for a real
common sense so I'm gonna perspective
this this is the way this country works
and I don't I'm not asking you to see it
the way I see it but I'm just asking you
to see it for what it is like we just
have to operate from a place of truth we
have to strip ourselves of these
protective mechanisms that would make us
say no it's not like that I don't think
like that we have to strip ourselves
from those layers and just see things
for what they are no expression call the
spade a spade
all right well I'm not gonna say that
but well let me let me pose this
interesting question because this puts
it in the frame I was talking about
persuasion and how how easily people can
be misled and see the wrong movie on
screen so we have a situation here in
which if you can say sides that the the
two points of view believe that the
other one is suffering something like an
illusion it you know I think that you
might say and stop me if I'm
characterizing you wrong that white
people are in sort of an illusion about
how bad things are
or about maybe how they themselves are
being influenced by their bias would
that be a fair characterization and
white people from my observation would
say that you're seeing racism where it
isn't or where it is at least isn't the
dominant theme there let's say everybody
agrees I think everybody agrees there's
some kind of baseline racism that's
that's just based on the fact that
people will use pattern recognition and
they're not good at it so if you think
you see a pattern sometimes you're right
sometimes you're wrong but you can't
really turn off the pattern recognition
the human brain is a pattern recognizing
machine and it doesn't go off the best
you can do is you can intellectualize it
away it's like ah it seems like this
pattern is true but I know it can't be
intellectually so I'm going to try to
treat it like it isn't so you would
agree that the basic problem is that
there are two sides that both think the
other one is suffering an illusion that
that would be fair right yes now what's
interesting is and the thing I like
about you in particular is as you that's
almost an unsolvable problem but you you
have been good at taking it end of the
weeds of the unsolvable you know you can
never ever solve the Starbucks question
because you're never going to convince
neither side will convince the other
that that they're the ones in the
hallucination right so if you can't
solve that in the weeds how do you take
it to a higher level and this is what I
love about you is that you kind of take
it up to love you know you take it up to
what's the legislation we can do that we
all agree on and we don't have to we
don't have to we don't have to settle
Starbucks we can you know do things that
give more opportunity
better lives for black folks that
changes your bias in the long run you
know the you know if if the
incarceration rate for black Americans
went down to zero and stayed there for
20 years
racism would take you know would change
a lot all right but and whether or not
you believe that was true you would
still want to improve the incarceration
rate you would still want to do all the
same things you do even if you were in
the wrong movie and so it turns out that
the solution we can often agree on you
know better education you know the
prison reform you know more
communication auto-ship programs yeah
entrepreneurship young right so what do
you think it's fair to say that the
Republicans could help you more than the
Democrats and it and if not why not
like right today and 2833 forget right
now if the Republicans were to do
something real right let's say hey you
know what I see this perception of black
people to pay the debt ceiling if
they're selling drugs I'm going to
implement financial literacy courses in
urban and underserved communities across
the country
Oh yo black and be smart when it comes
have a high financial IQ and they could
help themselves and help their
communities if Republicans were to take
real steps like Kanye West you know
Kanye West is awesome I love you ZZZ
music for really long times it's cool to
have him you know singing your praises
but do something real and real boots on
the ground and you will shame the
Democrats because then black America
will turn
looking at the Democrat to say hey
you've got a friend for so long why
haven't you done this a long time ago
so there are about three things I know
that are going on right now along those
lines one is Jared Kushner is working on
prison reform and and you know I
connected you to that effort
have you seen their details yet
okay so I've always seen what I saw in
the paper but there was there was talk
about it had something to do with if if
the prisoners would take certain types
of classes that would be useful in the
outside world in other words something
to rehabilitate themselves and train
themselves so they could be productive
later they would get time off of their
sentence did you hear anything like that
yeah some prisons by 46 percent when
they introduced a plan rich diet there's
a lot of food in these sodas but we are
ingesting in our communities that are
making us violence food justice is very
real
these days so so food as essentially
food as a drug because you're saying
that certain foods are making people
more violent what would be an example of
food that would program called
rejuvenation where we're bringing clean
food and mindfulness and meditation into
the projects I continue the stats on on
on the on on on on the prison where it
occurred at a little bit later but at a
glimpse there what the violence was
reduced by like 46 percent once they
change to diet and another 15% less they
introduced us supplement and when we
talk about food injustice we're talking
about fast food companies okay I'm gonna
make your viewers real happy right
there are fast food companies and
beverage companies that run tests and
put addictive chemicals into these foods
and they send them into black Trudy's
not only black communities but poor
white communities to get these folks
hooked on food literally hooked on food
and then we turn around and we say look
it's your fault you're fat you're obese
no they're literally hooking people on
food now Pepsi call up coca-cola they're
doing it right and they're paying off
the n-double-a-cp sorta n-double-a-cp
won't even call them out for it Wow now
this is mind-blowing because I hadn't
heard this before but you know I'm I'm
big I'm a big proponent of good
nutrition for all of the right reasons
including attitude and and behavior and
while I've never seen that connection
between food and was an aggressive
behavior in general respect yes yeah
that is fascinating and I wouldn't I
wouldn't doubt it it a bit I'd like to
see more about that yeah tell me more
about that later you offline it will but
I love I love that kind of solution
because nobody disagrees with a good
nutrition
except the lobbyists etc now when you're
talking about addictive chemicals it
turns out that the addictive chemicals
are just getting the right balance of
salty sugar and fat there's a book with
that title I think salt sugar fat in
which the whole story of how they the
the food scientists have figured out the
right you a golden combination that
actually causes addiction and that a
tremendous amount of our health care
problems behavior problems crime
problems are in fact all related to that
one fact that a scientist one day
discovered that you could addicting by
getting the right mix of these
three three items that is really
interesting now that is exactly the kind
you know I would need to know more about
this of course without committing but in
concept
that's exactly the kind of thing that
you could make progress and and you can
make a big difference because nobody's
going to disagree with good nutrition
you know they might disagree with that
again it but I love that I love that
approach you know find the places that
you can you can agree now people have
asked me a little bit about the topic of
reparations and you know it would be
easy to skip that one because that's
just so incendiary but I've written on
the topic I think you know you've seen
my writing on the topic okay
so I've made the following point which
is because the the legacy of slavery
doesn't really ever leave you know we
can't really forget it we wouldn't want
to and it does have a lingering effect
you know some some would say it's real
some would say it's psychological I say
there's psychological is real so that's
not as big a difference as you as you
think and that I I floated the following
idea that if you did a special tax only
on the top one percent you know the top
one percent of earners and you use that
for let's say a twenty five years of
free college and or technical to
whatever kind of training vocational
training for African Americans under
below a certain income so you wouldn't
give it to rich African Americans but
they just say re for 25 years we're
going to try to level up and education
is the way to do it you there will not
be a financial limit you just have to
work hard you now have a path after 25
years you say you know if we couldn't do
it in a generation and a half you know
maybe there's some other problem we need
to work on now the reason that I would
limit that to a tax on the top one
percent is that they uniquely benefit by
helping the the most disadvantaged part
of society so they're the ones who get
new people to were trained to work in
their factories they're the people who
don't have to pay
higher taxes for social services so with
the only when the top 1% for them it's
more like an investment right you
wouldn't tax the middle class because
that's just the cost right they're not
getting anything back as directly but
the rich get it back so that was my idea
now when you talked about I think it was
a forget her first name Nixon now my
understanding is that her idea was to
put a special tax on legalized marijuana
and then use those funds to to pay for
reparations under the connection that
the drug laws have historically been so
anti you know anti black you know in the
way they've been enforced that there's
sort of a poetic justice in using that
sort of source of money for some amount
of time and call it reparations and it's
kind of like free money because you
don't need to do you know you don't need
to smoke marijuana and it hasn't been
taxed so much in the past and feels like
it you know makes sense for me then
people really need to look to the core
of this problem Jewish people received
reparation victims in herre Hiroshima
received reparations ah
japanese-americans who were interned in
this country received reparations that's
it Native Americans indigenous people
receive reparation under God I didn't
know about native native lands they have
two casinos that's near for yeah I'm not
sure you can although reparations when
you say will only take 98 percent of
your land yes zero zero zero we were
supposed to get it you know
mason's anguish there have been so many
people who advocated for it but we never
received anything and I don't think this
is a topic that can be trivialized I
think that if he will gonna talk about
reparations it should be a real serious
[Applause]
conversation and I think if we're going
that route and I think we should be
given land right I think we should all
in the land and we're living on that way
we can have businesses within our
communities that we own and then black
dollars can circulate into black
communities my view my vision of the
african-american community is not this
far fetch vision it just looks like
black people owning their land
controlling the schools and their
neighborhoods and owning businesses it's
a completely self-sustaining communities
it does business with everyone no no I I
think I think most people like the
vision you're just describing which is
you know everybody does well and the
black communities as well but it's sort
of like the how to get there now the
education as an emphasis is something
that I think would be easier to go down
on other people who had to do the paying
but it also it also guarantees that if
you're black and you get land or you get
a business then it will be successful
and you can keep it it seems to be that
if you just you know I don't think it's
practical in any way but just yeah as a
mental experiment if you just gifted
land to every black citizen of the
United States they'd still need a job to
pay the property taxes they still need
to know how to run a business it seems
like education is first don't you think
black soon have to know how we'll come
in and buy their land and it would just
work you know there's enough people who
are
where we can maintain this commune look
at Jewish community sky like they've
mastered this and no one's accusing them
all wrong there they are
but what I'm saying is they've done
fixed they've done this in Nashville
able to maintain relationships with the
outside world other people still living
in communities they're self-sufficient
that's all it does but but when you say
that the success of Jewish Americans is
almost entirely based on education and
staying out of jail I don't think your
formal education is now grant granted I
have a law degree right so I'm not
discounting relation I'm not discounting
education as a whole but I don't I don't
think that education is the owner right
I think it's a great way but I think
there are people which trade skills yeah
let me let me get you out of trouble a
little bit you you fell into a little
trouble there but I don't think you
noticed when you said business acumen in
relationship to the Jewish community you
mean that it was in a cultural sense not
a not a genetic sense right you know
certain programs in the communities do
that that have meant to strengthen them
economically economically and things of
that nature but um now it's not genetics
it's just folks knowing how to do
business and working with one another
you know and learning how to corner
certain markets like they've done a real
good job at it
people could do the same thing so I've
got a book called had a failed almost
everything and still win Bergen it was
written for people who were age you know
late teens early early 20s is sort of
the sweet spot where it would teach them
essentially a strategy for success you
know I teach about layering your talents
together so that you don't have to be
the best of anything but you've got the
right combination and so on so it's so
it actually covers everything from
eating right - you know staying out of
trouble and I've often thought that that
should be a class you know if that book
were available to you know
african-americans when they're 14 based
on based on the you know feedback I get
it's changing lives because it gives
them a way to proceed that doesn't
require you to be rich you know it's
excess it's a strategy that you could
take advantage of of what you have as
opposed to you know being stopped by
what you don't have essentially yeah I
love that you have to get off this call
to join the protest and go get arrested
again
but what let lets let's leave off on a
quick high point thank you so much for
sharing your your time I think everybody
here appreciates the the communication I
think there's a a friendly disagreement
a lot of points but people understand
you know where you're coming from I
think that you are willingness to even
talk to us which has been you know your
history you're willing to talk to
everybody yeah you were you were Kanye
before Kanye and was willing to you know
to talk to the people who who can help
you all right that's the important part
you're talking to the people who can
help you as support as opposed to the
people who can who already agree with
you which puts you on a whole other
level I think with with leave it all
right I know you gotta run we'll talk
again and I'll talk to you privately
later and
have a great time walk all right love
you brother love to everyone who's
watching remember leading get there
quicker faster and sooner together
god bless I love it Thanks all right now
I know you've got I've got the the
appreciators and the haters on here how
did you like
let's give me your opinion on the
conversation was this useful or not so
don't don't judge the people or the
specific ideas but what's the
conversation good was this something
you'd like to see more of we'll wait for
some comments go bite so we can catch up
with them all right so it looks like
enough people enjoyed this to stay on
here for a long time so I would say that
the the key takeaways from this are that
you you can see how easy it would be to
work with hawk because even if you
completely disagree on what's happening
you know in Starbucks that one time or
what happened with the the police who
stopped that with that guy that one time
it kind of doesn't matter if you're
disagreeing on the details or what
people were thinking because the
solutions end up being very very similar
no matter what you thought was the
problem you know training the police
better you know having a few new
regulations that are enforced that are
already on the books everybody would
agree with that stuff better education
training training african-americans -
yeah better strategies young and manage
money better all things we could agree
on so we can disagree violently on some
of the details but don't lose sight of
the fact that the solutions are pretty
similar and there's a lot to work with
and if the black community decides to
find a productive partner with the
Republicans with with Trump with the
folks who have the power
the money there's just a lot that can be
done there and I think the Republicans
are very willing to do it
and they just need to know how you know
just just show us what to do and make
your case that it would be productive
and we're in alright
that's that's all for today and I'll
talk to you later