hey everybody come on in do you ever
have one of those days when all the
little stuff just doesn't seem to work
right well having one of those but I'm
gonna be out of it soon
watch this if that printer makes a noise
now print print
well let me tell you what kind of a day
is bad do you have these days where
every little thing doesn't work I I had
this weird day where everything that was
big and important worked really well
today so on all the big parts of my life
sort of a crazy good day but every
little thing didn't work you know every
device didn't work didn't have a battery
the printers not working neither
computers working I'm trying to print
out some notes I was just having some
popcorn with Christina and it was like
we popped this corn and the special
little popper and I'm like really
looking forward to it and the popcorn
goes on the floor and I'm thinking what
are those days but it won't last have
you noticed that you get in those you
have those days when you are not relaxed
so watch this correlation this will be
the freakiest thing you've ever heard
right now right now when you hear it it
won't be freaky when you first hear it
maybe but eventually you're gonna have a
moment when you think back to it and
it's gonna go like this when your
environment is not is not conforming to
you you know every little thing doesn't
work is that a place is just off one
it's out of paper the battery's gone the
car is out of gas and all he said once
it always happens when you're in a
certain frame of mind and that frame of
mind is if you're tense when you're
tense everything goes wrong
now ask yourself this after you've
watched there for a few years this will
take a few years to sink in after you've
watched it for a few years
ask yourself if you're making it happen
now when I say make it happen I don't
necessarily mean at the the real level
of reality but maybe the the bubble that
you put around yourself can either be a
happy one or not happy maybe you maybe
you just always have the same amount of
problems and you just don't notice have
you ever noticed that you have the same
amount of problems but sometimes they
don't bother you sometimes you just put
paper in the printer sometimes you just
put gas in the car go on with your day
so ask yourself how much of it are you
bringing on yourself all right we got a
bunch of cool things to talk about how
many of you saw my obnoxious posting
that I just did let's put something in
front of this light there we go much
better so I posted a picture of Snickers
on Twitter and there's more to this
story so that's the fun part it'll lead
them to something else so the picture
shows me reaching down to pet Snickers
and you may have seen that there was
sort of a big reaction to it and of
course that was some more planned so
there are two elements of this picture
besides Snickers who's popular there are
two elements of it that tell a story one
is that people quite rightly said hey
are you really showing that because
you're armless looks muscular in the
picture and the answer is yes the second
part of that is hey are you sort of
humble bragging because you have an
elevator in your house and you took the
picture at the elevator and the answer
is I didn't really think about that that
was just where the lighting was good but
I didn't think it was a problem now
here's what you want to learn from this
if you want to build a following on
Twitter or if you're in some creative
world or even if you're in the business
world the person who stands out is the
one who gets all the attention
what our and let me tie this to another
point about ego now knowing that I would
be mocked for putting that there was it
worth it because I knew that people
would say hey you you arrogant whatever
are you just bragging because you you
were working out during the coronavirus
now since I knew that it would be that
kind of reaction and the trolls would be
all over me and they'd mock me and
they'd say bad things about you know my
fiance everything that actually happened
and of course I knew that would happen
why did I do it so why did I do it if I
knew it was going to get people worked
up and people would be like a little
jealous that I have an elevator and they
might be you know you think you're so
arrogant and the answer is the answer is
because it works it's a little bit of
wrong so dr. Carmen Simon I talk about
her sometimes she's an expert on memory
if you want somebody to remember you or
to remember your PowerPoint slides or to
remember anything about you or to
remember your product to remember just
anything the only way to do that is
novelty and the best kind of novelty is
when somebody processes something as a
little bit wrong but not so wrong they
have to do something about it so when
when people saw that picture there was
it was very much designed so that would
people say this is bothering me a little
bit and I don't know why I don't know
that this was really appropriate for him
to do that is he is he trying to make me
think that he's showing the muscle or is
he trying to make me think that it's
accidental
so I created a situation with this
picture entirely intentionally in which
you would have many questions and it
just you know brings energy my way now
there are three people that I want you
to consider and I'm going to give you a
strange thought one is me
one it is President Trump and the other
is Mike certain I like using Mike
for lots of examples he fits into lots
of examples for some reason and think
about what if you were to think of the
three of us what qualities would you
imagine we have in common now I'm not
looking for compliments like blah blah
they're looking for a negative quality
what what seemingly negative quality
would be coming to me President Trump
and Mike sort of itch now no positive
qualities obnoxious good you're going in
the right direction
ego arrogance brag a lot good abrasive
bragging braggarts
ego cocky that's the word I was looking
for so all of those words were in that
that that same general alright so I
guess I shouldn't have been worried that
you wouldn't know what I was talking
about I guess I didn't have to worry
that you wouldn't know what we have in
common all right here's the here's the
kicker I would propose to you that when
you look at the three of us or
individually and you say there there's a
show-off there's somebody who has an ego
problem or there's something wrong with
their ego or they need to feed their ego
or they have thin skin I would suggest
to you that is exactly the opposite and
that what the three of us really have in
common is we can do any thing in
the world right in front of you and we
don't care that's what we have in common
and that is exactly the opposite of an
ego an ego would have prevented you from
doing the picture I just talked about
because you would have said to yourself
Oh somebody's gonna think I'm kind of a
douche did that stop being it did not it
did not because I wasn't worried about
what anybody thought of me because it's
not an ego thing so I would say that
in CERN of itch and I operate on almost
an an energy level which is if you can
move energy where you want it that's all
you needed to do if you're worried about
the details you're worried about the
wrong stuff and that and that when you
see somebody who can embarrass
themselves in front of you time after
time after time do you think that Trump
is worried about being embarrassed I
mean he he does more more things that
bring him more scorn and criticism than
anybody you've ever seen in your entire
life he seems to be able to brush it off
now you say to yourself but Scott there
is so much reporting the president Trump
is thin-skinned and it really gets gets
in his head and when he gets criticized
he's really angry and stuff really who
is it who's inside his head who knows
that let me give you an alternate
explanation for everything you see with
Trump he's competitive explains every
observation if you're competitive and
you have a bad day let's say the bad day
is you have bad headlines so the news
didn't go your way if you're simply
competitive how do you feel about it
pretty worked up you might swear you
might get angry you might raise your
game it might be part of like building
yourself up to perform better but a
competitor gets angry about being behind
on the score is that ego is a ego to be
competitive and say alright but this is
the game if we're all competitive than
you have capitalism if we're all
competitive if you have you know a
democratic system there's nothing wrong
with being competitive I even tell my I
even tell the leaders of other countries
you should be competitive because I'm
going to be competitive so if you listen
to the way Trump talks about competition
it's very clear that he sees things as
competition which is a very different
model then my ego has been damaged my
god on thin-skinned
I must lash out that's just that's just
the CNN MSNBC you know baloney story so
I would suggest to you that being able
to take great deal of criticism is sort
of a superpower and that I am fully
aware that some I don't know large
percentage of the people watching this
just got really turned off by me doesn't
matter
no because I would prefer especially
since this is an entertainment medium
that the that whatever energy that
created I prefer the energy so few
people loved it right I'll bet a few of
you loved it when you heard me twist the
ego thing around to just competition
somebody you said oh that's not for me I
don't get this guy totally good trade
off because I'll always take the the
positive energy let the negative energy
do elsewhere let me talk about some
people who are really getting the talent
stack thing right lately if you haven't
watched if you're not watching dan
bungee know this week oh my god you're
missing the show
oh so Dan bungee no of course I would
say one of the one of if not the most
capable person for explaining everything
about the you know the legalities and
the ins and outs of the Obama gate you
know Russia collusion etc but because
you but because events have gone his way
it's especially good and today I saw it
today I don't know I think Iran today I
won't give away his latest thing but he
sounded discrepancy in this whole
unmasking thing that you have to hear
now he doesn't yet have nor does anybody
I think have the the direct evidence
like the thaw thing but man he's so
close he's so close that he can see it
and smell it and he's sort of a predator
you know I think some people are just
predators and because he's so close to
his prey that he's been you
he's basically you know stalking this
prey for what three years or something
and you can see his eyes are gigantic
because he's almost there it's almost
there anyway what I wanted to say is Dan
buns you know impresses me on a whole
bunch of levels but the main one is that
he's he's it's clear from just
observation I think you'll agree with us
that he's built a talent stack that's
ridiculous because he isn't just you
know good on TV he's you know he's
obviously into fitness and stuff so it
keeps his energy high he knows how to
you know be fit it gives him charisma
gives him gives him everything you need
on TV you know you could obviously you
can see he's learning like politics he's
added that on top of his analysis of you
police enforcement and how the
government works and stuff he's just
watching it layering he's just layering
skill on top of skill you just see him
doing it in real time and you and I just
go well that's exactly how you do it
like if you want to be something in this
world and I take he does you say to
yourself what's it cost I've told you
this before the best advice you'll ever
get something I heard from some rich guy
can't remember his name you said that if
you want to be successful find out the
price and then pay it now you think to
yourself well can it be that easy no the
hard part is paying it that's the hard
part
it's easy to know what to do the hard
part is doing it but apparently did but
you know can do it because it doesn't
seem to be too hard for him to just keep
building those skills on top of skills
on top of skills so it's just it's a
pleasure to watch honestly now if you
were to pick if you were to say what was
the one thing that Dan bungee who does
better than anybody else
that's the magic nothing the magic is
nothing but you put together that
combination and who could do who could
do the show that he did today maybe
nobody maybe nobody I mean Hannity's the
energies got an incredible talent stack
as well but he's sort of a
different vibe so he found a way to make
himself special make himself provocative
build skills BAM let's talk about Cayley
mcaveeney Cayley mackaninee I can never
remember her name she's go to those
names that sounds too much like other
things that I have to really go through
my categorization in my head where I
store names I go oh that's one of those
it's one of those was spelled
differently which boxes I put that in
and then I have to reassemble her name
every time I try to think of her so she
should change her name that's my advice
so is it my imagination or is she just
next-level I'm alright
have you have you watched her first
several appearances now I don't think
Trump has ever made it better higher
than that you know it took him a while
to narrow down and by the way I think I
thought all of his prior press
secretaries were great like I know Sarah
Sanders great I thought they were all
great I didn't have a problem with him
but she's a little bit next level and I
was trying to figure out exactly why and
I think it comes back to the talent
stack because if you're trying to look
for that one thing that she has again I
don't know is there I don't think
there's one thing that she's the best at
but man did she put together a package
of individual talents the one I haven't
seen before
is she has some kind of level of super
preparation and organization so she's
got some kind of a I don't know a a book
of talking points or something except
instead of being dumb talking points
it's like kill shot after a kill shot I
normally they have just talking points
well the president sure loves the
country he loves the country yes he does
and anything you say that says the
president does love the country well
that's the faint news because he loves
the country you know it's just you just
think it's a bunch of nothing but I feel
like every word that comes out of her
mouth like lands like a dagger
Wow that's not the sound of a dagger but
I sort of combined a angry cat and a
dagger so if you imagine a dagger that
sounds like an angry cat I forget it but
the point is and and I was also looking
for technique so aside from the fact
that she's so organized that when you
can see the question is asked and you
see this twinkle in her eye and then she
turns the page and you know what's
coming like she's she's created a
pattern now it's like that there I swear
that I think the reporters get afraid
when they see this I'll try to for those
of you who are watching on video I'll
try to do it she'll be there waiting for
the question
yeah just smiling and then then she'll
hear the question and she'll know it's
one of the ones that she's got five
zingers for it or prepared book and you
see this this is just a little smile and
then she looks dead in a book
she turns one page and that's the funny
part she never turns two pages she's
always one page away from five kill
shots and she just looks at you and
she'll and then she looks down and you
know it's gonna be it's gonna be five
minutes of pain for the press because
she was just she's just slaughtering
them it's just not even fair and and the
thing that well what was the thing she
did today well the thing that she did
today was was brilliant was so of course
Trump gets blame for not being prepared
enough and you know gosh darn the Obama
administration left a whole detailed
plan of what to do in a pandemic and
it's all chaos and you know blah blah
blah so Kael immaculately he goes out
there and instead of doing this which
you'd expect what you're expecting us
she'd say no we did pretty well we
actually performed well look at our
ventilators like that's the normal thing
right you just say no it wasn't that
chaotic we did really well here's here's
so several examples no she doesn't do
that she says yeah we cleaned up Obama's
mess what
what she completely reframes it and to
them cleaning up his mess now if that's
all she had said without being able to
back it up I would have said all right
that's just sort of a clever framing
that's it's not that clever right
it's just that but she backs it up with
this she talks about the supply chain
now that's strong because the supply
chain basically was the whole problem
not only was it the problem getting the
the PPE and and meds and everything else
but it highlighted a problem with China
just the whole China relationship so you
know Obama not only was behind whatever
was not good about the China
relationship according to you know the
Trump administration but also clearly
the bad guy in terms of the supply chain
and our inability to get what we did so
so instead of just defending that oh it
wasn't that chaotic we got you all kinds
of ventilators and stuff you know
everything was fine she goes full out we
had to clean up Obama's mess and then
when you think you can't possibly
support a claim that outrageous she says
look at the supply chain and you go yeah
that was bigger than everything else if
you added up everything that the Trump
administration did wrong if you took it
all add it all up and multiplied it by
ten it doesn't really come close to
equaling the massive of the
supply chain being in China I mean
there's nothing that's really sort of it
sort of like that that's that's
fundamental so the fact that nobody had
been able to pull that framing out yet
until she popped it out so this is what
here's the bottom line
generally when the press secretary for
the president makes news isn't it
usually the reporter who's making news
right because the reporter gets the
trick question in and then you know
there's the awkward answer or the non
answer or then the
reporter doesn't a little star turn and
everything so the press the the whole
press event is supposed to be according
to the reporters an event an event for
them to shine and southern killing back
in AD has turned it into an event for
that for her to slaughter them on camera
while we're all watching I mean she's
basically turned that whole audience
into a wet market I have a button the
first person who ever said that because
pretty proud of that
anyway so the the the president has made
two incredible hires recently one is you
know Grinnell ambassador of Grinnell as
Acting DNI and the other is his new his
new Spock's so he's really on a roll for
some of that stuff let me ask you do you
believe I talked this morning about
Sorento therapeutics saying that they
have literally a cure for a corona virus
and my thinking at the time I explained
this morning was that no CEO of a
company that recently turned down a
billion-dollar offer so must be
something to the company no CEO in that
position would tell such a bold lie to
the public and basically risk everything
unless he thought it was true but you
should do your homework on that company
because let's just say I don't own that
stock anymore
now it's not because I have any specific
reason to distrust them but after yeah
after owning the stock for a few hours
and looking at it go up I said to myself
do I want this free money which is
laying on this table or do I want to
find out in a few weeks that this wasn't
quite what I thought it was because if
you were to look at the big picture and
say okay how often are things not the
way you think that they should be or
they don't turn out the way that you
hope well it's most of the time isn't it
sort of most of the time things don't
work out right so anyway I got out of
that stock
don't take any advice from me
I'm financial stuff I'm just giving you
full disclosure because I mentioned it
this morning I think it would be fair to
say that what do you think about these
Trump vaccines and they're gonna deliver
them with the military they got a great
name project warp-speed here's the
here's the thing I like best about the
plan I do like that it's sort of a
Manhattan Project for vaccines because
doesn't that feel right you know as of
everybody been saying since the
beginning whenever there's a crisis
somebody says well let's do a Manhattan
Project of something I'm sure there's a
Manhattan Project that will fix
everything and there's something about
knowing there's a Manhattan Project that
makes you feel like you're getting some
progress right so so Chuck does this
Manhattan Project project called Project
warp-speed where they're gonna you know
the government is really going to go in
and make sure that the vaccines are
produced in volume even before they know
they're tested and they work so pretty
impressive but here's the best part
the best part is that the president has
if this works you know and I I'm a
little skeptical that we'll have any
kind of a working vaccine that quickly
but let's say it does if it does what
he's got lined up is that the military
in his words it's gonna use every plane
plane and truck and I don't know boat or
whatever to deliver it so he's got the
military lined up to just like blanket
the country with the vaccine now there
are probably other ways to deliver
vaccine wouldn't you say
probably other ways to do that like
FedEx can get it to you tomorrow
can't they I mean it can't be that hard
to deliver a lot of vaccine with just
our normal existing things but yeah
you're ahead of me you're ahead of me
what does the country need more than
that like what would be cooler than the
military delivering the frickin vaccines
I don't care what that costs like you
know that's the sort of thing where I'd
say to myself shall we price that out
because you know FedEx is pretty
reasonable too and but in this case no
no we should not price that out
the military needs to deliver this it's
just so perfect it's just so perfect I
don't know what they think of it if they
don't like it then I'll change my mind
but I do love how I do love that visual
if it's good for the country it's just
good for the country
suicide is down in Japan remember I
predicted the what I call the Cheryl
theory you know Cheryl's law that when
there's anything that's just a big
change people pause what they were gonna
do anyway and I and I thought that if
the lockdown was brief you might
actually see a reduction in suicides
obviously the longer it goes that's
gonna reverse and I'm sure we've gone
long enough now that there's probably a
crossover point we're probably passed
unfortunately but in Japan suicides went
down and I think I'm the only person who
predicted it was even possible so we'll
see if that holds in the United States
there's too many things that are
different but it would be worth looking
at so I was thinking of zooming instead
of periscoping I think I can do that
right I think I can zoom and it still
still goes to periscope I have to look
into that because what I want to do is
some split window stuff and I'm not sure
if we're there yet
all right those were the comments I was
planning to make and what do I think in
the LA mayor you know I don't think he's
killing it I don't think he's killing it
you know I don't live in Southern
California so I'm not closer to that
situation anybody have any questions
anything else you'd like to oh I'm sorry
I promised you something and I didn't
deliver so let me deliver
I promise to tell you why in a tweet I
said that tonight I would tell you why
even ugly music musicians have groupies
now the obvious answer why I'm ugly
let's say ugly male male musician just
to keep the visual now obviously they
might be successful and rich and
talented and those things would would
appeal to people but there's something
else I figured out that in the process
of playing drums now I've talked to you
a lot about how when you add talents to
your talent stack sometimes the talents
will have some weird intersection that
opens up a door and you can see
something clearly that you wouldn't have
seen if you had one talent to the other
but when you mash them together it's
like oh you put these two together what
am I saying
and what the two that I put together
intentionally is you know are no
persuasion and I know what persuades and
one of the big elements of persuasion
one of the biggest by far is pacing and
leaving pacing meaning matching your
bodily your bodily rhythms your your
breathing your emotion your posture
matching you in any way matching the way
you talk so you pay somebody that way
just match them and then they more
easily can be influenced because once
they get comfortable with your same
rhythm then you can sort of lead them
that's the pacing and leading and that's
what music is so music basically is the
musician is pacing the audience until he
can lead and once he could lead well
your defenses are down and the the
groupies and the groupies are coming so
my my insight here if obviously it does
make a difference that they're famous
and talented and whatever so those
things are attractive as well but I'm
pretty sure that there's something about
the music itself that makes musicians
uniquely attractive to people because
they've been pasted now here's the gears
of the trick it's it's the same problem
with you know hypnosis as it is with
music you have to first match people but
how do you match
all kinds of different people who are in
different moods and different modes well
the beauty of it is that now we have
music that people self-select so people
are selecting music that already matches
their mode their mood or maybe one that
they want to get into so people are
already pacing with the music they do
that themselves and if you were let's
say a DJ and you're reading the crowd
you would want to start out with what
what kind of music feels like the mood
of the crowd if you can hit it then you
can take it to the next level so the DJ
is trying to match you with your rhythms
and your beats and your moods and the
vibe and then once once you've been
matched then he can take you to a higher
level and that's you know a successful
show
so that was an insight that would not
have had except for the marriage of the
the fact that I'm learning drums now and
and when I'm feeling the the beat and
the pattern I'm thinking to myself hey
this is just persuasion it's all just
pacing and leading and you know it's
it's clear when you've studied
persuasion you should do group hypnosis
somebody says you know it doesn't work
as well it does you can do a little bit
but because everybody is in a different
place
hypnotizing a group is kind of hard the
only thing you can do that it works is
relaxation I would say you can get a
group to relax all at the same time do I
have musical rhythm I'm trying to find
that out I would say there's no
indication of it there's no indication
that I have rhythm but when I use my
metronome and I you know if I pay
attention I can match it perfectly but
how hard is that I mean everybody could
do that I think somebody says I'm stuck
on the toilet
can you help I can so what you want to
do is make sure you've got a nice seal
and then flush and that'll cause a
suction action that once it reverses
will
was higher-pressure papi right off
that's worth a try someone who was
saying Starbucks is not taking cash I
would imagine that's true I can't
imagine anybody will be taking cash
pretty soon do I dance like a lane
pretty much do I know Anthony cools I do
not is Elon Musk a master persuader
totally yeah he's his own thing I don't
think that he would conform to a lot of
a lot of the base technique that I
talked about but he's yeah he's
operating on another level then the
military will deliver the kill shot very
good I'll give you credit for that all
right that's all we got from now I'm
going to go do something else and I hope
that you have an amazing amazing day and
I'll talk to you soon