bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum hey
everybody get in here let me print out
my notes here while we're waiting well
well well well well before we get to the
good stuff let's do the even better
stuff first and it goes like this all
you need is the cover of our glasses mr.
Stein jealous tanker thermos last
canteen drill goblet vessel of any kind
if you're not here already you might
miss simultaneous it's the thing that
makes everything better
but you know I can't be in that good of
a mood today
I'm trying I've tried but I'm so
pissed off this morning that I could
barely sip join me will you caffeine is
just gonna make me angry allow me to
grab my notes here don't go anywhere
stay there stay well where to begin
first of all those of you watch
yesterday know that I used some benadryl
the night before and woke up with half a
brain
now imagine me with half a brain
literally my IQ was was cut in half I
couldn't figure out how to turn on my
television yesterday not a joke
the day after I woke up from benadryl
the night before I actually couldn't
figure out how to turn on my television
literally that's not a joke so that's
how I was doing yesterday while I was
trying to decode the IG report and the
impeachment hearings if you ever have a
chance to take benadryl and then try to
understand an IG report and impeachment
on the same day
don't try it's not going to work very
well
all right well you probably all know
that the Democrats have gone ahead with
their articles of impeachment and even
though I expected it not just the
expected it but it was just everybody
assumed it wasn't even any doubt even
though I knew the day was coming I did
not anticipate how I would feel about it
and how I feel about it I'm not worried
because you know everything's gonna be
fine in the country we will be fine said
it will take care of business and and
get rid of it but as I was watching this
disgusting group of politicians pretend
to be sad and pretend to be sincere I
was overcome with hatred and I don't
really spend a lot of time heating
anything there are things I prefer
things I dislike things that need to be
criticized but rarely if ever do I feel
a genuine feeling of hatred and when I
watched Adam Schiff and Jerry Nadler and
Nancy Pelosi and that I'm gonna throw
Jeffrey Toobin in there as I was just
watching them on CNN I don't think it's
just that they disagree I don't think
it's just the third on a team doing
things I wish they weren't do doing it
there's something about this group of
people that makes me hate them
like I actually hate their guts and I've
never hated a politician in my life in
fact I didn't even hate these
politicians yesterday there was
something about watching them stand in
front of the country and knowing that
they were acting that just triggers
something me had I thought for even the
smallest moment that they believed what
they were saying and that it was for the
good of the country and all that if I
believed it even a little bit
I would have said yeah benefit of a
doubt maybe they think it is for the
good of the country they do not think
it's for the good of the country it's
transparent it's bad acting it's
disgusting and I hate him I've
never hated my government before it
actually happened today this is the
first time you know I lived through the
Vietnam war wasn't happy about that I
was not happy about the Vietnam War I
lived through us the things that the
governor did that I didn't think was a
good idea I'll lift through the Iraq war
not a fan was the fan but I'll tell you
nothing has made me actually angry until
today now everything's gonna be fine and
the Democrats have basically collected
themselves together to run into a narrow
ravine where Trump and his supporters
will machine-gun that I'm not talking
that literally figuratively figuratively
they set themselves up for the worst
election cycle that maybe we've ever
seen it could actually flip Congress I
don't know if it will but I'm not
predicting that but I don't know if the
rest of you are having a reaction to
anything like the one I'm having right
now can you tell me in the comments did
did something flip in your head the way
it did in mind when I just watched this
despicable bunch of
stand there and hurt the country and
pretend they were helping it in the
worst acting job you've ever seen in
your whole life disgusting
none of these people deserves their job
and let me go further if the Republicans
in Congress do not act to censor or
whatever the hell they have to do to
kick Schiff and Nadler Ana Congress if
they don't at least try that process at
least you know at least gin it up and
you know get a going it might not
succeed but if they don't at least try
to get these guys removed from Congress
I'm going to be pretty disappointed with
the Republican side let me tell you what
do you think is the big problem here let
me tell you the big problem if all
you've got is a hammer everything looks
like a nail
if we keep electing I I'm not gonna stop
swearing today today is not the day for
you to tell me Scott watch your language
that's not going to happen today all
right
if we keep electing lawyers
you're gonna get a bunch of
lawyers running country like the
mess that you're seeing right now none
of this happens without a whole bunch of
 lawyers in the same place
acting like lawyers let's get
some people who aren't lawyers
to run the country jesus
christ I am so sick of lawyers
let me tell you now I don't know if it's
I don't know if coming off my benadryl
haze is making me angry or today it's
entirely possible but I'm super
angry really I am all right now Nancy
Pelosi it's a somber day it's not a
somber day you it's not a
somber day don't even act like it's a
somber day it's not a somber day you're
all drinking and you know
serenity down so some of the things we
learned about the from the IG report
let's talk about that so it turns out
that Jonathan Turley is the only guy who
knows anything whose name isn't Alan
Dershowitz so Turley writes this article
in the hill and then has to write
another article to complain about our
CNN took his article and misconstrued it
oh my god so poor Jonathan Turley trying
to communicate to to a
population and failing you even though
he's amazingly good at communicating
amazingly good best you've ever seen and
one of the things we learned is that the
so-called predicate meaning the reasons
to start an investigation here's here's
actually the standard for the FBI to
start an investigation it only requires
an articulable basis do you know
articulable beans it means you could put
it in a sentence if you can put
it in a sentence that makes
sense you have the right to to look into
it so did the IG I'm sorry did the FBI
have enough articulable basis to do the
investigation well the Inspector General
says yes because the standard is
 there's no standard you can't
violate a standard that doesn't exist
and articulable basis is as close as you
can get to not existing so I don't blame
Horowitz for saying that the FBI had a
basis because there's no standard for
the basis they can't violate standard it
doesn't exist
[Applause]
so that's the first thing but the second
thing is what did they do after they had
that articulable basis and they kept
running into information that would tell
them that there's nothing there well I'm
gonna surprise you a little bit and I
want I want you to go back and look at
your filters on life and tell me if your
filters predict it remember I always
tell you that we're all living in these
different movies we're all in different
bubbles we're all seeing the different
reality but if you want to test your
version of reality or your filter on
reality make predictions and then see if
your predictions work if they don't
maybe your filter was bad let me tell
you how my filter works I have what I
call the Dilbert filter Dilbert being a
cartoon character who is famous for
living or working in an organization
where people are incompetent all the
time my filter said that that Epstein
could kill himself and that all of those
that incompetence you saw in the GL
could be just normal and competence
because yes there can be that much
incompetence in an organization likewise
so so I said it's more likely Epstein
did kill himself because incompetence is
the most normal thing in the world it's
not it's not the exception if you think
incompetence is the exception then you
say well how could those cameras be
turned off how could those guards be
asleep how could they not check how
could they falsify their their diary of
their rounds how could that be easily
incompetence it's the most massively
common thing in the world now let's look
at the FBI my filter said the most
likely explanation for the FBI's actions
was massive incompetence the Horowitz
looked into it and said there's massive
and competence but no sign of something
I can organize deep state I know we're
still waiting for Durham we'll get to
that but whose filter predicted that the
result would be a whole bunch of
incompetence and not an organized deep
state only mine only mine said that that
the incompetence of the guards is just
incompetence and naps teen killed
results because he was guilty at least
good his stuff Epstein was a monster but
he was really good at stuff he was a
master he was a he was a concert pianist
he was good at making money he was good
at manipulating people it was really
good as stuff no surprise that he was
good at killing himself while all around
him were incompetent so we have not yet
ruled out well let me talk about this so
the FBI incompetence and the 17 things
that went wrong the question is asked
and I saw somebody asked us how is it
likely that the FBI could make 17
mistakes that were all in the same
direction did you see that I actually
tweeted it not because I agreed with it
but because it was an important thing to
talk about all right if there are 17
mistakes and it's and it's just a random
distribution of mistakes you would say
well that's impossible it's something
like one in a hundred thousand odds that
you would have 17 mistakes all in the
same direction right wrong now let's try
putting the Dilbert filter on it and see
that what looks put the Dilbert filter
on it and explain why all 17 mistakes
are in the same direction easy let me
ask you this you're an employee you've
been assigned a task your task is to
fill out some paperwork and get
something approved
do you ever exaggerate your argument as
just an employee of any big organization
do you ever exaggerate your case to get
approval of something every time
every time another way to
explain all seventeen errors is
incompetence and the fact
that there are probably so many there
are probably so many different rules in
the FBI they have to be satisfied that
if it's like every other big
organization I've ever been in the only
way you can get from A to B is by
breaking rules confirm this for me in
the comments those of you have
experience in big organizations can you
get anything done without breaking the
rules no you can't if you're trying to
get an investigation done because you're
biased let's say you believe it's
something that's important or you're
biased either those cases if you're
trying to get something done you're
looking into something
could you make 17 mistakes that or let's
say errors in judgment or or forged
forms or whatever all in the same
direction yes it wouldn't even be
unusual that all 17 of your mistakes are
in the same direction doesn't mean
there's doesn't mean there's a
conspiracy it doesn't even mean they're
biased they probably are because
everybody is so I'm not saying they're
unbiased
I'm just saying you can easily get to 17
mistakes in the same direction without
anything being unusual about that
because employees are trying to get
something done they're gonna make all of
their mistakes toward the direction that
they're trying to move things that's
that's not unusual
it doesn't mean a coup it also means
just employees doing what employees do
in big companies violating the rules to
get something done
typical completely typical and if they
had a bias that there was something
there that would that would guide them
now just to show you I actually can look
at both sides was it allowable that the
FBI would use such a thin predicate for
starting the investigation yes under
these conditions the conditions are that
the downside was enormous so the risk of
having a president who was only in the
pocket of Russia is enormous so if you
have an enormous
risk a a republic ending risk would you
say well there's only a little bit of
evidence that that might happen no you
would take the thinnest evidence because
it's the biggest risk I hate to tell you
I'm not I'm not just
it could have been biased but not in any
way that's criminal
everybody's biased everybody is blinded
by their biased you could simply be
blinded by your bias and not do anything
criminal just make decisions that were
cornered kind of biased informed anyway
so I think that if the FBI wanted to
defend themselves and they're doing a
terrible job of it they should say that
given the size of the risk it would take
the smallest bit of suspicion to warrant
an investigation and even then when
McCabe said well look at the steel
dossier which was complete
nobody knew if it was a hundred percent
 if it had been 1 percent true
and nobody knew at that point would that
one percent chance of it being true
still be worth looking into it because
the risk of being wrong about it and you
know we're losing the Republic to Russia
it's so great yeah it is I hate to tell
you but you can completely explain the
FBI's motivation by risk management
incompetence and bias but not
necessarily overthrow the government
bias did I tell you that when that when
struck and Lisa Paige texted about the
insurance policy that that was probably
just something taken out of context and
did not mean the insurance policy was to
remove the president it meant that they
better look into it in case there's
something there the Horowitz report did
not find the stock and page in their
communications that we know about were
indicating any kind of a coup they found
the opposite who predicted that Paige
instruct would not be found with a
smoking gun rather that that
conversation would just be a different
context one person in the whole
world and it was me so just just keep
that in mind
all right now that said Durham who's the
criminal part of this disagrees with
some of Horowitz conclusions I think
about the predicate of it so everything
I just said could be completely revised
by what we find out from Durham and
Durham of course had more powers in the
Horowitz so we should assume he has a
bigger view of the field and that he
might have some information about people
outside of the FBI CIA maybe maybe maybe
the CIA
maybe the Democratic Party maybe Russian
maybe Great Britain so Durham might have
a whole different idea about how this
all got started
but no matter how it got started and
that might also raise more questions
about individuals within the FBI making
decisions so I think there are some FBI
people in trouble now did you see Trump
came down hard on his on ray how does
the raise head of the FBI right and what
did Trump say about him
Oh Trump tweeted I don't know what
report we're talking about the Horowitz
report says I don't know what report
current director of the FBI Christopher
Rae was reading but it sure wasn't the
one given to me with that kind of
attitude you will never be able to fix
the FBI which is badly broken just by
having some of the greatest men and
women working there now I completely
understand why the president would be
taking the hard line against the FBI
that is because there were 17 mistakes
that all went against him if you're ever
in a situation where there are 17
mistakes and they all go against you and
you can fire the guy who's in charge of
it it was now fixing it you're going to
fire that guy right so if I were in the
president's position I
really sure I would say exactly what are
you saying and I would be going just as
hard as the FBI but I'm not in the
president's position and I have a little
bit of distance from it so I can say
that incompetence still does explain and
and some bias but not necessarily not
necessarily a coup is it evidence more
than a coup but maybe maybe Durham will
find that there's a coup and it will
change everything all right I'm not even
sure it matters anymore what the
impeachment hearings produced if I feel
as though none of the the actual fact
matters were completely irrelevant but
here's some here are some things Wow
[Applause]
it's hard to think when you're bad did
you ever get really mad and your brain
is just like it's on fire and you you
can't you can't even decide what to
complain about next all right so it
looks like the impeachment is going to
be about obstruction of justice and
abuse of power abuse of power is
complete because as somebody
tweeted this morning well Scott I have
to I have to bring in my friend why
didn't the president investigate
corruption sooner in if he cared the
corruption why didn't he do it sooner
why why did he only do it with Ukraine
if he cares about corruption all around
the world so much why is he only care
about Ukraine Scott why well Dale let me
answer that how many other countries
were had at least reason to believe that
they might have blackmail material over
the guy who was polling the highest to
be President Biden how many other
countries looked like they controlled
the next president of the United States
- and the president mentioned them both
China and Ukraine why did the president
wait because Biden wasn't looking like
he was going to win the election before
it didn't matter too much if
you're looking at national priorities if
it had been Tulsi Gabbard who had a
problem or or or yang or somebody whose
polling a 3% do you think it would have
been a priority to look into it no it's
a priority because Biden was at the top
of the list to be the next president of
the United States and there was a
genuine reason to think his family was
tied up with other countries in a way
that would have some blackmail potential
that was the highest priority in the
whole country and he did it when
he could now let's ask the next dumb ask
question if you've never been involved
in any kind of management or big
organization you would be very confused
by this you would say well Scott why
didn't he why didn't he do it sooner why
didn't you order somebody to do it
sooner do you think if the president
could have just ordered his underlings
to look into Ukraine and get the result
that he wanted you don't think he would
have done that do you think he had to
take the phone call himself and he
thought well I think I'll just start by
having a phone call with the president
that's where it'll start now if he could
have done it some other way he
would have done it it would have already
been done if he could have done it
sooner it would already be done if he
could do it without a phone call to the
president and guess what even a phone
call with the president of Ukraine
didn't get it done so if that didn't get
it done because I don't think Ukraine's
investigating anything if that didn't
get it done why would you be so dumb
 to think that it could have gotten
done if the president just ordered an
underling to go do it
hey underling go do with Ukraine what I
can't even get the president of the
Ukraine to agree to do if you if the
president the president can't get it
done stop asking me why he didn't do it
sooner that's why because even talking
president to president couldn't
get it done so don't tell me why he
should have done it the other way
if that couldn't get it done it's
there's no other way that would it got
it done now the other thing is why
didn't he do a sooner I didn't need to a
sooner I literally have a chapter in my
book titled loser think in which I say
every time you hear somebody say why
didn't you do it sooner that is an
illegitimate opinion because you know
what could be doing done sooner every
 thing in the world could be done
sooner so would you say if you hear
anybody saying why didn't it happen
sooner why didn't you do it sooner that
person is an why didn't you do
it sooner is every spouse talking to
their spouse why did she do it sooner
well that's very nice but why didn't you
do it yesterday well it's nice of you to
do something right today why didn't you
do it yesterday I'm so mad at
that opinion that's why I made a chapter
of it in my book loser think alright so
I think you know the public the public
could not have possibly looked at the IG
report in any detail and understood it
the public could not possibly look at
the impeachment proceedings and all of
its complexity and possibly understand
it so when you have big complicated
stories what does the public it default
to the public defaults to whatever it's
the simplest version of the story the
simplest narrative that is also true
what is the simplest narrative that is
also true about Ukraine it's the one
I've been saying for two months
and now our representative Crenshaw
tweeted and I retweeted it yesterday the
same point here's the simplest story at
the impeachment hearings when I forget
who it was some Republican asked the ask
the witness for the the Democrats if the
was a good reason a predicate if you
will so during the impeachment hearings
the Democrats own lawyer
said one questioned that there was a
good reason for President Trump to look
into burr yzma and the Biden's that's it
that's it that's the whole story you
don't need to ask any more questions
here's the mistake that Jordan makes
when representative Jordan tries to and
and all the lawyers were idiots
on this thing you know Crenshaw is not a
lawyer right he's the only one who found
the simple story all of the lawyers were
involved couldn't find the simple story
because they treated all the evidence
like it had to be attacked individually
oh well let me attack this but if this
how about this let me find a reason why
all the evidence is not what you think
it is you don't need any of that because
as representative Crenshaw noted that
once the Democrats have admitted that
President Trump did have a legitimate
reason to look into burries net and
Biden nothing else matters it doesn't
matter if he threatened to withhold the
money which he probably didn't but it
wouldn't matter because if it was
legitimate then the president has every
right to use every tool at his disposal
to twist until he gets some until he
gets some traction from the other side
if you asked was that one question
doesn't do even the Democrats who looked
into it the ones who want the president
impeached do even thank agree that it
was then it was appropriate for him to
look into it and they do that's it you
can stop asking any other details about
that story because all of them follow
after that point nothing matters after
that point so Crenshaw found
the simple narrative and the only one
that mattered and all the lawyers on the
on the president's side couldn't find it
they couldn't find it
by eat it he found him so maybe you need
somebody who's not a lawyer to know
what's important because lawyers don't
know how to do that lawyers work by the
hour and they go after every fact every
time as if they were all equally
important or something now watching you
also the clip probably of Matt Gaetz
just annihilating the lawyer Goldman
just annihilating him in public I've
never seen anybody get that
annihilated because he asked it was
amazing moment so he asked Goldman if he
believed he was partisan and Goldman
said he was not partisan and then Matt
Gaetz puts on a big easel behind him a
big blowup of the tweet from this
Goldman who said he was not partisan
yeah let me just say that tweet looked a
little bit partisan a little bit
partisan so that guy got totally
annihilated and and let me tell you I
can't tell how much bias I'm bringing
into this because the people involved
seem very unlikable have you noticed
that have you noticed that the the
pro-impeachment people are and this
could be just bias and so I actually
have a genuine question in my mind is it
a coincidence that the people on the
pro-impeachment side are all such
unpleasant personalities they're they're
people that you hate before they've even
said much is that is that just my
impression because the the vibe I get
from all of them is I was bullied as a
child and I mean the circus this is not
the next thing I say is not meant to be
hyperbole it is not meant to be just
some
kind of taking sides the vibe I get this
doesn't mean is true I'm just telling
you how I receive it like how it's being
absorbed by me the vibe I get is the
people who are the most let's say
illegitimate the ones who are looking
like actors pretending to be concerned
about the Republic but they're really
just trying to impeach the president
they all seem like people who got
bullied when they were younger and that
President Trump just triggers that and
that they're working off some kind of
trauma from their childhood now is it
likely that Adam Schiff was ever bullied
as a child yup
is it likely that Jerry Nadler was ever
bullied as a child and also by President
Trump yep is it likely that Jeffrey
Toobin was ever bullied as a child well
I don't know but probably and I say that
because most people are bullied right
the only people you might imagine were
not bullied as children our people are
really big and muscular and you know
kind of a helpful looking but everybody
else you would imagine that just about
everybody else has been bullied and some
more than others
Nancy Pelosi I don't know what happened
to her
I've lost all my respect for her and I
have to admit I had a lot of respect for
Pelosi when she when she was just being
a you know a good speaker of the house
and resisting the other side yeah that's
all part of the game and I'm totally
cool with that but Pelosi has managed to
take the lead from Jerry Nadler and Adam
Schiff so if you're Speaker of the House
ends up working for the two bullied
members of the House you can't respect
that anymore because there's no
leadership there so Pelosi has abandoned
any any pretense of leadership and now
she's just a follower of Nadler and she
and whoever else is paying them I
suppose all right so the let's say so
the abuse of power is a standard which
should remove both Nadler and shift
wouldn't you say don't you think there's
plenty of abuse of power going on by
Congress right now I mean it looks like
abuse of power to me
and if it looks like it that would be
enough to pursue it I would think and by
the way the dumbest thing that the
Democrats are saying is that if you
don't remove Trump right away he'll use
other countries possibly Venezuela I
actually heard that yesterday somebody
said what if he starts asking Venezuela
to help him in the election you're not
even pretending getting good anymore
you're not pretending well what about
Venezuela
come on if the best argument you could
try now on national television and one
of the Democratics democrats did this
yesterday was that if we don't stop him
he might use another country what if hid
offenders well somebody actually said
that with a straight face on television
yesterday unbelievable all right so I
hate my government the Congress has a
nine percent approval rating before this
happened
so before impeachment they had a nine
percent approval record it's not going
up there's nothing that happened today
that will make that nine percent inch up
it might approach zero we might actually
be at the point where the next poll
could show zero approval for Congress or
you know if it had a two percent
approval it would be the two percent
we're not paying attention I suppose but
does Congress deserve a nine percent
approval it does not not even close it's
not doing anything right at this point
and how about that USMC a so the there
there's word that maybe they'll be
action on the USMC a so that the
Democrats can come can act as though
they were doing their job too little too
late don't even pretend you're doing
your job alright
they're the reason that the it made
sense for them to wait for the USMC a
this as they approve it now the results
won't be obvious before election if the
USMC a had been approved a year ago or
whenever it was ready there might have
been enough time before election for it
to have worked its way into the system
and to start you know showing up in the
GDP but if you wait like they did even
if it's the greatest thing in the world
you're not really gonna notice it by
Election Day so somehow the Democrats
have managed to take something that was
unambiguously good for the people agreed
on by both Democrats and Republicans and
couldn't get that done couldn't
get it done seriously why would you give
them even any you know why would nine
percent of the people think that if you
can't do something that both sides agree
on that's not just doing your job poorly
that's not even doing your job that's
doing nothing alright
I'm just looking at your comments now
cuz I'm so angry so there are two the
well what let's talk about the other
impeachment so the so one was oh the
other one is obstruct obstruction of
justice and the other one was abuse of
power
obstruction of justice now I believe
Dershowitz has already ruled on this if
you will figuratively speaking
and said that you can't you can't find
the president guilty of obstruction of
justice
if he wants to go to the courts to get a
decision about whether people can appear
to appear and testify how do you argue
with that how do you argue with dirty
words who says you've got three branches
of government when two of them disagree
they take it to the courts that's the
normal process that's what the the
president would have done had how do you
say it's an abuse of power when you're
using the system the way it was designed
exactly as it was designed not even
you're not bending the rules you're not
pushing the envelope you're using the
system exactly as the framers drew it up
and what they wanted to happen let the
courts decide that and you're gonna
you're gonna impeach a president for
wanting to let the courts decide what he
should do are you kidding me and abuse
of power if the abuse of power was just
asking for the Biden the Biden you know
investigation and for Ukraine if that's
what that refers to and I guess we'll
wait to see if there's more to that but
if that's all that refers to then the
Democrats own lawyer saying that that
was a legitimate thing to him so look
into is the end of the story so you've
got two counts which can be dismissed
with almost one sentence apiece well I
mean let me see if I can do this I'm
going to just dismiss both of these
impeachment counts with one sentence
piece and the obstruction of justice one
the one sentence would be you can't
impeach a president for asking the court
to decide what the court should decide
in other words it's the courts job so
one sizes that's the entire defense you
don't even need to get into details but
will the Republicans get into details of
course because they're all lawyers or
too many of them are lawyers
about abuse of power is there one
sentence that can make that go away yes
Democrats have agreed that it was worth
looking into barista and Biden that's it
there's nothing else that you need to
say you you could have you could this is
the only impeachment they could be
entirely defended by tweets let just
imagine this and and tell me if you
think I'm exaggerating let's say the
impeachment gets voted on and the car
and the house a versatile Beach then it
gets kicked over to the Senate to try it
if Lindsey Graham said I'm going to I'm
going to do the entire defense in two
tweets one tweet it's not an obstruction
of justice when the president asks the
supreme court to decide something that's
it one tweet you know second tweet it's
not abuse of power if everybody agrees
that this was a national interest to ask
about barista and Biden and then just
vote don't if the Senate puts up more of
a defense than those two sentences
they're working against themselves
because as soon as you make it
complicated
you give credence to the other side if
the Republicans in the Senate allow
themselves to get into the details and
to argue the you know whether or not
there was a quid pro quo or a that if
they allow themselves to even engage in
that argument they're working against
themselves because the more they the
more they allow that it's something to
talk about the more that they get into
the details the more the the public
watching it who doesn't really
understand that any of it the more the
public is going to think well there must
be something there because they're
having this lively debate on the details
so logically there must be something
there but if you say the impeachment is
so thin that we're not going to put up a
formal defense I'm going to give you two
sentences that make both of them go
and that we're gonna vote that's what
they shoulda done you know the other
thing that's bothering me greatly is who
was the one of the witnesses at the
impeachment hearing named Burke
apparently part of his opening statement
he played a misleading edited clip in
which he showed the president saying
were the quote anyway I didn't watch it
live but I guess he showed a part of the
quote where the president said that
article to meaning the part of the
Constitution that says what the
president can do would allow him to do
anything he wanted and he plays this
video in public in front of Congress do
you know what's wrong with it
what's wrong with it is he edited out
the part where the president clearly
limits his comment to the single
question of whether a president can hire
and fire within the executive branch and
on that question nobody disagrees nobody
disagrees that a president can fire the
head of the FBI he hired him he can fire
him and for any reason he wants so when
I saw a Burke put that up there which is
nothing but a lie it's a
transparent easily identified
lie that this guy is doing in front of
Congress in front of the country and at
that point I said to myself the the
Republicans should call a recess and
then they should come back in and say
here's the full video this shows the
part you added to doubt and just walk
out just walk out because walking out on
that one point would have made the news
cycle about that one point and when the
country sees what the Democrats are
willing to do to impeach this president
and that's the easiest the easiest thing
you could prove is here's the video they
showed you and here's the rest of the
video the same video here's just the
rest
it weather or that transcript if you
will but in either case all you'd have
to do is show the full thing and anybody
could see that he took it out of context
intentionally and at that point you'd
have to say well if this is your story
but we're gonna let you live with it
we're not even gonna put up a defense
and just get up and walk out because
that's the only thing that the news
would talk about they say why do you do
that why is he making up stuff out of
context and by the way you know it's the
same thing that the Democrats did with
the the fine people hoax there are
people in this country most of them
probably who believe the President of
the United States called the neo-nazis
in Charlottesville fine people why did
they believe that same reason because
they saw a video and a transcript at
taken out of context if you see it in
his full context the president says in
direct language direct language he says
I'm not talking about the white
nationalists and the neo-nazis they
should be condemned
totally exact quote all right but the
Democrats take that part out so it makes
it misleading will he look like he was
talking about them when he said fine
people it's exactly the same thing that
Burke did yesterday he took a public the
and keep in mind that the public that
the president's actual statements in
both cases were public there's nothing
hidden and still they have the balls to
show part of the video which is most
intentionally misleading all right that
makes me hate my government the fact
that the Republicans stayed in the room
after that and didn't just stop
everything right there the Republicans
should have stopped this show right
there they should have said wait wait
wait we're going to use all of our time
from now into the beginning just to talk
about that because that tells you
everything you need to know public the
public only needs to know that and you
know what would have saved that if one
Democrat had said you know Burke you're
making a good case but I have to
that video was taken out of context
that's not what he was talking about
if one Democrat had said that I'd say to
myself huh there's hope because the
Democrats think they have a good case
why would you throw in something that's
an obvious lie if you have a good case
let me ask you that question would the
Democrats include an obvious lie that
they obviously know is a lie because in
this case this one so it's such a simple
situation you know he was talking about
just firing Comey hey you just leave
that part out if you have to do that as
part of your case do you have a case no
you don't Republicans should have walked
out on that point and they should have
just just said this whole thing and
then they should have let it go to the
Senate and then vote on it and after
they voted they should try to bring up
Schiff and Adler on some kind of
expulsion charge so you can't impeach I
guess technically you can impeach
Congress people but they can be expelled
for various bad behaviors and they
should definitely be expelled for this
the this is so far over the line of why
any of us should be willing to put up
with all right that's enough for today I
believe I believe I've said enough and I
will end by reminding you that my
predictions and filters said the
following I said the Russia coalition
was fake and it was I said that the
president's abuse of power is BS and
when the Senate votes you'll see that
that's BS and when I also said that the
FBI actions were probably more like
incompetence plus bias more than that
then some kind of a coup attempt and so
far Horowitz
backs that up but Durham might not so my
prediction is not confirmed yet we still
need to wait for Durham if it turns out
that the real problem came from let's
say somebody who worked at the CIA at
the time for exam
that would still be compatible with my
opinion because I was talking about the
FBI and Lisa page and Strock and their
texts and stuff I did not think those
were smoking guns but that doesn't say
that Brennan and well let's just throw
Brennan's name in there and clapper that
was two guys have some explaining to do
and I think Durham is going to have some
interesting stuff about about Brennan
and clapper so we'll wait on that if it
turns out that Brennan and clapper get
off free well I'll be surprised because
my filter says different and I'll talk
to you later