[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams because
that's what it is and if you'd like to
take your experience up another notch
and it's almost impossible to believe
that there could be a higher level than
what you're experiencing right now it
can happen and all for that all you need
for that is a cup mug glass a tanker
cheler Stein a Cante Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill with your
favorite liquid I like coffee join me
now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine H the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and happens now
go yes
delightful well if you are listening to
this recorded today later on
Spotify um I don't know if I'm going to
stay on Spotify I got demonetized
recently but I can't tell if it has
something to do with me I don't think it
does or something to do with a change in
their user interface that I can't figure
out so something changed so I went from
being monetized to
demonetized uh you know there was a
change in how they do the
advertisements but I don't know so if it
disappears on on Spotify you can watch
it commercial free on X or locals if
you're a
subscriber uh or on YouTube if you're if
you're paying for YouTube You Don't See
commercials or uh you can see it on
Rumble as well so lots of
choices well the most important story of
the day while we're waiting for people
to stream on in here well obviously
we'll talk about super Tuesday but uh in
even bigger news a Southern California
man he was staying at the Venetian
Palazo Tower in Las Vegas and he reports
being stung by a scorpion on his
testicles while sleeping at the hotel
stung by a scorpion on his
testicles well that's how I feel every
time I read the news am I
right I feel like I've been stung on my
testicles by a scorpion so let's talk
about the news today and by the time I'm
done
probably at least 80% of you will feel
like you've been stung you've been stung
by a scorpion on your testicles but the
rest of you you'll feel great today all
right uh congratulations to the
anonymous account X onx called end
wokeness now probably every single day I
mentioned one of their posts uh I don't
know who it is it's you know it's an
anonymous account but it is built a
quite a system here so for reasons that
I don't completely understand and
wokeness seems to get all the wokeness
stories that you haven't heard uh
anywhere else
yet and uh I think yesterday alone had
three
successes now let let me explain the
model apparently the end wokeness
account got enough attention that if
anyone anywhere sees some stuff that
looks like it would make sense for that
account they send it to them and then
the ok just figures out which ones to
post and because they're so good whoever
it is um I often repost them as to a
number of other large accounts so
although the end wokeness account is
several hundred thousand I think I don't
know what the number is but you know I
send it to another million of my
followers a number of other people post
it so probably this one
account is probably pick pinging 50
million people a day just a gigantic
number through the you know the the
multiplier effect but here's two things
that happened because that uh clever
business
model um so you heard the story about
the Veterans Administration they banned
the use of the iconic World War II photo
where there's a sailor coming in from
the war War's over and grabs a young
lady and bends her over and kisses her
passionately but they didn't know each
other and so the idea a was that it was
not a
consented uh there was no consent so the
Veterans Administration said well we got
to get rid of this iconic photo uh
there's no
consent but and wokeness made fun of
that it became a big thing on the
xplatform and next thing you know when
the apparently the boss of whoever made
the decision found out about it on X in
other words somebody made a decision
that their boss didn't know about and if
not for end wokeness probably wouldn't
have found out now it's not the biggest
important story in the world but it got
reversed so there's that uh then you
probably heard the story about the
Spanish Doritos marketing people they
started using a transgender influencer
who apparently had said some alarming
things about doing thuggish things to a
minor at some point in the past and Ed
wokeness brought that up
and Doritos changed the
policy they just reversed it in like one
day so and there was one other I forgot
to write down maybe you know there there
was a third thing that all in one day
the end wokness account got reversed and
it was just because of
sunlight it was literally just because
it got attention and the people who were
in charge of uh uh I don't think we oh
oh was it John's Hopkins were they did
they get get rid of they got rid of some
racist thing they were doing right might
have been that that sounds familiar but
three victories because a a business
model that is very clever and well
executed with a lot of
energy um
Facebook Michael shellenberger says in
his newest reports there's secret emails
that show that uh Mark Zuckerberg's
Facebook factchecking program was
compromised by biased activists says
Michael
shellberg now is that the kind of story
that is new but not
new was was there anybody watching this
who was not fully aware that the
factchecking organizations were fake and
always were fake but so the fun thing
about this election year is that um well
I'm just going to say it
the the 50 people who signed the laptop
letter the Haunter laptop letter
hoax that turned out to be like the
Rosetta Stone for figuring out
everything because I was really confused
I Used to Be Wondering like I wonder if
Obama's really in charge I wonder if
he's really in
charge no apparently not um it looks
like the laptop people are in charge so
just look at the fact that nobody who
signed the laptop letter got any
blowback nobody got fired you nothing
nothing so whoever has that kind of
power where they can do a hoax that
blatantly right in front of you with no
consequences whatsoever a few people ask
some questions on the news but nothing I
mean that shows you who's in charge
now once you see the the people who did
that you say to yourself huh if it looks
like they were in charge with that
laptop thing have those same people done
anything else that we should know about
oh yeah the entire the entire Russia
collusion hoax was BR in and
Clapper same people on the laptop
hoax same people who seem associated
with some other shadowy ex Intel people
like on the ATL Council and other places
so I would say that we Now understand
the entire um network of the fake NOS
the Soros funding of the
prosecutors um we we see that the entire
news organization is fake it's exactly
what Trump said you know when when Trump
started saying the news was
fake did you have the same impression I
did which is well I mean not completely
fake you know it's just it's just not ID
deal it's not where you'd want it to be
no it's actually completely made up it's
like completely made up just insanely
ridiculously not even trying to be news
now I'm not sure I was totally aware of
that before I mean let's say before the
last seven years but we're certainly
aware of it now so we all understand
that the the fact Checkers are fake do
you need any proof that the fact
Checkers were always
fake
where have they been they disappeared
for the Biden
Administration he he barely ever says
anything that's true and the fact
Checkers just disappeared when was the
last time you even heard about how many
times he got fact checked you remember
they used to keep a running total of all
of the tens of thousands of fact check
problems that Trump had how many times
has Biden said the find people Oaks just
that one just that
one yeah yeah if you were to fact check
all of Biden's hoaxes it would be pretty
impressive and the only difference would
be he doesn't talk as much in public
because he's not capable if he had more
energy his lying would be way more
impressive he doesn't have the energy to
lie well enough anyway so would you
agree that we can now see the entire you
can see the entire Machinery of the
Democrat slash intelligence people who
run the
country you see it right and we have the
ability now to call the plays before
they
happen do does anybody think there won't
be a new hoax over the summer of course
there will of course there will we'll
talk more about how transparent the
entire thing is it's really different
this time uh and when you watch NBC
MSNBC you can do it just for the
entertainment we'll talk about that all
right Nikki Hy is
out um after super Tuesday because Trump
had a good day I don't know what
happened in Vermont but Vermont picked
Nikki Ali oh well um so David axod you
know one of the Prime reframes and
Shapers and message people of the
Democrat um
machine um he was uh he was talking
about that and is kind of shocked that
Republicans would pick this pick a
candidate who was involved in the
insurrection
so I think the Democrats are pretty
desperate to lock into their message
that they could beat Trump and it looks
like they're going to go with the
Insurrection hoax that'll be their
primary message so they I mean Biden did
one win one election allegedly uh he won
one election uh with the hoax the fine
people hoax so why not do it again it
worked it might work
again uh how many of you heard the news
that uh the winner of the American Samoa
Democratic
caucus I don't think I could find
American uh Samoa on a map could you I
don't even know what ocean it's in where
the hell is American
Samoa Pacific that was I would have
guessed Pacific
but near Bora
Boro why why is there an American Samoa
I don't even know why we have it anyway
uh somebody named Jason Palmer won the
Democratic caucus there now I guess
that's some venture capitalist money guy
and he's been running for president you
never heard of him because he got you
know dozens of votes in a few States but
he actually conquered American Samoa and
I'd love to know his real
story I'd love to know if it's just a
practical joke because I don't think he
planned on
winning so why was he doing it and it
makes me think
I kind of want to see if I can win
American Samoa next
time who wants me to do
that I mean I don't know if it's a nice
place to visit but if it is I think I
could spend two weeks there and take the
whole take the whole place I think there
were only like a 100 votes the entire
caucus was like a 100 votes I could
visit all of them I could have a party
say hey
everybody so maybe I'll win that next
next
well as you know studies say that
liberal women have the most mental
illness did you know that yeah uh
liberal women have the highest rate of
mental
illness I wonder what their favorite
sources of news
are I believe it would be Tik Tock and
MSNBC and also they have the highest
level of mental
illness well that's probably a total
coincidence speaking of bat crazy
MSNBC now I say this not just as a joke
even though it's
funny um after the Super Tuesday win of
trump how many of you said oh I gotta
see what MSNBC is
doing I'm not the only one right you you
had to see their
meltdown oh my God it was
funny what watching Joy Reed uh meltdown
and racial racial mad now uh was just
crazy you should see the body language
there are at least three women whose
bodies can torted into like witch-like
creatures as they talked did you watch
it so like here here would be a normal
person talking well we're very unhappy
because uh we wish somebody else had
done better in the uh the primary but
Donald Trump had an unusually good day
so that would be one way to cover it
here here's how the the the three Golems
covered it well
Trump who's
really
responsible
for and then there were words as well
but mostly you could you could watch the
show with with the sound turned off and
just watch them being full cognitive
stress so whatever World they've created
for themselves
and then inserted themselves into that
hellscape it must be pretty bad in there
like the their bodies are actually
tortured by whatever is going on in
their heads now I'd also like to make a
wardrobe uh
suggestion for uh ra Rachel madow I
don't usually make
wardrobe um recommendations but I don't
know if you noticed she was wearing a
plunging
neckline and she also has a long very
nice neck she's she actually has very
nice
features but the the head to neck to
chest created a disturbing amount of
nudity for a new show did anybody else
have that impression I like wow I'm just
trying to watch you talk about the news
but I see way too much of your
body nobody had that
now you know this is has nothing to do
with her you know gender preference or
anything like that in case you're
wondering no it's just purely a fashion
thing it was
really there was just something gross
about it there was just too much skin
and by the way to be fair if any man had
been reading the news showing that much
of the man's body I'd be the same the
same reaction so has nothing to do with
her gender preference or anything like
that just way too much skin
anyway uh Trump herir Joy Reid was the
funniest one just total meltdown and she
had some just so bad crazy stuff uh
she she went on a complete meltdown
about how Trump only had one crisis to
deal with in his presidency just one he
he just had one crisis just just one Co
just one he only had one thing to deal
with and he bollocked it
up
now is that the way you handle the
biggest pandemic of our lifetime it's
just that one thing he only had one
thing to do and he got it
wrong I really feel come on I'm saying a
very oh you guys are bastards I'm just
watching a very funny meme uh on the
locals comments because they can put
photos in their comments
I wish I could share it with you but
it's cruel I couldn't possibly do
it anyway uh yeah imagine treating covid
like it was a like a normal thing and uh
and and then then they try to deal with
uh discussing the economy which none of
them understand and trying to trying to
make you sound like the uh the pandemic
was somehow not an important part of the
Trump economic
Story I mean the whole thing is just
crazy and stupid and and it just gets
worse and worse and don't how to compare
anything I'll give you some examples
here in
Amendment so uh you know there pundits
were saying that the the economy is
great so the economy is great and why
don't people understand that you know
jobs are good the stock market's up uh
inflation rate has come down you know we
all understand that the pandemic was
part of that as well um and and
basically it looks like everything's
good and the MSNBC people were trying to
understand that like why why aren't
people understanding that if they're
paying more see we don't understand
people are paying way more for food and
way more for gas but why don't they
understand that the numbers that we're
giving them show that is not happening
like why don't they understand that and
they act confused that people don't
understand that when they're paying more
for gas and food that they should be
more influenced not by what they're
actually
paying and how they know it's way more
than it used to be but that there's a
statistic showing that if you pick the
right starting point and you look at
rate instead of
amount technically is really good that
was their
argument
okay um but the here are the good things
that Biden has done I asked this
question before so I got an answer here
are the good things that he did that
were listed as positives things that
really made a difference uh there's the
infrastructure
bill which I don't
know is are any of you making a little
more money because of the infrastructure
bill I
I've been waiting for the indication
that that's making a difference I'm not
aware of anything that any anybody's
building anywhere but okay at least it
was a bill that got passed I'll give
them that I mean we probably needed the
infrastructure um then apparently Joe
Biden negotiated lower pharmaceutical
costs lower pharmaceutical costs have
any of you seen lower Pharmaceutical
costs has anybody seen that I didn't
even know that happened what what
exactly is this story about lower
pharmaceutical costs I have no idea that
any of that happened or that I'm paying
less am I is there something that'll
happen in the
future uh what what kind of meds is he
talking about and wasn't Trump going to
do the same thing if you know I don't
know so we don't know much about that
then apparently
uh Biden tried to lower credit card fees
did that happen in the real world did
everybody's credit card fees go down I
mean I haven't
noticed H but then they didn't mention
but they could have just think about
this even the pundits didn't mention
shrink
flation even his biggest supporters
weren't willing to get on the bandwagon
with you don't have enough snacks
they're staying away from that which is
hilarious because it's like his main
theme at the moment it's the only thing
he can talk about and remember is what
he was going to
say so here's what I say so the MSNBC
take is that the economy is basically
good everywhere but one one of the uh
pundits did say you know there's there's
some inflation and there's some some
debt now here's what that sounds like to
me if your take on the economy is that
everything looks good except the
impossible to ever payback
debt that's not an economic
opinion now that's a confession that you
should never talk about the economy in
public do you know what it sounds like
if you say all the numbers are good the
GDP is good jobs are good the only
problem is 35 trillion dollar that we
can't pay back that's the only problem
do you know what that sounds
like OJ Simpson only had one bad day
that's what that sounds like do you know
what that sounds
like lahina in Maui is great except for
no buildings they're all ashes but
otherwise excellent it's a it's a really
good vacation
destination if you like
ashes that's what that sounds like if
here here's what they don't seem to
understand do you know what helps the
GDP borrowing too much money do you know
what helps your
employment borrowing too much money
right the the things that look good are
because we borrowed too much
money and then and then we're doing
better than all the other countries
which apparently seems to be true if you
ignore $35 trillion in debt yeah so if
you don't know that all of the other
numbers are looking good because you did
this one catastrophic thing that will
kill us
all I don't know if it will but looks
bad I suspect we'll figure a way out but
I don't know what that will be something
about digital money something about
inflating it away now I did hear one
opinion that I've been thinking about
for a while a way to understand the
national debt you all know the national
debt is not like a mortgage right it
it's not like a regular debt and
somebody pointed out I've been just
mulling this because I don't think it's
completely right but it might be partly
right
uh and it's that the debt pays for
itself as soon as it's
issued meaning that all we did is reduce
the amount the value of the money that
was already out there by 30 5
trillion does that make sense
economically that that the debt is paid
for upon issuance by making all of our
other money worth less so it's the value
that was in all the other money that was
already out there that is sort of taken
up and absorbed by the
debt I I don't know if that quite
handles the whole situation but it's
different than mortgage right if you get
a
mortgage you owe the
money but if they inflate everything
else away you know they can inflate it
away they can make it go away if they
want in a very bad way it's essentially
just a tax that looks like
inflation all right here's a dog n
barking um is it my imagination or is
the Trump campaign been
Flawless have I missed
anything I think the Trump campaign has
been maybe one of the best I've ever
seen and and it's just so quietly
perfect that you don't you don't notice
how good it
is have you noticed that his discipline
his message
discipline is
unprecedented Trump's message discipline
which was really the thing the the one
thing that would guarantee of Victory
just message discipline he has
it now I don't know why it it could be
that he just competes to win and he
knows he has to do it so he's just doing
it it could be just that could be that
he has better
advisors all indications are that he has
he's getting better advice the would be
at the top of the list but lots of other
you know I'm sure plenty of other good
advice
um but you have to give him credit for
taking good
advice right you don't give the credit
to the advisers that's not how anything
works the boss still has to decide who's
Whose advice to take has to decide who's
going to be giving the advice so the
boss always gets the credit even if the
advice is good that's just the way it
has to work so yeah um to me it looks
like he's handling 91 indictments at the
same time he's running one of the best
political campaigns I've ever seen and
it reminded me of uh Ginger Rogers the
dance partner for Fred EST stair who
famously said you know Fred EST stair
got all the attention from being the
great dancer but his dance partner who
danced with him had to dance backwards
and then high
heels so that's sort of the old joke she
did the same moves but backwards in high
heels and it feels like that's what
Trump's doing he's doing the best
campaign at the same time he's handling
all the lawfare 91
indictments so somehow he's made the
indictments just part of his
campaign and it's weird because I think
the campaign is paying his is legal
bills is that true the campaign is
paying the legal bills do we have a
confirmation on that I don't know if
that's completely true or even legal or
what I think it is but to me that's a
good
expense that that's a campaign expense
because he's he's made the the legal
battle you know a key part of the
messaging and yeah I think the campaign
should absolutely pay for it uh I think
it's
legal
how many of you have ever done this do
any of you write Trump fanfiction in
your
head am I the only one where I imagine
something that only he could do that
there's no other politician you'd even
consider but I have a fanfiction in my
head that he's never going to do but
he's the only person who ever could and
that's what makes it fun I want you to
imagine the scene and again I'm not
recommending it I'm not I'm not
predicting it I'm not recommending it
just for fun this is literally Trump
fanfiction it's a inner
city limousines pull up
unexpectedly press doesn't expect it
nobody expects it at the
destination the destination is a black
barber shop maybe not even in the safest
part of
town but he's got plenty of Secret
Service Trump gets out of his limo and
the only the only press That's there is
no
press the only people there are campaign
staff and citizens who have their own
phones it's not planned he just gets out
of the car and walks into a black barber
shop everything stops because everybody
recognizes them and of course the secret
servers are there and everything stops
St s and people started taking out their
phones and you know that his own
campaign they'd have their phones out
too and then he says he wants a
haircut and then he waits his turn he
just Waits his turn like let's say there
are three people in front of him so she
just sits down just Waits his turn and
then he gets in a conversation because
you know conversation would
start and then he gets in the
chair and people are talking to him and
asking him questions he's using his you
know his famous Trump Charisma how do
you think they would treat
him and even if they were totally
anti-trump if he walks in your door in
your barber shop and says to you I'm not
allowing the press in here but you're
welcome to use your own phones if you
want to take some
photos everybody pulls out their their
phone suddenly Trump made every single
person who just happened to be in the
barber shop by chance he turned to every
one of them into a social media star
they all have phones they all pull them
out everyone who posts that video online
is going to get 10 million views every
one of them every person there is going
to get 10 million views on their social
media for free it's just just just a
gift so then he gets in the chair
here's the good
part he says give me the Charles
Barkley right shave it all
off imagine if you
will watching uh you know 20 different
video home video cameras of trump
sitting in the
chair answering
questions like in his usual funny
charismatic way while they shaved his
head just
imagine while they shaved his
head then he walks out looking like
Daddy
Warbucks and he wins the Black Folk now
you're going to say to me Scott how
racist that you would dismiss the entire
black voting block like they're going to
vote for him because of sneakers or
they're going to vote him because he has
some legal risk or they're going to vote
for him just because he got a haircut at
a black barber shop no I'm not saying
that I'm saying that would be a show of
respect that's
it that's the winning play a show of
respect but it would be genuine I mean
obviously it would be a you know blatant
political prank but if you you actually
sat there and got your head
shaved that is a show of
humility it's a show of
respect it's a show of trust you know
even with the Secret Service there
there's some trust Because unless
they're doing a a full body cavity
search of everybody who's there there's
some trust right even with the people
with guns standing nearby there's still
some trust
involved now again I'm not recommending
it he's not going to do that you know
his his hair is Iconic and I'm sure
he'll keep it but am I right that it's
just great
fanfiction did you enjoy it just as a
imaginary
story I don't know for some reason he's
the only politician I've ever written
fan fiction for in my head just because
he could pull it
off anyway um China's uh gross domestic
product may have been overstated
according to the Wall Street
Journal wow China's GDP is
overstated you
know I'm starting to think we can't
trust their
data I don't know keep an eye on this
but starting to get just that hint you
know little little whiff of maybe their
economic data is not as credible as I
used to think it
was well it's a good thing that in
America we don't have that problem of we
don't have the problem of just making up
data and trying to sell it to the world
huh thank goodness you live in
America um Paul Krugman is a famous
economist um is showing a uh there's a
great drop in violent crime and he makes
a good point he says on
xplatform he says Trump seems to be
doubling down on the quote scary brown
people are terrorizing our cities
meanwhile here's what the FBI says
um they're using it's 2023 numbers and
third quarter and said that the violent
crime is way down so third quarter of
2023 violent crime way down is he
right is he
right yeah is there anything missing
from the
story what's
missing how about the reason what's the
reason who left out the
reason feels like that's the most
important part a sudden and unexpected
drop in violent
crime why well I've got some theories I
think the violent crime went down
because there are fewer police
officers oh no probably not that um no
it's because there are more
migrants h no that doesn't make sense
unless they're actually preventing other
people from doing crimes no that doesn't
make sense
so is
it what is
it does anybody have an
idea is it the fentol killed so many
people that there's nobody left to kill
anybody is it that they maybe maybe our
crime data is no much no better than
Chinese China's G DP data is it possible
that the data is
 is it possible that now
remember you have to make a distinction
between violent crime and the stuff that
they're not Prosecuting I don't think
they're not Prosecuting or at least
arresting violent
crime you we agree on that the the
people who are just not getting arrested
are the the Thieves for the most part
and that wouldn't show up and and by the
way if 50 people rob a Target store so
much so badly that Target closes all
their stores one crime that's just one
crime so some of it's probably in the
data but that's not what's happening for
the violent crime as far as I know if
you report the crime it shows up as a
statistic it doesn't have to be solved
and it doesn't matter what happens to
the perpetrator whether they go free or
not it's crime right so isn't this one
of the biggest mysteries in the
country can you give me any reason that
there would be a sudden drop in violent
crime it's not just because the
pandemic's over is it or is it maybe it
is all
right uh so
Biden Biden did his dementia anger thing
when asked about the polls and he said
my poll numbers the last five polls you
guys don't report I'm winning five five
in a
row just imagine that with like dementia
anger
now where where's Daniel Dale the fact
Checker did the fact cheers fact check
that and here's what here's the other
thing I wonder is it possible he doesn't
know he's behind in the
poles he might not know because he only
knows what people tell him I doubt he's
doing a lot of
reading um okay I I'm seeing the
comments Soros da are dismissing more
crimes that has nothing to do with
violent crimes I'm sure they're not
dismissing violent crimes now I'll take
a fact check on that if you say they are
I'll be amazed but dismissing they might
be lowering what it is but I don't think
they're
dismissing right so I'm seeing people
saying that yes they're dismissing
violent crime
dismissing not just not just downrating
it or letting people land in bail but
dismissing all right I'm going to call
 on
that I I'm I'm seeing a stream a stream
of people who believe that that's
happening but I'll take a fact check so
I'm I'm open to you being right I'm not
going to fight you if you've got a
source but I think you're probably
conflating the violent crime and the
non-violent
crime give me a fact check on that all
right but don't send me more data about
nonviolent crime and say that you made
your case because I know that's
happening right so there's some
difference of opinion on whether the
Soros are letting violent crimes be just
not counted as crimes I say that's not
really happening in the real world uh
but many of you a lot of people are
saying oh absolutely that's happening so
I'll take a fact check this is why I
love doing this live isn't this so much
better than if I just said that and then
you watch the show and you're like ah he
got that wrong nobody fact checked him
so I don't know who's right but just
note there's a disagreement on that
fact all right
um uh tonight apparently Biden will be
doing uh his hate of the Union message I
call it the ha of the Union because um
now they've the bad guys have signaled
what they're going to do they're going
to use the following words chaos extreme
Darkness existential Trump threat and
dictator and also end of
democracy so those are the brainwashing
words chaos extreme Darkness existential
threat Trump dictator
Etc um or as hakee Jeff House minority
leader said
um that they the do nothing Republicans
uh like there chaos and dysfunction and
extremism chaos and dysfunction and
extremism chaos dysfunction extremism oh
my chaos dysfunction extremism oh my
chaos dysfunction extremism Oh
My Wizard Vas
Dorothy so I say it's time to turn on
the mockery cannons and embrace all of
these ridiculous brainwashing uh
intelligence agency words uh and just do
the Dorothy thing every time you see him
chaos dysfunction extremism oh my hey is
Trump under your bed with his chaos and
extremism magga extreme magas going to
get
you well I think it's funny
um all right so uh let's see let's some
of the
extremism that the Democrats are talking
about is
uh this is pretty extreme there are
Republicans who think you shouldn't kill
your baby if it's nine months uh in the
womb already uh they think you shouldn't
transition your kid to another
gender um maybe they think you shouldn't
be spending so much in Ukraine depends
which Republicans you're talking to but
it really sort of opens the question of
what extreme means what extreme be
opening the border to 10 million
strangers to me that sounds a little bit
extreme so anyway we can see their whole
play now and it's pretty obvious uh you
should also know that any new story you
see from now until election day is
probably a presidential news story in
disguise let's see if you recognize
these These are uh presidential stories
that don't look like it so NBC News um I
think it was NBC maybe it was somebody
else had a report that electric cars are
uh worse for the environment than
regular
cars now do you think if it were not a
race between Biden and and Trump and if
Elon Musk were not one of the most
important voices in politics at the
moment do you think a major news entity
which always leans left and they like
their green stuff do you think that they
would be ragging on electric
cars do you think that would happen in a
non-election year in which musk was not
a
player I don't think so I think they
would have spiked that story and they'd
say no no we like electric cars because
we got to save the
climate but an election here oh
those electric cars am I right now to me
that looks purely like an attack on musk
because you can see that it's an all uh
Biden likes to talk about this all
government
approach well there looks looks to be an
all government approach to attack Elon
Musk because he's attacked you know
legally politically in the news and
these are all entities that the
Democrats control directly or or
indirectly so you should see that as a
political story uh in a political
clear uh NBC
BLK what the heck is NBC BLK because the
story is about Black Americans is there
such a thing as a black
NBC or does BLK stand for something that
is obvious and I don't know what it is
anyway somebody named NBC BLK uh
reported that the in the US black women
are six times more likely to be killed
than their white counterpoints now that
sounds like a story of somebody wants to
drum up some racial animosity during an
election
year now is there anything left out of
that
story is there anything you'd like to
know about the fact that black women are
tragically six times more likely to be
killed than their white
counterpoints
well end wokeness once again for the win
the end wokness account fills in the
context for us 93% % of those black
women are killed by black
men now some might suggest that black
women should try to get away from the
black men but that's pretty hard to do
and um some might say that uh this is
purely a political story and you never
would have seen it except that it's a
political season maybe don't
know um I saw even uh on CNN Jake Tapper
was making sure that people understood
that Trump was getting a lot more of the
black male
vote the black male vote
so do you think that's happening because
now now it's even a thing so the fact
that CNN and Jake Tapper would inject it
into a conversation where he didn't need
to so actually that's the that caught my
attention he didn't need to inject it it
it mattered but he wanted to make sure
his that his viewers knew that black men
not women but black men seem to be
moving more toward Trump Than People
expected
now I feel that that PS it into the
narrative because the Republicans and
Fox News can say it all day long and
nobody hears it on the on the other side
but if CNN says it it starts to become a
narrative and what happens if the
narrative reaches black
men what if black men start hearing that
other black men are becoming more prot
Trump would that have an effect it
should because we're all we're all herd
instinct animals so you like you like
your social proofs you like other people
like you um to be doing things and
you're likely to copy
them anyway
um so I think that's really
happening we'll see how
much there is a new bipartisan Bill to
ban Tik Tock in
Congress um I think it'll
fail but I think it will tell us
everything we need to know about who's
in
charge and what the priorities are so I
think that it will fail because um
either there are people who want to use
it for politics there'll be some people
like that
but I think it's going to just show us
who's running the
country I think that the reason for
tiktock is that maybe our own uh our own
intelligence people are already in it as
well as China it could be that our
intelligence services use it just like
they would use other platforms to
influence America somehow so it could be
that China isn't the only one using Tik
Tok to influence Americans it could be
our own intelligence service using all
of the platform forms the same way now
how could they influence that well
simply by having super users you know if
they had users who were getting big
accounts sort of
miraculously um and I'm sure they could
artificially make an account bigger if
they wanted to so I think that we're
going to learn from who says no I
wouldn't pay attention to let's say a
Thomas Massie or Rand Paul uh wanting to
keep or at least not wanting to ban it
because they're the free they're the
freedom
absolutists so the absolutists are just
don't BL you know don't ban things let
the market work it
out and I can respect that point of view
um I don't mind that that
exists but for the rest of the people
you might find out more than you thought
you knew thought you were going to find
out all right apparently Canada has made
I'm a little unclear on the timing has
made or is about to make uh thought
crime is a crime
so that if you suspected somebody might
say something bad about you that would
be a hate crime in your opinion they can
go to jail for
Life For
Life For
Life not for saying something but for
being accused of maybe going to say
something in the future that somebody
would interpret as a hate
crime that's that's actually
real
you can actually see the language in the
bill it doesn't have to be an actual
crime that happened they can lock you up
for life under the suspicion that you
might say something in the
future no I'm not
kidding I swear to God I'm not
kidding it actually says that in direct
words that you can't Mis misinterpret
it's very clear it's not even legal e
just Direct words pre crime yeah so uh
yeah
wow so BJ dictor I hope I pronounce his
last name right d i c h t e r is it dor
does anybody know how the proper
pronunciation dictor or dor derer maybe
if it were my name I'd probably say
derer but I don't know um anyway he was
uh you remember him from the Canadian
trucker protest so he's he's talking to
us about
this all right uh musk is worried about
maybe another 911 a terrorist attack and
and he's quite concerned about the fact
that the Biden Administration apparently
flew in over 300,000 people some say
it's so they didn't show up on the
statistics so I think it's very obvious
now as mus points out that the
administration is not trying to stop
people they're trying to bring them in
as many as they can and it looks like
for the purpose of converting them into
voters so they can control the
country
so musk you know is worried that with
that many people coming in without
enough regulate you know enough checking
I guess some could be terrorists and
we're probably in in for some kind of a
terrorist ATT now I'm going to
disagree I don't like to disagree with
Elon Musk usually I agree but I think
he's totally wrong here I I wouldn't
worry if I were you I would not worry
about a 911 attack
unless unless some other things happen
that would indicate it's likely right
for example I wouldn't worry about a 911
attack
unless um Trump had a commanding lead in
the
polls or unless and probably it have to
happen at the same time I mean this
would really scare me imagine if
Victoria newand our most famous country
overthrower the the coup plotter who's
in Ukraine unless she decided to come
back to
America and work on the Biden campaign I
wouldn't worry at all about any kind
of oh she is she is oh she is coming
back to America the most famous coup
plotter is coming back to America to
work on Biden's
campaign H at the same time that Trump
has a commanding lead in the
polls almost suggesting that the only
way that Biden could win would be some
kind of combination of dirty tricks like
we play on 80 other countries so far
including Ukraine so Victoria Newan is
coming back at exactly the same time as
B As Trump has commanding lead and there
seems like no other way Biden could win
unless there was some kind
of coup or something but I wouldn't
worry about that so you don't have to
worry about you know I'm just
exaggerating obviously you don't have to
worry about a coup you don't have to
worry about a 911 type
attack unless um if you started hearing
that the Biden campaign was saying that
Trump was for example an existential
threat to
democracy if you heard that at the same
time Trump had a commanding
lead at the same time Victoria nuland
the greatest coup person was brought to
work on the Biden campaign well those
signals would pretty much guarantee
you'd see a terrorist
attack so
anyway um Adam Schiff and uh Steve
Garvey ex baseball player Republican
voted for Trump twice um they are the
top two vote getter yesterday which
means they have a runoff
now the news is so broken
I let me see if I have this
right so it was a you know there were
several people in the primary the
Democrat votes were
split uh between shiff and a couple
other strong
candidates under the condition that
Schiff was getting you know not the full
set of democrat votes he still beat
Garvey uh by only a little bit you know
statistical tie basically um
why isn't your news telling you that
Garvey has no chance whatsoever in the
general why I feel like that's the
obvious thing to say because the nature
of the strange way that California does
the things where the last two people
always do a
runoff it guarantees that the Republican
loses doesn't it so it guarantees that
the lone Republican should look good in
the primary because there's nobody else
running but also should lose like a dog
when all the Democrats turn out to vote
so am I missing something or does Steve
Garvey really have no chance
whatsoever he has no chance right and
and the news just sort of doesn't act as
if that's a thing they're they're acting
like it's a contest or something I don't
think it is
anyway um so we'll see uh if I were
Garvey this is what I would do I would
go after shift for his
hoaxes and even in losing I would do a
service for the country by making sure
that the news had to cover me talking
about all of his hoaxes the shiff hoaxes
now that would be losing in style and I
don't know much about Steve Garvey but
he looks like a classy
guy who knows how to play a game right
professional athlete he knows how to
play a game and I would
guess that he would find some let's say
satisfaction in helping the narrative
along that's bad for shiff CU I don't
think he wants to be a senator as much
as he wants I'm just guessing I can't
use M I don't think Steve Garvey wants
to be a senator at his current age
nearly as much as he doesn't want shiff
to be the
senator so he can at least damage shiff
you know in losing if that's what
happens and he could win if he does a
good enough job at the hoax debunking
Facebook had a big technical outage and
all of its other products like WhatsApp
and um Instagram nobody knows exactly
why do
they does anybody
know we don't know why right but it's
kind of scary if any major system goes
down all right uh speaking of Thomas
Massie uh he's one of those people who
actually reads these omnius bills this
legislation is so complicated and a
million things are in it and he said uh
that they the lobbyist hid this in it
$15 million for electronic tracking of
cattle in the
US somehow the lobbyists got $15 million
to track our
cattle now there's probably some
practical reason to do that but uh as
Massie points out there's no law that
authoriz is you having to track your
cattle are they trying to make a law
just by funding it and then it somehow
becomes a law because there's money for
it or something so I don't know exactly
if this is a bad idea but I know that
the people voting for it won't know the
people voting for it won't know it's
there and if they knew it was there
they'd be like me I don't even know if
that's a good idea or a bad idea but it
does seem like uh according to Massie
it'll be used by the green agenda to
limit be
production which it could because it
would tell you where your beef tell you
where's the beef ah where's the beef
literally where's the beef
um it's literally where's the beef
that's funny anyway
um so he thinks it's a uh it's a play to
dominate the small ranchers and it may
in fact be
that let's talk about rasmuson pole and
people asked if they think that Biden
took any money from uh foreign companies
or foreign entities 57% of likely us
voters uh do think it's likely that
Biden personally profited from deals
from Chinese
companies um and 42% think is very
likely now you wouldn't be surprised
that that you know is dominated by
Republicans who think that um but uh
let's say
uh but 21% of the voters say it's not at
all
likely they couldn't even get 25% to say
it's not at all
likely 25% as I remind you every poll at
least 25% get the wrong answer well why
am I saying it's a wrong answer you know
how do I know if Biden took money from
China well I don't know but there is a
deposition in a in a congressional
impeachment inquiry that says that Biden
got $440,000 from CFC Chinese Energy
company so we do have some depositions I
guess that means under oath so there's
evidence under oath that he took
money I think everybody who's really
paying attention knows he took money
from foreign
countries
anyway um I live in an area which I
would call very
non-political um I don't think black
lives matter ever marched in my town or
if they did I didn't notice and you
don't see a ton of political signs I
don't see any Biden or Trump signs don't
see any Trump hats you know we're we're
generally considered you know part of
the the blue
California but in
person it's not nearly as blue as people
think I I can tell you with uh personal
experience that at least where I
live uh people are not super
political but they're also not super
Progressive in the way that you know you
think other Californians are so it is
notable when there's exactly one issue
in which my region is very politically
active every time I go to the grocery
store there's a
petition to recall the prosecutor in my
area her name is Pam
price and she's the Alam County
prosecutor so that includes me that
includes me um and she's got a million
dollars for Soros and um there's 123,000
signatures to recall her so to recall
her I signed
it um
so and the recall is cuz she's
jeopardizing the safety of every
resident so that's sort of a big
deal just think about it I think of all
the things that have happened in the
last several years and my town didn't
give a flying about any of it I
mean at least in terms of being
politically active on the streets except
for
this this is what my town decided was
too far SOS buying prosecutors to
destroy our way of life that was too far
so looks like looks like Alam is going
to fight back so we'll
see all right uh big win for Corey
d'angeles who you might know has been uh
tirelessly fighting the fight for school
choice and apparently he backed a number
of candidates in the primary and uh they
all did well they they just all
dominated the competition so the
suggestion is that candidates at least
in Texas who are uh pro-choice for
school um do really well so that might
be the beginning of something
big um you might know that musk is suing
open AI saying that uh when he
originally funded it he thought it would
be a public open thing and then it
turned into a for-profit thing well open
ey has
responded and they make a pretty good
argument so we'll see how this goes so
their response is and they show some
emails I guess
in which the internal conversation
before open AI got started was that
everybody agreed it would need billions
of dollars really quick because the
Computing requirement would be so
massive you know you can't just you
can't creep into it right you can't get
a little angel investment of $100,000
and see what you can do and then build
it from there you have to do the whole
thing like you got to build a data
center or don't bother so you're talking
billions
fast and apparently the people having
that
conversation uh were aware
that Private Industry is the only place
you can get billions of dollars
fast now I do think there's enough
wiggle room in the emails back and forth
including musk's comments that it
doesn't it doesn't say they all knew it
that it had to be um
private there there's a little amb uity
there so it's going to be fun to see how
they sus out who knew what and who
thought what and who wanted what we'll
watch that meanwhile the New York Post
is uh reporting that some humpback
whales are gay and they'll uh the the
boys will start humping each
other and they showed a picture of a
whale it was looked like it was on top
of another whale humping
it they're literally called hump back
whales
and it's a story about one of the whales
humping the back of another
whale
now I don't know this feels a little too
simulation to
me and then somebody else said they're
not gay there's just you know one is
just abusing the other with his penis
well that's a fine distinction but um I
know that you're expecting I might say
something about a whales blo hole
but no no I'm going to show you the kind
of
restraint that you don't usually
associate with me not only am I not
going to say about anything about the
whales blo hole but I'm going to let you
do it while I have a delicious sip of my
coffee so if you don't
mind 15 seconds in the comments go wild
make your own gay whale blow hole jokes
while I casually sip my coffee and watch
your
work okay good good first entries you're
doing
well good good all
right good good you're doing great keep
it up you got 5 seconds left come on
bring the
gold well I can't quit you I can't quit
you that's pretty good all right
good I think you all did a really good
job all right then rason also reports on
X uh that uh regarding the 2020 election
in Georgia apparently a court in
Georgia um no it's a court testimony so
they have court testimony that means
it's a sworn affidavit that there was no
no signature verification done for
148,000 mailin
ballots now if I understand the story
it's not that there was just a
witness I think it's somebody who was
involved with the actual process like
somebody who did the work not somebody
who stood there and said I you know I
think I saw something no it was somebody
who did the work so there's no question
of whether they knew that they didn't do
it they're saying on on the affidavit we
didn't do a signature match
now it's uh it's
20124 and we've been hearing for the
entire time that our elections are real
secure but they didn't tell us that in a
swing state with a very close
count that there were
148,000 votes in which they didn't do a
signature verification
now does that mean that the election was
rigged
no but it does mean that everything
you've been told about how secure the
system is was always a
lie it was always a lie of course it
was so keep an eye on that is what I'd
like to say and that ladies and
gentlemen concludes my amazing amazing
live stream is there any stories I
missed that I really should have really
should
have McConnell endorsed Trump did that
just happen I guess that makes
sense yeah there are lots of other
Georgia ACC
accusations
um oh musk said he's not donating to
either candidate there was a story that
musk might have met with Trump um at Mar
Lago now I don't know if that happened
but um it would be a mistake for must to
donate to other
candidate
yeah but we do think they might have met
now that would have been a interesting
meeting yeah so um Elon did meet Trump
apparently that's people are saying
that's
confirmed you say you bet Elon buys his
truth
social oh Benny
doesn't I'll take that b I'll bet he
doesn't um can you reject an endorsement
I guess you
can all
right okay I think we covered everything
thanks for joining on the xplatform and
on Rumble and YouTube if you're
listening to this on
Spotify uh I might have to pull it off
of Spotify because my I've been
demonetized but it might be my fault
there's a user interface mystery that
was injected into the system I just know
I'm not monetized I don't know if it's
my fault or not so either way whether
it's my fault or somebody else's if I
can't get it monetized I'm going to pull
it off of Spotify but you can find it on
X or YouTube or rumble or locals bye for
now see you
tomorrow