[Music]
[Music]
no I don't think I should do this I
probably shouldn't do this
no well good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called C was Scott
Adams and I don't think there's ever
been a better day in your whole
life and if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny human
brains well for that all you're going to
need is a cuper muger glass a tanker
Chalice of Stein a canteen jug or flask
a vessel of any kind fill with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine to the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go I don't know if you uh noticed it but
I accidentally started channeling Andrew
Tate for just a moment when I said
better you ever notice the way uh Andrew
Tate pronounces some
words he he gives that real clear
pronunciation to some well some times I
like it better better anyway
um if you're reading the dilber comic
which you can only see if you subscribe
on X or on Scott adams. locals.com you
would know that
Wall-E is being accused of being a mouse
Jiggler how many of you know what that
is a mouse
Jiggler apparently there are devices you
can buy easily on Amazon anywhere else
that literally jiggle your uh computer
mouse and it makes it look like you're
working if your boss is monitoring your
key strokes so apparently people have
been buying Mouse jigglers so they can
just not
work and I wondered if anybody ever used
one of those for a real Mouse I don't
know feels like it'd be a fun ride for
an actual Mouse so here's my news for
today first of all happy juneth
uh are most divisive of all holidays let
me explain to you how holidays
work I believe you're told hey these
holidays are something that's you know
good and natural and we should be
celebrating them but holidays are a
little bit
artificial here's something I heard uh
the other day that I'd never heard
before and I guess I need a fact check
on it and it goes like this that Santa
Santa Claus was invented by the cocacola
company to sell sell uh Coca-Cola in the
winter because people thought it was a
summer drink have you ever heard that
apparently they took um St
Nicholas and uh yeah they said you St
Nicholas
and um some other and somebody who was a
robber who used to go down chimneys he
was a chimney sweep and
they they combined like a saint with a
robber and then they put him in a red
and white Santa Claus outet and they put
him on the you know the cover of the
cocacola and the reason Santa Claus is
red and white is that those are
Coca-Cola's corporate
colors did you know that Santa Claus was
invented for yeah Chris cringle and uh a
a saint named K clouse so Chris gringle
was the criminal who would go down your
chimney and steal your
stuff so Christmas isn't exactly the the
thing you were taught when you were a
child how about uh you know Mother's Day
and Valentine's Day well both made up by
Hall Marcus follow probably or something
like that so we have a lot of artificial
holidays but one of the things that our
national holidays are meant to do such
as the 4th of
July are to bring Unity to the country
cuz you're probably aware you're all
adults you know that children have to be
brainwashed every country does it it's
necessary so you brainwash your kids
into thinking they grew up in the
greatest country and the greatest
culture and they should respect their
parents and all the thing and go to
school and you know join the Army if you
need that so holidays are a little bit
about taking some time off but they're a
lot about
brainwashing if if it's a National one
so for example there's a reason there's
a Veterans Day and a memorial day
because it's to the country's National
best interest that we respect
veterans so we have you know two whole
holidays that are dedicated just to
Veterans it's just good for the country
it's a unifying thing juneth is
different because it's specifically um
created to be a non- unifying thing to
imagine uh and by the way it's based on
fact so I'm not saying it's historically
inaccurate it's based on fact but to
imagine that there's a different Freedom
Day for black Americans and white
Americans can be true and it can be
important to know in history but if you
turn it into a holiday it becomes part
of your brainwashing
mechanism and it works in Reverse of how
that is supposed to work what it's
supposed to do is give you an artificial
sense of unity even if they make it
up so so the holidays and the the
brainwashing that the kids are getting
and the rest of us are getting it isn't
really meant to be historically accurate
per se it's supposed to turn you into
more unified stronger citizens in a
stronger country and I would say that
juneth while historically
accurate and respectful to a certain
group of people in the
country is not unifying so it works like
against the interests of the country
even though uh we can all have good
feelings about each other uh in terms of
a system it's a system
fail so we could say the good things
about it it honors things that should be
honored it's historically accurate it
does make a correct distinction between
you know freedom of some people and
freedom of others but in terms of why
you have holidays at least the ones that
are have a national interest not the
Santa Claus
but the reason you have them is for
Unity this is the opposite so I'd say
it's a failure of a a holiday even
though we can still be respectful of the
uh of the
event all right uh well this will Amaze
you but there are two more things that
coffee has been found to be good for
number one it's good for your skin
according to one
study uh you're probably wondering how
much coffee do I rub on my skin no no no
you still take it
internally but they say it's good for
reducing your brown spots or whatever I
don't know to me it seems like if you
drink enough coffee you're going to
create some brown spots but that's a
whole different dad joke so forget about
that it's good for your skin and then
there's some surprising Link in another
study that it might be good for your
liver that's right coffee is Good from
your skin to your liver and if I were a
coffee marketing person that's exactly
what I'd say it's good for you from your
soul to your skin to your liver
according to
science so everybody who uh comes to
have the simultaneous sip with me just
know that with every sip your liver is
getting healthier your skin is getting
more beautiful and maybe it's just my
opinion but I think you're getting
sexier is it just
me I think you're all getting sexier
with every sip
I'll Drink To
That here's your ever increasing
sexiness oh wow I just felt a brown spot
disappear in my liver oh my liver has
Never Felt This Good before
whoa can you feel that in your
liver all right um here's another study
that you know May maybe you could have
just asked
Scott uh there's a study of the finds
that weightlifting at retirement age
keeps your legs strong for years
later so it turns out that weightlifting
makes you stronger okay got it and it
doesn't go away right away check two
things you could have asked me
about um were you surprised when was the
last time you a study that said uh
exercise is bad for you oh there's a new
study that says exercise is bad for you
no there isn't every time there's a
study about anything involving
weightlifting or
cardio unless you overdid it which is a
separate problem they're going to say
it's good for
you I will repeat my um best advice ever
for
aging number one best advice
start
early you you should create a lifetime
exercise program that you can keep doing
when you're older one of the reasons I
took up tennis as a lifetime sport is
it's both
social and it's one you can do into your
older years so I can still play tennis
once a week get a little sore but it's
still good for me so I would say work on
your Mobility protect your knees and uh
I got a leg press in my man cave this
year for this reason I wanted to make
sure that my lower body muscles were on
point and you can't always run when you
get a certain age running becomes less
and less practical because you're
banging on your joints but a good leg
press is worth a lot so keep your
Mobility going so here are a few things
that AI is doing that are less sexy than
other things but maybe a really big deal
so there's a over in the UK they figured
out how to design magnets they designed
a new kind of magnet using AI to come up
with the
design and apparently it's going to have
all kinds of benefits and if you can
make a better magnet you can make more
efficient engines and more efficient
everything so already AI has discovered
a way to make magnets which appears to
work that um is better than anybody's
ever come up with a magnet and it's a
real big
deal
likewise other AI uh figured out how to
use AI while the AI didn't figure it out
but they're using AI to Control
batteries so that the battery discharges
you know in a more uh let's say a more
optimal way and simply doing that you
can unlock 10% more capacity and have a
25% longer life so you get a free
25% just by managing your batteries with
AI so all all of these little 10% here
25% here this stuff's really going to
add up so I think the uh the world of
boring things is what AI is going to
make the biggest difference in hey AI
can you give me 10,000 designs for a new
magnet you know the boring stuff and
then it
will uh there's also uh there's other
reports about m Material Science Etc so
the Material
Science and batteries I are going to
really make a big difference uh in the
AI world now there's also thought that
the uh Fusion reactors require I think
Fusion or maybe it's fion as well uh
that if you have ai you can optimize
lots of things and you know it'll be
much more efficient so AI is going to be
like a 25% boost on everything
now remember you were thinking how could
we ever pay off our national debt and
you think well you know you need the GDP
to grow like crazy and productivity to
be
unprecedented we might be on the edge of
unprecedented um production yeah imagine
imagine what Amazon's um cost will be
once robots are doing
everything from delivery to all the
packaging handling to customer
complaints Amazon will be probably close
to customer free yeah you Bezos might
design an entire company that just
doesn't need anything by him and his dog
uh to run the whole
thing so if I were um betting on cost
reduction I would look for big companies
have lots of employees that are most
likely to be replaced by robots which
would be bad for maybe Society because
people will be jobless but um some
companies are going to make a lot of
money by reducing expenses pretty soon
too maybe two years from
now um other good
news the Senate passed a package to
boost nuclear energy and they're sending
sending it to Biden's desk for a
signature so among the things it's
supposed to do it's going to speed up
the licensing process for nuclear
reactors which can take what a decade or
two I mean it's so impractical to even
start a business it's just crazy um and
uh and there so it's basically requiring
the government agencies to put together
a method for simplifying and shortening
the environmental review process so the
the the big thing that keeps America
from being competitive despite our
technical Excellence despite the fact
that we have resources is that we've
managed to make it impossible to build
nuclear uh power plants because of the
paperwork and the laws and the policies
and the regulations and the processes
and looks like they're going to try to
fix that although I do have some
skepticism about forming big
bureaucratic committees to try to get
rid of the
bureaucracy I feel like they're going to
add rules instead of subtract them if
that's like everything else in the world
but at least it looks like it's that the
thinking is in the right direction so
maybe something good will come from
that I love talking about the failing
Washington
Post uh things are just getting worse
for them since they canell Dilbert and
uh it's not the only reason of
course but I'm loving the drama they've
got a new CEO who's sort of embattled
because he's an ex uh conservative
leaning editor so the staff doesn't
trust them and the revolting that's
right the staff is
revolting yeah especially Phil
bump he's revolting no but seriously
folks um so the new CEO William
Lewis he's getting a lot of stuff but
one of the new newses one of the new
reports is that he's creating what he
calls a third Newsroom within the
Washington Post now I don't remember
what the first two
are but you know they have some
logical division in the existing
business but they're going to create a
third Newsroom and it's going to do more
news I guess on social media or online
or something different than what they're
doing now more
natively inserting it into social media
I think but here's how you should really
read this it's not a it's not a third
Newsroom it's the one that's going to
replace the other two
I love the fact that the Washington Post
which is known for you know it's most
famous for and fake news at
least among my audience is most famous
for fake news that they're that they're
trying some fake news on their own
employees hey boss are it almost looks
like you're starting up a new
division which is the only thing with
the possibility of growth while the
existing divisions have either stalled
or
declined so is that really a third news
room or is that the thing that's going
to replace us because you know that we
can't possibly succeed because there's
nothing you can do to revive the you
know the old model of
news yes the Washington Post is looking
to replace basically everybody there
with this third Newsroom which they're
trying to act like a it's just a little
thing we're adding don't pay attention
to it it's just a little thing we're
doing if you haven't watched the new
video with Toko Carlson and Glenn
Greenwald highly recommend
it much more interesting than I thought
it would be and some of the things that
uh that I noted as I was watching it is
I don't want to ruin it for you but
there's an anecdote that Glenn Greenwall
talks about when he talks about when he
was in college I guess he was 19 and he
had a substantial encounter with a
conservative part of the world which he
was not in now I don't want to ruin it
for you but you got to hear it it's just
one of the ultime great stories just in
terms of understanding America and
understanding you know our political
differences versus what's real and you
know what's not real so I highly highly
recommend somewhere in the middle of it
it's a long interview but somewhere in
the middle he tells that story about his
online interaction as as youth with the
conservative world and it will explain
to you a lot cuz didn't you wonder how
in the world could it be that Glenn
Greenwalt who you thought was sort of
left
leaning seems to have so many opinions
that are compatible with conservatives
at the moment and you say to yourself
did he did something happen you know
like how do you even have that
transition and it turns out it was
something he came by
honestly which is through a a
conscious planned interaction with both
sides of the country I could not have
more respect for the way he approached
his understanding of the world then I'm
listening to it and and he's talking
about how uh Democrats um you know used
to be uh for free speech and now they're
against free speech and he was he was
couching the
discussion about how the left and the
right seem to have switched places
as uh something that looked like
hypocrisy and I thought to myself
H people who talk about hypocrisy are
operating at the lowest level or maybe
the second to lowest level of politics
that's where you think that things are
the the news is kind of accurate and
that there are some people who know what
they should say or what it you're what
would be consistent with their
principles but they've they've knowingly
chosen to do something selfishly
hypocritical now that's a real way to
describe things that are happening
that's actually happening but I thought
if you're stuck in that level of
awareness you're missing the whole show
and so for a moment I was worried that
Greenwald was maybe locked into that
lower level which would have surprised
me because it would be opposite of what
I've observed uh but then he soon
pivoted to a full understanding that
we're in a persuasion environment and
you got to hear him talk about how the
world is nothing but persuasion uh these
are my own words not his but he does
have a full understanding that people do
not arrive at their own opinions that
are he doesn't use these words either
but he's very aware that our opinions
were assigned to us by operators in the
news and that what you think is your
opinion about things is really
artificial you've just been programmed
so he does see the world as a massive
brainwashing operation and if you're
talking about stuff like who's a
hypocrite you're just completely lost
and that's the lowest level of
understanding the highest level is that
nobody's doing any thinking at all that
the corporate media is just telling
people what their opinions are and they
go well I guess that's sound was good
and then they go act like it and they
get
angry but let me give you my own version
so I highly recommend it um on Tucker's
uh um Tucker's Channel you'll see it on
X anyway here's how the corporate news
is created um and this would be what
Democrats generally don't
understand but I can say for sure based
on listening to Glenn Greenwall that he
definitely understands it as does Tucker
and it works like this so here's an
example of how news let's say that uh
President Biden shuffles into a janitor
closet and starts sniffing the mops
now if the news were real it would say
President Biden suffering from uh late
stage dementia wandered into a janitor
closet and started sniffing the mops we
don't believe he is qualified to be
president steps are being taken to
remove him from office now that's what
an actual real news might cover if for
example he did that thing here's how it
really is handled in our
world Biden sh into a janitor closet and
starts sniffing the mops word gets out
maybe not through the regular
news and then the Democrats have to
create a narrative that Trump is the
real mop sniffer or possibly the cause
of all mop sniffing
everywhere then the corporate media
pushes the Democrat narrative that Trump
is the real mop sniffer or the cause of
all mob sniffing and then those opinions
are assigned to Democrats via the
process um this process and Democrats
come to believe that they thought of it
themselves you know I really do think
that Trump is the real mop sniffer and
maybe the cause of all mop sniffing
around the world that's my own opinion
that I just came up with on my own does
it match exactly the narrative that has
been fed to me and shoved down my throat
by my brainwashers yes it does but
that's just because they're smart and
they see it too we all see it it's so
obvious the narrative
but then there's another step after the
opinions are assigned to Democrats then
the Democrats can't understand how the
Republicans could ever back a mop
sniffer for
president
how well what and then you have like a a
Joe Morning Joe meltdown how in the
world how how can they back a mob
sniffer a mob sniffer a mob sniffer
and then step seven uh the Democrats
seek Professional Therapy to understand
why nothing seems to make
sense and why is the world promoting a
mop sniffer for
president who is also a racist and a
sexist now that's actually literally
what's happening I mean I made up the
mop stiffer part but I do believe the
Democrats wake up and say what bad thing
have we done that we got caught at we
better form a narrative that says it's
really Trump or it's the white
supremacist hiding in the hill or it's
the magga people who are really rotting
at the
core their entire game is convincing
their own people that what they see
isn't true and then their own people are
signing up for therapy like crazy
because they don't know why they world
doesn't make sense anymore and why
people would be
electing you know this Trump mop sniffer
when clearly we don't want to mop
sniffer for our president it doesn't
make sense I need
therapy so they're literally driving
their own people
crazy and it's kind of
funny all right here's uh my update on
how to handle trolls online uh you've
heard some of these but now I'm going to
give you a complete list of what seems
to work for for me probably would work
for you
too so when people says something say
something ridiculous that I know the
Democrat corporate media assigned to
them my old way was to tell them that
they don't know the truth and their
media has uh duped them and uh here's
the truth how well did that work do you
think did did everybody say oh thank you
for correcting my misinformation
I should listen to you more often Scott
but I got this from MSNBC and I was
mistakenly thinking it was true but
thank you for clarifying I'm I'm all set
now no that never
happens uh I think it was Mark Twain who
said uh the hardest thing to convince
somebody of is that they've been duped
he used better words so yes you cannot
convince people that they've been duped
so what I say instead of arguing about
their stupid facts that are all wrong I
never engage them in their stupid facts
if they have stupid facts you know like
uh Trump wants to be a dictator you know
that's kind of
stuff um I say you believe the news is
real that's my whole comment so I just
reply you believe the news is real
sometimes I add
LOL now sometimes they'll
reply but I think sometimes it's such a
biting comment that at some level they
understand is you know maybe more uh
important than they're letting on that
they on some level might know their news
isn't real I think that believing their
own news is maybe closer to a
recreational belief for some of them
like they kind of know it's not exactly
true but it's bad for Trump and they
don't like him so that's good enough for
them but I just say you believe the news
is real or I say you can't really have a
conversation with somebody who thinks
their news is
real uh here's another one that I've
told you about this works great lots of
times I'll get that comment that is so
weird that you don't even know if you
could address it like you want to
because somebody's criticizing you but
you're like I'm not looks like you just
put a bunch of words together there so
whenever it's like that I just say you
sound
drunk amazingly very few people will
will will reply after you say you sound
drunk do you know why I think that's
actually right I think a lot of them are
actually just drunk you know if you
figure 10% of the country is drunk or
inebriated at any given time and they're
the ones making the noise right if you
walk into a crowded
party and then you found out that
somebody was causing trouble is it going
to be the drunkest person yes yeah yes
it's the drunkest person who's causing
trouble the party but it's also the
drunkest person who makes comments that
are the crazy type so yeah if they don't
look like an obvious PID troll I'll get
to that probably just
drunk then you don't have this problem
but I do in the in the political season
I get the paid trolls the paid trolls
have some tells that make them very
obvious but I don't tell them what their
tells are so they don't change them
because I used to get angry about the
you know just the the mean trolls that
were just coming in to say a mean thing
until I realized they're all they're all
professionals and they they all have the
same look I'm just not going to tell you
what it is because I don't want to
change it because it's fun to spot them
so I just say you have the stench of a
paid troll about you makes them go away
completely because once you out them as
paid trolls they don't want to interact
because that would bring more attention
to the fact that they're paid trolls so
the moment you say you have this stench
of a paid troll they just disappear
because they are in fact literally paid
trolls now you might not get them but
the all the public figures are getting
the page
rols uh and by the way that's well
documented that the Democrats do that
you know we know who who F funds it who
organizes it it's all well
known another one I like to do is uh
people like to ask the the are you still
beating your spouse question or one of
those questions where the question
itself is so bias that answering it
would just be a mistake and I say ask
better questions you sound like you're
trapped in the first level of
awareness and then you just dro the mic
and walk away all right president Trump
of course had to explain uh more fake
news about somebody said he didn't like
Milwaukee of course that is the way the
corporate press
works somebody who's a democr R says oh
somebody said something behind closed
doors we didn't record it or see it but
believe me that Trump said something bad
about some group of people and then that
gets in the corporate press and then the
public thinks that actually happened um
so the latest one was that Trump didn't
like
Milwaukee but as he says in his rally um
I love Milwaukee I was the one that
picked Milwaukee for the convention
Republican convention I have to tell you
I was the one who picked it uh these
lying people that they say oh he doesn't
like Milwaukee I love
Milwaukee uh I said you got to fix the
crime we all know that you got to make
sure the election is honest but I'm the
one that picked Milwaukee so that's a
perfect answer you know the the damage
is still done because the rumor never
gets completely corrected but it's the
perfect
answer let me tell you again how to
address a question when somebody says
you don't like whatever group in this
case it was you don't like Milwaukee
here would be the wrong thing to say I
didn't say bad things about Milwaukee
fail I don't have bad feelings about
Milwaukee
fail do you see what is the right answer
the right answer is is only this one
there's only one right answer it's three
words I love
Milwaukee if you don't start with I love
Milwaukee everything you say after that
is just
 if somebody says hey you hated
Milwaukee don't say I didn't say that
you say that after after you start with
I love Milwaukee have you noticed that
when I talk about my
cancellation and since the topic was
black people I like to start that
conversation by saying I love black
people that's the first thing you need
to know it's not about people it's about
a system it's about Dei it's about CRT
it's about propaganda it's about
brainwashing it's about a system design
if the system is designed to make us
toxic to each other that's the current
system design then you should stay away
from toxic situations it's not about
anybody's genes it's not about anybody's
culture I love black people right if you
can't say that well you're probably
guilty of the
charge say that first no exceptions if
somebody says you don't like Democrats
say I love Democrats I don't like what
they do blah blah blah blah blah but you
got to start with I
love X unless it's not true if it's not
true don't say it here's another
one um I love
immigrants I love
immigrants I also think that deporting
25 million of them might be a reasonable
thing to
do but if you don't start with a love
them which I literally do I mean I know
so many immigrants in California and
they're amazing people just amazing
people you know you're missing a lot if
you're not interacting with the
Immigrant Community that's that's
something you might not know if you're
sort of reading about it because you
read about the crime and the crime's bad
and it's real but if you don't interact
with the people oh my God just amazing
people from all kinds of different
places so that's what that is one when
people say why don't you move out of
California that is one of the draws of
California is that you have the
diversity and you know that might sound
surprising if you believe any of the
rumors about me but it is one of the
best things about living here is that
you know my your tennis partner came
from one country your you know other
people you work with from all over the
place it's it's quite a rich environment
and by and large they all want to be
here you know it's great being around
people who want to be here it's
great it's hard for that to go wrong
when you're around people who want to be
where same country you want to be in all
right but we do need laws and we do need
borders and maybe we have to deport 25
million people it would be a
tragedy but a point I was going to make
earlier is that uh Democrats have
successfully painted Republicans as the
mean
people right so the Democrats have
taught themselves that they're the ones
with empathy and the Republicans are the
ones who don't have enough empathy
because they're like ah ship them home
ship them home and that's a bad frame if
you're a republican here's the better
way to say it if you're a republican
here's the
defense Democrats say we don't have
empathy I say Democrats don't know how
to do empathy correctly it's not empathy
if you let your children if let your
children run wild um because they're
free that's that's not empathy you need
to give your kids some structure it's
not empathy to let criminals in
jail because you're not being good to
the people in the society and criminals
might actually be better off with a
little bit of push back on their worst
impulses you have to learn how to do
empathy and the Democrats are doing it
wrong short-term empathy for long-term
destruction is not is not a trade-off
anybody wants if you want the real kind
of empathy the kind that lasts the kind
that builds a country that everybody
wants to live in you want to do it the
tough love way that's got some structure
got some rules and it's a little bit
hard on people who want to break those
rules now is that unkind well I would
suggest that you can look at any city in
the country that is run by the blue team
at this point and you can see that their
empathy has caused massive problems so
the real fake the real empathy is where
you have a structure and you give people
very clear indications of what is you
know good and what is bad and you hold
them to it you hold them to being a good
citizen now if you don't do that you
have fake empathy don't don't fall for
the artificial empathy you want the good
stuff get the real
stuff that's the way I would handle
that all right here's uh the Biden
campaign um you know I always tell you
I'm going to try to call balls and
Strikes when it comes to persuasion I
hate that saying going to call balls and
Strikes I hate myself now do say talk
about it around the water the water
cooler don't say call balls and
Strikes how did that even get in my
throat so I told you I was going to be
objective about the persuasion game and
uh the Biden campaign just hit
a Frozen rope triple I maybe a home run
so Biden campaign again I'm going to
talk about this as persuasion this is
not my opinion of what policy should be
I'll talk about that separately the
persuasion game that Biden did is he
picked the most um the group you would
be most empathetic to in the Immigrant
Community which is the spouse of an
American just think about that now a
spouse of an American or at least
somebody who's here
legally imagine being married to
somebody who's an American or is here
legally for years let's say 10 years and
then somebody ships you back to the
country you came
from you could be really hardcore on
immigration you could be really hardcore
and still have a problem with that
because that violates sort of your human
sense I mean that gets into you know if
you're if you're a
republican there's you know there's a
level that you're willing to go to but
not
Beyond and that pushes really into an
uncomfortable zone so remember I'm not
arguing what's the good policy I'm only
arguing the political persuasion so for
Biden's team to come up with this idea
of the uh what are they calling it
amnesty or making
legal I don't know what word they're
using
um it's an executive action but it would
make make it impossible to deport half a
million people who have been living and
working in the country for 10 years and
are married to somebody
here now that is the one group that if
you said to me Scott if you were going
to start you know if you were going to
start uh sending people back to their
country of origin if they're not legally
here who would you do first and then who
would you do last well I would do this
group absolutely last so that I didn't
do them at
all does that make sense I put them last
to make sure I didn't do them at all
because if you got rid of 20 million
people or let's say let's say there're
half a million of these if you got rid
of 20 not got rid of that's the wrong
word if you reversed the migration of
24.5 million people and then you said
okay we're happy with all those and then
you got to that last half million who
now had lived here let's say you know it
takes a few years now they've lived here
12 years and they've been married didn't
break a law they're working and paying
taxes you want to send them back
too probably not probably not um so what
Republicans are good at is acting a
little tougher than they're going to
be and that works so I don't disagree
with the fact that you have to act like
you're going to be an absolutist about
what's legal and what's
not you have to be a little tougher than
you're willing to actually be you know
that's sort of the dad thing dad acts a
little tougher than Dad is on the inside
maybe but he knows it's good to act
tough because you get a better
result so I would say that the Biden
campaign uh it's fairly genius move
because it kind of It kind of they can
use that to represent their larger
argument that's weak the larger argument
is hey look at all these immigrants
they're great let's get more of them
keep that border open they don't say it
that way of course but if they can if
they can sell that this little group of
people who are good people Le let's say
they they met the test except for coming
in illegally they're good
people it's really good persuasion it's
really strong now that doesn't change
any of my opinions about locking up the
Border but it's a real good job at
persuasion I'm going to give him credit
for that well I didn't realize that Matt
Gates is under so much fire he's got the
the there's a ethics panel that's issued
25 subpoenas and I at first I started to
write down all the things they're
investigating them for but when you
start to write them down you see it's a
laundry list it's like oh all right yeah
something about women something about
did he do some recreational drugs
something about some money something
about some influence and I'm thinking it
just looks like you picked a guy and
then took every category of Ethics
violations and tried to make up
something or find something in that
category so every part of this looks
like law fair except the ethics version
of it within the within Congress every
bit of this looks dirty they've been
studying since 2021 and they got
they got nothing there's not a single
thing that they had with any kind of
Smoking Gun or document or evidence or
whistleblower nothing you know we'd know
about it so oh my God everybody in the
Ethics Committee needs to be
fired through the
voting but can you believe that the
ethics uh the house Ethics Committee is
the single most unethical thing
operating in the Congress what would be
less ethical than picking a person than
finding the crime
that literally comes from Nazi Germany
doesn't it that literally that saying
about find the person I'll show you the
crime I'm pretty sure that's Nazi
Germany and that's what the house ethics
panel is doing how how do you get more
ridiculous than being the most unethical
entity in the
world well you should be the most
respected so no I have no respect for
them whatsoever they're clowns
for some reason I don't quite understand
but probably I will soon uh mumar
Gaddafi is in the
news and I guess we're rewriting history
about what happened there or why it
happened now I don't know it's true I'll
just tell you what people are saying as
you know history is all made up and
sometimes history will tell you what
happened but it's always a lie to tell
you why the why things happened is
always a lie
the what happened well yeah somebody got
killed yeah there was a war so sometimes
they get the what right but never the
why that's all made up so the why of why
was uh Gaddafi killed uh one theory is
that uh he was trying to create a uh
Petro dollar with a gold backed currency
and that would be bad for the US dollar
another said he wanted to create a
United States of Africa and we thought
that would be a problem
uh I think that one's
ridiculous who in the world is going to
create a United States of
Africa had Gaddafi ever met
Africa well who in the world thinks any
of the countries want to join together
and become States under a larger entity
that doesn't even sound like a little
bit of a good idea so I don't believe
that we were worried that he was going
to make all the African countries give
up their sovereignty and become States
under him
I think that was a very small risk so I
don't believe that
one and then there was a video that
apparently he was giving speeches saying
the CIA killed Kennedy um like 18 months
before he got killed so summer saying ah
it's just from the CIA to make him shut
up but other people are saying and I
this feels like total exaggerations but
that uh before he got killed Libya had
no electricity bills had interest free
loans for their citizens
and he promised not to buy house for his
parents uh until all the citizens had
houses now if those are the only three
things you can say about your
country I feel like there might have
been some
problems was Libya just killing it on
the on the standard of living scale what
kind of ridiculousness is this that
Libya the Libyan citizens were doing
great I don't think they were were they
and and and if they were doing so great
what's why is it that the electricity
bills are the things you want to talk
about and interest free loans I mean
those are sort of niches within the can
you eat and do you have a job and what's
the violent
situation anyway so I don't believe
anything about the Gaddafi story don't
believe what happened uh the official
version I don't believe these
versions um I don't know what it was I
mean it could have been they were afraid
of terrorism could have been he had some
information they didn't like could have
been
anything anyway there's a new study that
says that the way psilocybin works is it
uh gives you brain hyperconnectivity
so the idea is if you scan a brain of
somebody's on hallucinogens specifically
psilocybin that you'll see that their
brain is more lit up and more more parts
of the brain are connected to other
parts of the brain now here's the
interesting question
I ask you if we know from the brain scan
that under a hallucinogenic experience
more of the brain is involved not less
doesn't that mean that the
hallucinogenic experience is the real
one and the normal life you're
experiencing where only some part of
your brain is activating is the fake
one because wouldn't you expect the one
that uses more of your brain in a
connected way is seeing something closer
to truth
maybe I'll tell you my uh one good
experience under mushrooms is that it
felt like I was seeing the
truth for the first
time so my experience of it was that my
brain lit up and I could see more than I
could see before and then I took that
with me forever it's like something you
learn and then it's just always there
you don't have to have your brain lit up
to see it again
so I just asked the question is the
hallucinogenic State the real
reality or a distorted one that you just
experience for a little bit and maybe
you get something out of it I have a
feeling it's closer to
reality because I don't think that we
have this fixed reality I think it's
swirling around it's a stew of
probability and that our brain is just
organizing it into neat little boxes
that we experience as our life but but
the real experience is more fluid and
not nearly as little
boxes so that's what I think just
hypothesis how many drones do you think
Ukraine loses in one month let's see how
good you are at uh guessing statistics
that nobody told you all right how many
drones does Ukraine lose in combat every
month give me a number in the comments
while I'm waiting for for the comments
to catch up the answer is
10,000 they're using they're using and
or losing in battle 10,000 drones per
month that's a lot of drones I don't
know how many they can
make but the news story is the real
battle is the jamming so the Russians
apparently became really good really
fast or maybe they always were at
jamming drones and so the Drone makers
have to find new frequencies but then
the Russians find that too and so it's
this cat and mouse game of trying to
stay ahead of the jamming but one of the
things that they're doing to do that is
they're making the drones more
autonomous you see where this is going
the autonomous drones um they're not
going to get jammed in terms of the GPS
which is what they try to jam they're
they're gonna um they're going to know
where they are from maybe wherever the
last GPS signal that was accurate and
then they're going to look at the
ground and maybe compare it to some
internal maps and say oh I must be
around
here but here's the obvious Next Step
it's
AI right and it's facial
recognition you will soon have the
ability to send a swarm of AI driven
autonomous drones into a territory that
will decide on its own if something
looks like a Russian soldier and then
it'll kill it on its
own and it will have to decide oh that's
a civilian and that's not which actually
will be safer for civilians because I
think I I think if you and I are looking
at you know aerial photography it's hard
to tell who's a you know who's a bad guy
and who isn't but the Drone can go right
down to street level if if if the Drone
is wondering if somebody's a combatant
or not the Drone can just fall right
down to street level and take a look in
their face do facial recognition or if
it has good cameras it can do it from
you know where it is in the
sky but imagine if you could recognize a
face I don't know how many Russian
soldiers are on social media is it most
because at this point the facial
recognition companies have already
scraped all the social media in Russia
meaning that we have the name to match
every face of every Soldier I would
think except a few that don't have
social media so I would think that the
facial recognition could go right up to
him and say you look bad Boop bullet in
the head go back to work and and I think
they could even linger now imagine if
you had a drone that could do all of
that and also had a solar way to
recharge itself with
solar so after it does its Mission it
doesn't leave the battlefield it just
goes up somewhere high in Parks let's
say on top of a building just recharges
and it's already there and it just goes
back into the
fight well drone Warfare is where it's
all at ladies and
gentlemen it's also suspected that the
reason the Russians are not making
better progress and maybe the reason
that Putin had to go uh to North Korea
where he just went is to get some extra
help maybe get some extra sh or military
production and that uh they they don't
seem to have gained much ground and it
seems that it's the drones that are
keeping people uh on their
lines
um I think it's funny that Democrats
don't know that most of the problems
that Trump is being accused of in this
campaign were actually created
artificially by
Biden the the lwi information voters
don't know that the charges against
Trump are just political to them it
looks like well he must be a crook so as
Byron New York is pointing out in a post
on X the uh Biden campaign is going to
spend $50 million on an ad campaign to
say that Trump's been convicted of a
bunch of felonies and found liable for
sexual assault and he committed
financial fraud according to
them now I ask you this so somebody else
mentioned this too is there anybody who
doesn't know these facts well there
might be some people who have sort of
generally heard that the president had
some legal Pro or Trump had some legal
problems um and so it might be it might
be effective if they just keep calling
him a criminal but I think most people
who follow politics and plan to vote
have already discounted all of this so
it seems to me that the Biden campaign
is putting $50 million into a an
approach that could only be working for
the fake because people the people
people want to be told a reason not to
support Trump because they just feel
like they don't want to but they need a
reason so the campaign gives them cover
oh yeah you've all heard it it's all
these legal problems why do you want to
why do you want this guy with all these
legal problems to be your
president uh anybody smart knows all the
legal problems came literally from Biden
and were assigned to
Trump but it might be a good play so if
you imagine that people are well
informed and rational this wouldn't work
at all but if you assume people are
really not paying attention to the
details of the legal stuff which they're
not most people then if you're just
reminded he's a criminal it gives you
that fake reason to dislike him so it
might work um Trump came out in his
rally again he's he's been Pro Bitcoin
but he he's emphasizing it and V is
boosting that in in on a and I'm
wondering
if Trump hasn't at least heard of or
floated or considered some kind of
massive
debt um control measure that has a
crypto element to it now I wish I were
smarter and then I could tell you how
that could work the only thing I know
for sure is if you can make money out of
nothing called crypto and we've got a
and people will recognize it as money I
feel like there's a way to make money
out of nothing to pay down the actual
money
debt you know the the physical debt the
dollar debt I don't know I just it just
feels like there's something there now
as soon as you think of that you say oh
but all the problems that would cause in
different ways to which I'd say yes but
the alternative is that the country
fails
completely so we're going to have
choices be between really risky things
and complete destruction for sure we're
not going to have any safe path out of
the debt that that's not a thing
so I think having Trump being pro crypto
at least in terms of
Bitcoin probably is a really good thing
and we might not realize how good it is
until somebody figures out how to make
all this
work all right what I'd love to find out
is that the US government bought Bitcoin
at 10 cents
uh and holds a whole bunch of it we
don't know and then it just pays off the
debt with
Bitcoin I don't think that's going to
happen but it'd be
funny according to rasmason 44% of the
likely voters think attorney general
Garland should be removed from office
and sent to jail for refusing to comply
with Congressional subpoenas I think
when political people are in the news
like that it's more just team play so I
don't even know if people understand the
whole Garland refusing the Congressional
subpoena thing but on the same at the
same time um Thomas Massie has
introduced some legislation that would
how do they say
it it would
uh make the res it would make Pelosi
January 6 select committee
illegitimate so the idea is uh it's it
would be an active Congress to nullify
the criminal charges against banon
Navaro Mark menos and scavino for
contempt of congress and the way would
do that is by
um I guess affirming that the process
was illegitimate and therefore it
doesn't have subpoena power and the and
the house would formally take it away
now here's my
question this is either a real big deal
that you wonder why it took so long or
it's not going to work work I haven't
heard the it's not going to work
argument yet are there are there
Republicans who would vote against
this is there any way that Republicans
would not be 100% in favor of
it I assume there might be some Rebels
out there but why wouldn't this just fly
right through and it doesn't have to go
to the Senate and doesn't have to go to
the president because the Authority for
the committee came from the house so the
house can invalidate
it all right
wow okay
um so we'll see if that happens now if
this
works and the and Naro gets released and
Bannon gets freed and all that uh you're
going to say why didn't you do it sooner
and you're also you're also going to say
what I say and and by the way I always
mock people who say why didn't you do it
sooner anything that's good you should
just be happy about
it everything good should have been done
sooner so it's sort of a generic
Universal complaint and therefore I
would ignore
it
right well we've got
six I'm just looking at the number of
live
viewers so we've got 6700 on YouTube
rumbles at
1.7 uh 1700 locals at close to 800 oh
wait no that's the total YouTube is
4,000 Rumble is
1.7 and locals is about
800
live anyway
um so I got this suggestion today by DM
I'm not not going to mention where it
came from from um just because I'm going
to modify it enough that I don't want to
blame somebody else for my own bad ideas
but the idea was that it might be time
to make the Republicans seem
cool because in the past the Republicans
were the uncool party and the Democrats
were the cool people and that maybe the
situation has reversed and it would be
it would behoove Republicans
to just make Trump seem cooler and the
Republicans seem cooler now the problem
here is you've all seen the Steve busemi
meme where he's pretending to be a young
person saying hello young people I'm one
of you you know it's a joke because he's
obviously not a young person and I think
it the risk here is it would seem
pathetic if the Republicans start
running campaigns to tell you they're
cool do not do that do not do not do not
do you know what's cool let me tell you
what's
cool somebody being exactly
themselves and being true to their their
brand and their nature and not caring if
the world is against them that's
cool that's Trump walking into the UFC
and getting a standing
ovation that's cool without
trying if you can't get to cool without
trying you can't get there CU if you
have to try to get to
cool well everybody sees that you know
that's the Steve musi thing you look
like you're trying to be cool which is
literally the least cool thing
ever do you think that Trump being a
felon makes him cool maybe but I
wouldn't say it I would just let people
come to that conclusion that he's edgy
he's being attacked by the system and
he's surviving and he's not changing
he's still
Trump and that is so seductive because
we're we always think that the system
you know could crush us if you watch
somebody who starts down his Trump the
system tries to crush him like no system
has ever tried to crush anybody and when
he comes out the other
side the system is broken and he's still
Trump
you can't get cooler than
that that's as cool as you can get I
would also note that what seems cool to
men might be different from what seems
cool to women of course there's lots of
overlap and of course there lots of
exceptions but generally speaking a
standing ovation at the UFC really
touches
men some women some women would feel it
too but whatever it is that makes
somebody cool to women is not that so I
think that U Trump simply doing Trump is
the smartest thing anybody ever did if
they wanted to look cool just be Trump
you don't have to change a thing he's
changing us that's cool meaning that he
started out with Mean Tweets that even
people like me said you know in the
beginning ah I see it's persuasive but
uh maybe you ought to pull back on that
a little bit now he's been Trump for so
long and so successfully that when he
mocks you know pritsker or somebody and
just does it viciously you just say to
yourself oh that's cool that's
Trump he made Mean Tweets
cool not because he told you they were
cool he never told you that he just kept
doing them and when you said he should
stop doing them he kept doing them and
when you said you should really really
really stop doing them he kept doing
them and when Republicans people on his
own team said you got to stopped doing
these Mean Tweets he kept doing
them and when he came out the other
side everybody else decided mean tweets
weren't that bad after all and actually
worked pretty well and Trump was exactly
the same as he went into it you can't
get cooler than
that you can't get cooler than making
the system change every time they try to
change you that's it that's the
Pinnacle so
uh I suggested that maybe trying to make
Trump be cool would be gilding the Lily
or trying to do something that's going
to happen on its own you don't have to
try instead I would go this
way have you ever noticed that if you're
uh dating a woman let's say you're the
in the dating
world that it seems really important
what car you
drive do you know why that is now the
the easy answer might be well you know
it's a sign of success and people like
success and women are drawn to it so the
car is just as simple of your success
yeah there's that there's that but I
think there's a better way to explain
the
problem to
women the the boyfriend or husband's
automobile is their
accessory so you should think of the car
they get into the same way they think of
the clothes they put on the hairstyle
they chose and the jewelry they're
wearing it's an accessory it's being
associated with their body literally
their
body and
so when a woman gets near a beat up old
car even if she really really likes that
guy there's going to be a lot of
pushback not to be seen in that car
because it's it just makes the woman
look less you know it's like it's like
having bad jewelry bad clothing bad
haircut you're in a bad car now take
that that
Association you know the fact that we're
influenced by association with things
and if we associated with something good
you feel good if you're associated with
something bad you feel bad and think
about a young woman having to associate
herself with Joe
Biden how comfortable is that as an
accessory it's really uncomfortable and
here's how you can make it
worse I would label the Democrats as
dementia
grats you know everybody likes to come
up with fun fun names for the other team
that is like a play on words um for a
while I was doing
Democrats but they're not dumb not not
in terms of you know IQ they just have
different news so it didn't feel like it
fit they just have a abusive news
situation that makes them appear dumb
when their IQs are fine
so I think dementi acrat is lethal
persuasion wise because it makes it
makes people understand that their
accessory is a dementia adult old man
I'm going to judge you by him I'm not
going to judge Trump I'm not just going
to judge Biden I'm going to say you
picked
him he he's on
you now they say the same thing to me
and to anybody who's Pro Trump they say
hey if you vote for Trump you're going
to have to wear that you don't get to
just votee and walk away You're a trump
supporter you're a maggot they'll say
you're a maggot I think we need to
borrow that because one of the things
that I like most about Trump supporters
is that when somebody calls them a
maggot racist
sexist they can look right at you and
say you don't bother
me you sound
drunk you're you're you're uh stupid
Silo opinions are not my
problem I love that I love that about
Trump supporters Republicans in general
to some extent but it's really a
characteristic of trump supporters that
you can take the most
abusive um treatment and you can look
him in the eye and say nice try
you I love that now let's see if if the
uh let's see if the young ladies who are
supporting
Biden can get there can they get there
or do you think that showing them as
with Biden as their accessory is going
to make them just puke I think it will
make them physically ill if you said you
know who you
are you are him you can't vote for him
and walk away you vote for Joe Biden you
are a
Democrat there's no there's no getting
around the fact that both Democrats and
Republicans we all see it 's a dementia
adult
decomposing half a
human if that's who you want to be your
earrings we're going to hang it off your
ears you're going to be a dementia cat
and here's what I would do that would be
the most
devastating you could take uh any any
regular voter if there was a way to do
this I hope it's not a Al if it's
illegal don't do it but I'll just talk
about this as persuasion if you took a
picture of Biden at his most dementia
adult whatever still Picture Tells that
story the best you know we see all the
pictures of him looking like a demon
just entered him through his ass um and
you put that in a split screen with the
voter now I'm not talking about famous
people just a voter and a young woman it
won't work with the guys uh maybe the
gay guys I don't know I don't know how
that works but the women I want their
picture to be right next to them and and
I want the label to say
Democrat and that's it I if you show a
25y old woman a picture of herself next
to a picture of Biden looking dementia
adult and then you label it dementi crat
and you're talking about the voter not
Biden that's
devastating cuz that's where you know
it's it's your boyfriend's bad
car yeah that's what Biden is Biden is
your boyfriend's beat up
wreck and if you want to get in
it people are going to judge you when
you get out of it when you when you pull
up to the restaurant and you get out of
the beat up car people are going to
judge
you and Democrats don't like being
judged so
if if you have something that your your
side is invulnerable to such as being
called
names then you want to drag them into
your fight let's see if they like it now
the names that people call Democrats are
too generic remember when when the
insult to Democrats used to be you're a
liberal I used to laugh at that all the
time it's like that's the best you can
do you're a
liberal oh it's a dirty word you're
liberal none of them cared about that
but you're a dementi acrat and here's
you with your new accessory how do you
like your jewelry it's aundy old man who
 his pants that's your jewelry go
wear that in public
cuz the Trump supporters don't mind what
you call them if you want to play in
that game here's your accessory dementia
grat all right
um there's an MB MSNBC host now I I
remind you that
MSNBC is like a a humor channel for
people like
politics wherever is the craziest
behavior of just bat crazy
it's going to be on MSNBC and if and if
you've not been hypnotized into their
little world it's just fascinating to
watch so
one of their hosts said uh that black
voters are moving toward Trump because
they are susceptible to
misinformation now not uniquely
susceptible simply
susceptible um and that is a
misinformation
problem do you think that's the problem
no it's because they're escaping from
misinformation they're escaping from
misinformation do you think that any of
the black men who are moving to to Trump
believe they he called neo-nazis Fine
people no that's an escape from
misinformation um but interestingly part
of that conversation on MSNBC is that
the black men and the black women are
perceiving things differently here it
comes remember I told you I was going to
just drive it all summer long that it's
a male female difference because once
that once that narrative becomes a
common one it's the
end yeah the the woman party won't won't
win in America especially if it's the
mentally ill women party which it is
like literally there's massive mental
illness among the young women who are
Democrats now partly they've done it to
themselves and maybe partly there's
something else going on there
but uh now we see on MSNBC that they're
noting that men and women are acting
differently and that the men are moving
toward Trump that is exactly the same
frame you're going to see
on the Five on Fox
News so the same narrative wait a minute
maybe this is little less about black
and white and maybe it's a little bit
more like men and
women as soon as that picture becomes
bigger uh the entire operation on the
left will fall apart
and it's really close push push
push all right
um and then the uh campaign
communications director for Biden was on
the show Michael Ty Michael Tyler is his
name and he said quote I do think that
this idea that there's going to be a
wave of black voters voting for Donald
Trump is highly unlikely because black
Americans know that Donald Trump is a
racist
what oh what what would be the evidence
for that the fine people
hoax the only evidence for that claim is
 that the Democrats literally just
made up and then tried to brainwash
their citizens I think that black
American
men just never believed it or don't
believe the news at
all so that's what I think
um July 1st is when Steve bannon's
supposed to go to jail and we don't know
where he would end up Rikers or there's
another one that's being talked about
but
apparently uh Bannon and his misdemeanor
are going to be in jail with dangerous
criminals dangerous
criminals now here's the
question this is just a recreational
thing to think about I want the best for
Steve abon I don't want him to go to
jail and if he goes to jail I want him
to survive and do as well as you can in
jail so
uh but here's a funny
thought and if if you've seen the uh the
Glenn Greenwald conversation with uh
with Tucker you you have some context
for this and I do recommend that you see
it and here's here's what I think could
happen benon is a
celebrity and even if you hate him you
know even if you're a Democrat he's
still a
celebrity and he has a certain
personality that is um not aate but he
has the common person
touch he also has a lot of
Charisma which is why he's Steve Bannon
and you're
not you put him in a prison even with
hardened
criminals I think they're going to be
friends when they get
out that's what I
think now of course anything could
happen and I'm no expert on prisons so
if there's just you know a gang thing or
a racial thing who knows you know so
it's a dangerous
situation but I think that if the
toughest Democrat of any demographic
group comes up to Steve Bannon and
starts talking to him he's going to walk
away saying you know actually he's kind
of kind of
cool I I think I think he's actually
going to change them more than they're
going to have an effect on him and I
think that when he comes out he will
have turned uh half of the jail into
Trump
voters there might be a
story that everybody who uh came into
contact with Steve Bannon turned into a
trump supporter in whatever month he in
there because if you think about it it
would be the first time they're hearing
real news think about that and and his
story is the people in charge have been
lying to you and you're probably here
for the wrong reasons like I am he is
going to he is going to bond with those
prisoners so
hard that he might leave
them Republicans when he's done as a
real thing I mean I actually think
that's going to happen how much of it
happens I don't know maybe it's just his
roommate he switches but uh or cellmate
but I think he's going to flip some
votes while he's in jail and if he does
that it's going to be the greatest story
of all time like yeah all we need is
here's what I
want here's my dream news my dream news
of course I don't want banon to go to
jail but if it happens the the best case
situation is that even before he gets
out there's somebody else who gets
released first who is with him you know
in the same cell block and says you
can't believe what's happening he just
turned the whole cell block
Republican oh God I want to hear that
because I think it's going to happen in
the real world I think he's going to
turn his cellblock
Republican all right Eric Weinstein had
a great
thread um of he gets a lot of questions
about quote what explains his asymmetric
focus on Democrats in the left in other
words people in his life and maybe on
social media are saying why are you
always so tough on the Democrats you
know it seems like there would be plenty
of ammunition to be tough on the
Republicans fair question and it's a
question which gets asked of me in
various ways as well but Eric's answer
to it is so close I mean really
identical to my opinion that um it's
very much worth calling out I I'll give
you the short version of it but he gives
lots of examples and the example is what
makes it strong but um the short answer
is uh well this these are his exact
words the short answer after some soul
searching and in introspection is simply
this the gaslighting of
experts the gaslighting of experts in
other words the gaslighting coming from
the
experts and he says that's not happening
from
Republicans Republicans are not
supporting a whole bunch of fake experts
who are telling you things that are just
clearly not true and lots of people are
involved in doing it and it's a whole op
involves the corporate media and the
Democrats and the the CIA and everything
else there's nothing like that happening
on the Republican side now you've heard
me say this right my my version of this
he he does a much better job of you know
saying a complete thought
um my version of this is that when
Republicans are wrong which happens a
lot you know I'm not going to excuse it
I think Republicans are wrong a lot and
they they create some fake news during
the political season but it's usually
individuals it's just somebody sees
something on social media and other
people pick it up and it's a bad source
and stuff like that but it's like you
know it's
organic but the Democrats are running
Ops Just One op after another that are
run from the top you know it's the
president it's the top 50 security
people in the country you know the
intelligence people signing a fake
document it's the fake uh Russia
collusion is everything about the
pandemic that was fake all the fake
doctors and he's right he's right you
cannot compare Republicans and
Democrats as like a political IAL
difference and like oh they both lie
that's not what's happening yes yes
there's lies from both sides and there's
incorrect stuff from both
sides but one side does it as a
scheme that's just not happening on
Republicans and I think the difference
is uh
principal I think the difference is
principal what's the different way to
say
that it's a system versus a goal
I I think the Democrats are goal driven
got to get rid of trump and then
everything that does that is
fine right it's a goal get rid of trump
that's the only goal if you only have
one goal then anything you do to get it
it's going to look pretty good the uh
Republicans are principal
driven they can't bring themselves to
lie as hard as it would take to compete
with that
stuff the the the Republicans are not
going to create
like a whole uh a structure of fake
news to fool you into voting wrong that
would be the opposite of the Republican
philosophy that you should all be well
informed and the Constitution rules and
we should do something like a republic
slash you know with Democratic
principles and as soon as you get
outside that model you lose Republicans
immediately except for the very you know
worst criminals I suppose but the
regular Democrats are all on board with
using lawfare to take out Trump even if
it's
illegitimate so long as it gets the job
done so if you're living in a world
where all the matters is the goal and
you've been told the goal is get rid of
Hitler then every bad behavior and any
amount of collusion coordination
scheming and plotting is all fine and by
the way if we were really getting rid of
Hitler I'd be fine with it too that
would be the exception
but as soon as Republicans see that
they're getting Outside the Lines their
their natural Republican instinct is oh
I don't want to become a bad person to
get a good result in fact it's the
biggest problem that the the Republicans
have where they operated on principle
with abortion and risk their entire
everything on
principle that was a hell of a thing by
the way you should be proud of that now
I I'm not giving you my opinion of
abortion because I think women should
work it out so I'm on a whole different
page from all of you but just hold that
in your in your mind how desperately
Republicans wanted to win and they they
couldn't let they couldn't let um
abortion
go that they were literally willing to
die on that principle that you can't
kill innocent life as they see it that
is pretty solid stuff
uh you you can disagree with it you know
like what's the best law to have you can
say that you like your you would prefer
to have abortion to be
legal but you can't say the Republicans
Now operate on principle to their own
destruction yeah if you're not going to
operate it on it on it to the point of
your own
destruction then it's not really a
principle is
it I this is another Glenn Greenwald
story he was talking about the uh ACLU
and do you remember the ACLU the in the
old days they supported the Nazis who
tried to do a rally in Sky I guess and
the ACLU who was you thought was going
to defend the good
people uh said no this is a free speech
thing and so a largely Jewish
organization funded largely by Jewish
donors this is according to
greenal um supported Nazis
and it became like the main thing that
the ACLU was known for and it destroyed
the entire
organization they had lost all their
funding bunch of people had to quit it
basically became a a shell of its former
self because it stood on
principle now what do we think about
that when we look at it in the past well
with
admiration and and with love that there
was somebody who traded everything
for free speech nobody likes the Nazis
well except the Nazis
but there was one one person who well a
number of people who said yeah we're
going to die in this hill and then they
did they died on it you know
professionally and career-wise and
reputationally they died on it and then
what was it that uh reconstituted the
ACLU why why is it a big robust entity
at the
moment well it looks like it's just a
captured Democrat hit squad like the
other captured Democrat his squads so
now they got plenty of funding because
it looks like they might do some bad
stuff to Trump and and Republicans so
now it's not what it used to be it's the
opposite all right uh if you didn't see
Senator Josh Holly grilling the Boeing
CEO it is wow it's hard to
watch because well here's the basics so
the Boeing CEO has to explain why
there's all these uh whistleblowers and
safety concerns and recent accidents of
the
vehicles and uh Senator Holly says how
much do you make and then when he
wouldn't answer directly Holly said it's
33 million isn't it he goes yeah that's
right so his annual pay the CEO is 30
$34
million and Holly says what do they pay
you for he
goes uh did you make profits he says no
we've never made profits while I've been
CEO so they're not paying you for
profits because you haven't done any are
they paying you for
safety oh yes you're definitely paying
me for safety well you didn't get safety
it's getting less safe so why are they
paying you if you're making it less safe
and you're not making money what's the
job of a CEO
that's why we pay that's why they pay
you can you explain and he wouldn't
leave it alone he was like you need to
explain why they pay
you if it's not safety and it's not
money why is
it now of course this is you know why do
you beat your spouse kind of a question
it's meant to embarrass him in public
but wow you did a good job of
embarrassing him in public uh the CEO to
his
credit you don't get into that job until
you have some tough skin so he did as
well as you could do but he had nothing
I mean he had nothing he just tried to
change the subject a little bit and got
beat up some more and tried to weave and
Dodge and got beat up some more uh it
could have been worse because he you
know he kept his outward demeanor at
least a little bit consistent but man he
got
destroyed wow
and uh and and Holly asked directly why
haven't you been
fired if you can't even explain what you
do why did they pay you it was a hell of
an attack persuasion wise now you could
say it's grandstanding and accomplish
nothing which it probably was and it
probably accomplished
nothing
um so uh there's some new reports that
uh China is helping out crack down on
some fenel stuff and they they helped
grab some guy who was accused of fental
trafficking over there and they they're
shutting down websites that are trying
to sell it and they're trying to uh
change the laws so the precursors are
illegal which we've asked them to
do
Etc so that's all going great right
isn't it great that China is really
cracking down on all that
fenel none of that's real none of that's
real there might have been one crook who
didn't give a kick back to a Chinese
government official so they locked them
up that's probably what happened there
might be some websites that are
competing with the one that they want to
sell the most that might be happening
right so I don't trust anything on this
topic especially an a China um but one
claim from a article on hot air is that
China is giving tax breaks to the
illegal drug trade they're getting tax
breaks people I don't know if that's
true
either but I would warn you not to
believe anything about China cracking
down on fenel don't believe a bit of it
that ladies and gentlemen is all I had
to do all I had to say today sorry I ran
long and I'm going to say bye to the
people on X and
Rumble uh and YouTube and I'm going to
stick around and talk to my beloveds on
locals thanks for joining I'll see you
tomor tomorrow and don't forget to buy
my new
book which I'm sure you've all bought by
now it's new but it's a uh compilation
of my godbr and the religion War which
you'll find preent written a long time
ago and a new short story that wraps up
the Avatar
sequence all right everybody thanks for
joining locals here I
come
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for