how about bum bum yes it's time for what
what is it time for that's right it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams and you
are here to enjoy it
hello everybody hello Brian
hello Sam hello ray and everybody else
whose names are not real names hello
Michelle
Tyler Marcus JP get in here and it's
time we have a thousand people it's time
to raise your class your cup your mug
your Chellis your stein your container
of beverages lift it to your lips
I hope it's filled with coffee but it
doesn't need to be to enjoy the
simultaneous sip it happens now oh
that's good simultaneous seven so we've
got a number of stories in the news most
of them are minor but because the news
has to sell product they are being
treated as major so the president has a
new temporary whatever that means chief
of staff Mulvaney the initial reports
are good so the people who seem to know
this
Mulvaney guys say he's smart and he's
the real deal and he could be good so
there's not much to say about that
it sounds like you may have picked a
good person next there's a judge who who
seems to have a judge in Texas seems to
have said that Obamacare is
unconstitutional
like the whole Obama care I don't know
what that means yet my first guess is to
ignore it like my first instinct is that
okay that's a big nothing
it'll be appealed it'll get turned over
an appeal so the Obamacare story is
probably closer to nothing than
something but we'll wait and see on that
there is another story in CNN who is
always looking for trouble they're
always looking for trouble if it's
anything about Trump and the latest is
that the Trump Hotel in Washington where
I have stayed I actually stayed at the
Trump Hotel when I went to Washington
last night that apparently they charged
way more than normal for the campaign so
in other words the Trump campaign paid
the Trump Hotel this is what CNN is
reporting and they're saying that Ivanka
may have been involved in some part of
the negotiations for the price and they
talked about the price and they say I
guess somebody wanted to pay eighty five
thousand a night but the ho Trump was
right the hotel was tried to trade to
charge one hundred and seventy something
a night so here's what's missing from
the story do you see anything missing
from the story so for a big inauguration
party
the Trump campaign wanted to use the
Trump Hotel and the price was about
double what the campaign wanted to want
it to pay and therefore it's a scandal
is there is there something missing with
this story yes there's something missing
here's what's missing it's what every
Hotel does he has someone somebody just
said do you know a hotel charges for
their facilities here's the exact price
that every Hotel charges for everything
they do yeah and I'll be very precise
this is exactly what every Hotel charges
for everything they do whatever they can
get all hotels charge as much as they
can get and that varies based of the
season the day the occupancy varies on a
lot of things now if your name was the
Trump Hotel and your location was
Washington DC and somebody named Trump
just won the presidency unexpectedly
what is the market value of space in the
Trump Hotel in Washington DC answer
about double the market rate about
double right because there is no there
was no place in Washington that would
have been cooler more appropriate more
perfect for that event for that group
where was the second place they were
gonna go well wherever that second place
was going to go probably it was busy
probably they were gonna overcharge and
if you were there you are not in a Trump
property which would have made it twice
as cool when I when I visited the
president in August the only reason I
went to to Washington was to visit the
president and for me there was no there
was no decision about where to stay I
didn't even price any other hotels
because if you're gonna go visit
president Trump you stay at the trough
Hotel right it's just it just makes the
whole trip a little bit more complete in
some way so when I watched CNN cover
this story I watched to see okay
somebody's going to tell them that all
hotels raise the price as high as
possible for the market conditions and
that this ad that this particular case
was the ultimate market condition so was
it true that a trump hotel property and
I'm not sure exactly what the ownership
is the hotel if it's a more of a
licensing deal where they're using the
name Rafi owns it doesn't matter really
but should they have negotiated as hard
as possible with the campaign yes they
should the Trump Hotel should negotiate
as hard as possible with the campaign do
you know why they should do that look
let me put that out there if the hook if
the Trump Hotel had not charged
as much as they thought they could get
what would we be talking about today
it's a trick question what would we be
talking about in the news today
if the Trump Hotel had given the
campaign a good price right it would
have been in the illegal campaign
contributions the one and only way this
was this was legal the only way it was
legal as if the Trump Hotel tried as
hard as possible to screw the Trump
campaign and if the Trump campaign tried
as hard as possible to screw the Trump
Hotel and according to the story that's
exactly what happened the Trump campaign
negotiated as hard as it could
against the Trump hotel and they they
ended up on a price I don't know what
the price was but if you can tell me
tell me with a straight face that that's
not the way it's supposed to work tell
me how that what's the other way it's
supposed to work the other way is
illegal we live in a capitalist country
they're both supposed to screw each
other as hard as possible that's what
they tried to do no story there's no
story there all right I want to read you
something that's funny to me when I read
when I read CNN's homepage on their
website I'm not joking about this I read
it for the for the jokes and when I say
the jokes I mean the things that just
strike me as funny when I read CNN so
here's the top left story meaning the
most important story in CNN's opinion
because they put it on the top and the
left that's where you put the good stuff
it says Trump's worst nightmare that's
the big headline and I'm thinking my
goodness this is going to be some bad
stuff whatever is under the headline
Trump's worst nightmare in the top
position in the news that's some bad
stuff let's see what it is and it says
weeks of devastating revelations of
oh my god devastating revelations these
are not normal revelations these are
devastating
go on have left the president's
political career clouded by criminality
ah and his life under a legal microscope
wait what that what did that say clouded
by criminality that means other people's
criminality do you know who else's life
is crowded is clouded with criminality
CNN you me were all clouded with
criminality
if clouded with criminality means that
people you know well or have worked with
have been criminals well I'm pretty
guilty of that I have known people who
I've even had friends I've had friends
who were total criminals I didn't know
about it and then until they went to
jail so clouded with criminality
yes so if you noticed the CNN they must
have a whole department whose only job
is to come up with new ways to say that
the president is a criminal without
actually saying he's a criminal so you
want to say things like the evidence
indicates or the evidence implicates the
President or he's under a cloud of
criminality or there's a swarming turd
parade around him you know they're just
coming up with more and more clever ways
to say he's not doing anything he hasn't
done anything himself but they're yeah
the walls are closing in the walls are
closing in that's one of my favorite
ones and worse than Watergate worse than
Watergate compared to Watergate this
would make people tremble it'll make
people tremble and then you actually
look at the news and you say if
everything about the Cohan story is
actually the way it's reported there's
no problem let me let me tell you
something that you're gonna be mad you
haven't heard on television if you're
watching the news all right I'm gonna
tell you something that's insanely
obvious insanely obvious but only after
I say it and watch how this watch how
this hits you true or false and I
believe everyone on all sides of Trump
related things would acknowledge that
the next things I say are true so I
don't think there would be any dispute
on what I'm going to say next there are
very highly qualified lawyers who say
that the president the United States has
broken laws and that he's in serious
legal jeopardy over this
Cowen's situation true we'd all agree
that's true right there are a number of
highly qualified lawyers who say that
this president has broken laws and that
the coen situation is a dangerous legal
jeopardy for him true everybody else
would also agree that there's another
set of lawyers more pro-trump lawyers
who are also highly qualified highly
paid highly accomplished who say there's
no problem here at all
right now I'm not I'm not saying which
one's right I'm saying that as an
observer it is objectively true that
there are highly qualified lawyers on
opposite sides some say he's guilty as
hell and in a lot of trouble some say
there's that literally nothing here
right now can you remember what is the
standard for conviction is the standard
for a conviction some people say he's
guilty and some people say he's not no
that's not the standard the standard for
conviction is guilty beyond a reasonable
doubt did I just describe guilty beyond
a reasonable doubt
if I can fill a stadium if I can fill a
stadium with high qualified lawyers who
say in my opinion there's not even a law
here that's been violated is that guilty
beyond a reasonable doubt not even close
not even close now do you feel angry
that nobody put it to you the way I just
did if you take into consideration the
size and the quality and the experience
of the lawyers to say there's no real
problem here it doesn't matter if
they're only ten percent and there are
ninety percent saying the other thing
that doesn't matter ten percent of
highly qualified lawyers who are not
even involved in the case who say I
don't see it looks to me like it's
confusing the laws ambiguous it's not
being applied evenly there's nothing to
see here that's a hundred percent good
enough to guarantee this president's not
in trouble legally politically yes
Baliga Lee now so now that I've said
that how do you feel about the
president's legal jeopardy from just the
Cowen stuff we're just limiting it to
the code stuff but so so somebody's
saying Judge Napolitano on Fox News said
the president's in trouble I I didn't
see that but I saw the headlines does
that matter
does it matter how many lawyers say he's
in legal trouble it doesn't matter it
only matters that there is a substantial
number of you know legitimate well
trained lawyers who say I know it looks
vague to me it looks this the standard
is not useful there isn't the slightest
chance they'd given all of those lawyers
who say it's not even illegal that he's
going to get convicted now keep in mind
the lawyers who say it's not even
illegal are not saying that
didn't do it everybody's looking at
exactly the same facts
we're not even arguing the truth of the
facts even the people who say there's no
law assume that all the facts that had
been in evidence are the facts right
that there was a payment bla bla what
logical fallacy is stacking the deck
with all those lawyers what I'm saying
is that there is no stacking the deck as
long as there are plenty of lawyers who
say we don't even we can't even
determine that there's a real client
crime here you can guarantee that no
jury is going to be a hundred percent on
one side if you can't even get the
lawyer's degree if it's illegal because
because that's not the case with
anything else right if you said somebody
murdered somebody could you find a
lawyer to argue that murder isn't
actually even illegal I don't think so
anyway that was a bad analogy the CNN
also has an article on here called
impeachment 101 it says here's how it
would work and then in parentheses if it
actually happened what what persuasion
technique you see and then using when
they you when they write an article says
impeachment 101 here's how it would work
if it actually happened alright that's
not news that is persuasion they're
making you think past the sale so
they're making you think past the the
impeachment as if we're just accepting
that as sort of a routine thing and now
we're thinking about the details of it
yeah so that is just persuasion now it's
not and it's not an unreasonable article
but it would be better to say here's how
impeachment works just as a reminder
that would be a little more objective
than to say
it happens here's how it would work all
right they're taking your mind into the
future where you're thinking about a
specific president having a specific
income they could have made this
objective and said it's very unlikely
there would be an impeachment because
the Senate is never going to go for it
anyway so it's wasted time and it's
politically unwise but wouldn't you like
a refresher about what an impeachment is
all right that would be an objective way
to say it this still makes you think a
little bit past the sale but it because
it's framed differently you know you
start by saying there's no way it's
gonna happen but since we're talking
about Italy here's a refresher course on
what impeachment is and how it works
all right that would have been fair this
is just persuasion okay now here's my
most fun topic of the day I sent out a
let's say a poorly conceived to tweet
day before yesterday in which I was
saying that President Trump was the most
Pro LGBTQ president ever now of course I
knew when I said it that it would be
provocative and would get people
chattering which was part of the fun
I mean why use Twitter if you can't
can't be interesting but I got some
pushback I wanted to talk about the
pushback because I thought it was pretty
good though since it's such a rarity in
this world to see anybody incorporate
new information and then revise their
opinion I thought it would be useful to
see me do it in public right now I will
confess that I was under informed on
this topic and if you tweet something
that's under informed you will get
informed very quickly so I got quite
informed but there's still some big
holes here maybe some of you can help me
fill it in all right so I'm going to
give you the president Trump Pro
argument and then I'll give you the
pushback I
so the pro is that this is president
Trump is the first president to come
into office in favor of gay marriage or
at least not having a problem with it
it's not so much in favor it's just he
didn't care one way or the other so on
that on that narrow point he's he was
more advanced than every president
before him because even President Obama
came in you know a little anti gay
marriage so that's one thing all right
we'll talk about the negatives in a
moment so I'm not ignoring them we're
just going to get to them second
secondly he is appointed the first
openly gay diplomat to a major country
ambassador at Cornell to Germany so that
I think you have to give them that right
now I'm sure there have been plenty of
you know openly gay people of service in
government so I'm not sure that's the
biggest deal in the world it just it
must be it must be just specific to
diplomats so I wouldn't say that's the
biggest thing in the world but the fact
that he did it at all you know goes in
his column all right now let's talk
about the negatives so so here's the
pushback I got number one his vice
president is Mike Pence and Mike Pence
could be arguably the most anti-gay
politician that we've known or you know
he's in the top top 10% probably so how
could the president be pro while his
vice president he picked is so anti good
point except let's put it in context he
hired Trump I'm sorry
Trump brought on pence not because they
agreed on that stuff he brought him on
to win because he needed a certain
constituency to be on his side
and so pence for the next four to eight
years let's say was safe the
not the next but for a period of four or
eight years of the Trump presidency what
did Trump do to the most anti-gay voice
in America pence he completely silenced
them because the vice president doesn't
have the option of having his own
opinion on this at least not one that he
can say in public so which which
Democratic president never silenced the
most anti-gay political voice in the
country I have never heard of any
Democratic president silencing a
Republican anti-gay voice a president
Trump did he took the most anti gay guy
and completely silenced him right do you
remember at the I guess was at the the
Republican convention and correct me if
I'm wrong but I believe the president
president Trump candidate Trump that
held up a dandy he'll hold up a rainbow
flag the wood that was pro-lgbt
and I believe he had a a full-throated
endorsement of him taking care of that
community I said this the other day and
and this next part is completely
invisible to the entire left and and
that is this this since since Trump
became elected I have never heard even I
can't think of one anti-gay thing coming
out of a Republican it feels as if Trump
changed the Republican I don't know
priorities
maybe if not their minds because he
paced the Republicans for so long that
when he gets in office oh yeah and then
Peter Thiel spoke at the GOP convention
I thought that was important so it seems
to me that Trump has done something that
no Democrat has ever done he he
completely it seems and again I'm gonna
I'm gonna put this out to your opinion
and or fact-checking but it seems to me
that Trump has changed the GOP platform
and entire attitude about the gay
lesbian population in a way that no
Democrat ever did and no Republican ever
did am I wrong about that
I believe that Trump's sort of
live-and-let-live attitude especially
and here's the weird part the weirdest
thing about Trump is that his own
personal life is let's say complicated
and therefore he he takes a Republican
group that was judgy about personal
stuff right wouldn't you say that the
GOP has traditionally been pretty
judgmental about what you did in your
personal life and am I correct that
that's gone what it wasn't that long ago
everybody was saying hey get the GOP and
in my bedroom it's not even an issue
anymore it feels to me that Trump has
completely taken the the anti-gay at
least on the surface of the GOP it just
made a go away i I hear no anti-gay
stuff from any GOP person period no but
I'm not done because as I said the my my
critics on this point were not without
their good points here's the next one
somebody said that Trump has nominated
more anti-gay judges than anybody before
I don't know if that's true he I don't
know if there are more anti-gay judges
or if every time a Republican appointed
judges they seem to anti-gay but here's
the thing what is an anti-gay judge
is it a thing because the Republicans
are more about just picking judges that
will interpret the Constitution and not
favor anybody so I'm going to take my
critics comment that there are such
things as anti-gay judges and I'm going
to give them at least a little more than
partial credit
I'm not going to discount that one
because we do it live in a world where
judges are not really unbiased entirely
you have judges are biased because
they're human beings
and so that might be a real thing I
would say that doesn't matter until they
actually rule on something that matters
so if they never rule on something
probably doesn't matter there was
another comment I didn't quite follow
about dropping protections in the
workplace but I don't remember what the
details of that were I don't know how
many people it affects but that probably
was a good point too I just don't know
the details all right so the next one is
the interesting one
it's about trans transgenders trans and
gender folks in the military and on that
point absolutely true that the president
is not the most Pro transgender
president we've ever had
that would have been Obama and Obama was
more permissive of transgender in
military the president's orders or his
administration apparently is less so I
think the current situation the current
situation is that if you're already in
the military you can stay which is not
really a very friendly policy so that's
that sort of anti now sort of that's
anti-transgender just to say all right
you can stay if you're already here but
we can't let anymore like you in all
right so I would say that the critics
are correct when they say that's more
anti transgender but I would add this
context
the military is the one place where
discrimination is expressly allowed if
not encouraged so if you try to take the
military use situations and lump it in
with any civilian situations it just
becomes nonsense
it's sort of nonsense to say that the
way we treat the military tells us
something about the way we treat the
rest of life because the military is a
discrimination organization by design
and by universal preference let me give
you an example if I went to join the
military would they let me in no they'd
say you're a certain age we cannot let
you in when my when my father went to
join the military before World War two
or I guess the word just started my
father was not allowed to join because
he had a he had an unusual deformity in
his chest something he was born with and
the doctor said no we can't let you in
the military because you've got this
chest deformity thing and we don't know
how that will affect your health now it
turns out he lived - I know 86 or
something whatever he was 83 86 so it
didn't really affect his health in any
way that we ever determined but they
discriminated against them for a medical
condition so the military is where we
ask people to discriminate we don't stop
it we just make sure that they don't
discriminate for stupid reasons right so
discriminating against black folks would
be a bad reason because there's you know
all the evidence suggests that
everybody's fine in the military it
doesn't matter what your ethnicity is
that doesn't make any difference yeah we
want the best fighters now so the
question on transgenders is whether they
fall into the category that I do or my
father did which is that there's
something about us that from a
standpoint of looking at the averages
that you don't want people like me you
don't want people who are you know too
short too heavy
unhealthy etc because it's expensive and
they might affect the readiness now my
understanding of transgender in the
military is that if you're if let's say
if you've had if you've had your
surgeries and you're all good and your
health is good it probably doesn't make
much difference at all but there must be
people who are in different stages where
they have greater military risks and
costs I think that's the argument but I
would not claim that to be true because
I'm not the expert on the medical
conditions of transgender but here's the
point if the decision about whether they
can serve or not is based on medical
expense even if it's just the average
meaning that there could be plenty of
transgender who just don't have that
problem they're they're stable they
don't have a medical problem they're fit
for service they're a plus that could be
true and still it would be OK for the
military to discriminate because they
discriminate against all kinds of
classes old people short people etc and
surely there are short people who could
be good soldiers surely there are old
people who could you know operate a
drone or do some paperwork or you know
shoot you two or be a pilot suppose so
so the question is on any fact abases is
the military discriminating in a way
that's similar to the other ways they're
allowed to discriminate if they are then
then then they're doing the right thing
if they're discriminating without the
benefit of fact well then it's just
wrong and that should be changed but I
don't know which is which is the case
so to my critics who said hey the
president is not the most Pro LGBTQ
president because transgenders don't
have as much rights as they do for the
military as they did under Obama I rank
that criticism true absolutely true
good pushback and an accurate correction
and I have to admit that when I when I
sent the tweet I often forget about the
T in LGBTQ but I also have to ask myself
why are they lumped in there right why
why do you throw transgender in with gay
and lesbian like who decided that that's
where they belong isn't that by itself a
little discriminate E if you were
transgender would you be delighted that
you are thrown in with the gay and
lesbians who you might love I'm not
saying that you would dislike that but
from a political perspective if you're
transgender D is that your team is your
team the people who are not transgender
because you do you know what gay people
are not transgender do you know what
straight people are often transgender
right so I don't know how LGBTQ makes
sense
I kept gay and lesbian that makes
perfect sense why you would lump them
you know in a politically active group
but I don't know how how T belongs in
there but that said my my tweet that
this president was the best to all the
LGBTQ is false false in the transgender
category and then with the judges and
when the selection depends you
definitely have some eyebrows going up
and that's fair I would say Pence is
irrelevant
he's been silenced I'd say the entire
Republican Party has been silenced on at
least gay and lesbian stuff the
transgender stuff ends up being a little
bit
or about the budget and we could be
wrong about that or we could be right
about that and it would be terrible to
be wrong about it but it's not the wrong
question because the military does get
to discriminate
all right then there's one other issue
in the same topic which is there's some
problem or there's some issue with this
administration has reduced access for
HIV testing of some kind because of
access to
I know stem cells or something like that
and if that makes a difference then I
would say that would also be a good
criticism for something that would look
you know anti LGBTQ in this case anti
gay and lesbian anti yeah yes I again
let's been praying primarily anti gay
mostly so if that's true I don't say
that's a good point and but here's my
question a lot of what the Trump
administration does is get rid of
regulations and and things that just
weren't helping so it could be true for
example that climate change is a problem
Wallet could be also true that getting
rid of getting out of the Paris Accord
agreement was still the right thing to
do so you have to distinguish between
the problem and and what we're doing
about it because if what we're doing
about the problem doesn't help getting
added that doesn't mean you don't
believe in the problem anymore all right
likewise if whatever the government was
doing before and that know the details
was really helping and then we stopped
doing it that would be bad but I don't
know that's the case it could be the
case that whatever we were doing with
allowing people access to stuff they
have another way to get it so the
government doesn't need to be involved
etc so I don't know the details of that
but I'm open to the
criticism alright so I take my I take my
criticism seriously when it's actually
fact-based so the criticism I got in
this were all fact-based
and I take them all seriously so I
appreciate the correction and I'm
getting beat up all day on Twitter about
this so maybe I'll send them to this
periscope hey thanks for the super heart
Herbert by the way any of those who like
to reward me for the fun you have during
the simultaneous up and coffee with
Scott Adams you can send the super are
there's a little icon at the bottom of
your screen if you click it you'll
you'll see what that's all about Google
still has me as a Nazi you say well so
giving you an update on that let's see
what I'm gonna Google myself and see
what comes up doo doo
alright so here will be a test to see if
they're still calling me a Nazi now on
the top page all good so the the first
search results that come up it looks
like they've been scrubbed of the Nazi
the Nazi Photoshop job that somebody did
on me but that's probably because
probably because at least some of those
pictures or at least one of them went to
a Twitter account that got killed by
Twitter so fair is fair let's give
credit where credit is due I had a
problem with Twitter because it was a
Twitter account pretending to be me in
the Nazi uniform I reported it using
Twitter's own process and within one day
the account was taking that so if I'm
being if
being objective twitter did everything I
would ask of Twitter on this topic I've
know nothing but positive to say about
this topic about Twitter Google however
is another question because if I were to
click the images
how far down would I have to go before I
see a picture of me in a Nazi uniform
photoshopped of course I would never put
on a Nazi uniform and then right below
that a second level so Google still has
me listed in the top ten which you would
see in your first you know if you
clicked Google Images and so all my
images it would be in the top ten now I
don't know how to score this because the
fact that so many of you went and
clicked on it because I'm talking about
it might be the reason that there
surfaced so high it could be that I've
just talked about it too much so there's
no way to really know if the algorithm
is driving it up at this point because
so many of you clicked on it because I
know I drew attention to it so I'm gonna
have to wait a few weeks to see if the
algorithm lowers them naturally if it
doesn't I would still conclude that
Google is a the Google is a racist
basically there's no other way to say
that right if if Google either allows or
is behind the demonization of me in a
Nazi uniform let me ask you this would
they ever put a non white male in a Nazi
uniform
well you might see a meme somewhere
about that but generally speaking it's
an anti white male thing it's racist so
Google right now I don't know if does
Google have other racist images that
they leave up is that a thing okay it
does Google allow any image that's a
real picture to stay up in their images
if it's obviously and unambiguously just
a racist image because they've got two
completely racist images so if if those
images don't go down in the rankings or
disappear it's not reverse racism it's
just plain old racism I let's let's stop
saying reverse there's no reverse to it
it's not reversed
it's just racism there's there's no
other way to paint that all right Google
is allowing the racist images I'm on the
top search now if that's who they want
to be now I'll wait a week or so but if
that's who Google wants to be then I
will I will certainly help their brand
if Google wants to be racist I will I
will be the first one to help them brand
that hashtag racist Google or hashtag
Google racist now racist Google is
better because I'd like Google to come
up as a autofill whenever you're typing
racists if they keep it but you know
let's wait a week for that
no I don't think lawsuit lawsuit is not
really the way to go on any of this
because it's impossible to win lawsuits
like this
did you know Johnny Hart I met him once
are the new free speech platforms doomed
well it's a the trouble is that the the
big social networks have what's called
the network effect if you don't invest
in in startups and tech companies you
don't know what the the network effect
is and the network effect is that once
all of your friends are in one place you
know such as on Twitter or Facebook
you're just not gonna leave because
everybody you know is on the other
platform so now I would say there's no
real chance that the big social networks
will have a free-speech competitor let
me tell you why the day a new
free-speech competitor opens up let's
say gab they have one really really big
problem
who are the first people who go to a
free speech app who goes first well who
goes first other people who got kicked
off the other ones
yeah racists so real racists real
racists end up being your your base
users and then people who are not racist
they say oh I like free speech too so I
think I'll go over there and the first
thing they realize is that there are a
lot of racists over there so they have a
business model that the free speech apps
have a business model that almost can't
work they need to figure out how to
tweak that business model to prevent
that problem
and and what one of the ways that I'm
I'm wondering I don't I don't think
anybody's done this yet but suppose
suppose you had an app that allowed you
to post to the social media entities but
when it did it also posted automatically
to a free-speech place so let's say
nobody can join the free-speech site use
it's impossible to join it you can only
join the other sites but every post also
shows up as a mirror on the sort of a
mirror free-speech site and and if
you've Arbit and already been kicked off
a twitter then your your your message
just goes wherever wherever it's allowed
if you had that wouldn't you be able
over time to build a an audience for
this free speech one because it wouldn't
be any comments on how would you like to
have a social media platform that showed
all the tweets but none of the comments
and if you wanted to see the comments
you'd have to go back to the site it
came from so I I'm just brainstorming
here but listen so let's say you've got
an app that posts all of your tweets to
multiple platforms puts it on Twitter
but it also puts it on gab maybe it puts
it somewhere else and then if you want
to read them if you want to read tweets
you just go to the free-speech one do
you'll see everything but the one thing
it doesn't have is no comments because
aren't the comments the bad part if you
had a choice of just not reading any
dumbass troll comments would that be a
plus or a negative somebody saying
HootSuite and HootSuite is designed for
a different purpose and that's important
because HootSuite is optimized for
business users we're trying to you know
schedule things and time things and
measure things and
hit all the social media stuff but it's
a little awkward and hard to use so I
tried to use HootSuite a few years ago
and it was just so hard that I just
stopped using it so if you had an app it
would have to be as easy to use as just
posting a tweet if it's not as easy to
use as just posting a tweet
nobody's gonna freaking use it and and
HootSuite is harder to use than posting
a tweet somebody says they like the
comments the most well you you would
still have access to the comments if you
clicked on the tweet and you wanted to
see the comments you would just go over
to the platform where it where they show
the comments your tweets appear on gab
my tweets appear on gab do that somebody
says my tweets appear on gab is that
true somebody is somebody mirroring them
somehow magazine you're proposing a
magazine I guess I am
you know what suppose you took all the
alright so here's a model so right now
if I read my Twitter feed or any social
media feed it's in chronological order
suppose you created a social media site
that organized it like a magazine so you
would send your your one message it
would go to Twitter in its normal way
and people could comment on it and
everything go to goes to Facebook goes
to Instagram if it's if it's Instagram
Abul but it also goes to a magazine and
what the magazine does is it organizes
the tweets by topic so you would see all
the you see all the tweets on this
hashtag all the trees on that now of
course you can always click on a hashtag
and do that within the social media
networks but it's a little extra step
it's not edited and work
right or somebody saying Flipboard the
Flipboard is sort of what I'm talking
about except that there's no app that
sends one content to all those things
including two Flipboard as far as I know
not me too complicated so suppose you
have an app that lay your post to all
those media sites including this
magazine e1 and from the app you could
then go read your comments on any one of
those sites so it just lets you go back
and forth from Facebook Instagram
Twitter or whatever the other is anyway
that's the idea enough on that the basic
idea is that the current free speech
platforms have a problem with their
business model that I don't know you can
solve and I will talk to you later