oh hey everybody come on in it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams the best
time of the day until the other best
times but it's the best time so far and
you don't need much if you want to join
I think you know you need a cup or a mug
or a glass a snifter stein chalice
tankard thermos flask canteen Grail
goblet vessel of any kind so with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure the
best part of the day the thing that
makes everything better
the simultaneous it go temperature
perfect flavor exceptional one of the
best one of the best so we got lots of
fun things in the news was it was it
yesterday I'm losing track of time was
it yesterday that I said I wanted to try
to get Matt Gaetz
to be a guest on my periscopes and I
said I you should all follow him on
Twitter and maybe if he gets 10,000 new
followers in a day that would get his
attention and he would say hey okay I'll
be on your periscope for 15 minutes so
what happened in 24 hours you amazing
sexy and brilliant people gave Matt
Gaetz
10,000 new followers I swear to god
sometimes I think I'm writing this
simulation I had I asked for 12,000 what
had been 12,000 I don't know I said
let's get him 10,000 followers of the
next day I checked it's like it's about
10,000 new followers
not exactly but somewhere in that
neighborhood and since then Matt Gaetz
has said yes and we are scheduled for
tomorrow
so tomorrow
congressman maggots will appear on this
periscope assuming the technology works
it'll be the first time he's used
periscope as a guest so I don't know if
it'll work on the first try but that's
the plan all right I love the fact that
Trump not only released the photo of the
hero dog but he pinned it
it's pin dot is on his Twitter feed he
decided that that was the most important
thing to pin to his Twitter feed the
picture of this adorable dog now
somebody asked me about that in terms of
persuasion I don't think I have to tell
you people like dogs we love dogs
there's only one thing that the public
likes better than dogs it's not people I
think you'd agree right I think we all
like not you know there are few people
don't like dogs but in general people
like dogs more than they even like
people we certainly like dogs more than
we like politicians generally speaking
so having this dog as the sort of the
face of the operation was pretty good
but there is one thing there is one
thing we like better than dogs what is
it
hero dogs that's right
there's nothing better and a hero dog oh
wait wait I'm getting a message in my
ear no there's one thing we like better
than hero dogs wounded Purple Heart hero
dogs BAM most popular thing in the world
so Trump is quite cleverly putting that
dog forward and it has the secondary
value of putting putting Isis in its
place what is Isis is Isis that brutal
but effective organization that is
capturing territory and threatening the
entire civilization of the world oh ho
that's so last year well
so last administration really today Isis
is the organization whose leader was
beaten by dog literally not only did the
dog get there first but the dog caused
him to murder his own children before
taking his own life well actually at the
same time I think the dog gets the kill
because there's no report that there was
a human at least pointing a got that and
at the time that happened so good for
the dog now compare the way Trump is
managing this whole situation - let's
say that somebody who is allegedly at
the same level and should be able to
persuade just as well let's take Bernie
Sanders for example what's the latest
photo of Bernie Sanders flashes of video
the video of Bernie Sanders talking to
the public he's standing with a
representative to Labe and the two of
them I'm not even making this up this
sounds like a joke I swear to god this
is true he did a video standing in front
of empty store shelves
the Socialists did a video in which they
stood in front of empty store shelves
now what was Bernie talking about in his
video hell if I know I even watched a
little bit of the video and I don't know
what he was talking about I I mean I
probably knew when I watched it
completely uninterested in what he had
to say but the visual oh my god could
you come up with the worst visual if
you're running to be a socialist and
empty store shelf now let me ask you
this try to imagine this this is almost
impossible to imagine which is the
reason I'm asking you to do it
imagine Trump
here's the hard part imagine he was
running as a socialist it's hard to it's
impossible really to imagine that but
just imagine it can you imagine Trump
agreeing to stand in front of empty
shelves while doing a video while
running to be a socialist president you
cannot
it's literally unimaginable do you think
that Trump when he's asked to be on a
video of any kind you know if let's say
he has some control over the video do
you think that he doesn't look what's
behind him he does well I'm not I'm not
reading his mind I'm just saying that if
you have a certain skill set for a
persuasion you don't not look what's
behind you that's sort of persuasion 101
contacts to Elsa's in it what's the
camera angle how's my lighting how's my
makeup how's my hair am I wearing a good
suit is it well pressed is my necktie
straight do you think Trump lets any of
that go no way there isn't the slightest
possibility the Trump would have made an
enormous enormous mistake like that
standing in front of empty shelves to do
a video that he knows the world is going
to look at incredible all right
there's there's a lot of a bickering on
TV about whether or not president
Trump's description of the final moments
of al-baghdadi is accurate or not was he
actually whimpering and crying in his
final moments are you kidding me let me
remind you of something do you know who
writes history I'll wait
yeah who writes history is it beg daddy
no no he can't write in history because
he's resting in pieces no bag daddy will
not be writing
in the history how about the other
people in Isis who are dead will they be
writing any history no no now the dead
people don't write history how about the
people are still alive in Isis but
they're hiding will they write history
no no they don't get to write history do
you know who gets write history the dog
because the dogs the winner
the dog is who beat al Baghdady the dog
gets to write history but but you're
probably ahead of me here dogs can't
talk right well maybe this one can I
wouldn't be surprised if the military
had a talking dog I don't think so
but you know there are always a few
years added in their technology
President Trump won the war
he killed Baghdady who gets to write
history I don't make the rules I didn't
make the rules President Trump wrote us
some history and the history he wrote as
al-baghdadi was whimpering and crying
until the end that's it that's your
history is it true is it true do I care
do you what's the best history doesn't
matter what's the best one it's the one
you're the only one you're gonna get is
the one that's written by the winners
now here's my advice to the critics of
the president find something else to
criticize because really it's a
target-rich environment right I'm pretty
sure you can find something you can make
something up about Russia you could make
something up about Ukraine and it's
phone call maybe you could call it less
than perfect but can we just agree as a
country that we won this round and that
we get the right we got the right thing
Esther II
and I don't mind if the president does
the first draft so let him write a
history is it exactly accurate is any of
your history accurate think about it is
any of your history accurate I think the
names and dates are accurate but is the
motivation the details the variables you
know who did what and why and what
should have happened what could have
happened who made the decision is any of
that accurate probably not probably not
not in any country because the winners
write the history not the objective
observers objective observers don't get
the opportunity it's not their job you
know they could try to fix things in
biographies later but good luck with
that all right so here's the worst take
from the pundits on that whole Baghdadi
daddy thing I saw some pundits speculate
that perhaps we have some video in the
tunnel maybe it was on a dog or a drone
or whatever
I'm guessing dog and somebody suggested
that maybe we had a video camera on the
dog but not what do you know what it's
2019 do you think there's anybody who
said let's design a camera for a dog and
the dog is supposed to sort of go into
danger first so we can see what's
happening before we send humans in there
let's put a video on the dog and then
some engineer says an audio of course
right do you think there was anybody in
the room who said no audio no audio I
don't think so I think that's sort of
automatic now here's here's a perfect
example of loser think loser think as I
define it is not being dumb per se
rather it's simply not being exposed to
certain domains and ways of thinking
that would be more productive here's
what these pundits have
we are not exposed to technology if you
worked in the technology field and you
heard that the dog had a video camera is
there any doubt in your mind if you have
any background or knowledge and
technology is there any doubt in your
mind that it also had an audio of course
not
of course I had audio you would only
know you need to know this much about
the world about how economics and how
the law works I'll explain that in a
second and how technology works you know
that the audio portion of the technology
is so trivially cheap especially if
you're already streaming the video for
god sakes it's probably in the same
signal you would know it's there I think
maybe people at a blind spot because a
lot of our security cameras have no
video why do the security cameras that
you see in public everywhere and have no
video I'm sorry they have video but why
do they have no audio because that's the
law the law says you can't have these
public security cameras that also have
audio because you don't want it picking
up private conversations that's the law
it's not the technology I'm pretty sure
they could put audio on any video camera
they want it's 2019 for God's sakes all
right the other thing that I would like
to remind people this is the perfect
time to do it is that our military
including the civilian leadership our
military does not have an obligation to
give truth to the American public you're
okay with that right because I'm okay
with that I'll say it again
our military has no obligations no
obligation not even a little bit to tell
the American public or anybody else the
truth because there you can imagine a
lot of situations in which the truth
works against the objective and they
have one objective you know keeps the
country safe that's sort of it
and if the best way to do that is with a
little bit of stretching the truth may
be you leave out some of your secretary
secret techniques
maybe you tell the story in the way that
prevents the problems from reoccurring
in the future so as we're listening to
our military which we have complete
respect for I think I think you most of
you on this periscope would agree our
respect for our military in United
States is unparalleled
probably nobody has that level of
respect probably definitely when you say
definitely nobody has more respect in
the United States that our military
still they may be telling us some
 sometimes I'm gonna trust them
because they they've earned that level
of respect and Trust I'm going to trust
them that when they lie to us because
they will it's for a good reason and
that I'd be better off with the lie than
the truth so just keep that in mind as
information comes out for example is it
this is a perfect example is it true
that within 24 hours we gave a burial at
sea to the remains of Baghdad
it might be true it could be I'm
guessing now how many how many pieces of
Baghdad II did we even find I mean what
was left of them was that a priority was
it a priority for anybody to get this
guy buried in an appropriate way no not
at all it was nobody's priority
it wasn't the slightest priority but it
could be a good play to say we did
because by saying we did it it creates a
you know an image of our people who are
respectful to you know let's say the
civilian population who have a set of
beliefs we'd like to show respect to
that because otherwise it just causes
problems and and why not you know I
think we have genuine respect for
people's beliefs that parts without
faking it we generally do as long as
they're not
Remus beliefs so I would say our
military may have lied to us about the
efficiency and the details of that
burial sa good for them if they did lie
good job
that's exactly what you should have done
and my respect for you as the military
goes up if you told us that lie and it's
like a really really productive one I
accept it I incorporate it as my fake
history written by the winners and I
thank you thank you for your service and
thank you for that lie if it was I don't
know if it was could be true it's
possible but keep that straight you
don't need the truth from your military
if you trust and we do all right so yeah
the other stuff that's happening today
is that somebody named Zinman he said
that he registered his objections on the
Ukrainian phone call when the president
was talking to the president of Ukraine
and he said that he registered his his
objections because he was quote
concerned he was concerned that it would
affect relations with Ukraine it would
make things too political and therefore
it would be damaging to relations now
remember I told you that there are all
these words that the anti-trump errs are
using to trauma critics they're using
words in replace of facts as substitutes
so they tend to talk about what might
have happened or what could happen short
of anything bad actually happening so
instead of saying he did something bad
they say well something bad might happen
and and we register the something bad
might happen has almost as powerful as
if something happened so it's a good
trick to replace
facts of things that are happening with
words that make it just as scary without
those things actually happening here's
another one of those words he was
concerned and do you know who I'm
concerned about all of you I'm concerned
about all of you something you might
commit a crime today some of you may
might make bad decisions do you I'm
concerned about everybody like literally
concerned I I'm interested if there's
anybody in my circle my friends etc I'm
always concerned I hope they make the
right choices and and if they made the
wrong choices I would be sad so watch
for these little clever words that are
substitutes for actual information this
guy was concerned how how concerned
should you be about somebody else who
was concerned here's another word that
people use instead of facts I thought
the phone call with the Ukrainian
president was problematic okay
can you be a little less specific than
that problematic right I'm concerned
it's problematic if it's true it's big
somebody might tell us something that's
bad now when I talk about persuasion I'm
often saying what the president did
right and the Democrats get wrong as as
I already have with Bernie on this very
call and with the president about the
dog so you're very you're very used to
be saying the president's getting
everything right persuasion wise
the other side is blowing it more or
less but let me tell you the the side
that's pushing impeachment they're doing
a really good job they're doing a really
good job there's something happening
that because you're focused on the
details you're missing Democrats
managed to start with talking about
impeachment on day one of his presidency
and on day one what did you think about
impeachment wild crazy political
ridiculous sort of ignore it right that
was day one day two kind of the same day
three pretty much the same few months
later now you're thinking I sure I'm
hearing a lot about impeachment and just
because of repetition and time the
Democrats have taken this concept which
seemed just stupid
yeah it literally just seems stupid and
trivial and barely worth thinking about
it was like Tom Styer and his dumb old
commercials but we just keep hearing
more about it and there's a new alleged
fact which never really turns into
something concrete and the whole Russia
collusion thing and yeah Muller debunked
it all but still there's details and we
hear the word impeachment impeachment
impeachment and now Nancy's doing this
new move where she's she's doing
something that makes it seem and as well
as all the interviews with the witnesses
as the whistleblowers etc they're going
through this sort of impeachment theater
which is having the diabolically clever
effect of making the American public
start with impeachment it's just silly
it's just stuff people are saying to
actually believing it's likely and do
you know what do you know what
impeachable offenses have happened
between the time that the president was
sworn into office and now none none now
if you if you're watching the other
channels will say well fifty and things
it's obvious mom all these impeachable
things but if you were to look at any
one thing on the list just pick one
what's your best thing on the list it
just sort of disappears when you start
digging into it just sort of disappears
likewise
the Ukrainian phone call huh I don't
think there's a slightest chance he
could get impeached for the frickin
phone call I mean I I've given you my if
I were the defense lawyers for that I
mean I would tear that apart in a
heartbeat I'm not even a lawyer I mean I
can do it
I'm pretty sure you could do it I mean
we all do it but the difference is even
though the evidence is just here
something be bumped here's something
debunked here's something debunked
here's this Ukrainian thing it will be
the month or at least it will seem
unimportant in history unless the
impeaches have moved the minds of the
public from stop wasting our time with
this it's stupid through repetition
alone just repetition people are
starting to think hmm I think this is
gonna happen this looks like a
legitimate thing that's happening so you
really miss that because it happened so
slowly it's like a three-year
progression the evidence for impeachment
is probably worse than it's ever been I
would argue it's probably the weakest
it's ever been because in the beginning
people were saying a he's a racist the
things he's doing they're clearly racist
but now some time goes by and it doesn't
look like that as much even to the
critics it probably doesn't look so much
like that
for example banning the so called the
Muslim ban it passed the Supreme Court
which makes it look a lot less racist
doesn't it if something passes the
Supreme Court can't be that racist and
then years go by three years go by and
nobody who got in through that
immigration process the the the group
that were banned nobody from that banned
group has done any terrorist acts in
this country so it feels like it sort of
worked no matter how you felt about it
on day one and I could go through the
examples there's the prison reform
there's support for that historically
black colleges
the president you know saying almost
every day that what he's done for
african-american employment yeah I could
go down the list you don't know the list
so the things that people thought were
big deals he's gonna nuke us he's gonna
destroy the economy he's gonna put gay
people in prison camps all the all the
crazy stuff has been proven by time and
experience and observation not be what
anybody thought they might have been in
the beginning but does it matter that
they've debunked one thing after another
for three years it doesn't your
collective feeling is that impeachment
is more likely even though the evidence
for it has decreased because I think the
Ukraine thing is there's nothing but
vapors there's there's no chance of
impeachment with any of that but I think
the president also reached a point yeah
through trial and error eventually he
was going to do something that even some
Republicans would say hey even we
Republicans need to disavow that or you
know it seems politically incorrect or
whatever so sooner or later you were
gonna get some Republicans to say at
least on this minor topic we don't agree
with the president but there we are
let's talk about what some more
persuasion there's a video of yang doing
karaoke at one of his events I don't
have to tell you well I guess I do have
to tell you he's now such a great
karaoke singer but I loved watching it
because here's the thing
yang is apparently fearless and people
really respond to that people respond to
a lack of fear it's one of the strongest
ways you can bond people to you as a
leader so watching yang go out there and
doing something that's clearly he had to
know is not his sweet spot of skill just
went out in public and just he seemed to
be give a completely uninhibited bad
version of karaoke to which I said
number one that's some bad karaoke I'm
hearing and number two I thought I liked
him better I could actually feel it I
could feel myself liking him more
because he was uninhibited it's a very
attractive quality in a human being just
to be uninhibited you know you've heard
the old saying dance like nobody's
watching
he sang karaoke like nobody was watching
like like he hadn't like nothing could
embarrass him I love that quality in
people and so and most of us did we when
we recognized a lack of fear in people
and by the way Trump has this like crazy
have you ever seen Trump look actually
worried about anything he actually seems
fearless and it's a strong quality for a
leader so yang has that so he did a good
job on that let's talk about Kamala
so Kamala decided to go full Hillary
Clinton and I don't mean that in a good
way
in which he in an interview she blamed
race and sexism discrimination for low
poll numbers are you freaking kidding me
Kamala Harris in 2019 is asking whether
a woman or a piece of a person of color
can become president in these racist
base to which I say we're a Tibetan for
the last eight to ten years you know we
elected somebody named Barack Hussein
Obama twice you did notice the Hillary
won the popular vote by three million
votes and in my view she shattered the
glass ceiling what I mean by that is
even though she didn't get the job
that was for electoral college reasons
etc but she the Hillary Clinton
certainly proved that a woman can get
elected beyond that I believe that the
experts are saying that a female
candidate actually has a voting
advantage meaning that people will line
up to vote
female president and prefer it there's a
slight preference for a female candidate
overall and I think to myself Coble is
doing the most basic mistakes anybody
could ever make you know I've given some
periscope talks at detail about how what
makes what made Barack Obama so good
persuasion wise is that when he ran for
president he didn't make a big deal
about being black he kind of left that
as a something for other people to talk
about exactly brilliantly right it was
it was reading perfectly what the non
black population needed to hear you know
I think people were I can speak for
myself here and probably lots of other
people I think people wanted a black
president just as sort of say we could
you know get past it and when one came
along who seemed to have the
qualifications and this is important was
not telling us every day that he's a
black president black candidate made
people were not black saying I like that
he's leading with capability I can get
behind that let's let's not talk about
the race stuff I'm bored with it I think
it's overdone I'll just vote for this
guy he seems to have some capabilities
that I like and people liked him so much
they voted him in again so Kawa could
not be playing this worse
it's the biggest mistakes in my view
well Hillary made quite a few mistakes
but one of the biggest mistakes was
pressing the the sexism gender thing
when if she had just shut up about it a
lot more people would have said I like
that she's running for president she is
a woman but she's not talking about that
that's exactly what men wanted to hear
and she didn't give it to us I mean she
could have gotten a lot more men just by
saying don't fall for him don't vote for
me because I'm a woman you know we
should be past that just fo for me
because you like my policies what
had Hillary done that I would feel a lot
better about her but she actually went
all the way to saying that women have
that there's there's an advantage to a
woman because they have more empathy or
they listen better or something she
actually said that in public Hilary did
huge mistakes huge all right so I'll say
again that I've I don't think I've seen
a worse campaigner than Kamala Harris to
the point where I got a really wonder
who the hell is advising her I mean
she's making you know she has like 10
choices every day and she's picking the
worst one every time like every time you
couldn't do worse than this the only
thing she could do worse is say she's
the anti dog this week you know he cuz
here come out and say I'm anti dog I
hate dogs just when we're talking about
the hero dog all right
China allegedly says they're going to I
felt like this was old news but it got
recycled today there's something new
about it I don't know what it is but
China said they were to ease foreign
investments I use the kerbs on foreign
investments in other words people want
to invest in China or remove production
there they said they would get rid of
some of the rules such as forcing
technology transfers and Senator do you
believe that they have a an unbroken
record of violating every agreement
we've ever had including the WTO
basically everything why would we
believe China on anything now there's
something I've said before but I've got
a little more information on it and I'm
gonna suggest it again I'm gonna combine
two concepts remember I told you the
other day that the most important thing
you will ever know about management you
don't have to get an MBA you don't have
to be an experienced manager to know one
of the most important things about
management it's easy and it's this
the things you measure are the only
things you'll manage - if you can't
measure whether the things you're doing
are working or not there's almost no
chance you're even going to work on it
because you don't even know if the
things you do are working now there
could be exceptions to that but as a
good general rule if you don't have a
measurement nothing's going to happen
the things you can measure are the
things that get acted upon that's the
basic rule of management and if you
violate that you can't even be a manager
I mean you that's so basic you couldn't
possibly do your job if you're not
measuring your performance in a variety
of ways but with this trade deal stuff
we have we have some things that I
suppose if they cheated we could say
it's heated but it's not a measurement
we could say you made an agreement but
you didn't keep it but that's not really
a measurement all right that's a little
different so they seem to be willing to
break any agreement right in front of
you and I would recommend the following
I've said this before and then I did
some googling to see if it already
existed because I'm the I'm the king of
making suggestions that have already
been done so I may be doing that again
what I was looking for is some kind of a
country grade or ranking ranking by
country for how whether they are
investment grade meaning is does the
country have a set of rules and laws and
practices that are good for business or
bad for instance now there are a number
I so I googled this and I didn't have
too much time I was doing it just before
I went live so there are a number of
different websites they have a variety
of different approaches to ranking
countries you know according to their
worthiness you know basic worthiness but
I noticed that they were all kind of
specific there were some that dealt with
just certain elements of being easy to
work with and some that dealt with other
elements
and I felt that they were sort of
diverse and maybe diluted they didn't
have much impact because you don't even
know they existed I mean I had to google
it to even find out if it existed so
here's what I'm suggesting I'm
suggesting that the United States start
or at least guess somebody else to do it
some kind of investment grading a
comprehensive investment grade for
countries I would expect that the United
States
you know maybe Switzerland or something
would have better scores for reliability
and keeping your promises and all that
and that China would be low but here's
the magic part so one part of the magic
is that if you have a very public
standard and it's a measurement and you
can actually raise your score or lower
your score by your actions that's very
powerful you don't even have to tell
China that they need to conform you
don't have to force them to do anything
you just keep just keep publishing the
grade and Viet Nam's moving up the list
hey India India we love you looks like
you're doing better you're moving up the
list you're much better to work with
India Oh China you're not keeping up so
sad well that's your business yeah we're
not gonna force you to do anything China
you do you do anything you want but Viet
Nam's ratings goings up and China's
rating is going up and Honduras rating
is going up Oh too bad nobody wants to
do business with you because your grade
is too low now the beauty of this is if
you have an actual ranking a grade a
website you can go to a poll something
that's got substance then you've got
something that the president and
politicians can refer to and they can
say look as long as China has a an
investment grade of F in India has just
hypothetically I don't know if this is
true and India has an investment grade
of let's say C - because you know
they've got some corruption issues -
they got some things to work on but
where are you gonna build your
Factory in the F or the C - there's no
question about it you're always gonna go
for the C minus is way better than an F
so simply naming it having a dependable
measurable grading system would be
immensely powerful especially if I put
China in direct competition with India
so we should try to do more to make sure
that India and China are competing all
right I'll see what else we got going
here I talked about most of this did it
no I think I've
oh here's here's another fun thing a
couple of fun things so I told you I was
gonna order a tesla powerwall for my
home yes if you know it's researching it
turned out that that was a good thing to
do and I I filled out Tesla's online
things and they did call me back so so
Tesla a plus for having a system in
which they got back to me I also learned
that they don't have a big problem with
supply but it might take maybe two
months to go through the process and and
guess something installed which would be
fine two months to get a battery backup
for my house would be fine
because I'm really preparing for next
season not this one what you know this
season's kind of lost yeah the fire
season will be over in a few weeks
before I would get a battery anyway so
let me let me give you a little bit more
about that process somebody says how
much all right and that's what I'm gonna
talk about next so what I expected was
that the system that the process would
work this way I thought I would contact
Tesla you know say Who I am and what I'm
looking for they would tell me on the
phone oh we got these products it looks
like we might have a fit but
here's the important part I thought what
they were gonna do is send somebody out
you know an engineer to look at my
specific situation and say whether it
would work or wouldn't work and if it
worked where could they put it because
where are you located it makes a big
difference right you know you want to be
comfortable with where it's located
that's what I thought would happen
that's not what happened their process
is that they call you they do answer any
questions are very nice right on the
phone but their process is that you you
get homework so they send you a link
which I haven't done yet and they ask
you to take pictures of your existing
solar if you have existing solar you
take pictures and you send them in and
you answer a bunch of questions about
your existing system etc and then they
can engineer a price and then at some
point they'll schedule delivery and you
pay $99 just to get in the system now I
think it's refundable if you end up not
buying but there is a commitment you you
put in $99 investment that you can get
back now here's the question do you
think I'm gonna do those things do you
think I'm gonna walk out and take
pictures with my phone and fill out the
form and spend half a day knowing in
advance that they're going to contact me
and say I don't have the right pictures
and that I need to take more pictures
and get back to them again probably not
all right all they had to do was say
we're going to send somebody out they're
really going to make sure this works in
your house you're going to talk to them
in person they're going to point to your
wall say uh well I see your solar okay
we connect here and we'd have to put the
device over there are you good to go I
would have said you got me good to go
instead they asked me to do homework let
me ask you this if if you're ever in the
sales job and you ask your customer to
do homework
before you will consider selling them
your product that's as bad as you can do
that's as bad as you can do now I
understand why they'd want to automate
their system as much as possible and I
also think it probably works fine ninety
percent of the time yeah probably most
of the time it works fine if you have a
smaller house etc but I've got a big
complicated house I don't know how many
units I would need etc so I think Tesla
you probably failed on this sales
process because I can't imagine myself
having time to do this in the next
several weeks yeah I've got the book
tour coming up to Sentra
so a problem and here's the worst part
the other thing I was considering was a
standard of gas generator backup by gas
I mean natural gas so since I already
have natural gas coming from the utility
if my electrical kind of off the natural
gas would automatically power up the
system Generac I think is the company
that makes most of them and I wasn't
even going to research that option as
long as Tesla send somebody out and said
yeah we'll start tomorrow or whatever
they said but now I have to because it
might be easier if I call Generac and if
they say I don't know if they'll say
that but if they say we'll send somebody
out to your house to take a look that's
what I'm gonna buy I'm gonna buy the one
that says I'm sending somebody to take a
look at your house and somebody says
I'll need a tank also I don't know if I
do because it's natural gas that's being
pumped in on demand from the utilities
all right so Tesla that system probably
failed in my case but it probably works
for simpler cases that was an update on
that here's the funniest news Netflix is
experimenting with a new technology that
lets you speed up the movie so you can
just put it at like 1.5% it's sort of
like a podcast so you can do that now
with podcast you can speed
so the people have talked like this you
can still hear exactly what they're
saying but they're talking a little bit
faster than you normally take you could
get through an entire podcast much
faster because people are talking so
fast and so they're talking about making
that available optionally to people who
want to speed through movies here's the
funny part so of course all the big
directors are you know the creative
types are complaining because it ruins
their art so Judd Apatow coincidentally
a big critic of President Trump he says
quote in a tweet don't make me have to
call every director and show creator on
earth to fight you on this tweeted
director Judd Apatow I will win but it
will take a ton of time don't f with our
timing we give you nice things leave
them as they were intended to be seen
okay I certainly understand why the
creators would say that and let me tell
you if somebody tries to mess with my
comic strip I respond exactly this way
so you want your creators to have this
attitude so Judds Judd Apatow whose
attitude it's perfect for a creator and
from somebody whose support screeners
but here's the thing movies are no
longer good right movies are no longer
good they used to be good movies used to
be good but here's what's wrong with
movies our attention span has shrunk at
the same time that movies are getting
longer movies are getting longer but our
attention span is getting shorter it's
now mismatched so if you want me to
watch a movie and let's say it's a it's
a drama action movie if I turn on an
action movie
how many action movies eventually have a
scene where somebody is tied to a chair
to be tortured let me think a hundred
percent a hundred percent of movies have
that same stupid scene which
nobody who is a creator should ever be
to put their name on if you made a movie
and at any point in that movie you had
somebody tied to a chair and tortured
you are not a creator you're a copier
you're just a copier do I care if I'm
speeding up the work of a copier no no
am i ruining their art because I sped
through the time when somebody was tied
to a stupid chair and tortured like
every other fricking action movie you've
ever seen have I ruined their art no
there was no art they wanted me to feel
bad for X amount of time and I decided
not to do you know what else I would
fast-forward through car chase because
the car chases have all taken on Orwell
the action scenes even a lot of the
fight scenes I've taken on that I'll
call it the Transformers model where
there's so much happening they don't
actually know who's doing what to whom
except you can vaguely tell that the
good guy is winning a little bit or
losing a little bit I'm just not
interested anymore the first the first
thousand times I saw a fight scene I
thought well that's cool good effects
exciting but after watching the same
damn thing a thousand times I might want
to fast-forward through that how about a
sex scene how about the scene where
they're establishing that the character
really loves his wife because you know
the wife is gonna die later right how
about that the moment you realize that
the next 10 minutes of your movie are
gonna be some guys sweet-talking his
wife in a way that makes you cringe baby
Olivia so much Oh or whatever the hell
it is do you think that's art no that
was the heart there's no art there I
just have to have this scene that
establishes that the guy loves his wife
so when she dies you know why he goes
crazy and kills everybody I get it I get
where are you going okay I get this I
get it you're gonna make me receive here
for ten minutes to tell me something I
got in one second he loves his wife he's
gonna care once
in skill bored fast forward so I say to
judd apatow as a creator I totally
understand I would say exactly the same
thing if I were you I would say exactly
the same thing so I know I wouldn't call
this a criticism because I don't
criticize people who do exactly what I
would do in that situation but you have
to understand that movies are no longer
good because they don't have our
attention span in mind and they're so
uncreated of copycat every movie looks
like now that it's just you know there
are hundred scenes and all they're doing
is rearranging them in different order
and saying I got a movie no it's all the
scenes I've seen in every other movie
you just put them in a different order
that's all anyway I for one would be a
big fan of a movie speed up the feature
because I already fast forward through
most movies the boring parts and they're
all they all have boring parts the
funniest thing was who was the director
who was criticizing the superhero movies
was it was a Coppola Francis Ford
Coppola I know but there was some famous
director who was recently saying that
the all the superhero movies you know
the Marvel stuff it's not really cinema
to which I say do you know why there are
lots of superhero movies and there are
there isn't so much at least in terms of
box office success there's not a lot of
that great art of cinema do you know why
that is because people don't want to see
it we don't care we don't want your
great art cinema because we already know
it's just a bunch of scenes we've seen a
thousand times
reorge you know with different lighting
and and had a different cinematography
it's the same movie just over and over
again so I like watching my superhero
movies because watching Robert Downey
jr. make wisecracks it was just always
good at least I liked
all right
the foam I think I have covered most of
my points and I want to talk about today
I should put these things in order so I
can tell what I've already talked about
all right I think I hit all my points
let me suggest to you that today is an
excellent time to order in my book you
can order the audiobook or the Kindle
version wherever books are sold Amazon
or wherever you like oh I heard recently
that this book will be in the front
window of Barnes & Noble through
Christmas do you know what what a vote
of confidence that is if Barnes & Noble
says we're gonna put your book in the
window of the stores for several months
before Christmas the best time to be in
the window of a book store that's a real
good deal I've done some number of
interviews that are delayed that will
appear after the book his shelves
November 5th and and people who have
read it so far are pretty happy with it
which makes me pretty happy so I think
people are captivated by a number of the
parts of it it's already changing how
they see the world all right California
fires yeah here's here's a little update
on that so the folks that I had staying
with me got their power back but I think
they're supposed to lose it again maybe
today so I might have houseguests back
again but watching the whole state burn
up I just don't know how Democrats can
even exist as a political party anymore
the so the Democrats get full control of
one state California so you've got this
laboratory where you can watch whether
democrat policies are good or not now of
course you know I always caution you you
don't have something to compare it to
that's exact California's not really
like
anything else but you you certainly are
affected by the fact that California is
having some tough times and they have
you know pure democratic policies I
don't know how long you can go without
noticing that and having it make a
difference
punchy dinero somebody's asking me about
not sure why is he in the news again yes
there will be an audio book and the
Kindle version
they'll all be available at the same
time I believe you can pre-order those
as well and they just get delivered on
November 5th so that's the next week you
should do that right away because next
week is right around the corner and if
you can get this book on the bestseller
list it will change the world it's
actually well yeah it was actually
designed so that people have read this
book can just eviscerate in argument the
people who have not and that's going to
become kind of obvious after a while
enough people will have their arguments
eviscerated and and they'll know where
it came from that I feel like this might
be a pretty big book we'll see all right
I will give you well that's all for now
and I will talk to you tomorrow