show we're almost ready to go live just
as soon as I can see all your
comments and there they
are hold
on there there
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams if you'd
like to take this experience up where up
to a level where nobody can even
comprehend it with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need for that is a
CER marar glass a tanker chaler Stein a
canteen Jugger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dope mean end
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous zp and it happens now
go so so good wow well we will of course
be talking about the interview with Comm
Lis and Tim Walls but while you're
streaming in here some other fun stuff
well this one isn't Fun
it was a Wells Fargo
employee found a dead in her cubicle and
I think she might have been there for 4
days Denise prudom aged 60 she was found
dead in her Arizona
office now we're not going to make fun
of a tragic event because of course the
family uh should be considered in this
so
condolences but it should be pointed out
that they're
has been a Dilbert
comic on exactly that topic of dying in
UK cubicle and being there for days and
nobody noticed and nobody cared
so
so by the way do you know where uh
Dilbert was
born he was born in a
cubicle at a bank that was bought by
Wells
Fargo that's
right so dber Dilbert's history is the
same bank where this uh woman
unfortunately passed away in her cubicle
so that's a 35e connection to that
story well according to the Daily Mail
there's a Ser study and an expert who
says uh that you should masturbate
before a public speaking event because
if you're nervous uh scientists say it's
a great way to calm you down and it can
boost your
cognition so if I seem a little extra
smart
today no I'm just joking I I didn't have
time for that but what a good
idea you know I'm trying to figure out
are the things that masturbation can't
fix so apparently it can make you uh
better for your
presentation but I'm trying to think
what it can't do let's see it's good for
your health it's good for your prostate
it relaxes you turns you into a nicer
person I don't know why we do anything
else I mean seems like the rest of the
things we do aren't nearly as productive
as that so mostly you should replace
most of your daily activities with
masturbating because it's so good for
you um some updates on energy I'm such
an energy nerd that every single day I
want to see a story about a new energy
source and there's a ton of them now but
here are some things happening um did
you know that there's a a Bureau of Land
Management uh Unfortunately they came up
with that name before they realized that
the initials BLM would be distracting
but the BLM or the Bureau of Land
Management uh so under the current
Administration they're thinking about
taking a whole bunch of public
land because there's tons of public land
that's empty and using it for solar
projects so that it wouldn't cost much
of anything to slap those solar panels
on it now of course there's all the
pollution problems and other problems
you're going to complain about but I
like
this I I like the idea of using all that
extra land and put some solar panels on
there and if if space and where you put
them is one of the big obstacles I
imagine it would
be sounds like it could work so here's
something I'm not going to complain
about from the Biden Administration if
they pull let off I would say oh good
job well what about all the progress on
batteries oh well there are three
stories just today on New Battery
Technology like huge breakthroughs three
stories independent you know unrelated
to each other all on the same topic of
batteries but different projects all
just
today there is something going on in the
battery research and development area
that's crazy now it makes sense because
if there are robots everywhere whoever
makes the best battery is going to be
making so much money you can't even
believe it they're going to be making
more money than the Tesla making robots
probably here's an idea let's see uh
we'll see MIT has a study uh they're
they're going to use a partially
disordered rock salt cathode but here's
the thing they want to integrate it with
the their poly Anan which as you know
are dubbed the disordered rock salt
polyanic spinal or as I like to call
them the DRX PS and as you know that
delivers the high energy density Rock uh
or high voltage with significantly
improves cycle stability and I think we
all want that now that's one study but
there's also another one well this is
exciting um according to Yahoo Tech um
there's a big game gamechanging approach
and they're going to use homogeneous
cathode what yeah they're going to
Tinker with the cathode until they can
get a solid state powered back life
cycles and uh other things I don't
understand something coming out of a
Chinese research but then according to
Tech Explorer there's another solid
state electrolyte Advance oh wow and
they're going to use polymers to make a
strong yet springy thin
film and uh you have these durable
sheets of solid state electrolytes wow
wow so you don't have to understand any
of that just understand that the Battery
Technology world is going crazy right
now crazy all right I finally understand
what's the big deal about this telegram
app telegram
app uh and why the CEO got picked up now
remember I told you we will never
understand the real reason behind
anything
but there's at least one that's obvious
at least now it wasn't obvious until
someone told
me so apparently if you're in a battle
like a war like let's say Ukraine
against Russia one of the things that
would be really important to winning the
war especially a long ongoing kind of
affair is how well your team can
communicate without getting
intercepted so you want to be able to
quickly talk to your own team if you're
in War but you don't want the other team
to be able to intercept your stuff well
it turns out that the Russians the
government was concerned the military
was uh that the ukrainians could already
hack their regular military
Communications which would you know be
encrypted but you know might be hackable
so what was the and is the Russian
military using instead of their normal
encrypted military app well it turns out
that the only thing they trusted was the
telegram app that's right the soldiers
who were actually in the thick of
battle didn't have a better option than
opening their phone and using the app to
say um you know you should Target this
or you should get some supplies over
here or get some reinforcements over
here
so if NATO could get a hold of a back
door hypothetically into the telegram
app they would have all the
communications of the Russian military
and it doesn't look like the M Russian
military had a really good second
option so there's a
possibility that Ukraine could win the
war if they if NATO controlled the
telegram app without without Russia
knowing they controlled it in other
words if we had a if we had we meaning
NATO if we had a back door but Russia
didn't know know it so they kept using
it Ukraine would know everything they're
going to do before they do
it now I'm exaggerating you know I'm
sure they have other ways to communicate
but according to the Wall Street Journal
it was like the main way they were
communicating was through telegram
because it was owned by or at least it
was housed in the UAE which has a good
relationship with Russia so the Russians
were thinking well we can't use WhatsApp
because the Americans are going to be
all over that
uh so that was the one they trusted so
allow me to make a prediction you're
ready for the
prediction the prediction will be that
at some point the CEO will be
released and you will be under the
impression that he didn't give up
anything you see where I'm going with
this in order for NATO to have a back
door that's useful they've got to act
like they don't have a back door
door so they got to keep this guy in
Peril until the Peril forces him to give
them a back door and then they got to
make sure that nobody knows anything
happened so that they can use it to find
out what the Russian military is going
to do before they do it so the most
likely outcome if you accept these as
facts which you know was always a
question everything's every Everything
has a little bit of skepticism that
should be naturally applied
but I'm going to predict that we will be
told that nobody got access to the
telegram app yes he was in lots of
trouble but He's a brave guy and he
resisted all that
trouble and Life Will Go On and then
suddenly there will be a a string of
defeats on the Russian military and
people will say hey it's like the
ukrainians know what we're going to do
before we do it I think that might be
coming we'll say
uh quinac uh the uh research company
they did a poll and said that 20% of
likely black voters say they would vote
for
Trump does that seem low to
you that seems low that does not match
observation because I've seen just tons
of uh black citizens on TV being asked
who they support and you've seen it both
from right leaning entities and left you
know even Don Lemon doing his uh his
interviews it sure looks like a lot more
than
20% or is it just that people were
willing to do the interview maybe have a
certain perspective and people who were
not willing to do the interview maybe
had another one so that you know you
have to wonder if the street interviews
are really representative they might not
be representative uh I mean there's a
reason you do polls instead of just
talking to people on the street because
one's not reliable but as I often say
one of my BS filters to figure out
what's BS is if your direct observation
doesn't match the
science it doesn't mean your direct
observation is right but it certainly
should be room for skepticism so my
skepticism is 20% sounds low based on
observ
which is not reliable but it should be
noted that they're r a whack all I'm
saying is they don't
agree one of them might be right no way
to
know feels a low to me all right um
Trump has come out strong in favor of
IVF in v in vitro
fertilization he says that either the
government or the insurance company
should be forced to pay for it because
we basically need more Americans we need
more babies
now this is brilliant in my
opinion I think it's brilliant because
he's fighting against the you're going
to take my bodily autonomy and you of
course the Harris campaign acts like he
didn't say it and he doesn't mean it and
he's going to lie and Everything Will
Change no I think he means
this I think he completely means it I
think he 100% is in favor of people
having babies and using a little science
to help it out and making sure that
America can you know create its own
citizens I think he's completely down
for this my my take on this is that it's
100% genuine his actual opinion and that
he would really follow through with
it so that that is a a perfect
response to the criticisms in that
area on top of that there's some Florida
bill I don't know the details but some
abortion related thing and uh Trump was
asked how he'd vote just as a citizen of
Florida I
guess and Trump reminds us that uh he'd
always been against uh limiting
abortions to under six weeks so I guess
that's the current law in Florida and he
said he would be voting for whatever you
know something that's longer than six
weeks he thinks he called that a
terrible mistake when it happened in
2023 now here's my question
how are you going to get young people to
live in
Florida if your abortion thing has you
know a a six week uh limit on it now uh
if you're new to me I do not give you
opinions on abortion I think women need
to work it out they should take the lead
and though Al I don't
Advocate abdicate I don't give away my
vote it's just that I think women should
be the lead on that just as I think in
some other domains men should take the
lead such as circumcision stuff like
that I mean um so you're not seeing my
opinion I'm just talking about the the
the topic so how does Florida survive in
the long run because Florida is going to
get lots of senior citizens who don't
care one way or the other about abortion
which they have I mean it's a retirement
place but can you survive if you don't
have lots of young people who are
willing to live there and stay there and
move there it' be kind of hard to have a
high-tech environment if you had a u
abortion laws that were at least to
maybe 60% of the tech workers look like
a place you'd never live oh I can't live
there so he would be the
test uh the test would be whether
Florida is forced for their own
demographic reasons to loosen up on this
and get a little bit closer
to what young people want because I
don't think this is what young people
want um obviously it's you know the left
and the right have different opinions
but I would think there are probably 23s
of young people at least would want a
more uh let's say a more forgiving set
of laws so my question is can Florida
even
survive as a state and again it's not an
opinion on abortion
I'm just doing a prediction what happens
if you discourage 60% of your Tech
workers from living there in the long
run feel feels disastrous in the long
run but um but we're not talking about
the ethics of it right you you might you
might prefer it but economically it
looks like a disaster in the long
run all right let's talk about CNN had
their big conversation with kamla Harris
and Tim Walls here are my takeaways uh
she looked uncomfortable she did not
appear like a smart
person um I think she would be the
dumbest um maybe the dumbest candidate
that the Democrats have run for
president in my lifetime would you agree
with that now Biden was you know before
he was dementia riddled you know he was
certainly not the brightest light but I
feel like uh he chose a vice president
who was obviously you know less good
than he was and sure enough she seems to
be the lowest
intelligence uh candidate we've seen so
just just think about how smart some of
their past candidates have been Obama no
matter what you think about him
brilliant guy that's my opinion
brilliant guy even if he hate everything
he did Bill Clinton brilliant even if he
hate him uh Al Gore almost you know
brilliant smart guy even if he hate
everything he's doing these are really
smart people Jimmy Carter terrible
president smart guy very smart guy so I
think the Democrats have given up on
smart like that didn't matter now vake
Ras Swami had a comment about it he said
kamla's interview last night was a
reminder that we're not running against
a candidate we're running against a
system they require a candidate that can
control which means having original
ideas as a
disqualification that's why we get Biden
and then K
Harris is that
why that that hypothesis is pretty
strong that the the system wants to do
what the system wants to do and that
requires a weak candidate so they can
control
it but why did they why did they have
such smart candidates
before is this so different than the
past that uh they could have a Jimmy
Carter and a Bill Clinton and and an
Obama and they could be strong and
Brilliant and the the system was okay
with them or was
it is it you have to be either dumb or
easily
blackmailed is that it so you have a
choice well you you can even either be
dumb so we can manage you or you have to
be easily blackmailed so we can manage
you either way
you all right so um I saw somebody use
the word lightweight that Comm Harris
didn't even sort of looked presidential
she looked lightweight that was exactly
the word I was going to
use um I was going to say lightweight
but I saw somebody else use it so that
made me feel smart like oh okay they saw
the same thing so she didn't look bright
she didn't look comfortable she looked
kind of lightweight she had a little
word salad problem quote the climate
crisis real that is an urgent matter to
which we should apply metrics that
include holding ourselves to deadlines
around
time that's a lot of nothing right there
that's a that's a whole bunch of
nothing so it looked to me like uh she
had the questions in
advance now I don't have proof of that
but I'll tell you what made me think she
had the questions in
advance um there was one point where she
would look down and she would be using
her fingers to say points like you know
this point this point this point I think
that's a memory device for somebody who
knew the question was coming and had
said all right if you get this question
say these four things and so she was
actually counting them off on her
fingers well their you know physical
fingers
like she was trying to recall them from
memory so it didn't
look like somebody who had her own
opinions and could easily speak to her
preferences it looked like somebody had
to memorize the test that's not a good
look but I'll tell you the real tell the
real tell was uh Harris was asked the
question uh that involved a little girl
that I think was her grand niece or
something and she was watching K Harris
accept the nomination and historic you
know female person of color away and the
idea is that the iconic
photo captured a you know young person
of color and female being inspired by KL
Harris so she was asked about this which
is the ultimate softball question they
only had 18 minutes that they showed
imagine out of the 18 minutes that one
of the one of the questions should be
about somebody's photograph
but to her credit Comm Harris did not
say oh yes you know it was a special day
for us blah blah blah without first
saying and here's the part that tells me
she was prepared for that specific
question she said when I ran for
president I ran to be the president for
all people and I said that is a
suspiciously good way to start the
answer to that question not just good
it's perfect
you know you you can talk all day long
about how you know there there's
something special about the situation
and it won't bother me at all if you
start that way I ran to be the president
of all the people I go okay well now you
can call out that there's also a special
interest in it but if you start with a
special
interest I'm not even going to hear you
if later you add in but I'm really the
president of all the people I'd be well
why'd you start with a special part
first like sounds like you care about
that more than you care about you know
just doing the
job so to me that sounded like she was
well prepared for that specific
question was she actually told the
questions in advance I don't know there
was also the question she was asked
about uh Trump's comments about whether
she was really black or had always
identified as black you know the real
red meat let's get into to this and you
know certainly it's a place that she can
win some points and instead she did an
uncomfortable smile and said next
question and refus to deal on the the
sort of personal racial part of it now
is that because she was prepared for the
question she sure looked prepared to the
for the question to
me but that doesn't mean that she was
given the questions in advance cuz you
could pretty well guess what the
questions might be right
so anyway she uh did her best to avoid
questions that were good to avoid and
avoid really a whole bunch of stuff so
it's basically her stump speech a lot of
memorized stuff that you could tell was
memorized because she was looking down
so she did a lot of looking down like
her eyes were down toward the table but
there was nothing there or was there is
it possible that the wide shots showed
the table with nothing on it but is it
possible that when they did the
close-ups where you could see her from
the chest up that there actually was a
piece of paper down
there is it possible that you know since
there was an edited event is it possible
she had
notes I also saw a part where uh if you
replay it you'll see maybe in the first
third or so of it there was a point
where she started to saying answer and
then she did a hand gesture toward Tim
wals that was sort of the you know don't
jump in hand gesture it was like she she
was giving him the you know stand down
hand gesture that didn't make any
sense unless there was an edit we didn't
know about did he say something that got
edited out because it was out of context
that she was she was waving him off when
he wasn't doing anything he wasn't even
in the picture he wasn't even in the
frame so what was that I mean it
suggests there was an edit there but
can't know for
sure maybe she expected him to jump in
and she
was I don't know I don't I don't even
know what that was
about she also had what I call liar eyes
so most of the time she was looking down
and her eyes were in a normal mode so
they were either a little bit closed or
they were looking down but every once in
a while she had the big
lie I was watching in the man cave last
night pointing out the big lies her eyes
would widen and then the little lines
would form on her forehead when she's
doing the thing that she knows you're
not going to believe but if she says it
with her eyes wide open you might
because look how honest I am with my
eyes wide open that's called liar face
if you play it back with the sound off
and then you find the liar face then
turn the sound back on and find out why
she was saying at that
moment what once you learn to spot liar
face it's hilarious because the the
politicians use it all the time it's
just so so obvious when they're trying
to sell you something they know you're
not believing because you
shouldn't all right what
else um the physical uh arrangement of
the people at the table has been
questioned reasonably because uh they
had walls on one end of the table
opposite from uh Dana Bash and then uh
kamla was between them on the far side
of the table now because of the
dimensions of the perspective of the
shot plus the fact that wals is just a
bigger human being than she is he looked
huge and in
charge if you were just looking at the
pictures you'd think it would be an
interview with him and his secretary
came along to take some notes sexist yes
because the country is sexist we're you
know so it's worth mentioning it's not
my opinion it's it's just what one
imagines people are going to think in
their little sexist brains so she was
Tiny and uh looked unimportant just
visually and the visuals are kind of a
big deal she also made all kinds of
weird funny faces when when wal was
talking she wanted to show how proud and
smiley she was so she does the I ate a
lemon but I enjoyed it
face you know I'm doing it now if you're
just listening you're missing the best
part of the show yeah I ate a lemon but
I'm really happy about
it nailed it nailed it you're laughing
at home I could
tell let's see uh yeah she basically
voided most questions when Tim wals was
uh interviewed you really got the sense
that there was no reason for him to be
there I felt CNN was slapping him down
because they didn't ask or it didn't
make the final edit anything about
policy they asked him about his son's
reaction at the convention to his
speech okay interesting human human
story but you only had 18 minutes you
only had 18 minutes that wasn't in the
top 100 of anybody's
interest right then then she asked about
The Stolen Valor especially the part
where he had uh used some words that
indicated he'd been in a war zone but he
had not been in a shooting war
zone um he wasn't physically in a
warzone and his defense was well you
know somebody points out you know my
grammar isn't perfect sometimes so he
kind of made it sound like it was just a
poor word choice and then moved on but
because this was not any kind of a real
news event this was just a puff piece he
was asked no follow-up questions Harris
was asked no follow-up questions or
actually she was on the question of
whether she had changed her opinions on
things because fracking for example she
changed and uh even Daniel Dale came on
and fact jackor was lying about her
fracking opinions because she said I had
clearly said in 2020 that I was uh you
know okay with fracking and then Daniel
Dale checked and said nope he never said
that in 2020 you did say that your boss
Joe Biden was in favor of fracking
that's different so the only record we
have of her in the past is she's 100%
against fracking later she said Biden is
in favor of it and he's not going to
change and then she said well I told you
that you know I changed a while ago just
not true
not
true anyway um oh I I would compliment
harisa just to give back to that thing
where she said next question about the
black identity thing I do think that
that was a good way to handle it because
I don't think that issue worked in her
favor if that issue worked in her favor
she would have certainly brought it up
and wanted to talk about it but I think
that the more she talks about the
question of is she black the more black
citizens uh catch it and they go wait a
minute what wait what you you're not oh
H I thought you were 100% black now do
black voters care about her identity
being you know as black as the blackest
you could be versus living a life as a
black woman and my guess is probably
some do you know if the entire game is
identity politics and it has been for
years if that's their game doesn't it
matter if he got the identity
right that feels important if you're
going to play identity politics you
can't make up your
identity so my take on this is that I'm
not I'm not the person who gets to say
whether somebody's black or not but what
I observe is that there's nobody like
her she's the only
one I would love to see her say that
that would be a strong message by the
way so you know what instead of saying
whether I'm you know black or Indian or
one qu or black or whatever anybody
saying how about we agree on this
there's only one of
me
bam that would be a home
run it's just that sometimes the
identity politics Works in her favor so
she doesn't want to run from it too hard
it's better just to skip it and let
people make up their own minds
that probably works in her favor so I
think her advice was good they probably
advised her to stick stay away from that
also advised her on the picture of the
little girl so those are two situations
where she could have gone identity
politics and she ran from
both probably probably well
advised I liked it you know it felt more
like a legitimate candidate for
president by avoiding it that to me
voiding the identity stuff is it's got
to be number one you know right up there
as your most important personal quality
is that you're not focused on identity
and so basically yet again she's finding
a trump point of view where that
shouldn't have been important that the
fact that Trump brought it up is because
they think it's important that's what
makes it funny so it could be that Trump
just ruined identity Politics as a as a
good strategy
for running for office you may have
ruined it forever just by bringing up
the question of well you know maybe
aren't you more of an
individual you know I'm not sure that
you fit into this category everybody
else says you fit into just adding some
doubt into that I think was brilliant as
as much as Trump will be forever
criticized for bringing up identity and
black identity and stuff things he
shouldn't be talking about you would
think
I thought that
worked because it enter it created the
conversation it wasn't what he said
about it that mattered What mattered was
you talked about it if he could get you
to talk about well I think she is I
think she's not I think she's partially
he wins so avoiding it was her best
strategy yes I think all right what else
happened uh there were no questions on
her taxes on her tax proposals ju just
imagine that the number one thing that
everybody says is a horrible idea you
know her unrealized gains on taxes
especially didn't even come up it's the
number one bad thing that she recommends
didn't come up or or did it CU we don't
know how much got edited
out is it possible that and she could
have no good answer to that question
especially if there was any followup to
it that they just cut it out what do you
think I I'm going to I'm going to double
down on my assumption that when there's
a lack of
transparency and it's not individuals
it's you know organizations involved
that I think it's appropriate to assume
they edited it out because what would
make you think they didn't ask how in
the world would that not be one of the
top 20 questions and you'd you'd
probably get to 20 questions if you did
talk to him for an hour so I don't know
how much how much they talked beyond the
18 minutes I'd love to know
that and then Harris apparently was
coached they when she was asked about
her flip-flopping so to speak on on
topics her answer was my values have not
changed and I saw somebody smart say
okay you just put
a you just gave Trump the kill
shot Trump wants you to believe that her
old socialist views are still in play
she's just hiding them she just said
he's
right now she didn't mean to say that
what she meant to say is maybe my
policies have changed but they're all
coming from the same place which is
absurd and stupid and obviously not
true so it's a stupid thing to say but
it could convince stupid people and
since most most of her voters you know
are
stupid could work out
fine but uh my values have not changed
gives Trump the Ultimate Weapon which
is show what she said and then play my
my values have not changed then show
what she said again on another topic and
then go right back to my values haven't
changed you do that on like five
different different super socialist
stupid ideas she had in the past and
then you make sure that she said today
today my values haven't changed nobody
in the world is going to think that
means that she's got different policies
than she used to have and by the way as
misleading as that might
be it's directionally
true you know what I mean it is
directionally true that if you're
willing to say over and over again my
values haven't changed changed we as
voters get to say well those other
policies were based on those values were
they
not it seems like you're trying to not
answer the question why you changed your
mind which makes it sound like you
haven't which makes it sound like you're
some kind of Trojan Horse you know once
you get inside the gate Lord knows what
happens
then so that could have that could
actually have taken her out of the race
Ju Just think about the impact that
would have if you saw her dumbass you
know no fracking Etc followed
immediately by my values have not
changed there's no way you would think
she would have a different
policy even if she
does well um here's some other things we
learned uh I feel like we learned why
she doesn't do
debates uh or doesn't want to do many
and uh I think we learned why she
doesn't do
interviews I would rank her performance
as
poor and I can't imagine that she would
do better on on a
debate
so I guess it's the reason we haven't
seen much of her is exactly why you
thought it was she's just really bad at
this this being you know being a
presidential
person all right she uh she was asked
about uh
bomic and she said it was good
work which also sounded like a prepared
answer so as as if she knew what the
question was going to be yeah B was good
work anyway so then Daniel Dale came on
and did a fact check on her fracking
claim and you know as I said showed that
she had uh she had uh lied about having
said in 2020 that she was in favor of
fracking because she didn't she only
said Biden was in
favor but um is anything
missing was there anything that you
thought logically should have been part
of that uh interview and yet it was
completely missing what was it huh well
how many of you watched any of the
DNC you didn't have to watch a lot the
Democrat National Convention you didn't
have to watch a
lot all you had to do was turn it on for
a minute and you would hear a hoax you'd
hear the project 2025 hoax you'd hear
the fine people hoax you'd hear the
drinking bleach hoax you'd hear the uh
suckers and losers
HS now that was so pervasive during the
convention that it was practically the
decorations it was pretty much every
speaker every time
time so if any of those things were
true wouldn't that be a question the CNN
would want to ask
her like do you believe that these
things are true do you believe that
Trump called neo-nazis Fine people do
you believe that he suggested drinking
bleach do you believe that he said in
front of a general the soldiers are
losers and suckers which is absurd
and just make her answer those questions
but instead not a single Trump
hoax was ever
mentioned so how could it go from the
primary message of the entire Democratic
National Committee conference whatever
it is how can it go from the biggest
most important stuff to not worth
asking let me tell you how because CNN
knows none of it's
true and they've got a guy guy who's a
fact Checker and they're going to they
got to trot his ass out and he's going
to have to deal with the fact that all
she said was a bunch of
hoaxes what's he going to
do so instead he focuses on fracking
because the questions were never
asked so was any of that ever
real because if any of the accusations
made by the Democrats during the
convention if any of that were real
CNN would have asked about it because if
any of it was real it really really
matters I mean those are big deals if
they were real which they weren't so do
you have proof that that CNN knows these
are
hoaxes yeah you do yeah you do I would
consider this proof that CNN knows those
are hoaxes and doesn't want to say it
out
loud especially since half of their
repeat those hoaxes on the on the air
all right so CNN making most of the news
disappear as if by Magic is kind of
sweet meanwhile Harris is back on the
campaign trail with a new hoax and she
says quote she just posted this on X if
given the chance Donald Trump has made
it clear he intends to end the
Affordable Care Act taking our country
backwards we're not going back we're
going forward
well the affordable uh Care Act also
known as
Obamacare what how many of you know what
Trump says about
it do most of you know what Trump says
about it does Trump say he's going to uh
get rid of
it
no no he says it under one specific
context he says we won't change anything
unless we can come up with something
better
better what do you think he's going to
come up with something that covers fewer
people would that be
better no is he going to come up with
something that costs
less well if he does who's going to
 about it are you going to
about it oh he got rid of the Affordable
Care Act and replaced it with something
that's exactly the same but costs
less nobody's going to about that
so there is no no world in which you
you say I'm not going to change anything
unless we can find a clear way to make
it
better why would you worry about that
that's almost a generic statement about
what every leader should do about every
topic don't change it unless you have
something better the most basic common
sense of all time again this is Trump
running a common sense campaign that in
so many ways doesn't re I don't
recognize that as is either left or
right how is that left or right don't
you think the people on the left would
be equally willing to you know change or
modify the Affordable Care Act if it
were something
better so it's just a lie but the
newsleter do
it well the blaze is reporting that
Trump said at a Wisconsin Town Hall he
was with Tulsi gabard he said uh I had
the safest Border in the history of the
country uh they have the most unsafe
Border in the history of the world and
then here's my favorite part he says uh
they had a group of Venezuelan people
with lots of machine guns taking over a
building this is just the beginning now
remember I tell you that Trump is the
master of visual
persuasion now visual persuasion is not
just showing you a picture it's
describing a visual image with words as
well so if Trump has had just said
something generic like there's too much
crime coming across the border you would
say ah there's that's a statistic okay
but if he tells you that Venezuelan
people with machine guns are taking over
a building which is a real thing by the
way I don't think they're machine guns I
think they just have weapons but you can
see that like in your mind the picture
forms perfectly and it's scary because
you see people with machine guns even
though I don't think they had any um but
guns knocking on your door and saying uh
this is our apartment now or else you're
paying us
rent that is some scary scary stuff so
Trump again perfectly visual perfect
description perfect summary on that
topic so
good did MSNBC like K Harris's
performance do I even need to tell you
yes here are the things they said were
just
masterful uh that she decided to make it
about the country not
herself did
she I don't know just sounded like her
stump speech to me um somebody named
Jeremy Peters on uh MSNBC said she's
very wisely making this about the
country and bringing the country back
together really what what was the
bringing the country back together apart
I don't recall that at
all um rather than saying this is about
me this is who I am you already have one
candidate who's doing that quite
well that that's
so just trying hard to write a college
essay on an assigned
topic it really is trying as hard as you
can to just use words if I combine words
in just the right way
this is going to look like a good thing
it's
crazy
um all right
so anyway
so somebody also on MSNBC uh Ellie
velli talked about her kamis defending
her switches and policy preferences he
said quote I thought she was smart to
explain her policy position
has not a change in values not a change
in your deep inner mooring but instead
something almost situational in terms of
taking in more
information in other words MSNBC is
adding word salad to her word
salad I I feel like I'm at uh what's
that restaurant that has infinite salad
you want salad we'll talk about salad
with some more
salad what does it mean that that she's
going to keep her values but instead
it's something about situational in
terms of taking in more information that
would be
everything everything is situational and
we're always taking more information
that really doesn't explain
anything anyway but they tried it
hard polling as you know is ridiculous
at this point um but Wall Street Journal
says they've got a poll that uh Harris
is up 48 to 47 but if you throw in the
third party candidates and why wouldn't
you she's up two points but that's
within the margin of error Nate silver
still says Trump has a 52% chance of
winning the electoral college versus
Harris at 47 but that will get uh
updated soon so basically we don't know
anything about anything it's we just
know it's
close all right um apparently CEO Mark
Zuckerberg claimed somewhere this week
that he didn't realize that the $400
million he spent on that whole getting
out the vote thing in
2020 uh primarily benefited one party so
he's acting
surprised that his $400 million was
spent to make things more biased instead
of a more fair
election $400
million he wasted
because what he wanted he says is a
system that was just a better system for
all
people what he got was he changed the
direction of the election toward
Biden maybe he wanted that too but it
wasn't planning to do it so here's the
thing you didn't know that the Chan
Zuckerberg initiative so that's where
the 400 million was that got spent it
was led by his
wife h
uh who gave most of that money to some
groups that are so obviously left
leaning that you should have been able
to know very easily that you were going
to bias the election
outcome so let's uh let's put this in a
little larger
context imagine what would have happened
if Steve Jobs Jeff Bezos and Mark
Zuckerberg had never gotten
married just those three billionaires
imagine they never gotten married well
if Steve Jobs had never gotten married
then he would not have left his fortune
to Lena who bought the Atlantic and
turned into a Democrat activist
propagandist who is doing a good job at
it so Steve Jobs getting married
us pretty hard how about Jeff Bezos well
uh his wife got many millions and
billions many billions and uh she's
spending it to make sure Democrats
win so if Jeff Bezos had never been
married you wouldn't have that
problem how about Mark
Zuckerberg if Mark Zuckerberg had never
got married do you think he would have
allocated that $400 million the same way
as wife did I doubt
it I think no you know there's no way to
know but my instinct is that they're not
exactly on the same page
you know we we've heard we've heard
Zuckerberg favor Free Speech we've heard
him uh say he regretted the censorship
that was pushed on him by the uh Biden
Administration primarily and we've heard
him say that Trump was the most badass
thing when he said fight fight fight now
that doesn't make him a
republican but I'll tell you what zberg
does
understand business he understands
business do you think that he thinks
that Harris is better for business I
doubt it I doubt it it it if in a
private moment I would be amazed if
Zuckerberg is really super
anti-trump I'd be amazed Ian he might be
neutral but I'd be amazed if he thinks
Trump's going to be a big old
problem so if those three billionaires
had never gotten married we wouldn't be
in so much trouble
do you think there are any other wives
that are doing similar
things well interestingly Trump is
benefiting also by the Widow of uh
Sheldon
adelon adelon right um so there's
another case of someone who she's not
the one who made the money but if adelon
had never been
married there probably wouldn't be
somebody there who's funding the Trump
campaign
so why is it that we designed this
system a few hundred years ago and we
thought it was all about you know
representative government and turned out
to be basically billionaire
Coxs so billionaire
Coxs and what they wanted to do with it
is determining our
system you know describe the system to
your uh your grade school child well so
you got these people go billionaires got
it
uh they've got
 okay most of them most of them do
and when they want to put them in
something they have to get married
because I know this system kind of
requires that so uh they got these
holsters and uh then the holsters
uh take take half the money and leave or
sometimes all the money if somebody dies
and then the holsters become the
ones who decide who the next president
is and then your sixth grader says
what's a holster and you say well
maybe you're not ready for this we'll
get back to you in a few years so no
don't talk like that to a sixth grader
that would be terrible I can't even
believe you were thinking about it
that's terrible you should be ashamed of
yourselves so that's the real world
billionaire Cox decide who's President
indirectly Elon Musk warned warns us
that at the current rate of government
spending he says on X America is in the
fast lane to
bankruptcy and he says government
overspending is what causes inflation
wow do we want him to be in charge of
driving the government imagine what you
could do if you took a Elon Musk
engineering approach to how much
government do we really need and how
should it be organized for the most
efficiency it would look completely
different than what we have
so I don't know how much he could get
away with or whether he really will be
you know Trump's uh helper to figure out
how to streamline things but you'd have
to take off a massive a massive part of
the government spending not just the
employees you know it's not it's not
really about the employees we're paying
it's about what the employees want us to
pay for other stuff
so here's my take I think that all
government borrowing is
theft once you know you can't pay it
back if you know that you're borrowing
an amount that you can easily pay back
no problem at all that would just be
people entering into a transaction they
all understood and had mutual benefit
yay yay Mutual benefit but today every
dollar that the government spends comes
out of your pocket with
inflation so they just write checks and
you pay them and you didn't vote for any
of it all they have to do is not do
their job of balancing the budget just
not do their job and and then you you
get robbed so basically inflation is a
tax you know they're they're just doing
it by printing money instead of passing
a law why can my government take my
money without a
conversation how's that how's that
coming up I I mean I get that the uh
Congress passes the budget so I guess
there is a conversation in that way but
they need to tell us what that is every
time they pass a
budget that is you know going to add to
the debt what they should say is this
budget will cost each of you um $10,000
in Lost buying power because your
dollars will be worth
less that's what they should say but
they don't
they act like it's
free like it's free oh yeah cuz we'll
pay it back we're not going to pay it
back let me say this as clearly as
possible you know that $36 trillion we
owe we're not paying that back I don't
know what will'll happen I mean maybe
we'll go full Hitler didn't Hitler just
renounce all the debt Germany
had at one point he just said no we're
not paying it back and that was actually
the key key that put Germany on like a
very rapid um economic Improvement it
was one of the big Keys now
unfortunately they used their economic
Improvement to fund their military and
didn't work out
but I would love to know a little bit
more about what happened when Hitler
just said well how about we're not
paying back the rest of the world
ever so we're just defaulting we're
going to create our own our own money
we'll just act like that debt never
happened
somehow that worked didn't it I don't
know my history well enough to know if
I'm talking crazy am I talking crazy how
how many of you are aware again if
somebody sees this s of context they're
going to say I'm praising Hitler no I'm
not praising Hiller I'm simply looking
at one historical precedent of debt
ignoring and asking you didn't that work
out really well for Germany or is it
because they invented their own currency
but we wouldn't really be able to do
that is there something that would
prevent us from doing the same thing now
keep in mind defaulting on your debt to
every reasonable person sounds like the
worst case scenario but it's not because
it's not worse than having a debt you
can't pay
back yeah at least Germany gave itself a
chance I mean it squandered its Chance
by starting a war and and a holocaust
but
I think we're rapidly going to be in a
situation where some politician is going
to say out
loud we're never paying this
back and then what happens I don't know
that there's some possibility that all
we have to do is not pay it
back let let me say this
again if you have your money if you have
any of your money in uh government
debt that was extra
money do you know what I'm
saying uh I have I have a lot of
Investments I have a little bit in the
state state of California of bonds just
a little bit like a maybe
2% now the 2% suppose I suppose
California just said you know what we're
not going to pay back any of our bonds
I'd be like what are you kidding me I
put some serious money into those
bonds but then I would look at my total
portfolio and to go oh well this serious
money but it wouldn't change my life if
they never paid it
back I would just go on I wouldn't even
notice
really now who makes these who exactly
are the people who have uh invested all
that money in government instruments
who does that well you don't do that
with your important money de you except
very short term to make sure it doesn't
disappear it's not any kind of a
long-term investment that makes sense
except as a small part of your portfolio
so I just I just have a sort of a
curiosity don't put this don't assume
this as a recommendation so let me
soften it a little bit I'm not saying we
should do it I just have what I I think
are reasonable questions about what
happens if we get to the point where
it's just obvious it can't be paid back
and we can't even afford and and we
can't afford the interest on it if we
could afford the
interest we'd probably just keep going
but we're close to not being able to
afford the
interest at some point we're going to
have a choice between two awful
choices not paying back the debt or what
just becoming a third world country with
no money
so here's here's what I'm introducing
into the system you better start
thinking about what's going to
happen because something's going to
happen it'll be the biggest thing that's
ever happened not counting Wars I guess
yeah there won't be much bigger that
will ever happen than whatever the heck
we do with this debt it will be really
really big probably will'll be fine but
whatever it is is going to be big so get
ready for
it all right still waiting for the first
Economist to endorse the Harris tax plan
has anybody seen it yet has anybody seen
MSNBC with an economist just happened to
be a Democrat saying uh this is a good
plan this tax stuff will work
out I haven't have any of you even one
can't find one Economist to agree with
Harris no one how many economists are
there in the country do you
think
20,000 depending on how you count them
as professional economists now I'm not
talking about people just have a degree
in economics like me I'm talking about
somebody who's a working Economist
they're getting paid to be an economist
20,000 of
them and MSNBC can't find
one that can go on the air and say you
know what you've been looking at this
wrong if you look at it in a smarter way
this this tax plan is great not one not
one out of 20,000 and why is that not a
story in its
own what why is it the story well we've
got 20,000 professional economists and
we don't have one that's willing to come
on and say this is a good
idea that is a story that you can't get
one how is that not a
story we shouldn't even be talking about
the tax plan we should talk about the
fact that there's not one Economist out
of
20,000 who can come on the air and give
you a you know a positive idea about
it all
right um you're following the story of
that Brazil judge who keeps going after
musk um to try to get he wants to get
control of X basically to make sure that
X can be
uh censored the way Brazil's um corrupt
government would like to censor it and
uh musk unlike the other platforms is
resisting and so the pressure is on him
and uh they're going after spacex's as
Financial accounts in
Brazil so basically SpaceX won't get any
more money from
Brazil even though they have all these
customers using the um I'm not I'm sorry
using the uh satellite starlink so
SpaceX owns starlink so uh and uh so
musk says that he's going to keep the
service up and just make it
free so he doesn't have a mechanism to
collect money from the people buying
starlink but he's not going to turn it
off and the government can't turn it off
because it's just plug in plug in and go
right so that's a pretty baller decision
by musk that he'll just keep it on
because he probably assumes that better
communication is bad for the government
of Brazil and good for him and he's
right so they can harm him financially
and as he said often so you're going to
threaten me
financially
you did he not say that directly on a
different topic so yeah and it's smart
it's smart of him
to make sure that's his brand he's got
to be the you brand because
otherwise everybody will try to pressure
him in every way they can he's got
enough businesses that there's always
some lever they can put on
it but it gets better you ready for the
good
part uh two good parts number one how
does the United States government let
this piss ant judge in Brazil the
United States and citizens within it and
their company
Biden Administration this is one of
those situations where you need to be a
 president of the United States
this is not about left versus right this
is Brazil the Brazilian government is
attacking a US citizen very publicly and
some us companies that I consider quite
important if the United States can't
protect us against this by threatening
the and of Brazil like we'll around
you with re warships and take away your
economy you can't take our freedom of
speech indirectly or even in your own
country if you want to deal with the
United
States what is going on here am I wrong
that the role of the United States
government largely is to protect US
citizens from outside assault this is a
completely inappropriate assault by a
country that should be one of our you
know favored
countries totally unacceptable this is a
complete failure of the US government
and this has nothing to do with democrat
or republican this is just an attack
this is an attack on American Business
and American citizens it's an attack and
no response not a legal response not a
threat not a
statement we we should have a real
president who stands in front of the
country and says look here's the deal
Brazil we have a lot of levers we're
going to press them
all back
off and that's not happening not only is
it not happening again why is that not
the story the story is not just musk
against a judge in Brazil the story is
that the government of the United States
took a
pass they're taking a
pass while an an American citizen is
being attacked by a foreign
entity threatened with
jail and our government's taking a
path too busy with
Ukraine too busy at the
beach
outrageous gets better Mike Ben uh is uh
reminding us well I didn't know it so
I'm not being reminded but um so I'm
hearing it for the first time time that
the US state department was very
involved in making sure that Brazil had
access to voting
machines
H why would the US be so
concerned that Brazil had access to
voting machines and apparently the US uh
intervened with at least two different
manufacturers of
microchips to make sure that the voting
machines for Brazil went higher on the
priority so they could get get chips for
their voting
machines and then the CIA according to
Mike Ben uh and he shows the documents
by the way this is not Mike Benz making
stuff up um in his post he showing you
the actual documents and the you know
the current reporting at the time so
this is just documented that the CIA
warned bolsonaro the the last leader of
Brazil not to mess with the or cast out
on the new uh US state department
secured voting
machines so they threatened him not to
cast out on the voting
machines while making sure that they're
they definitely had some voting machines
now let me ask the question I've asked
many times by now you have a good answer
for me because I've been asking it for
so long and you thought about it and
then you researched it now you have a
good
answer what's the advantage of the
voting machines
is it because they're more credible the
the public will trust them no no
evidence of that it's the opposite are
they to save
money no no evidence that it saves money
are they to make things easier no they
obviously make it
harder um is
it to get a faster result so you don't
have to wait no probably is the other
way around or at least as as fast so why
was the United States trying so hard to
make sure Brazil had voting
machines what can you think of a second
reason because we can speculate about
one potential reason you know without
evidence I don't have any evidence of
this but it
looks exactly like the United States try
to install their own leader a preferred
leader via the mechanism of having
voting machines that maybe they had some
back door to I don't know that that's
true in other words there's no hard
evidence of anything so I can't I can't
point to any evidence for it but why
would the United States care so much
about another country's voting machines
so much so that they would get
involved can you think of a second
reason for
that I can't
I what would it
be is it because we're so kind to other
countries that we get really deeply
involved in all of their Affairs whether
had a political angle or not no we don't
do anything like
that uh in the comments uh lemon minty
is say voting machines are to make you
think voting is real well I don't know I
mean I think a paper ballot with lots of
observers would maybe think voting was
real I don't think there's any other
reason than the one that you
suspect now I but I'll soften that again
because I don't want to get sued I'll
soften it to say does anybody have a
speculation of what a second reason
could be I can't think of
any I have a pretty good
imagination I can't even imagine a
second reason can you I mean honestly
can you think think of any reason that
the US would be so incentivized
especially the
CIA to make sure we got those
American uh American driven machines in
there so but I remind you our elections
are
pristine nothing to worry about in our
elections because it's not like we've
seen any any any bad behavior anywhere
so our our elections are fine they're
fine everybody
I all
right um two two AI companies open Ai
and
anthropic uh they've reached some kind
of AI safety agreement with the US
government and what it involves I don't
know what else involves but key to this
is that the government would have access
to the
models presumably before the public did
so that they could test them and look
for AI
problems so do you feel better that
there's a there's an effort to have a
regulatory body that will be overseeing
AI
so pH so glad I I was worried for a
moment that there wouldn't be a
regulatory
body regulating
AI now let's leave that world of
imagination and go to the real one shall
we in the real world we know that the
time it will take for the a a industry
to totally own The Regulators would
be now yeah I think we're probably
already there how hard would it be for
the AI Industries to totally own The
Regulators well let's think it through
if somebody's job for the government is
to check on the AI and tell you if it's
safe they know what the they know what
the company wants and they know maybe
what the government would
want so suppose they know that the
company would want them to not clamp
down on that
thing and then suppose they get their
paycheck from the government and they
open it up and they go
huh well it's not bad but I'll bet you
open AI would pay about three times
this should I be ever interested in
increasing my exposure to the AI field
of which I'm already in but I'm working
for the government which would be the
very cheapest worst place you could ever
work on AI now suppose you have uh have
lunch with one of these regulators and
you're from one of the AI companies what
do you have to say to them to get them
to do what you want instead of actually
regulating you well you don't say if you
regulate me right I'll give you a job
later and you'll make a lot of money no
don't need to you just say so uh halfway
through lunch say say so uh what's your
plans you plan to stay with the
government and just work on this AI
regulation uhhuh you know we're always
uh we're always looking for
people so if at some point you get tired
of the regulatory thing here's my
card you don't have to actually offer
them a job you just have to remind them
that if they ever wanted to make twice
as much money it would be real easy they
just got to go light on the
regulations now in the real world does
stuff like that happen yes yes yes
that's the real
world so in the beginning you might get
some Regulators who were kind of tough
on the companies but I wouldn't even
trust them because they would be
government Regulators so I'm not even
sure that's a good thing they wouldn't
know what danger looked like and uh I
don't think AI regulation will
regulating will be any better than any
other regulating so
it's not going to save the
world but it might be uh a way for some
people to make some money all right
here's some uh science you might like
just because it's good news there's an
ultrasound device at University of Utah
was testing it apparently it makes uh
your pain go away almost
instantly so uh it's just like
miraculous so they just use uh
ultrasound at the right frequency sees
and your pain just goes Boop turns off I
saw Brian relli in a post just yesterday
it wasn't about this but just separately
he was saying the science already knows
for sure that certain sound frequencies
will cancel pain and I read the post and
you know I I like to uh repost a lot of
Brian rell's content because he's great
especially with the AI stuff and I
thought to myself ah
H I'm not sure I believe that like I was
a little
skeptical that science knows how to turn
off pain with you know just three
frequencies or
something but here it is there's an
actual study in which they're using
frequencies to turn off pain I don't
know if it's the same thing that Brian
was talking about but now I have two
sources that are strongly indicative
that it's worth doing some research on
it uh here's another thing how many of
you suffer from
regret how many of you have the feeling
oh I regret that thing I
did do you ever feel that because I
don't feel
it clearly I've done things that didn't
work out but I've never had any
Sensation that I could identify as a
feeling of a regret as an
adult as a young person I think I did
you know I'd be like oh why did I do
that why did I ask Gina maybe if she
wanted to dance and she told me she
didn't want to and it ruined my night
and I felt bad for two years I regret
asking her to
dance but as an
adult
nope you and I I got cancelled you know
about as hard as you can get canceled a
year and a half ago and people ask me if
I regret it and I'm actually confused by
the question
regret what is that
why would I even have that where what's
the function of
it it's like I don't understand it but
there's a study that explains why I have
that feeling that it doesn't bother me
at all as an adult and also why it did
when I was younger and it's called the
uh the gambling uh framework so f.org
talks about this uh I guess there's some
science they did had some
participants and if people thought about
a specific decision out of context they
might have
regret but if people thought in a
portfolio manner that there are lots of
things they did in the past some work
and some don't and that's the way the
world is supposed to work because we all
know that you don't sign up to do
everything right nobody thinks that
everybody knows your life is a series of
wins and losses and so if you see it as
a portfolio just like the way I would
invest you know I'll buy an index
fund so I'm
Diversified so if your life is likewise
Diversified you did a bunch of things
some worked some didn't then you don't
see it as regret the same reason when I
look at my index fund I don't feel any
regret if some members of the index fund
went
down as long as the average went up over
time it it doesn't even occur to me that
I should have a feeling about regret if
one of the stocks of my 500 stocks in
the index went down so that's how I see
my
life I could certainly say you know
doing this thing led to a bad result but
I never regret it it just doesn't come
up it's it's never part of my thinking
whatsoever so if you have anything
that's you recognize as regret the
reframe is look at look at your life as
a portfolio of
decisions some good some bad but if your
average worked out you nailed it yeah if
your average of decisions worked out
you're doing better than you used to be
let's say you're taking care of yourself
and maybe some other people you nailed
it regret forget
it well there's also at the guardian
reports a mask that can detect all kinds
of diseases from your
breath and it's very big range of
diseases so that's some uh research from
the California Institute of Technology
Professor y go
g and you'd have to use a different mask
so far for different things you're
testing but here's the question I have
do you have to wear a mask all
day are you telling me that there's not
like a
breathalyzer that's a better model can I
just have a breathalyzer and blow into
it and that tells me if I have a
disease I don't need to watch wear the
mask all day do I so I don't really
understand the mask part but it'll be
able to diagnose diseases from your
breath which is kind of cool all right
those are the stories I had for you
today I've talked way too long it's time
for you to get to your Friday so I'm
going to talk a little bit to the
subscribers on locals but the rest of
you thank you for joining and I will see
you again tomorrow same time same place
and thanks X and Rumble and uh and
YouTube we'll see you all later and in
about 30 seconds I will be private with
the local
subscribers
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e